1.5 : Dr. Ray is by far the worst professor I have ever had at BSU.She dose not care if students do well or not. The exams are very hard and when the average is a D on the exam you know there has to be something wrong. Do not take her!
3.0 : So easy. These comments come from bad students. Show up, memorize the maps, read the wall street journal posts that she puts on blackboard. It is a huge waste of time though. She's an awful professor and it's an awful, but easy, class. I sit on my phone all class and I won't even have to take the final. This coming from a 3.0 student.
1.5 : Awful professor. She may be smart and have published work, but she is a horrible teacher. Im a 3.5 average student and this has hands down been the WORST professor that I have had at BSU. I would never recommend this professor to anyone. If you are forced to take the class, make sure you show up and are ready for the tests.
1.0 : This is philosophy class, and she is so incredibly focused on responses being formatted the way she wants. I am a junior, I've taken 2 online classes every semester and Ive never had a prof complain about my writing style so much. She wants all your responses to be like a math equation, giving no chance for free thought. Never got full credit.
1.0 : I took her Philosophy class and it was awful. She was very unclear about all the assignments and does not give good feedback on assignments. I would not take her again. I would suggest looking for another teacher. I got the feeling like she doesn't care about her students.
2.5 : I took the 3-week summer session, so my experience might be different... the class wasn't too hard to get through.  We had 2 group presentations, one of them requiring a lengthy paper.  He doesn't respond to emails and tended to post things to Blackboard at the last minute.  He seems to like just going with the flow of things.  Hard A, easy B.
1.0 : Kent Neupert is a horrible professor. It's as if he never had any actual business experience before becoming a business teacher. He fails to grasp the basic rules of things like professionalism, human resources or how to manage effectively.
1.0 : He didnt respond to a single email until wk 12 out of 15. His email was claiming that he wanted us to resubmitted every assignment because he doesnt know how to use blackboard. Its finals week and I still dont have my papers graded. I guess if you want to pass Capstone, take him.
1.0 : I honestly just hate him. Like a lot. Steer clear.
2.0 : I stopped reading the book and just attended lectures, look in the book for the listing charts for the assigned songs. Memorize the intro of the song, Style, form and who plays in it and you will pass. I haven't read a whole chapter and I have an A, collect all Extra Credit and rely on the curve to save you cause it will write 5 page concertreports
2.0 : If you take this professor, prepare for a pretty challenging course. There were fun moments of this class, but the tests are extremely difficult and the professor doesn't necessarily lecture. He more so rambles... I was very excited to take his MUS 102 course (Intro to Jazz), but by the end of the semester I was so ready for the class to be done!
1.0 : samball....... He is tough. he is nice guy, heart of gold one-on-one, but in front of the class he is an idiot and really rude. he expects students to know the difference between an aria and a concerto like its common sense. DO NOT TAKE SAMBALL. find a better professor. you will be sorry if you take him. you have been warned.
1.0 : THE WORST PROFESSOR EVER. doesn't teach or explain. Tests are ridiculously difficult. most people drop out or fail.
1.0 : Good luck staying awake through lectures. Do yourself a favor, take this class from someone else.
1.0 : Truly a terrible teacher. This introduction to music class isn't an introduction to music. It's music theory. It's analyzing music. My friend, who's studied theory for years, failed the class as well. Do yourself a huge favor and take this class from someone else. Worst teacher I've ever had which resulted in the hardest class I've ever had.
1.5 : He gives extra credit, so if you miss class there's a good chance you won't pass.  Lectures are long and seem pointless, I only went to get extra credit. But even then I missed a bunch of lectures. My friends are music majors in this class with me and are failing. Try to take it with a different professor if possible.
2.0 : By far the hardest class I've ever taken; because you take only 4 exams, all of which are nearly impossible. I attended every lecture, studied 50+ hours for every exam (no joke), &amp; only once broke 80%. Dr. Samball is extremely smart, but he fails to remember that this is an entry-level course. Don't take this class unless you're prepared to work.
1.0 : Avoid this class at all costs! He is a horrible teacher that doesn't teach anything! He just plays music and rambles about things not even relating to the class for the entire 1hr15min that the class is. Either you drop his class, or you're 100% going to get an f! Doesn't explain anything, extremely surprised that he hasn't been fired yet.
1.0 : I'm still not clear as to what he was actually getting his information for the tests from. His blackboard site is confusing and so are his lectures. The book is really only thing that your learn anything from. I've heard that students get more from other professors. So, I would look elsewhere.
1.5 : Wish I had listened to the reviews before taking this class.
3.0 : He is a funny guy. As long as you read the material you will be fine, if you don't understand what you are reading talk to your peers. I felt lost but I think that is just the territory with Philosophy. Don't take if you are uninterested, I thought it was a great beginning philosophy class.
2.5 : Dr. Knight seems to be very knowledgeable about what he teaches (he has an emphasis on logic and method).  There is a disconnect in his communication with the class. I would ask questions and think I understood the answer he gave, but would find out on the test that I did not understand what he had said. The grading criteria was confusing.
2.0 : Reading material for the class can be difficult to follow and almost no direction is given on what to look out for when you're reading. There was no introduction or explanation as to what themes we would be looking at during the semester. Class discussion is mostly silence because he is waiting for answers. Great guy, but could use more structure.
1.0 : To be quite honest, I'm not entirely sure how this man is still employed. He puts more effort into making things unnecessarily difficult than actually helping his students learn. More often than not his lectures are confusing, with him jumping randomly to different topics that have little bearing on what we need to know. Avoid him at all costs.
1.0 : This is a stupid class. For CS major I would recommend to take PHIL 101 if your department allows it so that you possibly won't take class with this teacher. only 3 exams and that is your whole grade. 20 percent, 30 percent, 50 percent 3 tests - total course grade. This is the worst class that I have ever taken.
2.0 : Dont take this class, if you value your GPA the don't take this class. 3 tests, 6 essay questions each. Tons of reading, expect to only think what the teacher wants you to think.
5.0 : this class gave a lot of opportunities for participation, which most of my classes don't.
5.0 : I wouldn't take this class if you're not ready to read.
5.0 : Attendance is a bigger deal that some stufents realized. Tests are tough
5.0 : Teacher is super in depth with his work, but takes time for students to asks questions and is always willing to help you understand. Great class if you want to actually learn material and are willing to participate, if not I do not recommend this one.
4.0 : Good teacher if you want to be present and participate in the class. Lots of reading and showing up matters. Gives lots of chances for points.
1.0 : In PHIL209, George is very difficult to understand. If you miss one class, the stuff missed won't be covered again. Asking questions gets awkward because he stares at you and expects the whole class to already know everything he is teaching. Although, he does not get his teaching methods across well. Super hard to learn and retain things.
1.0 : Simply, he was awful. Your grade rests on three tests on four books, all essay questions. He expects you to do bad, so he curves the final grades. If you get a 64% in the class, it is a C. He does not ask about problems with the reading or clarification of it. He does not give you things to think about, he expects the class to know what he thinks.
1.0 : I created an account just to warn people about this class. I took it last year and it was by far the worst class I have taken in my college career. The tests are near impossible. If he would not have curved them I doubt that anyone would have passed. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. George Knight has no business teaching at any level, although he was nice.
1.0 : HORRIFIC TEACHER! Was my only option. Lectures to the class with his eyes closed which was really distracting for me. Attendance doesn't give you any points, but if you miss 3 or more it drops you a letter grade. THE WHOLE CLASS, is based upon 3 essay ?'s. The whole 16 week class, and you only get graded on the 3 questions. Class is only 100points
1.0 : Worst teacher ever in my life! Total of 3 exams graded. Those 3 exams had only 6 questions. If you don't know the answer to those 6 questions you will get '0' in this course. Whole grade depends only on three exams NO OTHER ASSIGNMENTS! Four books but they were cheaper. No attendance grade but if you miss more than 3 class points will be taken off.
3.5 : I was one of 3 students that regularly contributed to the discussion. 5 other students would contribute less, Nobody else joined in a class of nearly 40. Knight is tough, but most students aren't even willing to participate in a discussion, meaning they probably didn't do any of the reading.  Laziness in college should be punished with failure.
5.0 : This prof has really high expectations in terms of note taking, and kind of expects you to incorporate lectures and discussions into exams. If you don't have lecture notes, it makes it tricky to answer exam questions. Don't miss class. Attendance is big in this class.
5.0 : Great discussions. Enthusiastic about the material. Really tries to make it accessible and fun. As long as you actually prepare for class and try to participate in the discussion you'll do well. You are graded on 3 tests. Test questions are difficult, and graded tough, but you are graded on a curve. You'll need to work for a good grade.
5.0 : Great teacher who makes you work for your grade, but provides good lectures and good feedback.
5.0 : Go to class and follow along to the discussion and try your best to answer his questions in class. You will actually have to put some work in and do the reading. Take notes when he talk about a  philosopher's "main idea" in class because that is what will be on the test.
1.0 : One of the worst teachers I have ever taken. Being in class was like playing 20 questions with him rather than him providing any insight on the text.  Your grade is based off of 3 essay exams. Read the books independently and research the philosophers online and you should be able to pass if you can write a decent essay.
4.0 : I was in a class with 8 people. It seemed I was one of the few people who actually read and contributed. Yeah it was confusing, its philosophy what do you people expect?! But because I contributed he gave me an A. He's a great guy and a great teacher who is willing to give if you give too.
2.0 : I generally have always like philosophy and understood it pretty well. However his teaching just does not seem to connect at all. I think he is a pretty nice guy and doesn't seem harsh but it is hard to learn in his class, and he has a very strange grading style. Class overall seems uninteresting and a little awkward in a subject I normally like.
1.5 : Philosophy is a hard thing to teach and keep students attention with. But this class was very unpleasant to take. Gives vague questions and then waits for about a minute while the class doesn't know what to say. Answers he wants you to know are confusing. Reading Plato is hard enough but he  doesn't help you understand it any better. Dropped class.
1.5 : Be ready to just be wrong. There is no winning, unless you have his exact same opinion. Don't worry too much, I passed with a 62 and still got a C.
1.0 : George Knight is the worst professor at Boise State. He is incredibly pretentious, extremely arrogant, and down right awful. Do not take a course taught by this man.
1.0 : For our class he graded us one 3 exams, each exam was 2 essays on 2 different books. He makes you read just about every night and has discussions of the reading in the next class. There are about 3 people in my class of 28 that actually talk, the rest of us just sit there and listen.
1.0 : As a Computer Science student, I am very confused on why I am required to take this course. Professor Knight makes every lecture unnecessarily complicated. He asks questions based off the reading assigned and goes over it in class. He would ask a question and you reply with an answer and it will be wrong every time. Exams are vague as they can get.
3.0 : I went into this class thinking it was going to be amazing and cool, but I have ended the semester with finding excuses to either leave class early or skip it entirely, it is very boring. The information and subject is interesting, sure, but unless you actively read the books a few times and understand them completely, you might struggle a bit.
1.0 : The lectures were unprepared.  The absence of a lesson resulted in George not teaching the material he expected us to know.  The test would focus on subject mater not sufficiently discussed in class.  This instructor struggled to communicate the information he expected his students to know.  The grading was far too strict for an introductory course
1.0 : Test are tough if you don't understand the story of philosopher. He is on my "NO MORE CLASS WITH THIS LECTURER" list. He could have change the course format because the whole class is just as hell - reading book and discussion. If you don't read book you will be lost. NO chance of understanding the class discussions without reading. 5 small books.
1.0 : wow, honestly not a good teacher, doesn't want you to win. I feel like he gives everyone in the class below a 60 percent just so he can prove he is smarter than all of us. I actually really love philosophy and normally would participate in class. but he made it impossible to talk without getting cringed out of your mind. Do not take his classes.
1.0 : Do NOT take this teacher!!! Definitely take the online class instead! You'll thank me... trust me. If you are unfortunate enough to take his class, however, a voice recorder is a MUST HAVE for several reasons: he constantly contradicts himself, he doesn't have power points, and he doesn't give "information". It was literally the hardest class ever.
3.0 : The books we read were hard to understand and your grade consists of 3 comprehensive essay question tests. The final is worth 50% of your grade and its accumulative. This class is extremely challenging for being a 100 level class. If the class couldn't answer a question we would just sit in silence. Half the semester was just silence.
3.0 : Your entire grade consists of three exams, for which he gives no specific advice beforehand. Even when asked, he won't hint at all what's on each exam, so your only hope of passing is to either memorize the texts front-to-back, or hope that you're lucky enough to have retained the relevant information by chance. This makes it VERY easy to fail.
1.0 : Like everyone else Is saying, 3 tests   100% of grade.   Must memorize every book you read because you don't know what he's going to ask.  I thought I was prepared for every test.  Turned me off of philosophy just like that.  If have other options take them.
2.5 : If you have a choice to take this class - don't. The class involves reading 5 semi-short books and grades are based on 3 essay exams (1 - 20%, 2 - 30%, 3 - 50%) If you don't read or read but don't understand anything you will be lost. He pauses quite a lot to try to get the class to participate but most of class had no idea so we just sit there.
2.5 : Read the books, do the assignments and come prepared for class, participate in class discussions and study for the 3 written exams and this might get you a B.  Avoid this class.  Reading is difficult to understand and would need to know it forward and backward for an A.
1.0 : The ideas talked about in class were really interesting and fun but the tests were almost impossible. Even after reading and studying the books and attending class, I never felt I fully grasped the ideas he would test on. Overall, really interesting topics but too difficult and test dependent to ever take again.
3.0 : Very knowledgable about the material but lacks the skills to accurately get the information across. Reading is important but sparknotes has all the info. Whole class is based on 3 Tests of 20,30,50%, which are tough. Ask for feedback to get possible grade boosts. Very interesting but a tough. A good challenge.
1.0 : George Knight is the perfect stereotype of the pretentious philosopher. You will always be wrong and he prides himself on that. If he anonymously took his own exam he'd likely score a C+. Tests require you to memorize what order the book content came in (not unreasonable), but also the chapters they came from (NOBODY DOES THAT!).
1.0 : Worst teacher ever. An absence  1 point taken from tests. You have to read 5 books that are short but you must be able to fully understand. I never paid attention because the class was absolutely sluggish. A lot of the lecture is him talking, someone responding, him saying you're wrong, then waiting for him to say the right answer. Repeat.
1.0 : This guy is a horrible teacher. The only graded work you do are his 3 exams ,that consist of vague essay questions, which he gives no advice or hints to what he plans to ask. His lectures are boring and there are long pauses of silence when he tries to get the students involved but everyone is lost because he is rambling about nonsense.
2.0 : She only teaches from the textbook. If you have the textbook &amp; are fairly well at math, then skip the class. She's also very rude. On one test she asked us to assign variables. I wrote x:height &amp; y:length and she marked that half wrong because sentences have verbs. What?! Also expect 50-120 math problems a week &amp; she gives extra hmwk on test weeks.
2.0 : She's a very friendly professor, but she's not a fantastic teacher. If you've taken Calculus before I would suggest taking Merla because she's laid back and will let you work ahead. If not, stay away. Also, the class is very organized and you'll know what to expect day in and day out.
4.5 : I really enjoyed having Merla Lloyd as my math teacher for Math123 at CWI. I really appreciated having you as my math teacher because you are clear and precise on what you teach and very helpful in discussions in class when students do not understand a certain math problem.  Thank You Merla Lloyd for your dedication to your students.
5.0 : This is one of the best math teachers I've ever had. I never missed a day of her math classes. I have taken two math classes with her 025 and 123 and she never disappointed me. Expect homework,  quizzes, pop quizzes and tests. She gives good feedback on what is missed and why it was missed.  I'll gladly have her again if need be in the future!
5.0 : One of the greatest professors I've ever had. If you are willing to listen to what she has to say, you will learn so much. Do the homework, show up to class and study the quizzes and you will pass with an A. Never learned more in math than from Lloyd.
2.0 : Not a lot to love. Friendly lady, terrible professor.
3.0 : TOO MANY BUSY WORK ASSIGNMENTS! The way she types her assignments up makes is sooo hard to read. The expectations are clear, but the assignments are scattered all over the place and you have to dig to find what the heck she wants you to do sometimes. The bigger papers were great, but the rest of the course was bogus.
1.5 : Boring hard to show up too, tons of work and hard to understand
4.0 : Not an easy class.  Put in the time and effort and you will do well.  I also recommend taking advantage of Dr. Force's office hours at the chemistry learning center.
1.0 : This woman is brilliant, but a terrible lecturer.  She is a chaotic mess. Students don't respect her, talk over her, and drop like flies after the first two weeks.  Everything I learned in Chem 101, I taught myself.  I have no doubt she is well accomplished in her field, but teaching is not her thing.
1.5 : Force was the worst teacher I've ever had. I did well in chem in HS but passed her class with a 70.02%. The only thing I thank her for is that she doesn't take attendance and allowed me to skip class and teach myself the material instead. Notes are helpful if you take them, but might as well read the book because they're the same thing.
2.5 : I think Dr. Force is getting a bad rap. You either like her or you absolutely don't, but she gave so many opportunities for extra credit that if you put in just a little effort, you will pass at the very least. I did all homework, some extra credit, got 2 C's and a B on her exams and came out with a B. This instructor was just fine.
1.0 : I am now in my second year of medical school, and was just having a PTSD moment and thought of the days way back when I was in Dr. Forces chem course, To everyone who needs good grades, avoid her class at all costs. She is the worst professor I have ever had.
4.0 : Dr. Force is a great teacher.  Be prepared to put the time in this class!! It's not an easy subject, this course weeds out the people who are used to sliding by with minimal effort.
1.5 : She can be a bit confusing, confrontational, and not very helpful. As for her tests, I just read the book and took my notes off of it. She does allow a handwritten 8x11 study sheet to be brought in the 102 test, use it wisely. I would also suggest doing ALL the homework. It could make or break you.
3.0 : Dr. Force overall is a decent professor. Her lectures are dry and fast paced. Notes are pulled directly from textbook. Test are tough. She comes off as harsh but is actually fairly nice. I wasn't used to her teachingtesting methods  which is why I struggled a little. I suggest getting the e-book because it is easier to find answers to extra credit
2.0 : This is one of those classes where you have to just suck it up and get through it. Show up, do the homework, and take the time to make good useful notes for your tests. She lets you bring in a full page of notes front and back for tests. Use this wisely. I copied ALL of the key concepts for my useful notes and was able to pass each test with a B!
1.0 : Stay away from this teacher. Dr force does not give lectures, the only thing you do in class is work on an assignment book that you buy at the beginning of class. Dr force does not explain the information clearly and grades pretty harsh. I have previously taken Chem 101 and was retaking it, it seems like she does not understand  her own material.
1.0 : No personal help and very difficult tests. You never get any questions answered and it is not a lecture class.  You go to class to work on problems but never get help if others have questions as well.
1.0 : Worst teacher in my schooling career. Won't help you.  Teachers wrong answersmaterial. Blames class on failing and won't curve anything.
1.0 : Terrible class. All you do in class is sit through power point that go over what is already highlighted in the book online.  She then makes you pay 40 dollars to do an online homework program that won't really help for the tests.  This is a 101 class but she makes it ridiculously hard, you don't know what to study, one test only 2 people got As so.
1.0 : horrible teacher. how does she still have a job
1.0 : Only uses lecture from power points and can't ask any questions in class or by email. Grades are only for tests not  from learn smart. This is an introductory Chemistry class and  taught more like an upper level class.  Would not take this class with this particular professor or would I ever recommend this professor.
3.0 : Chemistry 101 was a challenging course. Some of that was due to the material. It also took me awhile to get used to Professor Force's teaching style. Once I did, however, I found her to be helpful and caring about her student's success. She LOVES chemistry and wants everyone to love it as well.
1.5 : This class is ok if you are a self-learner. She is a horrible lecturer. Do not expect to learn from her. I used YouTube and other online sources to grasp the key concepts.
1.0 : She really isn't a good professor, I didn't learn from her lectures. She just takes lines out of the textbook and removes a word for your notes. Her examples are from the book, and not extremely helpful. For me this class was pretty much self taught. It's all about how helpful your professor is, and she's not very helpful. Wouldn't recommend her.
1.0 : This class is the worst. The hardest 101 class I have ever taken. She gets really into teaching but she doesn't understand that we are in a 101 class. Sapling homework was easy, but the tests are nothing like the online homework that we did. The tests are super hard and it is impossible to study for. Don't take this class with her.
1.0 : Dr. Force was hands down the WORST teacher I have ever had. Somehow I passed this class with a B only because I never went to class and taught myself the material. She constantly gets problems wrong in class and on tests. Her class is unbelievably boring as well. She offered some extra credit but that was the only positive thing I got from her.
2.0 : This guy wrote the textbook on technical communications, so he is a REALLY picky grader. When you ask questions, he gives you very vague answers that do not help at all.  If you can, take this class with another teacher.
1.0 : Horrible teacher!! Confusing assignments and very very picky!! BEWARE!!
1.0 : His mind wanders, his discussion are off topic and his "speeches" unrelated to the material. He made us buy Insite instead of just using Blackboard and his grades was nearly non existent, he ever updated blackboard. Little direction for assignments and after final grades posted, missed points on almost everyones final grade. Would NEVER take again.
2.0 : SUPER boring. Hard to attend class. The books are so boring, I think I opened them once. I wouldn't recommend this class but it isn't that hard.
1.0 : He is hands down the worst instructor I have ever taken.  Easy to pass, but good god this man gives the most vague, ambiguous, arbitrary explanations and advice ever.  Consider yourself confused for the rest of the semester on what he exactly wants.
1.0 : STAY AWAY. Worst personality you will ever see in your life. I am an A student. Trust me.
1.5 : I did not pass the class due to a major communication error by John. On blackboard it showed the course being out of 355. I thought i passed having a 260. However he posted a D and when asked he just stated that the syllabus clearly states its out of 410. He wouldn't give explanation for where the other 55 points came from.
1.5 : I have taken online college classes for 3 years, and this professor is by far the worst I have ever had online. Response time by email is 48-72 hrs. To give an example, blackboard had froze during an exam (not my MacBook Pro's error) By the time it unfroze I had 15 minutes left to complete 25 questions. I emailed and asked for a retake. He said no.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE, AT ALL COST!!!
1.0 : I consider myself pretty good at econ, so I took this class online. BIG mistake. Martin wasn't helpful at all, he never replies to emails, and his test questions are awful. Every test question is super specific and difficult to understand. He doesn't give good/ any feedback, and doesn't offer any type of extra credit. Very frustrating.
2.0 : Far from my favorite class. I spent about double the hours I needed for any other 3 unit course. Each week is a minimum of three chapters, sets of homework &amp; quizzes, one test, and a group assignment. Test questions are from a test bank, frequently confusing, and often incorrect. If you take this class, be prepared to have econ be your life.
2.0 : The content is entirely self taught. I have reached out to him twice in the past and he was rude in his responses. Those two emails have been the only contact from him this entire semester.
1.0 : Hardest class EVER! Wants 4-5 Assignments done each tues, thurs and saturday. These assignments aren't easy either each one is ridiculously time consuming.  He is unrealistic and assigns way to much for any full time student to handle.  AVOID AT ALL POSSIBLE!
1.0 : Took class in 5 week summer session: discussion posts, quizzes, numerous homework problems, and a test every week. Professor provides no value to the class, he does not teach and does not provide guidance if he is contacted, class is completely self-taught. Econ was one of my favorite subjects prior to this class.
1.0 : 3 tests in the last 2 weeks of the class. Literally no consideration for the idea that students might be taking more than one class. You'll be taught online by a module called launchpad, not a teacher.
1.0 : The course was revamped this past semester and the grading criteria was not laid out in the syllabus. Most of the homework was done on the Pearson myEconLab. The tests are all open book/note (the final is as well) which was helpful, but the material is entirely self-taught. Reading and understanding formula is almost impossible with this text book
4.5 : Great Professor.  Took three classes with him and enjoyed every one.  Not for the student unwilling to work.
1.0 : How this professor can stay employed is puzzling.  He is by far the worst math professor that you can take this class from.
3.5 : He's very accommodating and super helpful! Willing to work with students who lack understanding and need /require additional assistance. Very personable!
1.0 : The first couple weeks he read his lecture off of notecards. I realize this is the first time he's taught 123 but he is not prepared at all. He does a lot of whiteboard work and he does some of it wrong and has to erase his work and restart. Doesn't like when we ask questions. Struggles with course almost as much as we do.
2.0 : If you are by the very best just a average, do not, and I repeat, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. He is a relatively friendly professor who tries to crack jokes every now and then, it is nearly impossible to learn anything from this class. You can barely read his handwriting, he' s terrible at explaining lessons, and awful at preparing you for the tests.
1.0 : No educational instruction given in his class. His help on problems in class will normally result in wrong answers. He has to watch videos online before class to remember how to do calculus. If you take his class you will have to learn 170 on your own or with a tutor. Expect random group work that holds you back and is his excuse for not teaching.
2.0 : His class really isn't that hard (Math 123). Though if you have questions good luck getting a hold of him as he doesn't respond to emails and always seems to be busy. The only thing that makes him a hard teacher is that he doesn't know the content he's teaching so learning from him is like trying to learn from a monkey with a marker.
2.0 : He treated our class with a general uninterested attitude. He seemed like he did not know what he was doing a lot of the time, and his teaching was hard to follow and uninteresting. I honestly learned the whole course online and it usually took me 10 minutes to lear what he tried teaching for 1:15, as the semester went by he got a little more nice
1.0 : Probably the worst professor I've ever had. He reads directly from the textbook and will take very long pauses without saying anything. He'll write an example on the board just to start over because he did it incorrectly the first time. Often times he gets easily angry with his students because they don't know an answer, or ask questions.
1.0 : He is so stupid. He would do a problem wrong and then when we corrected him, and had the proof we were write, he would try to explain how he was still right. He should not be a teacher! Also he is annoying and rude, called a girl four eyes because he did not know her name.
1.0 : If you can read the textbook and learn the material on your own then you can probably pass. If you expect to learn from his lectures, don't take this class.
1.0 : To any College of Western Idaho students DO NOT take a math class from this guy.  His tests and homework will NOT prepare you for his final.  He is not helpful when you have a question, and is the teacher who thinks "I am smarter than you so why are you asking such a dumb question" teacher.  You would be better off taking 143 on-line.
1.0 : If you have the opportunity to take Steve Barrett, run far away and don't do it. The class was ridiculous, the grading was inconsistent, there was virtually no syllabus and whenever you attempted to ask a question or for him to clarify his expectations, he would tell you to turn in whatever you come up with... and then would fail you.
2.0 : He seems like a really nice guy, but he is an incredibly difficult professor. Im in his online course and when he says to expect 15 hours a week, expect 15 or more. You will be reading SO MUCH that you won't have time for other classes. I feel bad since he seems so nice when I ask him questions through email, but he expects WAY too much.
1.0 : He is a nice guy who knows a lot but DO NOT take his class.  He doesn't grade anything but assigns so much reading.  I did all the reading for his classes but struggled with his weird quiz questions.  I spent more time on his class than all my other classes combined, just trying to keep up.  There's no course schedule or rubrics.  So stressful.
2.0 : 90% of my effort last semester went in to  this class. Steve was understanding with giving extensions,  but grading guidelines were incredibly vague. Most of my assignments weren't graded until weeks after the fact (the first wasn't done until after midterms) Hundreds of pages of reading and multiple essays each week. Avoid if possible.
2.5 : This guy gave the most difficult midterm I've ever taken. I'm a senior, 1440 old SAT, and this kicked my ass.  Very smart, good lectures, but he lets students teach most of the class each week as "presentations," assigns 100+ pages per week of reading, and expects incredible recall on quizzes and homework. And he does not grade easy on the quizzes.
1.0 : This is the worst math director ever! This man is so rude and does not care about student success. He is ignorant &amp; cares only about himself and his work on the computer. I avoid to talk to this condescending self absorbed man because he is rude, ignorant, and uneducated about how to speak to students. Avoid him and the math department at BSU.
1.0 : I hate the math because of that teacher
2.0 : If you struggle with math at all, avoid taking a class with Hagerty. He does not teach - simply passes out assignments and expects you to be able to derive the process to solve the answers on your own using other mathmatical processes. If you are not mathmatically-minded, this method of instruction is frustrating at best.
1.0 : If you struggle with Math do NOT take this class through Boise State. It is a set up program to have struggling math students fail and the school to get more money. I spent thousands of dollars and hours trying to pass this course through Boise State. Got nothing but disrespect from this professor when I did not succeed.
1.0 : Only reason why I passed this class was due to taking it a second time. No instruction whatsoever, passes out a paper for lecture and leaves. Condescending, confusing, unrelated topics during class, DO NOT TAKE.
1.0 : He is not very kind!!
1.0 : He was not helpful at all and was not respectful to others.
1.0 : He was very abrupt and rude to myself and others in the class
1.0 : Be prepared for a shotgun method at course materials covered (textbook reading) and out of date print in lieu of quality instruction by this professor. On exams, expect very difficult questions and rebuttal is usless. In her words, finding in text (line for line) answers to support your understanding is less credible than a judgement call.
1.0 : I have never had a more difficult class. I feel she makes this class 10x harder than it should be and her explainations make it harder to understand. A lot of reading and supplemental references that do not coincide with quizes and exams. Multiple papers due in one week. Be prepared to cry through each exam wondering where she pulled the Q's from.
1.0 : She doesn't cover what you need to know until its too late. Homework will be due, then she covers what was on the homework. She does work incorrectly on the bored then catches her mistake at the end and just fixes it without explaining why it was wrong. One of the worst teachers I have ever had. I do not recommend taking this  class from her.
1.0 : Avoid taking a class from Donna if possible. She assigns homework at the last minute, giving you maybe 1 or 2 days to complete (homework assignments usually took me 3-4 hours.) The class average on quizzes and tests are 40%. She doesn't explain things well, and includes material on homework, quizzes, and exams that she doesn't cover in class. AVOID
2.0 : Dr Mitkova's grading was random to say the least.  I either got an A+ on the assignment, or an F.  Grading criteria she gives out in no way matches what she actually grades on.  Grades extremely hard for things she doesnt follow herself (citing sources, powerpoint layouts, etc).  Probably the most unclear class I've ever had.  Would not recommend.
1.0 : Refuses to help students who do not understand material. After first test over 60% of the class failed. Class told him that we did not understand material. Berated entire class over test, then demanded anyone who did not get at least a C to meet with him one on one to explain what our plan is to do better. Does not answer emails. Rude and defensive
1.0 : Terrible Professor. 60% of our class failed the first exam. Multiple students asked for extra credit and he told us that he doesn't do extra credit. He actually recommended that students drop the course.
1.0 : Will not help students at all. If you ask him a question, he simply says "Read the power point".  Tests are impossible, class average was a 50% and he refuses to help. Encourages students to drop the course and take it in the summer. Does not respond to email. Awful teacher
2.5 : I wouldn't recommend taking this class if you don't have to. If you can, try another coding class to start off with, he expects a lot and isn't the most sociable professor. No tutors as well. If you do manage to stick through as an unexperienced coder, you will learn a lot!
1.0 : Worst class i've taken, didn't learn anything. Has lecture hours but operates like an online class with videos that you watch to complete your homework and that's it. Easy class because you're walked through each step of the process but if you have any desire to learn HTML don't take this class.
2.0 : Difficult class, but from what I have heard, the new C# version of the class is FAR easier than the older PHP version of the class.  It is a very frustrating class.  Professor is kind of available. Videos are hit and miss.  Some assignments are great, others are abysmal. Avoid this class if possible. If you can't listen to the entire videos.
2.0 : Yay
2.5 : The class is pure automated, so don't even bother to show up. There are seven projects for the semester, and most of them are just plain cancerous. His videos for the projects so bad, I won't bother typing it out here. He isn't helpful, which is even nice for your grade. In essence, Dr. Chenoweth and this class is the epitome of the ITM major &amp; dpt
3.0 : Tim is a little goofy himself and in is ways of teaching, but homework will help you learn the material in no time. You have 3 tests and 7 assignments that will determine your grade along with attendance. If you don't do well on the tests, but do well on the homework you'll pass no worries. Highly recommend seeing a tutor if you're struggling.
1.0 : Asks questions in class, when answered does not confirm whether student was correct or not, just ignores and continues talking. Poor email communication, talks down to students, tests are not the same as material covered, cannot complete queries in class but expects perfect tests. Talks mostly about how to lose points on the tests instead earning
1.0 : This class is the mobile apps that can be taken as an elective for ITM majors. I can not stress enough DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. I learned almost nothing useful. The entire class is you using google to help you code the projects. You don't learn to code better or make cool apps (ex. contact list). You would be better off taking a free class online.
1.0 : Oversees student teacher placements at BSU. She doesn't do her job well,  doesn't seem to know what's going on.  Very condescending and petty. Do your best getting things figured out without her, not helpful throughout the process. In fact I suggest avoiding BSU for an education degree, especially in the core subjects.
1.0 : Matt Kohn reinforces the BS in BSU.  Understanding the teachings of the Prophets are easier to decipher than his ramblings.   Numerous homework problems were oblique, Matt confirmed they were confusing.  He did nothing to rectify this.  He also doesn't emphasize solving proble  What was left on a coat hanger in a back alley would be more competent.
1.0 : Mary has since upped that requirement to TWELVE HOURS a week! Also, the software will say that you've mastered 25 topics, and Mary's weekly goal for you was 25 topics. Seems like 25 out of 25 will get you a 100 percent... WRONG! I got 25 out of 25 and she gave me a 96 percent. Some algebra teacher she is! AVOID THIS CLASS AND THIS INSTRUCTOR!!!
2.0 : The Class is taken entirely online. Don't expect to interact with a professor, you interact with the Aleks software, not a professor. To get an A you need to do 8-10 hours a week of study and topics to reach 287 final topics. Then you must repeatedly do the test reviews before exams, exams are heavily graded. Do not take if you can't self learn.
2.0 : Do NOT take! She put in minimal effort. ALEKS software did all the teaching. Don't bother emailing her because her response will be rude and condescending. Only 3 tests, each 15 questions, sounds simple but if you miss only a couple questions then you've failed. Tests never seemed to align with lessons. Not willing to work with students!
1.0 : This gentleman is very arrogant, self-centered, and thinks extremely highly of himself. He is not approachable and this creates a tense and uncomfortable environment in his classes. I would not recommend him at all.
1.0 : So, every other previous person has said it right on.  He is so confusing about what he wants its crazy.  You have two big presentations and both are worth a large part of your grade.  The problem is he doesn't explain anything.  He expects you to know everything in the book and apply it all without his help.  He expects far too much.  Avoid!!!!
1.0 : Class time is spent presenting group case studies that could be individual assignments, the info needed to be presented in class to do well on the quizzes and group project is left to your own devices.  He thinks highly of himself and unless you think exactly like him he will tear into your analysis and presentations.  Avoid avoid avoid...
1.0 : Worst professor I have ever had. Extremely confusing, very very self centered. Talked about himself more than speaking about the class. He. Is. The. Worst.
1.0 : Professor was EXTREMELY confusing about project requirements and couldn't tell that a majority of the class had NO IDEA what he was talking about. Worst professor I have ever had.   If at all possible.. take this class from someone else. TRUST ME!
1.0 : An incompetent individual who does not possess the ability to teach.
1.0 : She is the worse teacher I've ever had...she's inconsiderate, rude, boring, and take points off for the stupidest things. I recommend NEVER getting this teacher!!!!
1.0 : Worst teacher ever!!!! Completely rude, tricks her students by adding questions never covered. AVOID!!!
1.0 : WORST LAB EVER!! Could have been really interesting if it wern't for the professor.  She talks down to students and is not helpful.  I've never seen someone so happy to take off points with NO explanation. Her grading system doesn't follow the syllabus and we can never tell what our real grade is.  NO NOT TAKE!
4.5 : She is very clear about her expectations the first day of class so take notes and figure out how to meet her expectations - she removes points any time you don't. Explains labs and calculations at beginning of lab - ask questions and she will answer them! I learned more in her lab than any other. If you are a self motivator you will enjoy this lab!
1.0 : Ginger was not a bad teacher, but she is a VERY tough grader with a lot of pet peeves that she doesn't really tell you about until it irritates her enough to dock you points for it. If you ask a stupid question get ready for humiliation! She'll email it to everyone! I did well in the class just by showing up and doing exactly what was expected
3.0 : She came off a little mean in the beginning but I learned to warm up to her. The class is very easy because you just follow the lab manual. She grades the lab manuals very hard though. Don't have enough observations? She docks you or if you forgot a picture she will dock you which made it really hard to keep an A.
3.0 : She knows what she is talking about, but she is a very tough grader. She is not very understanding of students who miss class even if for real reasons.
3.5 : Absolutely loved taking Geometry for Teachers from her. This class was incredibly difficult at times, but she was always available during office hours to help and offered many chances to make up missed points. Sometimes the tests could have been more clear, but at the end of the semester she gave a very fair grade.
1.5 : She understands math. That's obvious. Does she explain the subject well?  Not at all.  Tests are extremely tough.  Not a lot of homework, but even though that sounds nice, you won't be prepared for the tests.   If you want to pass math 257,
3.0 : Sasha is super sweet lady but is hard to understand when she talks fast with her accent. Ask a lot of questions and sit in the front or you'll get really distracted.
1.0 : You cant understand her with her accent and if you ask for help she has no idea what you are even asking. She will mark problems wrong that are correct and if you work with someone more than likely you guys will be marked wrong for different problems. One of you will get one problem right and the other persons is the same and wrong. NOT RECOMMENDED
1.0 : When you ask a question she will normally reply with "yes and no"making it way more confusing than it was before. Grades the way she thinks it should be done. If you mess up on one something as small as the wording, you lose the points. I asked a question and she dismissed it bc no one else raiser their hand when she asked who else struggled. ESL!!
4.0 : Sasha is an extremely nice woman and an excellent teacher. She not only is there for you when you need help, but she makes sure you know the material. She is flexible with office hours and makes sure you are paying attention in class. Sometimes she is hard to understand, but you get used to it and it isn't a problem. She grades tests harder than HW
1.0 : There is a huge language barrier here. She's difficult to understand and it gets in the way of learning. She's just not great at teaching this subject and you really have to teach yourself.
1.5 : She was very hard to understand, lectures were boring and she only demonstrated one method to doing a problem and if you didn't do it her way it was wrong. Tough grader and didn't really have a clear method on why you got so many points taken off.
3.0 : You only have to take this class as an Environmental Studies major...which is unfortunate because this class sucks. If you get the chance to take it from another professor you might have a better time than I did. Jennifer's content was very boring and didn't teach me much at all. The projects were pointless and were just a lot of busy work.
1.0 : Gary seems crazy and directions are clear as mud. BUT he knows exactly what he is doing and it is all calculated.You can't avoid him so embrace him. Good luck
1.5 : VERY confusing blackboard use. It was CHAOTIC, had to search for assignments/discussion boards, received 0s on stuff I had submitted/done. Put so much JUNK and links on BB made it very difficult to navigate. Material and projects take up A LOT of time (more than my senior seminar class!). I was getting a D and I'm an honor student.
1.0 : Not clear with her assignments. When I would email her to specify she would say "refer to the rubric" and send condescending  emails. She didn't even care to change the due dates on blackboard from last semester, so everything was "late." We were able to see the discussion board posts from students last semester because she didn't delete them.
1.0 : She is a horrible teacher, I was taking her for UF 300 online. She makes the material hard to find with too much going on while on blackboard. She doesn't take time to help you and will just refer you to reading blackboard that is bombarded with links and other junk she thinks is needed for this course. Horrible teacher, would not recommend.
1.0 : Her links, videos and tests weren't open or available at times.  She was not available for appointments.  She did not return all emails.  She was very unorganized.  She listed assignments in multiple places with different instructions.  She was very condescending with her feedback.  I will never take a class she is teaching again.
1.0 : Professor Vermette was condescending, confusing, and redundant. I would not recommend taking UF300 from her.
1.0 : This teacher is terrible. If she responded to emails she is condescending. Never gives clear instructions. Group project is the final and when my group members bailed she told me because I did not fulfill the group assignments I would not get the 250 points everyone else got. Posted multiple instructions contradicting each other. DO NOT TAKE!!!!!
2.0 : I just stopped going to class. Accent makes him hard to understand, and he just reads off his ppts, which go on Bb anyway! Any pop quizzes he mentions will be on Blackboard, not in class, with a LONG time to do them. Do the practice tests! He takes some questions from them. Allows 3x5 notecards on exams and 8.5x5.5 on final.
1.5 : Puvan goes through his lectures quickly, not really stopping to elaborate on any one topic. Forget about taking notes, I ended up with countless blank spots in my notebook because of how fast he goes through slides. He's good at explaining things, and writes on the board a lot, but it's hard to understand his accent if you're not paying attention.
1.0 : No need to go to class but I went always. It's very unclear and confusing. Tests aren't bad if you make the right cheat sheet. The class would be good for a self-motivated student that is good at learning on their own with no teacher help.
3.0 : I've heard some people here at Boise State complain about this professor. I didn't think he was that bad of a teacher, though. Usually people say he's hard to understand because of his accent but he does post all of the powerpoints he uses on blackboard. Also, for the tests in his class, you don't need to memorize specific constants or equations.
1.5 : Stopped going to class halfway through semester because it was pointless. All of his lecture materials are available through the textbook website. If you study the book and the website materials, and get a tutor as needed, you'll do fine without going to class. Form a study group!
1.0 : He was very unclear with explaining concepts and moves on very fast. He's also wrong fairly often. Do not choose his lecture if you have a choice.
1.0 : Fairly useless as a teacher - if you ask him for help, he either jumps to the problem without making sure you understand what leads up to that particular problem, or blatantly disregards you and tells you to read the chapters again. Strongly advise avoiding his class.
1.0 : Tests are on material that is not even talked about in lecture.
1.0 : Rude  Makes you feel stupid No respect
1.0 : Listening to his lectures was incredibly frustrating.  If you have no prior exposure to chemistry before coming to this class, be prepared to teach yourself everything, and I mean everything.  It doesn't help that BSU decided to forgo an LA in Chem 111, the CLC is a miserable place to try and get help.
1.0 : Worst teach my freshman year. His lectures put you to sleep. Unfortunately you have to go, as he has in class clicker questions worth 100 points this year. Be prepared to spend at least 2-3 days a week in the Chemistry help center, as you have to pretty much teach yourself all of the material. Avoid him if you can.
1.0 : Definitely a tough class. There is a language barrier here that makes working with the professor even harder: so I don't. My textbook was my best friend here. However, great practice problems that prepare you for the test. I don't recommend this professor but if you have to, get ready to work for that A.
1.0 : He is very hard to understand. Stopped going to class as it was pointless, not only because he can't be understood but he would get things wrong and confuse everyone. He reads from the powerpoints. Tests are only 50 minutes, so be ready to solve problems quick. Do not take him if you can help it. I am paying 30$ and hour just to pass his class.
2.0 : Hard to understand but class was pointless anyways.  He posts his lectures on blackboard and gives practice tests.  His real tests are straight from the practice ones.  If you are ok with reading the chapters yourself and spending time doing the practice tests, its an easy A.
1.0 : I have all A's in science classes and Puvan was the first professor I had to bust my butt to get an A-. He has a hard time explaining himself and in lectures he finds himself making mistakes while teaching. If you take this class expect to spend HOURS in the chemistry tutoring lab. This is what helped me!
1.0 : Professor was unable to understand or answer basic questions.
5.0 : Professor is helpful, great at giving examples. His homework assignments are reasonable with extra credit and way shorter that the other chem classes I have taken. His tests are balanced between calculations and other questions that do not require calculation which is great if math gives you anxiety. His tests average  30 questions. Great class.
1.0 : Professor makes coming to class pointless. He only reads from his PowerPoint, which is already online. He does not engage with the students. When asked question, he glazes over the answer without making sure it is understood. Avoid this teacher at all costs. He is NOT worth it.
1.0 : Reads from powerpoint which is posted online. Does not answer questions thoroughly. The language barrier makes understanding him very difficult and the notes are posted online so actually attending the lecture is pointless. Be prepared to teach yourself from the textbook if you have this instructor.
3.5 : Go to class and do the homework and you'll be fine. If you study for tests you'll get an A. Lectures can be boring but everything you will need on the tests can be found in his lectures, which he posts on blackboard.
3.0 : Puvan can be difficult to understand, but if you go to lecture and do the Mastering Chemistry homework you will do fine. He is always willing to help students who have a difficult time (I was retaking this class and went from a D to an A)
1.0 : I only went to class 3 times, not including exams, he is very hard to understand and the lectures are dry and he moves very quickly through them. Not a good professor especially for people who have never taken Chem before.
1.0 : This professor knows what he is talking about but is bad at teaching it. He is hard to understand because of his accent and when working out problems he doesn't show his conversions so a lot of time you are trying to figure out where he got most of his numbers from. His hand writing is also very hard to read.
1.0 : Very hard to understand, he did post his lecture on bb.But in class about 80% of the time he would do problems incorrect on the board, would not fully answer question asked during lecture. Very much a self-taught class. His "practice problems" given prior to exam, were nothing like what he put on the exam. He's a horrible prof, don't take his class
1.0 : There is a serious language barrier with Puvan. Many times he does not understand the questions being asked of him, so he does not answer correctly. If you take the class from him, expect to do the majority of learning on your own.
1.0 : If you take chemistry with Puvan,expect to learn on your own. Overall the material is easy but if you need to learn from lecture don't take him His lectures consist of reading PP word for word which he puts online anyways,why i went to class 4 times He does want people to pass however,so if you've taken chem in hs/can teach yourself you'll do well.
1.0 : Worst teacher ever. Hard to understand. Going to class was pointless and boring as all he did was read slides. One lecture he even got confused with Chem 112 and caught himself halfway through class! Plan on learning on your own. The Clutchprep videos saved me from failing. If at all possible do not take this professor. He should not be teaching.
1.0 : Worst teacher ever. Hard to understand. Going to class was pointless and boring as all he did was read slides. One lecture he even got confused with Chem 112 and caught himself halfway through class! Plan on learning on your own. The Clutchprep videos saved me from failing. If at all possible do not take this professor.
3.0 : Here's the thing about Puvan: He is a new teacher with a thick accent that you can warm up to in about a week. Show up to class. Go to the tutoring center. Ask him specific questions from lecture right after class and you'll do fine. Everyone freaks out about him but he is actually not that bad. He even made some concepts clearer for me.
2.5 : Puvan's teaching ability is mediocre, not bad  but definitely not good. He doesn't bring anything special to the class, so you can teach yourself the material and do great on all the exams. Take advantage of the practice exams he gives before each exam. They closely resemble his exams. If you can't teach yourself well, choose another professor.
1.0 : AVOID AT ALL COST! If you are not capable of teaching yourself do not take his class. Lectures are pointless to go to. The study guides are very helpful, study them they are almost the test!
1.0 : Extremely hard to understand. Terrible teacher, expects you to know everything already. If you ask questions he will try to make you feel stupid. Feels more like he became a teacher to show people he was smart rather than to teach.
2.0 : Puvan is very intelligent, but doesn't know how to teach at an undergraduate level. He would brush off questions during lecture so he didn't have to explain them. I passed because of homework (chegg) and participation. I didn't understand the topics (got a C+ in lecture (my first ever), A in lab. Pretty sure he doesn't teach anymore thank goodness.
2.5 : I didn't have a problem understanding his accent. He went through lessons fast and didn't explain all that well. I went to the tutoring center almost 3 days a week to understand. I had to teach myself all the material through the book, and his lectures go directly by the book. Classes aren't mandatory if you're willing to teach yourself.
1.0 : Lousy teacher. Lecture is difficult, he has a thick accent and his powerpoints are full of errors. Uses Maseringhemistry and testing center.  Multiple incorrect test questions. Very frustrating on a timed test and all choices are wrong. Not fun and chemistry is fun. Should be able to skip class teach yourself from the book and get decent grade.
1.0 : I straight up hate this dude. I'm pretty sure he's sexist. He is rude. GRRR  (but his class is easy if you show up and do the work)
3.0 : Puvan knows what he is talking about. However, he has trouble conveying what some concepts mean. He also has trouble answering questions that students ask. He expects you to have knowledge of chemistry before you take his class. His tests are usually based of practice problems he gives you. His homework can be very time comsuming
2.0 : Because of his accent, he can be very hard to understand.  This seems to be the biggest problem me and other students dealt with.  He is nice, funny, and helpful when you ask for help.  During most lab session he would come unprepared and have to read my lab manual to know what we were doing and how to help us.
2.0 : Crazy hard tests! Puvan offers a study guide--study it! Homework took me an average of 10 hours a week to complete. I really appreciated the extra credit opportunities, without them I wouldn't have passed the class. I had a hard time understanding lectures but I do think that Puvan is trying to modify his teaching style so more students pass.
2.5 : Only went to lecture five times all semester and ended with a high B in the class. All powerpoint are posted online so no reason to go. He doesn't take attendance and there was only one pop quiz which you could use anything to answer it. Tests aren't that hard either. Never touched my textbook!
2.0 : This professor was hard to understand in the lectures. He took exactly what the textbook said and just put that on a powerpoint for his lectures. He is very smart, but doesn't seem like he knows how to teach his students very well.
1.0 : Plan on doing all the work yourself. Class project was a joke, and trust me, you will NOT get any help from her if you ask.
1.5 : Attendance is required, prof refuses to post notes. Hand writes notes using projector but pace is extremely FAST. However she does give a decent number of examples.. problem..they aren't always relevant to homework assigned. Extremely difficult to get assistance outside of lecture, even during office hours!!! Semester project is not productive.
1.5 : Prof is a horrible online instructor!  Does not respond to grades, questions, or post things in a timely manner, is very unorganized, and does not give much help!  Be prepared to figure it out on your own, go to the tutor lab, and look at a LOT of youtube videos to help you.  Online program is not awesome and the textbook is confusing.
1.5 : She total does want her student to help understand the class material. We ask her and she keeps on saying no. Based upon what I have seen she doesnt have sympathy for international students and domestic students. At last her handwriting is not clear on the board.
1.0 : avoid her class well you can trust me she doesnt really like her student. the number of student kept on going down becuase she didnt really care about her students
1.0 : I would say just avoid her class because it's really terrible.
2.0 : I thought kat was on the strict side compared to most teachers, I don't disagree with the comments made about her but I think those were a tiny bit exaggerated, but mostly true. I thought she was really unfair no the test (least for me). And I think she has a short fuse, she got mad at me couple times unnecessarily, I felt like she hated me a bit.
1.0 : She is the ABSOLUTE worst math teacher I have ever had. I've only been in her class a week and I'm a pretty intelligent, decent student and I'm already considering dropping because she has no concept on how to teach. I feel so bad to say this, but she almost seems mentally slow at times. She's a nice person. Just not a capable teacher.
1.0 : Easily the worst math teacher I've ever had. She's extremely rude and unhelpful, doesn' teach the class at all and relies on the mlc to do it for her. Avoid this teacher at all costs.
1.0 : You have to do 10 hours of online homework a week on ALEKS. On tuesdays, you listen to her lecture and on thursdays we worked in computer lab. She is not very friendly, doesnt seem to enjoy her job, and gets mad when people didnt participate. Would not recommend taking math 143 with her
1.0 : Correction: actually 6 hours of homework a week. Still a lot of you are a full time student
1.0 : Kat is not too great. I had her for Math 144 which is mostly Aleks, however when students had questions in class there were many occasions when Kat did not even know the material herself and could not explain things. She was also rude to students at times. I would not reccomend.
2.0 : She does not help very much in class and relies on the Math center and ALEKS to teach you the work. Each day will either be a MLC based class where you print off a packet and spend the class working on it with little to no help or it will be an ALEKS day where class is spent in a computer lab working on the online program that is teaching you math.
1.0 : I took her for 144(could only select 143)and this class was easy for me luckily because I have taken before, but to anyone who hasnt I feel bad for because she truly doesnt really know the material that well. On our Thursdays where we did our notes I found myself helping a lot of the students around me. Also she can be kind of rude at times.
1.0 : Not a good prof. Does not know how to teach. Math department needs to do better all around.
1.0 : Overall Professor Isaacson was the worst math teacher I have ever had. I spent a lot of time in the tutoring lab because she would refuse to help me. I asked her for help on a couple problems a week before the final in class and she said "Has anyone ever told you, you mumble because you do" and then she walked away. I would avoid taking her class!
1.0 : She was the worst math teacher I've ever had. She refuses to help you outside of class and tells you to go to the math lab. She doesn't email you back or even show any interest in helping. At least 6 hours a week of math. Defiantly avoid taking this class.  I've always done good in math except I got a bad grade in this one.
1.0 : Would not recommend her. A sub came in for class and I learned more from them than Issacson the entire semester. The final was not even close to the study guide online. Attendance is 4% of the grade.
1.0 : Michael has unclear expectations and micro manages group projects. His quizzes are poorly written and no one ever gets an A.
1.5 : His instructions were very unclear for exams and projects. Tended to take over in-class student projects to do it himself. Didn't lecture, but quizzed on random things. Much of class time wasted. Ego-centric and not concerned about teaching. Read book assignments for quizzes, show up to class and don't expect to learn too much and you'll be fine.
1.0 : I asked for help because I didn't understand the course work. Instead of helping me he kept telling me to read the course work. If I understood, I wouldn't need help. I have not had a teacher in all my years of school that didn't seem to want their students to learn. 2 unit class that should be a 5 unit class.
1.5 : Professor isn't very helpful when you bring up concerning matters. Very straight forward. When there is uncertainty the professor just re-reads the already unclear information AND expects you to figure it out on your own. I was disappointed with this professor.
2.0 : Take Mr Roberts class if you to want experience working in respiratory research, for an unpopular boss. Assignments require 5-7 hours a week.  You may spend half the semester trying to get answers to common questions.  The process closely resembles stumbling over an obstacle course or a night shift job.
2.5 : I have taken many courses over the years and never in my time in academia have I come across someone as self-righteous/ infuriating! I had him for two courses over the summer and I seriously considered leaving the program. He grades on some unclear guideline. I don't have enough remaining characters to tell you how I really feel, but stay away!
1.0 : All of the other opinions on here accurately reflect what a hell hole of a class it is, and how awful it is to have him as an instructor. Would never recommend him, sadly he teaches two of the mandatory classes that I had to take. Good luck.
3.5 : ONLY expect a good fair grade after he goes on hiatus, otherwise you won't get the grade you had hoped for.  His test are lectures over material you covered 3+weeks ago.  MAJOR reading assignments and very boring material.  GET READY TO READ a LOT!!!!!! If you have a choice to take someone else then do
2.0 : She makes way too many corny jokes and does not even come close to helping you prepare for a test and the material on the test has questions that are not taught during lecture. It is extremely difficult to keep up with ALEKS and it never aligns very well. Would not recommend.
1.0 : She never was available to help students thoroughly. I always felt like a pest when approaching her, so I felt like it was more my fault for not knowing the material. She was very difficult to follow during lectures and sometimes when on bunny trails to the point where i sometimes didn't know at all what she was talking about.
1.0 : She's all over the place and is very confusing. I've taken chem before and did really well but I transferred schools and it didn't transfer over so I had to retake it and she honestly teaches things so confusingly and its a 101 class and she goes at a 111 class.
4.0 : Kristine Sligar makes learning chemistry fun! She's really funny and really approachable. She really explains things well and is an overall great prof.
1.0 : Gives extra credit but doesn't specify where to submit them (will not accept electronic submissions). Talks super fast in lectures, she ends up confusing herself and will confuse you. Gives you homework and practice tests, but the tests don't contain the material she gave you to study from.
1.0 : Often received "google it" as answer whenever someone asked for assistance on concepts/homework. Seemed to get annoyed with students easily when we asked for additional help/clarification. Chem is not easy and this professor did not foster my learning near what I expected.
1.0 : Tests are nothing like the practice tests, and she will not grade on a curve even when the class average is very low. She can be very unfair with grading and can be super unorganized, which makes the information presented very hard to understand.
2.0 : Even though it's only chem 101 I definitely had to work for it. She doesn't cover all material in her lectures for tests and isn't very available to students outside of the classroom. She's very unorganized and all over the place. She can be pretty funny at times though.
2.0 : She doesn't give back labs or assignments for months so you cannot adjust, she doesn't give a clear indication of what she wants then penalizes you for it. Make sure that in your write ups you touch on everything for the case studies you will be docked if you dont hit everything from the chapters. Show up, study, do homework you'll pass.
2.0 : Her grading criteria was not clear at all. This made moments of me feeling inadequate and discouraged occur all too often. Studying hard will only get you so far. At the beginning of the semester, ask for clear expectations for the course. Note: She will knock points off if you are one minute late.
2.0 : Worst experience with a professor at BSU. Does not give out power point, study guide, or any other sort of study material. You are on your own!!! Contradict the book consistently. However when you ask a question she cannot answer it on her own she has to looks it up in the book. If possible take coarse through a cc or other university.
2.0 : I feel like Petranek made this class more confusing than it needed to be.  Quite a few times she would go into describing something, and then realize she was mixing up the definition with another term, or would contradict herself on something she had already said.  She also did not do well at getting things graded in a reasonable amount of time.
2.0 : Rob is a tough grader. I'm not sure about everyone else in the class but I was confused on some lectures. I don't want to make him sound bad but he did lock a student out for being 10 minutes late. I don't want to say he's a total jerk, however some things such as lab rules he's very "particular" about.
2.5 : I had Carmen this semester and she was actually really great! She is tough but she is also very reasonable and works with her students to make everything work out smoothly! I would take a class with her again easily!
1.0 : Do not take Carmen. She is a terrible instructor. You can tell that she is very intelligent but she doesn't know how to share her knowledge with you. She wants one thing and says another and she's all over the place. I also got all A's this semester besides her class; C-. Bottom line, do not take her or you'll regret it.
2.5 : Wasn't really that helpful, but the course is super easy. Seemed to never answer a question completely, very ambiguous. She is nice and not too tough of a grader though.
1.5 : She was one of the worst teachers I have ever had in college. She isn't comprehensive and had no clue what she was doing in class. The first test was a disaster and almost everyone failed it. I would never recommend this teacher to anyone, she is way too obsessed in trying to get respect from the students, but in the end she didn't get it anyway.
1.0 : Blehhhh. I enjoy this topic and still found myself bored out of my skull consistently during lectures. She is a kind person and really strives to be a good teacher, but I don't think she reads students well. The tests are cumulative and pretty ridiculous, especially for a 100 level. Wouldn't suggest this as "an easy A" type class!
2.0 : She is a hard teacher and test are hard. she expects you to get it or fail. got to be in class no matter what. she does not give extra credit or good notes or lectures.
3.0 : The worst class I've had in my college experience. I disliked this professor for several reasons. She does not believe in study guides and the test questions are unreasonably hard for a 100 level class. She doesn't lecture at all. All group assignments. Got upset with our class for poor grades on tests instead of reevaluating her teaching method.
1.5 : He takes things way too seriously and grades way too harshly. Sometimes he even counts your points wrong so you better be ready to read over your corrected papers and dispute your real grade to get the full points.
1.0 : He was very generic in the assignment description and graded them very specifically. Extremely hard to work with and unreasonable expectations when it comes to perfect writing. I recommend another professor.
1.0 : Grades way too harshly
2.5 : What a joke of a class, Civic and Ethical Foundations. We talked about 4 weeks about ethics, then she turned it into an English class.  She told us how great of an essay writer she was.  Her grading is not clear at all, takes for ever to get papers back. With 3 weeks left there was only 300 out of 1000 points posted for our grade. Would stay away.
1.0 : Worst class ever, I love this subject and she made it incredibly boring. She looked down on the class assuming that we had no prior knowledge and treated us like children.
1.5 : Basically another English class, makes you write essays on everything. Take another UF 200 professor.
1.0 : The class was through the ALEKS program but the professor was unable to clearly answer any of the questions I had. He was an unfair grader and things were never graded on time. The final and the midterm were not what the review said they would be and so everyone struggled with the class. You had to go to class even though he didn't teach.
1.0 : Oh my word. Old Terry Bear is that distant great grandpa you have to visit once or twice a year who just keeps rambling on and on with no signs of ever stopping.  It takes about an entire hour for him to finally begin instruction on completing the lab and even then by the time he's finished you've only just woken up from a deep, dark, bored coma.
2.0 : During the semester he took an unbelievably long time (1-1.5hours) during the beginning of the lab, to lecture nonsensically about the daily activity. He is oblivious to the lack of enthusiasm from students, and went on for what felt like an eternity.   Helpful, but after a lecture that long/dry, I'd be surprised if people sought his assistance.
1.0 : Spent an hour of lab lecturing irrelevant things about physics.
2.5 : Terrence was one of the easiest professors and teachers I have ever taken. Simply put, as long as you attend his lab you'll pass with an A. The only issue is, as others have stated, he tends to ramble on longer than necessary at the beginning of lab. However, my group and I still got our labs done in an hour anyways, so we still got out early.
1.5 : She is a nut job.  She goes back and fourth on what she wants you to do, and makes stuff up about what she was "trying" to say.  Dont take her class.  She doesnt do well with getting back to anyone.  Whole grade is about a 50+ page project.
3.0 : Good professor, sucky required course.
1.0 : This class could have been a lot more fun if taught by a different instructor.  She gives a lot of harsh and negative feedback on assignments and she really assigns a LOT of busywork.  She expects you to meet with your group outside of class a lot (even though its an online class).  If you have to take this class, I suggest a different teacher.
1.5 : So I was the group leader for my signature assignment (everyone has to do one for UF300).  I had a really difficult time with the feedback.  It took several tries before I got clear enough feedback to make improvements on our paper.  She did, however, meet with me in person about it and it made the project easier to understand.
2.0 : Took this prof for a workshop this weekend. 1st workshop where I had a quiz group project and 7 page paper for 1! yes 1 credit.  Says there will be some fun stuff but really you just listen to her talk the whole time.  Towards the end she seemed frustrated because no one understood her less than helpful instructions for assignments.
2.0 : Her first time teaching yet students taught the class with 2 presentations requiring a great deal of work, Several guest speakers, difficult tests and a lot of writing for little rewards in points. Lectures were uninspiring and almost verbatim. Would hope that this class goes to and online format next time as it really could have been this time.
1.0 : First time I have ever failed a class. If your code ran fine and worked he would still find ways to take off points. There is a lot of book work. If you can avoid this professor I strongly recommend it. There are also a lot of issues with visual studios and how he uses it. Thankfully coding is not this bad just a bad professor.
1.0 : He will find random things to take points off your program. This class should be an online class as you will learn more from the online textbook than from him. There will be stuff on the quizzes that you will not cover for another two weeks. He has trouble communicating with other humans, he pretty much speaks code.
2.0 : Took 7 points off a programming project because one word was misspelled. Overall his grading doesn't make sense. If your program works he will just find random stuff to deduct points from just because he wants to. The tests aren't bad. Not good at admitting when he has made a mistake and always replies passive aggressively to any emails.
1.0 : This teacher does not know how to explain things very clearly and he does it in a very confusing and fast way. He does not care to offer help to students and seems very unenthusiastic towards teaching. I do not recommend him.
1.0 : Usually I am very good at understanding math from teachers but Mintaek just made me get confused about things I thought I already understood. His lectures were worthless but I had to go because of mandatory attendance. He would say "I don't know"  a lot of the times I would ask questions and then just walk away.
4.0 : Mintaek is a graduate student teaching the lower level math classes. Main part of this course involve using Aleks for homework and learning but if you got stuck on a topic he is there to help. When he does teach class for example lesson on topics we are all struggling on he is very helpful and is hilarious. I would recommend taking this class.
1.0 : He assigned six books for required reading and we never once used them. His classes were disorganized rambling, with only one graded assignment at the end of term. Automatic A grade, not challenging, no structure.
2.0 : She is very easy going and seems to enjoy teaching. Her classes are easy A's, and if you show up you'll pass. There wasn't a midterm or final; just quizzes and papers. You did need the book to pass the quizzes.
1.0 : If you enjoy frequent and last minute Project changes,  giving presentations on every program,  and a lot of outside studying on course concepts, this is the course for you. Otherwise, take it in the Spring with Smith.
2.0 : The lectures are difficult to pay attention to due to the rather unorganized and unenthusiastic way it's presented.   The programs (worth 80% of your grade) are changed on you as you go. And every program is followed up by a presentation where every group had to take 10 minutes to say exactly the same thing as the previous groups.  Avoid.
1.0 : Lectures are dull, material is kind of interesting but often harped on too much until you are begging for something new to talk about. Your grade basically depends on group projects. Say goodbye to free time because  the 2-3 week long assignments will take you 60+ hours each. Steer clear at all costs.
2.0 : Arvin is mostly knowledgeable in the Statics field, but he's not a statics professor. He often gets stuck on homework problems when we ask questions. 9.5/10 would recommend trying to get a different professor
1.0 : Dr. Farid knows statics. Dr. Farid cannot teach statics. Very set in his way of teaching, and blames students for not understanding problems for lack of reading. Homework is needlessly difficult and does not well reflect the material learned in class.  DO NOT take statics from Dr. Farid.
1.0 : If you have a question he will repeat what he said but only louder. If the entire class does not say they understand he will not move on. The class itself is not a hard one and you can learn the material just by looking at the powerpoint.
1.0 : Dr. Farid has experience and knows statics, he however cannot teach it. He tends to point out students who have problems or ask questions and the homework in no way reflects the test. The first test of the class had an average of 53% ... my lesson from this class is civil engineers are insane or I am unlucky.
1.0 : You can tell he understands the material, but he does not know how to teach. Homework is much harder than anything we covered in class and his exams are even harder. I've learned more from searching online than I have from him. He often spends the whole class time doing one problem without really explaining what he is doing. Avoid him if possible.
1.0 : Likes to hear his own voice when teaching. Homework is off pace with lecture and tests. Wants to see the best students get ahead, rather than bring the entire class along. He definitely knows statics, but he does not know how to get you to know it. Most disappointing class at BSU to date. He even took off a week towards the beginning of class!
1.0 : His lectures consist of him reading from a PowerPoint, getting halfway through the example then changing variables, make students do calculations for him, gets lost in his own work, doesn't explain what he is doing. At the end if his example ouputs weird numbers, he tells the class to fix it on our own time. On the first exam the average was 49.93%
1.0 : He understands statics, but cannot teach the material. The way he lectures is confusing and unorganized. He gets frustrated with the class if we don't understand what he is doing. He quickly goes through some examples, but doesn't really explain how to do the problem. I have learned more from google. The homework is harder than anything in class.
3.0 : I would've given Farid a 2 if he didn't show some support when you asked him questions. Overall he moves through material very fast in what is already a challenging course. Although I thought his tests were fair, I have heard much better things about other statics professors at Boise State and would recommend looking to get one of them first.
1.0 : In every case, if you have a question, he makes you go to the board to work it out in front of the whole class. When he finishes a topic and asks the class if they understand, any dissenters are put on the spot so he can figure out why. Instead of increasing our understanding, his method tends to make people say they understand, when they don't.
1.0 : Hardest class I have taken at Boise State to date, and not because of the material. Tests and homework will be only a couple questions but extremely difficult. He had to curve final grades in the class because so many people failed. He gives extra credit for pointless stuff like talents instead of actually helping people get good grades be learning
1.0 : Do not take this class with this professor. I repeat, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH THIS PROFESSOR. I can guarantee you won't pass, not only because the subject matter is difficult, but because Mr. Williams does NOTHING to help if you're confused. He literally didn't teach me anything that made sense; he made it all very confusing.
1.5 : Unless you go out of your way to read the content, you will not be able to pass. The material is confusing but Robin Williams offers no help and only makes the class even more confusing.
1.0 : Jumps around a bunch during her lectures making it  hard to follow or take notes. Homework assignments are busy work, and tests are basically a memory game of vocabulary words. Can seem nice sometimes, but can come off rude/ unsympathetic when you talk to her. Focuses the class on memorizing com. vocab. and  contains very little communication.
1.0 : She does not really know what she is talking about, nor does she know how to teach.  She does not use blackboard and is very hard to get into contact with.  Jumps around during pointless lectures that lead to BS busy work assignments that she grades on a hard scale.  Did not tell us our grade of a major group speeches going into the final.
1.0 : She doesn't use bb which makes it hard to know your grade.  The tests are bs as well as the lectures.  Don't even bother taking this class.
1.0 : Seems nice at first but is actually kinda mean when you talk to her personally. Basically have to teach yourself for the tests because her "lectures" are pointless and she goes way to fast to even write things down. Gives little to no explanation on  almost all assignments and is very unclear. Also a pretty harsh grader.
1.5 : Dana doesn't respond to emails and does not give out clear instructions. She is an easy grader and is really nice. She gives you good information but you have to do it by yourself. Attendance doesn't matter for points but you will be even more confused if you miss. There are 2 online open note tests and 3 quizzes. Offers extra credit.
1.0 : This class should have taught me something. Instead, all she ever lectured about was her life, and what she accomplished.  If only she could save that for her therapist and do her job... Stow the personal stuff and teach.  Be a professional and help your students learn.  It's clear to see that she should not be an educator.
1.0 : Asked for help because I didn't understand instructions. I was told to read the course work. If I understood I wouldn't need help. He was no help at all. I was very disappointed since I have not had a teacher that didn't want their students to learn. Hopefully I can take class with another teacher in future. A 2 unit course that should be 5 units.
2.0 : She holds each class as a straight lecture with very few things that you can actually take notes on and if you don't complete the reading you cannot follow along. She uses difficult language sometimes that makes it harder to follow along. The tests have no study guide and you are given very little direction to what will be on the tests.
1.0 : By far the worst teacher I have had in my 3 years at BSU. He tries to be one of the "cool" people with his students. Is disrespectful and have the time when I asked for help, he truly did not know the right answer. One time he gave me the answer and ALEKS said it was wrong. When I told him, he just was like "um, ya I don't know." DO NOT TAKE HIM!
1.0 : Be ready to dedicate all of your time to class. PrepU assignments are a nightmare, you need to reach level 6 and even after getting 100% on a 20min quiz it wont move you up.  Also in the same week you have an exam, she has discussion boards,  quizzes and 3-4 PrepU assignments due. She doesn't really teach, but I supposed thats due to being online
5.0 : Jennifer is a medical student on top of a professor. She teaches a ton of sections of many different classes so she has her hands full. With that said, this class is a lot of busy work. It is worth 4 credits without a lab so that's expected. Grading takes awhile. This class is insanely easy. I put less than 3 hours of my time into it every week.
2.0 : If you want a professor that isn't present at all this is your gal. She took 3 weeks to respond to a very important matter and still didn't resolve the issue. She never interjects within the class and takes weeks to post grades. She is busy, perhaps too busy to care about her students.
1.0 : For future employers and future students alike, I would highly not recommend this professor. I have not experienced a more non-empathetic and un-flexible person. She is an uncaring person who could care less about the lives of her students.
1.0 : I wish this professor was more active with her students. I think she is a nice person but perhaps has too much on her plate to give students the attention they need. I felt very much on my own in this course.
1.0 : A bright guy, but nonetheless the worst instructor I've ever had. No help sessions, unclear and frustrating lectures. Exam problems were nearly all identical to homework problems for the first three midterms, but the final was completely different--structured like none of us had ever seen. Avoid if you don't want to have wasted your time.
1.0 : 1st day, within ten minutes, he begins to start solving problems on the board, while calmly talking about what he's doing under his breath. There was no introduction to material. Every day consists of coming in and watching him do probability problems with no real guidance. It's fast paced, one problem after the next. It's the worst I've ever had.
1.0 : If you are thinking about taking this class online, DON"T. There is an impossible amount of work for a 3 credit 100 level class. He expects way too much  for the assignments. Each week we have to read, complete 10 study questions each 200 words, be active in the discussion, write a 300 word blog, a 200 word journal, and an exam.
1.0 : Awful experience. Took a class during the summer and what a bummer! This professor taught about Seinfeld. It sounded good for 1 extra credit that I needed. He lectures to hear himself speak. Very uncaring and irrelevant instruction. I would not recommend this professor.
1.0 : No tests, just quizzes but he loves to give trick questions to get students. If he makes a mistake for quiz, he will simply tell the class that they should have used their engineering instincts to figure out that they should not have followed the book rules. If possible avoid him at ALL COST, otherwise be ready to work real hard.
1.0 : This woman is rude and condescending. She likes to belittle you as if you are a zero. She most definitely does not represent the Social Work code of ethics nor social workers in general.
1.0 : This teacher makes my blood boil. I initially took this class because the other was full. She doesn't explain certain things and if she does its only once at the begging of the semester. She thinks that just because she owns her own practice that she walks on water. She seems very two-faced. Take any other teacher for a course that she teaches!
3.0 : You can tell he is very intelligent and  knowledgeable about politics. You can ask him questions about anything and he has some kind of insight. With that being said he does just talk at the class, though he does encourage class discussion, it is hard to tell what is digression and what is actual test material. Taking notes is a challenge.
1.0 : He talks the entire class, doesn't have power points to take notes off of. Be prepared to just sit there and listen. And are required to read hundreds of pages a week for this guy.
1.0 : Craig is the worst professor I've encountered at Boise State. He tests way to much, is unclear on what will be on the test and then puts things that we haven't even covered on the tests. It felt like Advanced accounting. He repeats himself a lot. Lectures are long, but if you skip, you might miss something important. He isn't even a prof. DONT TAKE
1.0 : This professor was rediculous. He changes his mind constantly about what will be graded and what we are doing. There's an intense test (like a final) every week. The tests are confusing because he makes up the problems and many never make sense. He is very unclear and can't answer any question straight. Don't take!!!!!
2.0 : good
4.0 : I thought it was a good class. I took it online, and although it was difficult, I could tell he had a lot of time to perfect things. What I liked most about this class, everything that I was expected to learn was taught. There were no tricks or useless side tracks, everything he taught would appear on the quizzes and exams.
1.0 : Never thought this class would be so hard, and it shouldn't be hard but Tom makes it miserable for you. I took the class online which was a mistake. His exams and quizzes are ridiculously hard. you have to spend a lot of time doing quizzes for this online course but at the end it only worth 60 points in you overall score. Not recommended.
1.0 : Keeping it short do whatever you can to take SCM with someone else. Tests contain all points and makes this class a living hell. I asked around with other students and they all say the same thing.
2.0 : Some classes were interesting, and I learned some things. However, most were boring. Professor Norton was very accommodating and flexible. There are really only 3 things you are graded on. Attendance, 2 papers with DB responses, and a presentation at the end of the semester. The book is not an actual text book and only costs about $10.
1.0 : Gets annoyed easily by questions, sounds like he is insulting students that asked the question with the answer, covers common things non-stop without mentioning the uncommon only to include both on a test then blame the students for low test scores.  Unfortunately, only prof. for required classes. Just be ready for a bad time. Should get ok grades.
3.0 : Mark's class doesn't cover easy material as it is, so be ready for confusing topics. The homework covers a lot of material fairly well so make sure to do it. The tests can have questions that are similar to the homework and others that were never seen before. Don't bother asking Mark any questions in class though, you won't get a helpful answer.
2.0 : I hate EE because of this teacher. Syllabus says one thing, he says another. Exam on dead week. If you ask questions, expect to feel stupid. "this is easy" kind of teacher. Expects you to know the material perfectly and constantly messes up during lecture. Too into himself. No other choices. Best things are that he allows cheat sheets on all tests
1.0 : Anderson would be a solid professor if professors didn't have to: Understand the material they taught, lecture, answer questions, write tests, grade material, talk to students, or show up. He doesn't understand C at ALL (His assembly is OK). He misunderstands most questions, and is often rude to students. Overall, extremely poor.
1.0 : Professor will not answer your questions. Instead, he will say that it "should be easy" or "we've already gone over this many times". He planned a test during dead week. His tests and quizzes always had mistakes in the questions, or multiple correct answers. When I said I was struggling I was just asked what my major was, and then he said "oh ok".
2.0 : Mark was a very tough grader and feedback-giver. He treated a lot of students in a condescending fashion, including myself. Instead of providing constructive criticism, he would make remarks that made you feel stupid. Lectures are boring, half the time he plays videos made by other professors. Make sure to attend class!
2.0 : She gave vague rubrics and pulled grades based on the rubrics out of nowhere. Such a tough grades r and you never knew what she wanted. This class was awful Lecture related to nothing. No discussion. Boring information. HARD GRADER on group project. To many group projects going on at one time. Group projects are basically your grade.
1.0 : Her rubrics mean nothing, she gives you grade based on whether or not she like it. It was an intellectually challenging course and she is indeed smart and a genius in her area, however, teaching might not be her expertise. Your course work basically has to be exactly how she wants it, to get a good grade, easy, just meet her expectations, literally
1.0 : When handing out details for assignments, not enough direction was given for what to do. She expects highly technical work and writing from the students, but does not teach how to write technically. She expects more than what she tells you to expect.
1.0 : I definitely would not recommend this course or take this class again. Llewellyn was not vary receptive of feedback even if she asked for it. The material was dense and she made no efforts to take more time to explain. Also it seems like the only way to pass was to go to her office hours for group projects/papers. Otherwise, expect a VERY low grade
3.0 : I'm going to be the outlier here and say she is an amazing professor. She is a tough grader with good intentions that I may never know but that's okay.
1.0 : This is probably the worst class I have ever taken. He expects the students to make lesson plan, even though we do not know what we need to learn. I have learned absolutely nothing. Only 4 or 5 people show up to class when there are about 20 enrolled. We learn nothing, and he admits that he does not know what he is doing. Avoid at all costs.
1.0 : Very poorly organized. Assignments were not clear.
2.0 : So, she never really lectured... so when it came time to tests it was REALLY hard. Study more than you think will be necessary. And even then, study some more. Definitely get the book, it's the only way to pass decently. She's a nice human though.
3.0 : This class (Northern Renaissance) requires a lot of dedication and work to get a good grade. I haven't studies this hard for anything in my entire college career. Also, there was quite a bit of writing involved. Yet I also learned a whole lot in this class, and Prof. Hunt knows her field. I'd take her again, but only if I had a light semester.
1.0 : So. Boring.
2.0 : Professors Hunt has great knowledge of the subject, but tends to drone on, unnecessarily elaborating on aspects of a work. All art history lectures are heavy, but Hunt's aren't so engaging apart from the days where she holds surprise pop quizzes, or "pop sketches". Tests go deeper than what is said in the book, do you must pay attention in class
2.0 : She's nice but is sometimes disrespectful of others' beliefs--when talking of Christian art, she's a bit insensitive
1.0 : Rude. She forces students on computers to the back of the huge lecture hall. If she suspects you doing something other than writing notes, she'll either call you out or come up and talk to you after class. No phones period. Takes her job way too seriously and laughs at her own comments when it's not even funny. and she says "draw-wing" all the time
4.0 : Interesting lectures.  Pop quizzes were fun but really just a way to take attendance.  I thought she was condescending.  Sometimes, when I asked her questions outside of class, I thought she talked to me like I was beneath her.  She gives ample opportunity to earn extra credit and gives warning of pop quizzes.  Study guides were well prepared.
1.0 : Most boring professor I've ever had, is rude, and thinks too highly of her teaching. She gives pop quizzes left and right just so you will come listen to her lectures.
2.0 : Dr. Hunt seems very involved with the subject. I do feel that she is well versed in arthist., but I sometimes couldn't help but think that she was too critical of students. Pop quizzes were graded quite harshly. She isn't compassionate at all-very condescending
1.0 : The worst teacher I've ever had. Vos humiliates students often, refuses to lecture because you should have read the book, doesn't take feedback well, expects you to know the material without ever going over it, doesn't curve tests, refuses to help in understanding until you have read the entire chapter and done case problems, and doesn't have ppts.
1.0 : Her class is difficult because she is difficult. The other person that rated her was 100% accurate. I would only like to add, if you have to take her for anything      you should just change your major before taking one of her classes
1.0 : Worst professor I've ever had. Avoid if you can! I really hope nobody ever has to take her class. Half way through the semester she is just throwing random points out trying to fail people. It's not our job to teach ourselves or her, she should be teaching us and she doesn't and gets mad if we don't know everything she thinks we should. RUN
1.0 : This teacher creates a hostile learning environment. very confrontational, and treat the class like a cross examination in a courtroom, is extremely lazy when it comes to teaching. She tell you which book to buy and literally state that you are responsible for learning everything in it. She literally suggested google as a supplemental study guide.
1.0 : Before you take this class you should ensure that you know how to file a grievance, and be prepared to follow it through all the way to the provost. I know there are some students currently working on a petition in order for the dean to take this issue serious this time. Apparently every semester she teaches, she gets grievances against her.
1.0 : This lady has huge problems. Major one is anger management she has none. She is from Florida... so she says. She has no piratical real life experience. She thinks she is so awesome and brags how she graduated in the top of her class. She hates on guys so if your a male good luck with doing well unless you happen to be here on athletic scholarship.
1.0 : THE WORST TEACHER EVER. This teacher has no idea what she is doing. She loves the law but she doesn't know how to portray that to students. And her exams are so hard and you don't learn any material in class. She gives you a worksheet to do during class which she keeps and then you leave. And reef questions during class for participation.
2.0 : She's a sweet woman, for the most part. Her class is the most overwhelming I have taken in my four years at BSU. On top of interning, you are expected to complete 2-5 assignments with written rationales EACH WEEK. Not only a tough grader, but biased too. My friend and I would turn in near identical assignments, and receive two very different grades
2.0 : Extremely arrogant. She's a smart women, clearly knows a lot but is a poor teacher. Makes student feel dumb. Very judgmental. Expectations are VERY unclear.
2.0 : The only reason this class is as hard as it is is because of her lack of communication and clarity. She is very vague when giving directions, which makes it very difficult to complete tasks (especially because there is field work along with this class.) She also never updates the course schedule, so you never know what is due when.
1.0 : Worst professor I've ever had. Gives little-to-no constructive feedback. Makes students feel stupid for not understanding a concept.
1.0 : I don't like him at all he is a really harder professor.
2.0 : Keshab is very kind and willing to help out if you don't understand a particular subject, but  his lectures can be hard to follow. Be patient because he has a very strong accent. Aside from in-class worksheets, he also asks that students work off of "WebAssign" (expect to complete an online quiz once or twice a week and have to pay $51+ for access)
3.0 : He's really nice and happy to help if you have any questions. I like his teaching method of having students work through problems on their own and then going over the answers/solutions as a class.
1.0 : Terrible. Awful. Doesn't know where he's going half the time and gets lost in his own problems. Has a hard time speaking English so you can't even understand him. Easy material that he somehow made difficult. Don't be in this class.
1.0 : Luckily the math wasn't too difficult for me to teach myself from the textbook. You won't learn anything from him.
1.0 : He is a really nice guy but the biggest problem is that he does not speak very good English and his Indian accent is very heavy. This math is not hard but he is too qualified to teach it in my opinion because he makes everything more complicated than it should be.
1.0 : Dr. Paudel is all over the place. He really struggles to speak on topics relative to what the class is working on. He often rambles to himself once he gets going on a certain point. With calculus being extremely difficult as it is, Keshab doesn't help ease the difficulty at all. Do not take his classes.
5.0 : I think that Keshab is a super nice teacher and always willing to work with students!!!!! Everyone seems to judge him just because he has an accent but that has nothing to do with his abilities. If you actually pay attention in class, look at the book for reinforcement, and do the homework you will get an A! This is simple math and easy if you try
2.0 : Does a decent job teaching this material but she treats her students like children. Have to participate every class and if not she randomly calls on you. If you do participate and you are wrong, she will embarrass you in front of the entire class. Most of the learning is self taught through reading. Choose another professor if possible.
1.0 : CS253 is not challenging in itself, but this teacher teaches it in a way that it is incredibly difficult. Prepare for going through 3/4ths of the textbook in about four weeks. Relies on TAs to teach the class. Believes in a "flipped classroom" but does not teach the material, only stresses how we need to research things ourselves for next class.
2.0 : Not the worst teacher I've had and will walk you through it during office hours, but class time is absolutely awful. A common response when you ask her questions in class is "Google it." Does not seem to realize that lecture classes go better when the material is actually taught to the students instead of setting them up for failure.
1.0 : It's week 10 and she hasn't shown up. The TAs are currently lecturing, but since we rely on the TAs to learn anyway, not much has changed.
1.0 : Don't expect to come to her class and actually be taught anything. She just tells the class to look up everything instead of her actually lecturing. Prepare to rely on the TA's as she gets angry when you ask her questions.
1.0 : Probably worst CS teacher I've taken. She expects students to do all the work outside of class and do in class activity as participation points but won't actually help you in class, expects her 4 TAs to help instead and to Google everything. Nearly finished the whole textbook within the first 5 weeks, hard to keep up when she goes too fast.
3.0 : Very knowledgeable, however she clearly was used to teaching higher level classes. She often ran out of time in class because it took much longer for everyone to do in-class assignments then expected. She also expected students to have actually done the reading and research (Flipped classroom), which many did not do or didn't understand.
2.0 : I took the class since it was a pre-req, and it was okay. But the teacher kind of got on my nerves. The lessons are normal, but she really expects you to be incredible or she'll make fun of you for it. Quite pretentious. She's called some of my pieces "disasters" before I'm halfway done. Spends a lot of time talking about guys she's dated or texted
2.0 : Her test layout is awful and the study guides contain very little information. Cannot prepare well for exams.
2.0 : He has 5 exams including final. Most of it not related to the lectures. Mostly Multiple choice, but horrible. Most people dropped the class after the 3rd exam. He has 5% extra credit, but couldn't help most people. Not fun. Don't take him.
3.0 : He has difficult test, but most of the test are related to the lectures and powerpoints. He does suggest working on problems on the book, and has the answers in other slides, which help with the test. He also curved some of the more difficult test which helped alot with grades. Not a class suited for everybody, but it worked for me personally.
2.0 : You have to work for your graded if you want to do well. A majority of the test questions come directly from the power points. Lectures are pretty dry and boring but attendance is mandatory as you have to meet a new classmate each class period to get attendance points. There is opportunity for extra credit which is really helps.
1.0 : Worst professor I've ever had. Doesn't care if you learn the material or not. Tested on concepts that are not on the homework and only briefly mentioned in lectures. Do not take classes from this professor.
2.0 : I thought it was a really boring class. You just read in a group and do a project then go to a lecture hall where you aren't allowed to have any electronics out. No laptops, phones, tablets or iPods.
2.0 : The topic was interesting, plenary was great. Prof Herrick not so much. He constantly changed project requirements mid project. Was vague on assignments, and had strange requests on power-points-such as marked down if there wasn't 1 picture for every bullet point. Hard grader on the Discussion boards. Lots of reading, quizzes, 2 group projects.
1.0 : One of the worst professors I've ever had. Grades really hard and then doesn't tell you what you did wrong. Seriously don't take this class with her if you want to learn anything.
1.0 : She is a really tough grader and does not explain clearly what you got marked off for. She is helpful if you know what you are doing and just want to make sure, as for learning this subject not helpful at all.
1.0 : The entire class is online!! Going to class everyday doesn't help at all and the class is all based on how many topics you can finish a week on ALEKS, doesn't even prepare you for the exams. Definitely not taking again
1.0 : She is so strict about lecture and note taking that she reminds me of an elementary teacher, but not in a good way. She doesn't treat students with respect, yet demands utmost respect from them. The class itself was easy. She doesn't use the same equations as the book, but explains the material thoroughly.
