3.0 : Each Thursday there's a different topic &amp; group of students who present this is the only group project. After the group Dr. Hall then goes further into it. You write about 7 critiques which are on the topics presented Thursday. Each Tuesday there are clicker questions based on the readings &amp; lectures given to prepare you for the next presentation.
3.0 : Very hard subject, and the thing that made it worst was that they started using smartPhysics which gave us homework 3 times harder than what they should have been and his test are fair but very hard to prepare for due to the very difficult homework, most people never complete the homework.
4.5 : Dr. Hall is very helpful. There are clicker quizzes just about every class but if you miss some there is PLENTY of extra credit questions he asks :) There are some assignments  (responses to presentations, homework questions about topics learned in class, etc ) as well as a group presentation . Interesting class! He's very good at explaining!
3.0 : Tries to make the class interesting with videos and demonstrations. He talks at a million miles an hour when lecturing and it can be very difficult to keep up with him. Material builds upon each other, so it is important to pay attention. There is a participation percent based on iclicker questions and he starts them immediately, so don't be late.
5.0 : It was an absolute pleasure taking Professor Hall's class. Thanks to him, Physics is now one of my favorite courses. Ask questions, he will gladly answer them. Take Physics 4A with Professor Hall if you have the opportunity, you will be thankful that you did.
2.0 : He doesn't want to take any responsibility about our mid term in testing center.
5.0 : She's was poignant if you-we as students could mover her!
5.0 : Very interesting Professor and passionate about what he's teaching. EASY A
4.5 : Professor Kimble is very laid back and the class was easy. No tests or finals just weekly journalsmind maps. He doesn't take attendance but your attendance is the journal you turn in. Not sure if he even keeps track bc you grade yourself in the end. The papers and group presentation is really easy as well. Don't buy the book.
4.0 : You grade yourself. A paper was assigned but it's not hard; you grade that too. You draw photos and write short responses every week. Doesn't matter when you turn in your work as long as you turn them in. Hardly showed up to class, but did all my work. Very flexible and understanding professor.  Oh and there's one group presentation. Super easy.
4.5 : This is the first class I have taken which takes an interest in teaching students a different part of education which is something you have to learn from personal experience and it is to be understanding and feel compassion for others, also how to behave with other people who are discriminated against. I loved it. Just keep with with hw and class.
4.0 : This course is designed differently, Professor Kimble allows you to teach yourself, he's a very caring teacher.  And a very sweet man; I really enjoyed him, his stories and his experiences.  You learn from a different perspective, and often times leave class with your heart touched.  Definitely makes you think differently; wonderful!!
4.0 : Prof. Kimble is such a cool guy. My favorite part was guest speakers and listening to his stories. He's a really nice guy and I would recommend him to everyone!
3.0 : Absolutely loved this class and Mr. Kimble. Everyone must take a class with him before leaving Fresno State, he is very passionate about his work and will inspire you to want to help others and look at the bright side of things!
5.0 : Mr. Kimble is an amazing man. Extremely helpful, caring, loving and full of knowledge. Class is never boring. Story time, movies, speakers, and fun activities. You will leave that class with a different perspective of what it is to be disabled and so much more than you ever thought you would from a psychology class. Highly recommended!! Love him!
5.0 : Mr. Kimble is a humble and nice man. Going to class was a joy because he focused on learning the material rather than focusing on learning a topic to get tested on the material. Which is the reason why I loved his class!! He doesn't believe in test or exams, and he says that a lot, he rather wants you to know the material to learn than stress on.
4.0 : Professor Kimble is extremely nice! Doesn't believe in tests. There is a group project with presentation, weekly assignments, and 2 papers on interviews. Easy class you grade yourself.
5.0 : The class consists of 14 weekly quizzes and 3  easy homework assignments. There are no exams nor Final. For the quizzes, just buy the testbank online and you'll get an A in the class since all quiz question come directly from the testbank. Tends to give extra credit sometimes.
5.0 : Do not ever get on Gary's bad side. Be respectful (don't text or talk during rehearsal and DEFINITELY don't miss it), practice your music, and be prepared for rehearsals and performances. Gary isn't the most likable person for some and his demeanor can come off crass, but he genuinely cares about his students and performers.
5.0 : His class requires a ton of participation and he will ask you for individual tests. As long as you study a good amount (have a study buddy) , you should pass.
1.0 : Great guy! Definitely pay attention or else he'll chew you out!
5.0 : As long you you don't skip class you will be fine, exams are on blackboard so they are pretty easy. She even helped me to do extra  credit for another class. Awesome teacher
5.0 : She is a good teacher. Very easy. Just pay attention in class. She has a lot of activities, but they aren't worth points so you don't have to put too much effort. She is very passionate. I would HIGHLY recommended for an upper GE
5.0 : Go to class . Lectures are not the most interesting but you don't mind because of how chill she is. One 12-16 page essay with  a group and a presentation with your group. All the test are online which are easy.
2.5 : Professor was ok she was boring though.  :  I barely went to class cause she was boring and still got a B because of my test score.  The test are online and you take them at home.
4.5 : Class was super boring with the exception of some short activities. She could lecture for an hour or two on boring powerpoint slides that she uploads online. Textbook really isn't needed at all, the powerpoints ARE the test pretty much. The first two tests are online so I just googled everything. Final was just taken from the study guide. Nice lady
4.0 : Took this course on-line and it was a delight. She is sweet and helpful. Will do anything to help you pass the course. There are quizzes for every chapter but they are not hard and she gives plenty of time for you to take them. The book is essential. Everything comes from the text.
3.5 : It is a typical online class. Her lectures are really long, but she seems very kind and passionate about what she is teaching. Quizzes every other week, one 5-8 page paper, and a few written reflections throughout the course. Not too bad. I definitely think it is worth taking online (that way you can use the book and power points on the tests).
4.0 : Class is really cool, quizzes and tests follow the study guide, all the answers are in the power points. Paper and presentation are not that difficult. great class
4.0 : Class was very easy &amp; straightforward. Quizzes every other week, two tests, one long paper, &amp; couple response to videos. Gives you her number for, &amp; since it's online, it's really easy to get kicked out of a test/quiz for technical difficulties. She'll reset it, but if she FEELS you aren't studying, she won't. So keep that in mind!!
5.0 : I will always be in complete awe of Dr. Adams, she is one teacher i can look back and say made a huge difference in my learning experience. If you want an easy good grade, don't take her, you aren't worthy of hr instruction anyways. But if you want to truly challenge yourself and actually learn, DO IT!
4.5 : I LOVED HER!!!!! This class is a lot of work but if you actually show up to every class and turn every assignment in then you'll get a good grade. She is more than happy to help out and has a great way of getting you to understand what she's teaching. I would definitely take her again!
4.0 : Great teacher, but difficult when it comes to exams. The way she teaches can be confusing, but she is really passionate!
5.0 : I absolutely love, admire and respect Dr. Adams. It is so easy to tell that she is incredibly passionate about her work. She will make you work for your grade BUT with that being said she gave SO much *extra credit* this past semester AND let us have note cards for our tests. Excellent teacher and mentor.
4.0 : Absolutely loved this class! Adams has become my new favorite professor here at state. Get the book and be prepared to read and write a lot, but after taking this class it will give you a new perspective on your interpersonal relationships. I couldn't imagine any other professor better for this class.  Totally worth all of the work and time!
5.0 : Adams is my favorite professor. Her knowledge of the field is apparent and shows her passion in lectures. Go to office hours as much as you need them for your application logs and papers. The logs are especially important to your grade. I did not find tests too difficult, but I always went to class. Engage in discussions and you will learn lots!
5.0 : Dr. Adams is a rockstar in my eyes! She's so incredibly intelligent and genuinely cares about each of her students. Her classes are not for the faint  of heart (lots of reading and writing) BUT they are totally worth it. She is inspiring, and has pushed me while still being encouraging. Highly recommend for Comm majors!
1.0 : Adams is a very smart Professor who knows her information, however, she made it very difficult to understand what she was teaching. Her tests and essays are very difficult, and if you need to take this class and professor please show up to class every day and read all the material throughly. I don't recommend taking this class with a full schedule.
5.0 : Dr. Hasson is a good professor.  He is laid back.  His course is structured to prepare you for writing your thesis but you need to put in effort to keep up with the assignments. By the end of the semester you have a good start on your thesis with excellent feedback.
2.5 : Incredibly hard teacher, tests don't use material from lectures or homework. 3 midterms , no quizzes, and doesn't update grades until the end of the semester. When emailed he will school you and make you feel as if you are the one messing up. Highly don't recommend taking him.
5.0 : I had an amazing time taking her Drama 186 course. Lectures were interesting. Class discussions were fun and entertaining. The course work consisted of quizzes that were based on assigned readings. Almost all the quizzes were take-home quizzes. Overall, easy A. Do the work, answer the extra credit questions, and you'll be golden.
5.0 : Really engaging and insightful teacher. Class consist mainly of reading plays and then discussing them. There was a fair chunk of writing, but it was mostly to help facilitate the discussions we were having.  I would highly recommend this professor.
5.0 : A true gem. One of the best professors I've had at Fresno State. Very clear about what she expects and how things will be done. She's very funny and obviously very passionate about Theatre, which makes lectures and discussions great. She's a wonderful teacher and is very approachable.
5.0 : Very fun class. Was not expecting to enjoy the class as much I did. Great professor and great class!
5.0 : This guy isn't afraid to challenge you, and provides a real education, useful for real life after college. If you are too lazy to write 1-3 sentences most weeks, or too dumb to do 6th-grade arithmetic, go elsewhere, preferably a real science class. If this guy is making a mistake, it's treating his students like adults, even if they act otherwise.
2.5 : I found this to be an extremely hard. The lab couldn't be easier, but his hw &amp; especially the test are very difficult(16ch+ a test &amp; scattered). Makes you buy his loose leaf book, no buy back. I found the book wasn't written well ether. 2 midterms, 1 essay, and 1 final. Drops your lowest test. He knows his stuff, but sometimes hard to comprehend.
5.0 : It's a tough class but I have to admit he's an awesome professor. He lectures about physics with so much heart and passion that it genuinely raised my interest on the subject. I learned more with him than with my past physics professors. Be prepared to take lots of notes, read the textbook and do lots and lots of homework, though. Still, great guy!
1.0 : I'm a hardworking student, but this class was rough. His textbook is literally a script of what he says in class, so as long as you attend lecture, you won't need the book. Makes you do a lot of homework that isn't even related to the class. His tests have ridiculous criteria, no study guide, and is based on the most minute details.
4.0 : He was a really nice professor but he was really serious about teaching. He was hard but that's only because I barely paid attention in class. The only got a B because I went to class every day. Pay attention &amp; go to class every day and you'll do fine.
3.0 : Took the course online. Not much work for the class at all. Tests are pretty hard and there is a long paper. If i were to take it again I would not take it online.
2.5 : Great and easy instructor. His online class can be confusing and he tricks you in thinking you have a low score in the class until the last week. I thought I had a B then I got an A.
2.0 : I did not do very good in this class. Unless you are a geography major you will not do good in this class. He tests you on things that he does not discuss in his lectures. His assignments that he gives out has questions that can not be found in his assigned reading. Good Luck. Take another teacher. 2000 word paper. 3 Assignments. 4 Tests. Got a B!
5.0 : Pretty easy A. Class is out of 500 points. There are 3 Assignments, 1 Term paper(1200 words), 2 exams, and a final. He tells you the questions that are going to be on the tests before hand in a study guide. If you fill it out before-hand you have all the answers lol.
4.0 : Gives plenty of time for assignments. Gives study guides for tests. Is very clear on the material. Fair but don't try to give excuses for not doing work, he won't budge.
5.0 : Took the online class. 3 exams (last one was th final), a couple assignments, &amp; a paper. He uses a point system for grades meaning you have to have a certain number of points for an A/B/C etc. Your % could be an A but if you don't have the number of points you won't get it. He gives study guides that have the exact same questions as the exams lol.
5.0 : As long as you take good notes in class do the study guides he hands out you shoud pass his class with an A or B his class is passable he cares for his students. I had a 69% at the begining of the semester and i literally did everything he would say to memorize in class and did the study guides and ended up with a B in his class. Good class
5.0 : 4 Test, 3 HW assignments (easy), one 2,000 Essay (you choose your topic from list) this essay will take up a lot of time. Test are quite difficult, do the study guide and print out power points to write on. Most Q's are from the power points recorded lectures, half are from study guide. The 2nd test was hard. Teacher has a strong accent.
5.0 : Trust me... He is super easy professor. I took online class I failed first two tests and still I got an a in the class. His final and last test is super easy. He gives lots of extra credit.
5.0 : Professor Omolayo is very help when needed always replies fast. There is one paper but he doesn't grade hard. He offers extra credit and the test coincide with the lectures although the first test through me off as you had to read the book. Just thoroughly understand the lectures and do the study guides provided, it's an easy A.
4.5 : Great teacher!  Lectures are exciting and engaging.  This isn't a show up and get an A class.  You'll need to do well on the tests, do the homework, and show up.  Uses Blackboard for grading.  Only qualm, lectures will differ from textbook material, and too much discussion about equations we won't use in class.  Study lectures and the study guides.
5.0 : Great guy, better teacher.
4.5 : Dr. Tanner is easily one of the top 5 best professors I've ever had. No busy work, incredible clarity in lecture, and kindness in every interaction. Jump at the opportunity to learn from him.
5.0 : I loved her! Awesome class! Very patient and very kind! Wants her students to fully understand! You won't be disappointed! Attend class and you will do fine on exams. Make sure to attend deaf events early on.
4.0 : Took CDDS 90 online for ge. Easy class, and actually learned some interesting things. There's a few chapter and video analyses, as well as written midterm and final, easy for the most part, get stuff done and you will pass. Nice teacher.
5.0 : I took ASL 1 and 2 with Annette and I loved it! I was skeptical about taking ASL because I thought it would be hard to understand but she makes it so easy to understand, if you're able to lip read even better (well at least in ASL 1). Both classes are very easy to pass, just show up to class, do the assignments, and papers and you'll be set.
5.0 : Ann was by far my favorite teacher at state, I'm so sad I can't take her for ASL 3. She was very laid back but did a great job at teaching and making it interesting so that you would not be lost. She always makes sure the whole class is on the same page before moving on. Loved her and would highly recommend her  :)
5.0 : Very easy class. Modules due every other week with a quiz, videos and powerpoint. One paper and you have to watch movies to do video analyses. She answers to Q&amp;A discussion posts quickly and cares a lot about her students.
4.0 : She's wonderful. This is an only signing class. So no speaking. There will only be an interpreter there for the first day, but its a amazing class. Good pacing. You won't regret it. 5 pop, 5 test, final test and expressive. Easy class, just dont miss class because you learn something new everyday.
5.0 : Klein is an amazing teacher! She is super nice and funny. No talking allowed in class, but if you don't understand something there are alternative ways of communication. Her main goal is to teach all of her students how to sign and love the deaf community. I would advise everyone to take her class any day!!
4.0 : Annette Klein is a fantastic ASL teacher.  I've had her for ASL 1, 2, and 3.  Her signing is so clear and understandable.  Her tests in ASL 2 are sometimes written, sometimes expressive (signing).  There is one short paper, several written responses, and you have to go to a couple Deaf events.  Overall an easy, fun, and informative class.
4.5 : Proff. Klein is pretty awesome and is very knowledgeable about Deaf studies. In order to be successful in this course you MUST be active in DB 2x a week WITH citations. I found the quizzes to be kinda tricky. I don't think she cares so much about a letter grade than the student actually learning. Take her! You will learn to appreciate Deaf Culture.
5.0 : I took CDDS 90 online and it was very easy and straight forward! She is an awesome teacher, and replies quick to emails. HIGHLY RECOMMEND:)
5.0 : Take this class, super easy. It's online and everything how she structured the class in the modules are easily explanatory. No major paper. Only quzzies, homework, midterm, final, and discussions.
3.5 : Not a bad course. Easy A. You have unlimited time for quizzes and tests. Its a lot of work but not hard. I would highly recommend it.
3.0 : The class overall is easy. Blackboard assignments, like 6 of them. The second midterm was difficult but besides that, really easy class. Take it with friends, that helps out a lot!
5.0 : Take this class! Upper GE So easy! First seems hard like the labs seems like a lot. But i promise you it is not. It is do able without honestly learning much. Yeah you learn as you go tbh. but its really nothing that requires to stress if that makes sense? EVERYTHING is organized by date. Quizzes, discussions boards, midterm and final. ALL ONLINE(:
5.0 : One of the nicest and best professors I have had at fresno state she is very understanding and actually takes the time to help you along with that being said 6 assignments online(super easy) two midterms study guide for the first one is basically the test and then the second midterm she let us use the book. I highly recommend her for GE!
3.0 : Expect to take a chapter quiz almost every single week. Sometimes she'll throw a lab or discussion in there. I do highly recommend you take it with a friend. Split the chapter readings and take the quizzes together. The amount of work for one person to do is significant. There's 1 midterm, 1 7-page essay, and 1 final.
5.0 : Online course. Remember deadlines for Quizzes, Labs, and Discussions.  I personally did not use the textbooks, but there was one textbook that was really important.  Exams quite difficult. Lectures/powerpoint slides are accessible. Over all, a class that saved me this semester.
3.0 : She took forever opening up segments so instead of having a couple weeks we only had one for a large paper. She was also very hard to get ahold of outside of class.
4.0 : Really easy online class. Due dates do not move. You know when everything is due. One paper on a book you have to read. Chapter quizzes. A midterm, final, and a few assignments in between. It really isn't a lot of work. Maybe an hour a week and you're done for that week. Easy class.
2.0 : If anyone is planning on taking one of her class specifically anthro 145, just know she is horrible. She is very unorganized and I believe most students are behind due to her being flat out lazy with this class. It's infuriating now that semester is about to end and she is just now making up assignments for the student to do for the sake of it.
5.0 : Easiest class Ive ever taken apart from music 9. Quizzes, 5 discussions, one midterm, 1 final, and four online labs but theyre credit/no credit
4.0 : Great Professor. She has a clear grading criteria and is very clear on what is expected. All the due dates for everything are up so there are no excuses as to why you did not get your work done. Quiz every week, a few labs, everything is fairly easy.  Put in the work, and there is no reason why you should not get an A.  Recommend &amp; would take again
4.0 : Did not have any contact with the professor because the class is set up and clearly described for the semester. All due dates are given so you're able to work ahead at your pace. The class is not difficult in completing the assignments, reading, and tests. Work hard to keep up with the week's tasks and you should be able to easily acquire an A.
5.0 : Seriously the best teacher. Will search out classes being taught by her every chance I get. So kind and caring of her students too.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors by far. Very approachable, empathetic and open-minded. Prioritizes clear communication/understanding with her students on assignments and writing papers. As long as you do all the readings, the tests (if any) will be easy. Usually cool with phones and tech in class. Trust her. She listens to you and you'll learn a lot.
5.0 : Ruth, Ruth, Ruth; She is such a kind-hearted professor, she wants to see you do well and really shows that too. Her class isn't hard, by any means, read and the tests are fairly easy too. She's willing to work with you and doesn't make you feel 'less than' a person because you can't formulate thesis' correctly, or know where commas go. Great prof!
5.0 : Great professor! Class is interactive and fun. Variety of projects and writing assignments throughout the semester; she uses a grading contract so doing the work matters--she wants to see that you are learning, not just checking boxes on a rubric. Helpful and easy to talk to if you have questions.
5.0 : Professor Jenkins is my favorite professor throughout the entire English Dpt. If you need a class and she is offering it, TAKE IT. She is brilliant, clear, and so sweet. She gives you the grade you deserve based on YOUR effort, so don't slack off and I promise you will be fine. She is a great person to talk to as well! Overall, she's awesome!
4.5 : Dr. Jenkins is a fantastic lecturer. She chose great readings for a course that could easily have been dull, and led very engaging discussions on these works.  Easy but fair grader so long as you try.
5.0 : Jenkins was a really nice professor and she made English relatively fun. She was clear with instructions and she was willing to explain things or answer any questions that students may have. Prepare to write a lot, and to participate in class discussions, but it was a fairly laid back &amp; simple class if you are a half way decent writer. She's great!
4.0 : Professor Jenkins is an awesome professor all around, the only drawback being long lecture days, which were few. She is very personable and takes the time to get to know her students. She is a tough grader with essays but very fair; if you talk to her about your essay she will give very thorough feedback.
5.0 : One of the most inspirational professors I've met who genuinely cares about you as a person! As with any other college course, work hard, and you will pass.
5.0 : Ruth Jenkins is the perfect professor! I love her, she is very kind and helpful, one of the nicest people I've met. I probably wouldn't have read so much or tried so hard if she wasn't teaching, she makes you want to succeed. She wants everyone in the class to do well and will help each student individually.
5.0 : Jenkins is a great professor. She is extremely helpful. Her assignments are all relevant. The class was not easy, but she makes the class enjoyable. She really puts in the effort to help students succeed. One of the best professors I've had.
5.0 : Jenkins is one of the most helpful professors I have had. She really cares about the students and pushes them to their full potential. I waited to take the class with her because she is really great.
5.0 : She's amazing
5.0 : Professor Jenkins is extremely understanding, helpful, and knowledgeable. She thinks all of her assignments through, and is really interested in the learning that happens with each one. I take her every opportunity I can for that reason alone. Not to mention - she's a really nice person, too!
5.0 : I really loved her and her class!!
5.0 : History of colonial Americas. The class revolves around easy reading, class discussions, and weekly quizzes.  Read and participate and you'll be swimming in easy points. The 2 papers and midterm/final can be difficult but as long as you keep up on readings and quizzes you already know everything. He looks for points to give so leave nothing blank!!
4.0 : Great professor. I have already had three classes with Skuban and he is just great. Usually a number of reading assignments including full books, but you can get by without just skimming through the books. I would recommend him.
5.0 : GREAT professor. He actually loves what he teaches and teaches it with a passion. You should read because there is a quiz every week on the reading. Participation matters, don't skip class he takes attendance every time, its for your "participation grade" I have taken him 3 times already and I will be taking him again next year, great professor
5.0 : I'm graduating and somehow I feel sad because I'm going to miss taking Dr. Skuban's class. By far he is the best history teacher I've ever had. He is top notch regarding Latin America. His lectures are always fun and interesting. Don't miss out on this awesome teacher. I didn't. Took him five times and enjoyed every class! !
5.0 : By far my favorite professor out of the history department, a lot of reading but interesting. Great lectures, take notes, and ask questions. Really recommend if you want to learn about south and Central America
5.0 : Hes my favorite history professor here at State. I love the way he runs his class.  Its not all lecture and not all discussion, Its a good mixture of both. He lectures on MW, with a quiz on Monday and then its a group led discussion on Friday and he puts you in your groups. His lectures are interesting and the discussions arent bad, just read
5.0 : He is very approachable to ask questions and is always happy to help. By far my favorite professor in the history department.
5.0 : Dr. Perry test and quiz are a bit hard for me since I did not have much knowledge in this area but he really helps the student. Attendance is not mandatory but he does notice if the who show up and see who are the trying the hardest to pass his class even if they are not doing well in the test. Best advice is to get hold of old test to study off
4.0 : Dr. Perry is a great teacher. Attendance in repro isn't mandatory but will randomly give EC to students who showed up that day, and if you don't come you will not pass. He explains hard material really well and trying to learn the material from a book/someone's notes is almost impossible. Tests are hard, STUDY IN GROUPS! Find a past test if you can
5.0 : Best teacher Ive ever had. I took him for repro. The class is challenging but as long as you go to class and pay attention you'll be fine. Find old tests of his as his tests aren't that much different from the new ones he writes. I recommend taking him in any classes you can
5.0 : Fantastic prof but if you're not willing to spend time studying, then you won't get a great grade. Luckily he gives a very detailed study guide, so there absolutely no surprises. Listening to lectures isn't enough to pass.
5.0 : Dr. Carden is an excellent teacher. He makes the material very easy to understand, and it is easy to pass.  He hands out study guides for the test as well as the actual questions on the in-class essays and tests. The tests are very easy to pass if you study. He is very approachable and respectful.
1.0 : Doesn't teach you all the materials in lectures that you need to know for the exam. It's better if you read the book instead of wasting your time going  to class.
2.0 : Awful class. Went to nearly every class besides when i was sick and didn't learn anything. Taught myself and still did bad on tests. He's a great guy, but he's hard to follow unless you LOVE history.
4.5 : Professor Carden is my favorite thus far. He gives you a study guide for each test two or three weeks before the test or essay. He is also very clear and knows his history. If you go to class i don't recommend even buying the book, because he is that descriptive. I WOULD RECOMMEND  THIS PROFESSOR TO ANYONE TAKING HISTORY 11!!!
5.0 : Dr. Carden was a really awesome professor, in fact one of my favorites that I've had thus far. You will actually learn in his class. He is professional &amp; kind. He gives you study guides before the exams &amp; attendance isn't mandatory, although I recommend going. Don't bother buying the book, you rarely use it. His class is boring, but worth taking.
4.5 : Professor Cardin is very straight forward with his class. Gives you a study guide, and if you study it, you'll pass all the tests. Gives EC just for showing up. Go to class, go over the study   guide, and you'll be good. 2 tests, 2 in class essays, a paper due at the end of the semester, and a final.
4.0 : History 11 with Carden was pretty easy, there are 3 main tests including the final and 2 in class essays. Do good on those and you'll pass. Textbook is hardly needed and attendance is a not mandatory. Classes are basically lectures so if you're attending take notes he talks about the textbook which are Mostly on the tests
5.0 : Dr. Carden was the best history professor I've ever had. His grading was straight forward and his lectures were very good. He made history educational and fun. He is smart and unbiased. He is an independent politician and a very easy to get a long with kind of guy. He is easy to talk to and is a great speaker. I would highly recommend taking him.
5.0 : One of the best lecturers at FS. Dr. Carden is an amazing teacher who understands the students. His lectures consisted of timelines, movies, and live renowned guest speakers(who came to our class to speak). Dr. Carden knows his stuff - he was the pres. of two colleges and now works pt. time at FS. He knows how to make class fun. Study wellA.
3.0 : No homework, tests are easy if you know your stuff (you learn a lot of the content in high school history classes). Lectures are boring, but he plays videos at least once a week.
3.5 : You take three exams and one project at the end of the semester. The exams are hard if you don't do the study guides he provides. Also, three essay questions  you have to answer on every exam as well. Class is so boring, he tries to be funny, but eh. He shows movies at least three times out of the whole week. Attendance not mandatory.
4.0 : I enjoyed taking Allan Carden because he gave lectures that were easy to follow and he gave out study guides that are pretty much the same as the test.  I recommend going to class because he gives out a lot of extra credit, plus his lectures are interesting.  He does not give out home work and you only have to write one essay.  Would take again!
4.5 : It's a really easy class. Do the study guides and you will pass all the tests. He doesn't give homework which is great.
5.0 : Carden is a great History teacher. He talks for most of the class period, but his lectures are interesting. I didn't really read the book, just went to every class and listened. He gives a study guide about 2 weeks before the test, study that and you'll pass the class easily. 3 tests, 2 in class essays and 1 movie review. Recommend taking him!
4.0 : Passionate about history, lectures are a little boring but overall the class is easy. He doesnt do presentations just talks and sometimes writes on the whiteboard. doesnt use blackboard but you have very little assignments so its super easy to keep track of your own grade. Actually study the study guide because itll make the test super easy .
4.0 : Class is pretty easy. Attending to class isn't mandatory, but he does give extra credit for showing up though. It's mainly tests and essays only, so it's best to study because there won't be any assignments to help bring up your grade. He does give the study guide and the essay prompt about 2 weeks before so don't stress out.
5.0 : You get graded on 2 essay and 3 exams thats it
5.0 : This was a challenging history course. Lots of reading; and lots of prep time for 12 online timed quizzes--that are very hard. This professor is one of the best and most well prepared in the CSUF system. She will make you work for your grade. She's the most helpful as well. Always got back on email, and offered office support for feedback. Amazing!
5.0 : LOVED Lopez! Incredibly knowledgeable and down to earth, but has high academic expectations. Reading book is critical. Online quizes were hard unless you did the full reading. Very organized and structured. We got to read a novel set in ancient China and analyze it in context for the final, so very creative. Got to read lots of primary sources.
4.5 : She's an absolutely amazing professor. She is intense, but knows what she's doing. If you don't do the reading you won't survive the quizzes or in class discussions and papers. Attendance is mandatory. Miss 3 classes and she will fail you. She will be there for you every step of the way and is there to help guide you, but this class is hard.
4.5 : She is the best professor that I have ever had. She helped me out so much in both theses classes. She may not be easy but she is willing to bend over backwards for her students for the ones that are willing to ask for help. She becomes easy once you have had her a few times and can understand her methods
2.0 : Great man, but unfortunately this subject is not his strong suit whatsoever. He never refers to the book in class and his way of teaching can easily confuse anyone. In general, teachings in class are not helpful whatsoever, so you are going to be on your own the whole semester. Good luck.
5.0 : Amazing instructor and hilarious. His test are straight forward as long as you take notes and read them. He is understanding about missing class and realizes that students have responsibilities outside or school. There is one major assignment and you have 3 options to choose from, and its super easy. Take the class!
5.0 : Hickey you're the man!! best professor on campus!
5.0 : easy class. just 3 exams, a final, and a paper. make sure to go over the cases in each chapter and who did what aside from the study guide. with minimal effort and studying, you will be fine. writes his own books and gives many real life experiences, would take again
5.0 : Dr. Hickey is the nicest man I have met in a long time. I love his class, I actually want to be there. Take his class you wont regret it.
5.0 : Respected by students and travels around the globe to interview famous serial killers and criminals. Uses his own book that he writes as the class book, how cool is that? He gives many examples, experience, and stories that always made class interesting. There is always chance to improve your grade. Coolest instructor I have had
5.0 : Dr.Hickey made my semester! Even though class is at 8am i enjoy waking up early to attend.Have to have the book to look up/read answers from his study guide. Interesting lectures and brings in guest speaker at one point.Fun class. Def recommend.One of the best professors at Fresno State I've had so far.
3.0 : I am glad I took this class, a friend recommended it and I was not let down. He is very interesting and is very open. Exams are straight from the book. Make sure you read case profiles, and do study guides. If you get a better grade on the next test he will replace your last test. Only complaint is I wish he would have more structure classes.
5.0 : He was super funny, and always try to work with the class. He gave us 3 exams and a study guide for all f them and the study guides were just like the test! He even gave us answers before the test. You have one writing assignment but he gives you plenty of time to complete it. He's and awesome teacher!!!! I love him! Take his class!
5.0 : Wonderful professor!! He is excellent and cares very much about the students! I beg you to take him! He is engaging and the students love him!! He gives out Study Guides during the exam, and you can ask him about it if you don't understand a question! He will always make your day!
5.0 : Easy…you just need to read the textbook and take notes in class, the study sessions are a big help!
5.0 : Hickey is GREAT. One of the best teachers I have ever had. Exams are fair and easy if you keep up with the reading. First class I have ever taken that I didn't have to take the final.
3.5 : Dr. Hickey's class is why I chose my major focus. He definitely knows what he is talking about. He gives you study guides before each exam, so if you read &amp; fill them out, you will do well. The extra credit assignment is optional. He will bump your exam grade up if you improve from 1st to 2nd, etc. If you ace all 3, you can opt out of the final.
3.0 : Dr. Hickey is a funny wise man. There are 2 books, 3 tests, extra credit, and no final if you get As on all 3 tests.
5.0 : Best class I ever took at Fresno State. Hickey is absolutely hilarious, knowledgeable, and truly a nice person. He has a lifetime of experience in criminology, so you can really learn a lot from the guy. He gives out study guides for each test so the tests are a breeze. Take the class!
4.0 : He is very funny ! Hickey hands out study guides with every thing that's going to be on the test. Must read the textbook or won't pass the class. Overall great instructor.
4.0 : This was by far one of my favorite classes I have taken! Dr. Hickey is hilarious and his lectures are anything but boring. There are two books you are required to read, definitely READ THEM! He gives a study guide for every test and they are usually helpful. As long as you read the books, especially the case files, you will do fine on the tests.
5.0 : Funniest professor i've had. he does this thing were if you fail your first exam you have another chance to bring that grade up. if you pass your next exam he will change that grade letter. he's super cool and you actually learn in that class.
5.0 : TAKE HIM. He's a great professor! You won't regret it. Easy class!
5.0 : Would take him again in a heart beat.
4.0 : I thought his class was very easy but I thought it would be a little more interesting. He works with students, and really wants them to pass. Did not use book much so would not suggest buying it. Study guide is exactly like test and answers can be found on quizlet. Thought he was very funny, and cool but the class could have been more interesting.
5.0 : Great professor! He makes class interesting with his funny personality and makes you want to engage in class discussions and answer questions. We had 3 easy reflective papers. Study guides were almost exact to the tests. Take him!
5.0 : He mentioned how he didn't teach this class for a while, so he took over someone else's syllabus, which contain to do many papers, but he was a great teacher, very flexible to insure everyone passed, basically if you give some effort he will pass you. Very funny would definitely take him again.
4.0 : Lachs was a very fun professor. The class was hard because of the lengthy material but take good notes and follow the study guides and you'll do good.
4.0 : Lachs was a great teacher. I learned a lot  and there was always good vibes coming from him. He made a boring class interesting and accommodated for the students. I am taking him next fall for PSYCH 124. I recommend him to all!
4.5 : You will have to work to get a good grade in this class. Lectures help. He explains everything as many times as needed for everyone to understand. Plus he does funny dad joke moments that may be the best part of going to class. Sensation &amp; Perception is a hard class, but you feel so accomplished when you understand it.
5.0 : Great Professor! Hard class, so expect to study, but he makes his lectures entertaining. More of memorizing anatomical parts and functions. No papers, and gives you the essay question he will use on the tests! Don't underestimate the amount of work. Plus I should have gotten a B but extra credit and showed up for class almost everyday got me an A
5.0 : Awesome Awesome Awesome Professor! Always willing to help his students. Great review sessions so ATTEND. Offers extra credit. Difficult material but study and you will do good.
5.0 : Took this class online as a requirement and was stressed about it being only a 3 week class. The material is difficult but the class  is interesting. I stayed on top of my work and got an A. He gave us plenty of "attempts" at quizzes and exams to get a good grade in the class. Definitely don't be scared of this "intersession" or summer course.
5.0 : He is a super sweet and funny professor. He made my boring methods class so much easier and more interesting to understand. He is also very understanding and always willing to help you out.
5.0 : Warned us about the difficulty in this class, which it was. But his lectures are exactly what is on the exam, there won't be any surprises.  In lecture he also takes poles to see where the class stands on understanding which is amazing because if the majority doesn't comprehend he breaks it down step by step. It's very clear how much he cares.
5.0 : Loved Dr. Lachs!!Content is difficult but everything is explained in lecture. Tests have an essay question that is chose from a study guide. Final grade is made up of 4 exams and 4 quizzes so studying is a must. Anatomy and physio back ground will help and there is extra credit. You will learn a lot of cool stuff. Definitely recommend this course
3.0 : Tough class, however, very interesting and useful information about vision and hearing. A lot of studying so if possible don't take in conjunction with several too difficult classes.
5.0 : Dr Lachs was an amazing professor. This class is tough, so prepare to study. Highly recommend getting the book. No papers in this class. There are 4 exams, which consist of multiple choice and an essay. Six quizzes total - an iClicker is required. There are also extra credit opportunities.
4.0 : Professor Delcroix was a pretty good instructor. Homework is time consuming but an easy A since you get unlimited tries to get the answer right. Tests are tricky so don't freak out if you receive a D on your first exam. He goes over a lot of material each lecture, so attendance is important
4.0 : Best to go to class and take good notes.  Class gets harder towards the middle of the semester.  The materials are pretty hard, but good professor though.
5.0 : Amazing teacher, I really wish I could take all my math classes with him! Very clear lectures. Cute accent, understandable. Tough grader yet fair. I didn't study (just did hw) and managed a B so for sure study for your A!! Very very helpful! Nice! JUST AMAZING! Plus he's very good looking!
4.5 : I want Delcroix to teach all my math classes! He's very clear in class and helpful in office hours. We had 3 tests and 1 final, all of which were similar to the homework so as long as you practice all the homework problems until you're comfortable with them, you should be good to go.  Definitely take Delcroix if you want to learn and do well.
4.5 : One of the best math professors I have had.  He is great at explaining things and is pretty clear as to what he expects from his students for the exams.  3 exams, 1 final, and homework every week.  If you do the homework correctly then you should be pretty prepared for the exams.  Its not an easy class, but if you prepare well then you will pass.
4.0 : Show up to class and do the homework! Find previous students that have taken the course and study there old tests!!
5.0 : Amazing Professor! Explained everything in multiple ways and answered questions before we even had time to ask them. Go to class, do the homework each week, 3 tests, 1 final, and half a letter extra credit for passing the CRT! Definitely would take his class again!
4.5 : Ancient Greek Philosophy runs in her blood! She knows her stuff! Not going to lie, the concepts can be hard to grasp at first but ask questions! Go to class or else good luck trying to teach yourself  PreSocratic Philosophers, Plato, Socrates, and Aristotle. She is very sweet and intelligent!
5.0 : Dr. A is a fantastic professor! She is more than happy to give extra help if you need it. She's an extremely caring person and makes her expectations as well as grading criteria crystal clear. There is a heaving reading load but you don't have to purchase any books. She makes the reading materials available on blackboard.
5.0 : Very nice teacher. Willing to work individually with her students. Extremely clear in her explanations and expectations. A lot of reading, but if you do the reading and absorb the concepts you're golden.
4.5 : Only professor to teach this topic.  If you are a phil major you have to take her.  If not, I would not take this course.  Socrates, Plato, Aristotle are hard regardless.  Dr. A knows her stuff and is very helpful. Her tests are super HARD.  She tries to confuse students by having multi questions that look the same.  Mid term and Final BEWARE!
5.0 : Dr. A made a very daunting class enjoyable. Lots of reading involved and lecture heavy but the material is challenging enough that it never becomes dry. Had a few quizzes (bottom 2 scores are dropped) a midterm, presentation, term paper, and final. Presentation is easy if you find a topic you enjoy. Same goes for the paper. WOULD recommend!
4.0 : This class is very lecture heavy and can sometimes be boring but lectures are routine for every unit. 2 6-9 page papers with a chance to revise 1. 10 pop quizzes. She can be a tough grader but gives good feedback on papers. 1 comprehensive final. Does make you work for your grade and attendance matters. She learns all her students names.
5.0 : Dr. Blair was a great teacher. Over the semester we learned nine criticisms, she spends three classes per criticism. The material is well covered. There are quizzes for each chapter, two papers (she's a tough grader, but allows one rewrite), and a final. I found the class enjoyable and entertaining. She's a very good lecturer.
3.0 : There are no excuses in this class. If you got into a car accident, doesn't matter, she expects you to be in class, doctors note or not, it will count against you. I would recommend this class, if you know that you won't have any reason to unfortunately miss class. Otherwise, everything in this class room is standard.
5.0 : Dr. Blair is awesome. Come to class and take good notes, your quizzes will come from the lecture. Utilize her office hours if you have questions, especially about the paper(s). Let her know you are serious about the class. 9 quizzes, two papers, and a final. Show up to class!
4.5 : Dr. Blair is super helpful if you just ask for the help. Pop quizzes are regular but as long as you read and/or go to class then they are easy. Two papers in the class but you can revise one at the end for a better grade. She is a tough grader but tells you what you did wrong and how to fix it.
2.0 : Shes so hard. very tough grader, get ready to write your papers like if you were in graduate school. other then that shes super nice
5.0 : Let me sum up this class/professor with this sentence:  On the last day of class, EVERYONE hugged him.   He's that good.
4.5 : I love Dr. Powell. He is genuinely amazing and cares about his students. I would take him for every class if I could. Lectures get a little boring sometimes but hey, thats school.
3.0 : Easy assignments but start the micro lesson/ted talk early. Provides options on assignments for liberal studies and comm majors. Reading can be heavy if you dont go to class. 5 absences and a dropped grader after that. Funny, caring, and accessible. Online exams but doesn't provide enough time. Most of the class ran out of time or did not finish.
4.0 : Dr. Powell is passionate about what he teaches. He has a great sense of humor. His projects and in class activities are interesting, but require a lot of time. Attendance is required, reading the text is required (it's his book), and participation is required. I thoroughly enjoyed him and his class.
4.5 : I love Dr. Powell. His lectures are super boring but all his tests are online, which makes it easier. Assignments aren't hard, a lot of work though. Not a very difficult class at all, and Dr. Powell made me want to come to class because he's super nice.
5.0 : Dr. Powell is a very sweet and amazing professor. The class isn't to difficult. Show up, study, and don't procrastinate on any papers.
5.0 : BY FAR my favorite professor I've had (Comm 114 and 163). He keeps his lectures interesting, he is very clear about the assignments, and cares about his students. He gives great feedback, and is willing to work with you if you have any questions. I HIGHLY recommend him! You will NOT regret it!!!
3.5 : Powell is funny, helpful, engaging, and genuinely a good person. Amazing with a great personality. His class is interesting and not boring. Several assignments. The most time consuming one is the paper that requires you to observe a class (any grade). You must read the book to pass. Everything comes from the text. Tests are online. Takes roll.
4.0 : This is my second time taking a course from Dr. Powell. Dr. Powell is a fantastic professor. He cares about his students and is passionate about what he teaches. This course is a lot of group work; group tests, group presentation, and group paper. He takes attendance every day.
5.0 : Dr. Powell is one of those professors that every student should have a class with. Instead of the W course that is required, the new requirement at CSUF should be to enroll in one of his classes. He is such an awesome, passionate, caring professor; it's obvious he loves what he does. I am so glad I had the opportunity to be taught by him.
5.0 : Dr. Powell is by far one of the best professors at Fresno State. I looked forward going to class everyday and learning something new. Professor Powell makes the class fun and exciting. If you want to be a teacher, you will for sure want to take his class. He is the best!!!!
4.0 : Powell is an interesting one, it's pretty easy in the beginning, there's three tests online. You get in groups A LOT (no projects) You have to do a micro lesson by reading a children's book to the class. The hardest thing is the observation assignment but from what I've heard he's the easiest Comm teacher to take! He's awesome!
5.0 : Dr. Denbeste is an amazing teacher. her passion in her teaching and the lessons she gives are interesting and desirable. would recommend her over any other history  professor at fresno state.
5.0 : The BEST professor overall in History dept. Didn't have any Russian history background and now absolutely LOVE it.  Great lecturer and super nice and always willing to help with your thesis and sources.
5.0 : Dr. Millar brought enthusiasm to the class that brought it to life. speaking in front of people is very difficult for some people, but with Doc it is easy to get comfortable. He will help and give great feedback. He gave me lots of great advice and i would consider him a good friend. pay attention and participate and this will be a fun class.
5.0 : Dr. Rocca is the best professor, advisor, &amp; mentor at Fresno State. I highly recommend taking any course through Dr. Rocca. He is such a smart man &amp; has such heart and compassion for his career and students! Love him! Dr. Rocca truly makes Fresno State Agriculture the best Ag college in the nation! I owe most of my college successes to him! GoDOGS!
4.5 : Can be funny, lectures are straight from his power point but sometimes he flies through them. Test questions can be tricky, but study well and they're not hard.  Labs were interesting (first two he lectures about life...) and is always open if you have questions about anything.
5.0 : Only 2 Tests and a final. Curves the tests and encourages you to find an old test to study from which really helps. The final is the two tests combined.
3.5 : Pretty easy class. You do have to take a lot of notes every day. There are 2 tests and the final. No homework. The tests are usually around 100 questions long. He is really funny but his lectures can be confusing at times. If you pay attention and study, you should be fine. No textbook needed.
4.5 : Very clear with his teaching
4.5 : Cordeiro is a hilarious teacher, but very long boring lectures. Lots of pointless notes but you should still take them. Tests are slightly hard, but students that have taken him have the answers they can give you. Two tests, one final which is the two tests copied and pasted. Attendance is mandatory, but not really. Easy class, would take again.
4.5 : Cordeiro's class is an easy A. Aside from that, he's one of the best professors in the ASCI department. You'll definitely learn things of value from him, not just "textbook stuff."
4.0 : His lectures are great!!!
5.0 : Cordeiro is an amazing professor. He's extremely knowledgeable, and his teaching style isn't too hard to get along with. The class is two midterms and a cumulative final. He's an overall great professor (of course, there isn't a bad one for animal science 1) and I'd recommend him based on my experience.
5.0 : Mr. C is the best! Don't be afraid to ask questions or work hard in lab. He grades fairly but can make mistakes. He is willing to work with students and he genuinely wants to teach life lessons. He knows his stuff about sheep and is willing to learn from students as well. Don't try to ask for a show team!
5.0 : Great teacher who has a tendency to be very long winded and boring but pay attention you never know when some nugget of crucial test info will show up
5.0 : His lectures are lengthy, but he makes them entertaining. Always telling jokes and keeping us awake essentially. Very clear with what he expects, may have to study slightly
4.0 : Only 1 test and a final. If you have a strong background in ag it will be fairly easy if not find someone who is and you'll pass the class. NO BOOK, NO HW, AND NO MANDATORY ATTENDANCE. Funny and smart professor.
4.5 : He is awesome!! such an easy course if do the study guide, he will basically give you the answers. class isn't mandatory just lab.
5.0 : Professor Cordeiro is very knowledgeable. He is there for you, the class is composed of two tests and an essay. I recommend you to take him, you will not regret it.
5.0 : Professor Cordeiro is one of my favorite professors! I enjoyed taking his class, and it was very easy. Hes hilarious, caring, and very knowledgeable. As long as you show up to class, study for tests, and take notes; the class should be very easy! I highly recommend anyone to take a class with him!
5.0 : 3 tests, all you have to do is show up and listen to lectures and you will pass the tests. I love him he is super funny and nice. He does talk a lot though. Attendance in lecture is not mandatory but lab attendance is.
5.0 : He is so funny during his lectures I would definitely take him again! He would take us on tours of the campus farm to see where the dairy is and the pigs which was really cool to get familiar with. The final was put together by 50/50 questions by both the 1st and 2nd exam. Super fun and easy and a great guy to get to know.
4.0 : He's really funny, he can make the class laugh. However, his lectures can be very long, usually he'll tell you what to write down in your notes but it's still best to pay attention AND SHOW UP TO CLASS. There are only two test out of the semester and 1 final, if you study you will do fine. Best thing is there is no homework.
3.5 : Easy Class. One 8-10 research paper (you can chooses from 6 topics), 1 resource folder (copy and paste material),  midterm, and final (he gives study guides if its not on the study guide its not on the test). No homework or textbook. offeres extra credit .
4.5 : Took this class over winter break. Really Easy. He gives you the study guides for both the mid term and final. Someone from a pervious semester made flashcard for the study guides. Cram.com. Easy A and good teacher!
4.0 : He was pretty easy. Lectures were kinda boring, but offered tons of extra credit. But study study study for the tests.
3.0 : Easy A. Lectures are extremely boring though. Class wasn't mandatory. There will be one midterm &amp; final exam. All questions are from the midterm/final review. Just memorize answers- he answers them in sections on any random given day. One big resource folder due on the last day. Easy, but tedious. Get started on it early as possible.
5.0 : Easy A. 2 Exams, An 8pg paper, and a Resource Folder, which is pretty straightforward and simple. Gives you study guides that consist of up to 80 questions, of which 20 will be on the exam. Make sure to get all the right answers for your study guide. Just memorize the  study guide with flash cards and do well on the paper and you should get an A.
5.0 : Great professor, great GE class. I love that he doesn't overload on assignments/exams, it makes me take time to enjoy the class and learn something new!
3.5 : The resource folder is the BIGGEST PAIN. Super easy but very time consuming so don't wait till the last minute to do it!! No textbook, exams are based off his lectures and a study guide is given for the exam q's. Every once in a while he asks the class for the answers as a review for everyone.  Repetitive!
3.0 : 1. No text book, make your own its simple.  2. 2 exams  3. 5 page paper  4. gives out LOTS &amp; LOTS of extra credit  5. do not need to show up to class, but if you do he gives out extra points randomly if you do show up 6. notes are not on blackboard 7. print out review sheet
2.5 : Dr. Pryor is very enthusiastic about subject matter pertaining to his career and academic experience. However, because this class covers a broad range of topics, this comes as a fault to his discussion of anything not related to archaeology specifically. He tends to be less approachable and falls behind on getting back to students for questions.
5.0 : No textbook. At all. You make your own workbook. He's a really great prof. John really wants you to learn. Totally take a class with him again.
4.5 : Dr. Pryor is very passionate about what he teaches, and it shows. Although, his lectures may be a little dull, he is still a  great professor! He strives to see his students succeed, not fail. His class was easy. Show up, take notes &amp; pass his class with an easy A. He gives you a list of possible exam questions and you study from there! Recommend.
3.5 : EASY A, YES! But Oh my goodness, one of the more boring class you will ever take.  His monotonous voice will lull you to sleep.  By the end of the semester you would have counted over 100s of "ums" in his lectures.  Passionate professor about the subject but his instructions are so so so boring!  I cannot emphasize enough on how boring it is!
4.0 : Professor Pryor gives out a lot of extra credit. If you are in need of help he is always willing to help you even if he has a lot of things on his hand. He may get off topic, but the stories are mainly about his experience of his work. He is an amazing professor, but his lectures are kinda boring. If you can get past that you can definitely pass.
5.0 : Dr. Pryor is 1 of the BEST professors out there in Fresno State. He is there to help u pass the class; not to fail u. He is always there for u. He replies to emails as soon as he gets it or when he can.  I emailed him many times and he replied back very quick. If u messed up on the resource folder, he'll give u another chance to redo it.
2.0 : Professor Proyr is well educated and is passionate about what he teaches, however his lectures are dull. He also has you fill out two study guides that has at least 92- 100 questions, and only 25 questions from each study guide are on each midterm exam and final. The exams are open ended questions, and  he also is a tough grader on exams.
4.5 : Honestly, this class was super easy. One 8-10 page paper (pictures are okay), 1 resource folder, 1 midterm,  and 1 final. No homework throughout the semester, just the resource folder which is copy and paste. He is really understanding when it comes to deadlines, just talk to him.  No textbook.
5.0 : Great professor. Tests consist of math problems and free response conceptual questions. Does practice problems in class that are similar to what is on the test. Very important to go to lecture and pay attention. Great help is office hours. Recommend reading the book. He makes you actually LEARN physics. Pay attention and put in the effort.
5.0 : Excellent Instructor. Although answering the question correctly is important, Huda strives to make sure his students' understand the concepts; what, why, and how something occurs, not just the formulasunits. Reading the text before class also helps solidify key concepts early. He doesn't throw ridiculously hard test Q's at you, just know CONCEPTS.
4.0 : I took it online really helpful you will have to do a group work on google and she will grade you depending on you participation you have deadlines to turn in assignments and can't be late or you will loose points. I took her over the summer and went pretty fast but not impossible.
5.0 : She is a really great professor. I took her for HIST 144 my freshman year (my first upperdivision), and it was an easy A. If you ask for help, its there. You have to be in class to get assignments and instructions, but she makes class really interesting and is a good lecturer. She is very passionate and knowledgeable.
4.0 : Attendance isn't taken but if you miss class you'll most likely miss an assignment or instructions to an assgn. A bit intimidating, she will correct you very bluntly when you are wrong but if you ask for help she is willing to assist you. The syllabus is followed very closely. Overall , I recommend this professor.
5.0 : Jordine is awesome. She's passionate about what she teaches and does a great job of it. The class isn't the easiest, but if you keep up with the readings and the assignments, you will pass. She's a pretty fair grader and offers extra credit. A few assignments, but only exam was the take home final. You do group work assignments often. No quizzes.
4.0 : Professor Kelm is great! She definitely cares about her students. The assigned homework is tougher than the exams. There is a quiz every week ( one or two questions from the homework assigned), so be ready for it! Be aware of group homework because it can affect your grade in the class if you don't do well on the homework! Also, do extra credits!
2.5 : I don't get how she has such high reviews. Doesn't lecture and makes you watch long videos in order to "learn" the material, which is difficult for a lot of students since some of them need a lecture in order to be engaged in the course. I ended up switching to a different math professor.
5.0 : Dr. Kelm is the best math professor I have ever had. She really helps you understand the material and doesn't get mad if you ask questions. She is really great at getting the point across. Clarifies everything you ask her. If you ever have a doubt about anything ASK!! I highly recommend her for any math class you take
4.0 : Shes a great teacher and I think I understand the material a lot better than she gave me credit for. No partial credit on tests, which were the hardest tests I've taken in any math class. Shes glad to help you if you put the effort in and ask questions. Group homework is very hard. I'm sure other people would, but I wouldn't retake her class.
5.0 : Assigns homework in groups, which is absolutely necessary considering how difficult the class can be at times. That being said, the tests tend to be a lot easier than the homework. If you or your group does not understand something, you must ask her. She is more than willing you help you work out the problem on your own. Interestin teaching method.
4.0 : Dr. Kelm is a great professor. She tries her best to get feedback from her students so that she can structure her class based off of where we are struggling. She is willing to help anyone that needs it. Weekly quizzes and online math homework. If you took Calc before you should be fine, but if not, get some help.
3.5 : Kelm is pretty helpful on her own and she gives fair exams that test your knowledge of the material. However I really dislike the "group hw" system she has going on, it doesn't work well when she assigns u to a group with people that have absolutely no idea what's going on. I'd take a class with her again, as long as it isn't group based.
5.0 : Great professor
5.0 : Professor Nichols was amazing! You only have 3 papers which are easy and fun to write. She is very helpful and has a good sense of humor. She really wants everyone to succeed. She's also a good grader and she pushes back the due date if she feels like students need more time. One group project which is super laid back. Overall awesome Professor.
5.0 : This was the best class at CSU Fresno, and by far the best professor, EVER.  She is witty, relatable, and completely in love with teaching - which is rare to find at the college level.  She genuinely loves her job and her students.  I wish I had taken her sooner, instead of my last semester.  I think I would have taken any class I could with her.
5.0 : Tanya is amazing, all of the assignments are very well thought out and are insightful. She does a great job of capturing the type of writer her students are and helping them better their skills
5.0 : Write your stories, give other students feedback, and show up for class. That's all it takes. Tanya is amazing. I took her twice for the same class. She always offers useful advice and has good insights . This class really helped me strengthen my fiction writing skills and learn new things.
5.0 : By far has been one of my favorite professors. Class was so easy and all the essays were fun to write. You only need one book and its the final project which is a group on, but it is super easy.
5.0 : okay let me start off by saying that she is an amazing teacher! i would've purposefully failed this class just to take it with her again. You have the option of writing one 10 page paper or 2  five-page papers. There are other little things you have to do but she makes everything so much fun. It was such an amazing class and easy 4 units (:
5.0 : Tanya is an excellent professor, her assignments are super fun and useful especially if you are going to be a teacher. You get to write your own fairy tale and final literature circle project is super fun. Hardly used textbooks, just really need your lit circle book and fairy tales to read. She published her own book, it's a must read!
5.0 : She's a really great teacher. It's obvious she cares. Show up for class and workshops and do what she tells you to you'll get an A.
4.5 : Honestly the absolute best professor in CSU Fresno. She is laidback, smart, funny, relatable, amazing, clever and definitely in love with teaching. She is extremely helpful when it comes to writing your papers. Takes roll. The class is not your typical boring English course. Highly recommend taking at least one course with her.
5.0 : I love Tanya!  She is probably the greatest teacher I've ever had throughout college. You have to write about 4 different essays, but we always have workshop and she takes it step by step on how your essay should be formatted. I hate writing essays, but she made it so easy! As a person very sweet. Plus she's in a band which is so awesome!
5.0 : Her syllabus was pretty intimidating when I first read it but her class is far from hard. You have three papers and she guides you through them all and is a super easy grader.I would absolutely take her class again.  She is so nice, funny and loves interacting with students. W classes seem scary but hers was fun and inspirational. Take this class!!
5.0 : She's so awesome! She's an amazing professor who I which everyone had the chance to take in their college careers. She will make you love writing and reading. She's hilarious, thoughtful, funny, and brilliant. She's a great professor. Take her class! I promise at the end of the semester you'll wish she adopted you. It is not a difficult class.
5.0 : Amazing professor.. The class was pretty easy. Just follow direction and do the work, you should be fine. I really enjoyed the class and the professor is awsome.
5.0 : Tanya is an excellent instructor. There is never a time you will feel that she is loading you with a lot of work because she moves the class in a slow and steady pace. She walks through your essays with you and is quite clear what she wants in the essays. I really enjoyed her class and got all full scores on my essays. Super chill teacher.
5.0 : I adored this professor.  I have never been happy about going to an early class but she was so entertaining with any material she gave us that I had no problem going to class.  She is easy going and will answer your questions, she gives clear instructions, and the 4 assignments you have all semester are relevant and enjoyable.
4.0 : Alot of writing but not to bad. She's very nice and far. Attendance is required. She does give feedback via BB, all assignment are due via BB
5.0 : The Best Class! YOU can't find an easierenjoyable class at CSUF. It's challenging, don't get me wrong, but Professor Nichols is the nicest and most wonderful personality. Refreshing! What a great class to receive your 'W' (upper division) in. The text books are enjoyable. Writing creatively, academically, and logically will be your reward.
5.0 : Doctor John is one of the best instructors I have ever had the pleasure of learning from. He is a brilliant man and one hell of a writer, but you'd have to beat him with a stick to get him to admit it. Even if you aren't focusing on English or Writing in you Education, I do not think that you regret taking a class from this man.
3.0 : Dr. Hamre is a professor who expects great things out of her choir, and she expects people to learn the new music quickly.  Overall a fun experience, and you rely mostly on your section leaders.
5.0 : Dr. Hamre is an incredible professor and mentor. She continues to be an inspiration for me, even post-grad. If you ever have the opportunity to work with her, take advantage as her intellect in choral music is of the highest caliber!
5.0 : Professor Houts is one of the best professors I have experienced so far in college.  She is tough but fair, and I have learned a lot.  I feel as though I am very prepared for MGMT 124.  Pay attention and take careful notes during the lecture, read the book, and learn key terms and how they apply and you will get an A.
5.0 : very nice teacher and always willing to help if you ask her. She makes a complicated class a lot simpler. she is very good at explaining concepts and mathematical management techniques.
4.0 : Very good option to take her for MGT124. She is very friendly and approachable (won't make you feel dumb if you don' t know something). Tough in her grading and will make you work for it! Don't be afraid to speak up in her class, it helps everyone as a whole.
3.0 : Her class is very hard if you're not super sharp and good at memorizing both math and key terms and concepts forget about it.  Only thing that matters in this class are exam grades be prepared to work extremely hard.  Although she is very nice
4.0 : Aside from her religious beliefs and lack of science belief, she is a great professor for management. This class is mainly math oriented so don't expect it to be like 110. She's fast at grading assignments and very helpful. She is great at explaining the material. Final is cumulative, my advise is study past material throughout the semester.
5.0 : Professor Houts is an excellent teacher. This course is difficult and Professor Houts is willing to help and wants you to succeed. Attend all classes and prepare for the quizzes. STUDY STUDY STUDY the study guides for the tests.
4.0 : Houts is very organized and helpful. She teaches the math components well -- however the conceptual questions on exams are enough to break your test scores and ruin your grade. Also, don't be late -- quizzes are literally given the first two minutes of class. You'll learn a lot, but do be careful to adequately prepare yourself for exams.
5.0 : She is an awesome teacher. She is completely fair with grading, and she does not give leeway. She makes it clear that there are no make ups. I did not use the book and relied on quizlet and notes for studying concepts. Be sure to be on time (quizzes are usually in the first 5 mins of class and she starts on the dot!) Do review packets for exams.
5.0 : best teacher ever, especially for a hard subject.
4.0 : Wow! Awesome professsor. She must really love what she does.
5.0 : Prof. Houts is a great instructor. I would strongly recommend for anyone taking management
3.0 : Professor Houts is very intelligent. She has a passion for Management. This class requires a lot of paying attention, taking notes and studying hard. Her grading scale is tough and tests are also hard.
5.0 : Solid teacher, pretty clear grading criteria and follows it
5.0 : Great teacher, respected by the students.
3.0 : Professor Houts doesn't trust her students at all, and it was particularly uncomfortable especially during exams as it was hard for me to concentrate. Second, I didn't like that she brought her religious beliefs  at the beginning of the semester. Otherwise, I think she is very knowledgable and an excellent instructor.
5.0 : Professor Houts is a great professor. I really enjoyed taking her class.
5.0 : GREAT PROFESSOR! :) super nice, funny, has done a lot in prisons for females! hardly any homework a few assignments which she grades fairly easy as long as she sees you actually tried and read the articles! she knows her stuff! go to class do the assignments and you'll get an A!
4.0 : If you show up and play basketball he will pass you. Grade criteria is based almost purely on attendance. He is funny and jokes around a lot, but also runs a tight ship. He is organized and straight forward. Easy A.
4.5 : I took his PHIL 1 class but I'm sure he's the same with all his classes. (Obviously upper course might be a little bit more demanding) He says a paper is due a certain date but then says, "you can still turn it in 3 days later for full credit." lol He does such a good job on lectures and didn't crack open the books! Except for the short novel.
5.0 : I'm generally a mediocre student getting C Or B, but Leonard is interesting and the instruction is clear. Attendance does matter, late submission IS acceptable. Do 4 writing assignments which are easily graded and NO FINAL! I got A for it ...
2.5 : Too much reading and he is a tough grader. Don't bother taking his classes.
4.5 : You do have to write a few papers and one midterm exam but it is fairly easy. Show up to class as your papers and exams are based on his lectures. I loved Olson he is the sweetest I am now taking him again for Phil 120.
5.0 : If I would have found Dr. Olson prior to my senior year I'm sure I would have changed my major to Philosophy, he's that good.  I don't even want to blink during his class because his passion and knowledge make it very interesting.  He is very helpful &amp; one of the best professors Ive ever had.  Wish I could sit &amp; talk to him for hours hes so smart
5.0 : Amazing professor! He inspired me to pursue philosophy as my major, I wish I had a chance to take another class with him. He is very helpful and makes the lectures fun and interesting to attend. He uses lots gof modern-day examples and is really fun and engaging.
5.0 : There are 2 midterms, 1 comprehensive final, and quizzes almost everyday, which aren't hard since it's all OPEN NOTE. 1 argumentative paper. No textbook, you only have to spend $5 on the class notes. There's hw everyday but he doesn't grade it. Just do it because he'll call on you at random to answer and solve the questions.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had in college! He's a great teacher, funny and interactive. There is only a midterm, final, and 6 short essays that go towards your grade. I HIGHLY recommend taking any course with him
4.0 : Not as easy as it seems. Test is not open book whatsoever. I dont recommend taking this class
4.0 : Dr. Olsen is an amazing professor. His lectures are great. Must participate in discussions. Readings are a must. About 4 essays throughout the semester. Test are based on lectures. Gives you extra time to turn in assignments.
4.0 : Professor Olson is an overall good teacher. His material is not the easiest thing but in terms of teaching he does a very good job. You have quizzes almost everyday and the "homework" (which isn't graded) is pretty much what the test is going to be on. Tests are graded toughly, but still a good teacher.
5.0 : Prof Olson was an amazing teacher. There isn't that much homework. There is one quiz at the end of every class. If you miss a quiz you can ask to take the quiz you missed at the beginning of the next class. He is very understanding and his examples of the course material is actually pretty funny.
5.0 : Leonard is really cool and funny. His lectures are pretty fun and the only resource you need is a booklet that costs $5.
5.0 : One of my favorite classes I've ever taken, very nice guy.
5.0 : Here's the deal with Phil1, attendance counts and you can get up to 3 absences without it hurting your grade, but you'll want to go to class because there's a paper on every philosopher we go over and as long as you listen in class, the papers are super easy. There is 2 tests &amp; one small quiz, and a final paper (3-6 pages) &amp; it's all fairly easy
4.0 : He's a great professor!
5.0 : Professor Olson is an older man but he is super funny and kind. His class has frequent homework which is not graded but he will call on almost everyone to answer questions so be prepared. Also has frequent quizzes which are not hard very similar to homework. Overall class has quizzes, 2 midterms, a final, and a short paper. All of which are easy.
5.0 : Olson is an awesome and clear prof. He does not require a textbook only a packet of notes that is like $5 which is awesome. Many quizzes but they are all open note as well as the midterms and final.  Homework not graded but they help on quizzes and he also calls on people to answer questions from it so be prepared.
4.0 : He takes roll, he does make you read four books and write essays on them. He is nice but his lectures are also long and boring. You have to participate since it is part of your grade. He is overall a good teacher but he does expect a lot from you considering it is a general ed class.
5.0 : He's a great teacher that allows you to have a broad spectrum of different opinions and philosophies. I would absolutely take this course and have him as a teacher again if I had the opportunity.
4.0 : Nice teacher. Class is okay if you pay attention in lectures and notes.
5.0 : Loved his lectures. The lectures are fun.
5.0 : Dr. Olson is a wonderful professor. I would hands down take another course with him. He explains things well and this particular class does not require too much effort. Be prepared for pop quizzes. Reading is minimum just make sure you do all your homework and attend lecture.
2.5 : He is harsh on grading. Not an easy class as it seems.
4.5 : I loved this class, hes a great professor and I recommend you take this class as GE, easy A. If you miss a lecture he doesn't mind going over material.  1 paper, 2 midterms(open book), 1 final(open book), and daily quizzes (Easy &amp; Open Book).  Textbook is paper, $5, don't lose it.
5.0 : Dr. Michel is teaching at the University of Minnesota-Duluth now and we are extremely lucky to have him. He is a great prof who cares about students and isn't afraid to speak to his mind. You will learn a great deal from Dr. Michel and you will have to work, but he makes you want to try harder and rewards effort. Overall, the best English prof ever
4.5 : A really cool and laidback teacher. If you want an easy grade and isn't afraid to speak in front of the class, then take her! She's super easy on grading and cancel classes once in a while but that's cool. Only issue I will have is when she give lectures on powerpoints, it's super boring. Just take notes or asking questions so you won't be bored.
5.0 : Ladonna is an amazing professor. You can tell she cares for her students. It is not hard to receive an A in her class, I got a B in her class but that was my fault because I did not study as much I should for her tests so STUDY.
4.0 : An awesome class! Ladonna is a great professor! There are two main group presentations that are not difficult at all, but she randomly assigns groups so hope for the best! As long as you have a good group that actually does their work then it's easy to get an A in the class. Make sure to attend class too! It counts!
4.0 : She is super funny and makes the class super fun. Only three speeches and three exams. Exams are open book online and straight from the book. Made it very easy to present and speak to the class. Gives good feedback on speeches.
5.0 : Professor Hayes is hands down one of the best, most influential, and supportive teachers at Fresno State.  It is obvious she spends time, and puts thought into her lectures and power points.  Even a year after taking her class she remembers me, and is willing to help me with my grad school application.  She is a wonderful and influential woman.
5.0 : easy class, i took comm 3 my first year at fresno state one of the most easiest classes ever. LaDonna is awesome!!
5.0 : Professor Hayes is great! Took a class with her for the first time this semester and wish I would have taken her long ago. Her class is an easy A if you pay attention and do the work. Projects are actually fun and relevant to future success. Tests are online and pretty easy; info straight from the book.  You can tell she loves her students.
4.5 : Ladonna is a really understanding instructor and really easy to pass. You dont really  have to attend class and there aren't many tests.
5.0 : She's an awesome professor! She has a kind &amp; funny personality so I didn't mind talking in front of the class. The tests are easy just as long as you use your textbook &amp; you actually read.
5.0 : Great comm professor! Textbook can be found online, no need to buy or rent. Read the chapters assigned. Quizzes open notes. Speeches are fairly simple.
5.0 : awesome class! super easy, but beware of your group members. She picks them randomly, but you might end up with some lazy people. The tests are super easy! all from lectures and the book! There is two main group presentations, which are not difficult at all. would retake this class again!
4.0 : Ladonna is one of the sweetest women you'll meet. She's a quirky, animal loving professor who is extremely flexible with her students as long as there's good reason for it. She teaches the basic persuasive speaking skills, and we have a couple assignments that evolve around the speeches we give. Tests rely on the book, but are online.
5.0 : Great teacher, loves her job, makes it easy for you, very understanding and energetic upbeat class
5.0 : Definitely recommend
5.0 : If you ever want to take a class that is easy, fun &amp; have a great instructor, take Ladonna. Big heart, humorous &amp; the type of teacher every student would want. Attendance is a must, sometimes noteslectures, tests are fairly easy. No need to buy the book. She makes class fun with her personality alone. Just take her. She's the real MVP.
4.0 : Instructor is cool and grades easy. She is one of the most cheerful teacheers I have ever met. Only little homework was assigned. Class grade is based on 3 speeaches and 3 exams. No final. Read the text &amp; you shall pass the exams. Don't wing speeches &amp; don't read from a paper!! Practice to get a good grade. Good luck!
5.0 : Professor Hayes is the best professor I've taken this year. She is always so happy and is very kind. She never makes anyone feel as if they are less. There are 3 exams and 3 speeches, no final. Read before class, take notes during lecture, and be prepared with your speech. She's awesome!
4.5 : If you want to take comm for GE this could be the best one for you. So easy and so clear instructor, willing to help you all the time. There are two group projects, one presentation and one essay for each project. Also, there are three tests. Make sure to be with a serious group.
5.0 : She is one of the best teachers! She cares a lot about her students and frequently asks everyone for examples to relate the book terms. She is also super funny and says some pretty hilarious things in class. The tests are open book and online.
5.0 : LOVE HER, TAKE HER, EASY A. YOU GUYS WILL NOT BE SORRY. YOU ROCK LADONNA
5.0 : She is one of the best teachers I have taken! I had her my first semester of college and she was so nice and caring. She truly loves her job and her class isn't difficult. I passed her class with a B but that was my own fault for going over the time limit on every speech. I would take her every semester if I could, she is that amazing.
3.0 : Hayes is a good professor but when it comes to speeches she is hard grader. She is sometimes unclear about certain assignments. She is a nit picker but she is also willing to help anyone. She is very sweet, but again a tough grader. But the tests are online and at home which is nice because she gives more then enough time to do the test.
5.0 : Hands down one of the best professors at Fresno State. One of the very few professors that actually cares about their students. Her class and lectures are entertaining and fun. Her instructions and grading criteria are clear. She informs her students what she expects from them. Show up every day, listen, and do well on the test and youll be fine )
5.0 : I love LaDonna!!!! She is a crack up!! She makes everyones day better. She is a super easy grader. As long as you show you are trying you will get at least a B in her course. She loves her students.
5.0 : If you guys want an easy class during your freshmen year, take this course with her! 2 midterms and no final! Her midterms are online on blackboard, open book, with no time limit, and is extended for  3 to 4  days! You don't have to go to her office hours, she emails quickly and clearly! If you just ask her, she'll accept late assignments. :)
5.0 : Ladonna is such a sweet women. Always there for us students and very funny. She really cared about everyone. Hope she teaches another Comm class. Definitely take a class with her! :)
5.0 : LaDonna Hayes is great. She is extremely kind and understanding. She also has a good sense of humor. We gave 3 speeches, the first one around 5 minutes, the second around 8 minutes and the last one between 1 and 2 minutes. She grades generously and the only other work for credit we did were a few online quizzes for a few chapters from the book.
5.0 : I really enjoyed my class with Ladonna! She is super sweet, funny and caring towards her students. I didn't find her to be too tough of a tough grader and her tests are online!
3.0 : Ladonna's pretty scattered brained. At first it bugged me, but then I just got used to it. The way her assignments are worded make them seem way harder than then actually are.
5.0 : LaDonna is an amazing professor. I was able to email her all of my outlines and get feedback even if it was 11pm at night. She's also really funny and makes class enjoyable. Participation counts!
5.0 : First semester in fresno state and this course is by far the easiest one to take!  2 midterms and no final! Read the chapter assigned for the midterm and you should be good! Her midterms are open book on blackboard,with no time limit!She's really caring and so sweet! There is an informative, persuasive and special occasion speech!
4.0 : You will not regret taking her. Class was way more easier than i expected. 3 exams, all on blackboard and very straight forward assignments. She is super nice and really cares about her students. Take her.
5.0 : Ladonna is awesome! if I could I would take all of my classes with her. she's super helpful and genuinely wants her students to be successful in her class. you do have to put in the work that's required of the class but she's an easy grader. definitely recommend anyone to take a class with her if you're given the opportunity.
1.0 : If possible, avoid at all costs! She's abrasive the way she talks to students &amp; treats the class like a Doctorate course. Your expected to write a 15+ page paper on 4 hours of observation, &amp; another 15+ pages reflecting on the observations; due 3 weeks apart but terms are taught the week before its due. Save yourself the time take anyone else.
3.5 : I took Mrs. Cooley for interpersonal communication this past semester and really enjoyed her class. Plan on attending every class session, participate in discussions, make reading the assigned chapters a priority, and study for mid-terms and final
4.5 : It is evident that Dr. Forbes is passionate about the material she teaches. One of the best and most engaging teachers I have had. She is able to accept alternative viewpoints with is a bonus and is discussion driven.
4.5 : I highly recommend him as a professor. Although he has an accent, he teaches very well. He's very helpful. If you don't understand something, just ask him after class. Attendance wasn't mandatory. The class was slightly boring. Other than that, great professor.
3.5 : If you aren't very good at math, his methods of teaching can be very hard to understand. He is intimidating but very sweet and just wants his students to pass. Will stay after class with you to go over any unanswered questions. As long as you consistently show you are trying, he will work with you to help you pass. He is also very funny!!
5.0 : Homework Was Online. Great Math Teacher. He Is So Adorable. Fall 2015 Was His Last Semester Of Teaching So Future Students I'm Sorry, You Won't Be Having Him As A Professor.
3.0 : Very amazing teacher perhaps one of the best MATH1RA/B-4R professor. His homework is always due on Sunday at 11:59 PM. You have a whole week to complete homework assignments. Which is amazing because there is no more than 40 questions. He gives out amazing study guides before Exams, Tests or Quizs. You should definitely take him as A freshmen!
3.0 : good teacher, good class, would take again
5.0 : This is one of the best professors I have taken for math. He made it very easy for me to understand the material and math is not easy for me. He really helps if you do not understand and will help you until you understand. It is mandatory to show up to class in order to learn the material if you struggle in this area. homework is done on mymathlab
5.0 : Took this class over the summer and even though the class was early in the morning, he made the lessons easy and interesting! Hes also very funny!
5.0 : He's a great professor! he may seem scary to approach but don't be afraid, he is willing to help you with any question you have, he wants you to succeed in his class and will always help.  his way of teaching is really great, if you ditch A LOT of classes, you'll fail for sure unless you're confident in your math skills without daily lessons...
5.0 : you don't need any textbook at all, only the online code/purchase for math lab, because he only gives online hw, and gives us a whole week to complete each hw.  he gives daily quizzes sometimes, but they're really easy because he goes over some problems before starting the quiz, so just have a good memory. overall pretty chill and easy class.
5.0 : Honestly, I didn't have to take this class but I did because I didn't know whether I passed my ELM test but anyways, I was taught things that my algebra 2 teacher didn't teach and it was pretty easy. This class was the least of my worries during the semester, and it was simple. He was funny and very straight forward. To say, he's a laugh.
4.0 : Karim is such a nice little man. He was a great professor, explained the content very good and thoroughly! he chooses your best grade out of 11 quizzes and as well as tests. Quizzes were fairly easy! Study for tests! practice exams are exact like test! doesn't like when people don't show up, he will fail you so let him know ahead of time
5.0 : Math is not my strong point and at first he came off as scary or harsh, but was actually very caring, a great teacher, and wants you to understand and pass. Out of 11 quizzes he gives you the points for the best 10, the practice tests are just like the exam, and all you have to do is show up and participate. If you can't come to class, tell him
3.5 : At first, his accent is really hard to understand but you get used to it. He's extremely helpful and always stays after class for questions. It's pass or fail so is not too difficult. 100 question homework per into which is like per month. If you do and understand the homework and attend most lectures, you'll easily pass!
5.0 : If more math teachers were like him, there would not be a need for remedial math courses. So sad to see him retire, although he did say he'd continue teaching one or two classes here and there. If any of you have a chance to be in his class, YOU TAKE IT! He makes math make sense, and he truly wants all of his students to succeed!
4.5 : You must purchase mymathlab. There are 4 HW assignments each consisted of 100 problems. DO NOT PROCRASTINATE! 5 exams, drops your lowest grade and only counts 4 of them. There are no make up's. He's very nice, a bit intimidating but hey you wanna pass? Then ask questions! The good thing is that he ALWAYS has a review day before an exam! Take him.
4.5 : EASY Professor! He's really helpful and really cares on whether you pass the class or not! Only 4 homework assignments and tests! Pretty easy if you understand what is going on and you show up to class for lectures! Attendance isn't mandatory though. He's also a very funny guy but at times he can get impatient
4.5 : Professor Martin was such a sassy sweetheart all semester. Her lectures always come with hilarious jokes and commentary. She says attendance is mandatory but I ditched a good amount of days. I still received an A in the class because I studied for the final. Whenever I didn't ditch, I enjoyed the class.
5.0 : This is a great class. She cares about her classes. Online mid term and online quizzes. Final is very easy. She gives you a study guide and its the same as the final and you can use the staid guide on final.
4.0 : Really easy class. Not the most interesting class, but you watch alot of clips and movies so it's not unbearable. You don't need the textbook at all because everything you need for quizzes, the midterm, and final can be found on her powerpoint slides. Besides that, all you do is a paper at the end of the semester, also easy.
4.5 : Beginning of the semester she may sound mean but it all results from her past experiences with other students. As long as you respect her, she is really nice about everything. NO BOOKS NEEDED! She gives you all the material you need for the test. Really easy A. Class lectures are very entertaining and she's really funny. Would definitely recommend.
5.0 : Leslie is a funny teacher you can definitely tell she is a drama teacher. She actually wants to teach students about theater, and does a good job at it. She can be really moody if you talk or mess around in her class and WILL CALL YOU OUT IN FRONT OF THE WHOLE CLASS. Very easy A if you show up and pay attention.
4.0 : Super funny.  Attendance is not mandatory and you do not have to buy a book for the class.  She basically gives a study guide to what is exactly on the test.  The test is online.
5.0 : Professor Martin was easy to get along with and always makes class tolerable. You hardly use the book, &amp; attendance is mandatory but you can miss up to six days &amp; still earn credit. She provides a lot of extra credit opportunities, take advantage of them. She was very nice &amp; always made class interesting and fun. It's an easy A, take this class.
5.0 : This class was very easy! we watched movies and lecture was very interesting and easy! she made this class fun. Overall semester consisted of going to a musical, blackboard quizzes, a midterm, a paper(very easy) on musical/movie and a final!
5.0 : Professor Martin was so nice and relaxed. She always made class enjoyable. You hardly use the book, which is good for ballers on a budget. She provides a lot of extra credit opportunities, so take advantage of them. She was very nice &amp; always made class interesting &amp; fun. It's an easy A, so take this class. You may like it more than you expect.
4.5 : Leslie is an amazing professor. Her lectures are funny and she genuinely cares about theater. Do not be disruptive in her class because she will not tolerate it. Overall it was a fun class and I would take it again if I could.
5.0 : Class is an EASY A. She's fun, but she's sassy &amp; will call you out if you disrupt class. Attendance every day (sign in on paper), but I missed A LOT of class &amp; still passed with an A. Everything is done online, class is only for notes and movies. I suggest attending review days to see what's on the quizzes/final. Fun extra credit improv scenarios.
5.0 : If you are looking for an easy A, get her! She is super hilarious too. Just do your work and you will end with an A.
5.0 : Leslie Martin makes this class fun and entertaining. Her tests are easy and she is clear about her classes. Half the time you watch plays and movies and then write small things about them. It is a fun and entertaining class, not to mention probably the easiest course I've taken at Fresno State.
5.0 : Easy A. Watch movies, listen to lectures, take a few quizzes on blackboard (multiple attempts), one short paper, go to one musical. She does take attendance at the end of each lecture so attend class. The class itself is as easy as any college course can be; you're just watching movies. You don't need the book at all, so don't waste your money
5.0 : Holy crap, I wish ALL my teachers in the future are like Leslie Martin. She is awesome! Super funny, sweet and highly loves her profession. I feel asleep once and she ripped my butt in front of the 132304982 people. Anyway. She's awesome. Drama 62, attend and pay attention, easy!
5.0 : Class is a joke. The only hard part is....nothing. Sit back, take notes, watch movies and write a paper and two tests. Oh yea I forgot, she gives you a studyguide with everything on it.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class. Professor Martin helps you come out of your comfort zone in regards to acting. The class is really fun and your only homework is to memorize your lines. You do need to attend because you'll be working with a partner 99% of the time, and both parts need to be there for any roles.
5.0 : She's really funny. We watched like 3 full movies and she also shows a lot of movie clips. You do have to pay attention to the movies though because she asks you about them on the tests. The quizzes are really easy just make sure you pay attention in lectures.
5.0 : She's super funny and the class is an easy A. The quizzes are generally online and as long as you watched the movie and paid attention to the lecture you should pass!
5.0 : Super funny and nice it's not hard to pass the class just take notes and watch the movies but pay attention because a majority of the content will be on the quizzes. By far my favorite professor.
5.0 : LOVE this professor. She's understanding, hilarious, and she will get you to appreciate theatre arts. Her grading is simple and she will get you involved in class. Easy A. I would take this class again.
5.0 : Martin is amazing. She is very down to earth and as long as you show her respect she will show you respect. It is very hard not to like this teacher. Class is not hard at all. Watch movies, but do take notes for her midterm and final. One play critique is also needed. Easy, fun class and a great teacher. Don't miss any class though! Must take her!
5.0 : Leslie is a great instructor. She is funny and makes the class enjoyable.  Class is easy to get an A. Many movies and plays shown in class.  Just takes notes in class and you'll be fine. She is very understanding and cares about her students. Class consists of five quizzes, a midterm, small research paper, and final. Do not need book. Great class!
5.0 : great professor, gives great lectures. as long as you go to class and take notes you will pass the class. she is willing to help you out as long as you are willing to put the effort in.
5.0 : Don't really have anything bad to say, only good things. She's a great teacher, funny and knows her stuff. You get to watch a bunch of movies, write one paper, and you may miss three classes; but don't because they are so fun.
3.5 : Easy and fun class. She is a very nice and funny person. Very chill but dont get her mad. You are allowed 3 or 4 unexcused absences after that she will start dropping your grade. She does not assign homework and but you have to go to 2 plays and write a 3 page paper on it. Test are easy, but pay attention in class.
4.5 : Leslie is an amazing teacher! If you're taking Drama 62 for GE, take her class!! She's so fun and always cracking jokes. I learned a lot and she made it fun.
4.0 : Easy class. Just show up and do the midterm,quizzes, paper, and final and you'll pass. Midterm and quizzes were online. Paper was only 3 pages long and final was in class but SUPER easy and she allowed us to use the study guide on it. Take this class! Also, don't get the textbook if you don't think you'll use it. I never used mine.
5.0 : Doug is the coolest prof in town and will help you steer your train straight to ninety land. Had a great time in his class and still love to see him around campus.
5.0 : Dr. Fraleigh is fantastic. He makes his class fun and it's not all that challenging. Show up, do the reading, deliver a halfway decent speech, and you will be fine. Dr. Fraleigh is the type of teacher that you dream of taking for all classes. He's dedicated to making sure his students succeed and is just really awesome!
4.0 : He is so sweet! He is such a jokester! He grades SUPER easy on all the speeches, as long as you have good evidence. He calls on "volunteers" for participation points to answer his questions. Make sure you know the pros and cons to lots of relevant issues today! Overall, I had a wonderful experience with him.
5.0 : The best Comm teacher by a long-shot. He wrote the textbook so you know he's good. A Legend on campus!!
5.0 : Dr. Fraleigh is expert in communication- he literally wrote the book!  I feel like a better and more organized speaker after taking his class. The grade book consists of 4 speeches, a about 9 (one page) reading/ lecture responses, &amp; class participation (which is done using the socratic method).  He is very lax grader and an all-around kind guy.
5.0 : I can not say enough good things about Dr. Fraleigh. It is obvious he is passionate about FOS, which makes learning fun. His energetic, positive vibes reflect on the whole class and makes him a joy to be around. If you are a CSUF student and have not taken a class he teaches, then I feel bad for you, Son. I highly recommend him as a professor!!
4.0 : He is an easy grader if you don't know how to play guitar expect a lot of home practice he is always available to help and give extra credit
4.5 : Professor is great! Attend to 2 concert and write 4 page each essay only, that will cover you up if you miss 5 quiz or fail them , VERY EASY!!.  It will get challenging by the end, but he grades very easy on guitar playing finals.  Guarantee you'll pass if you study playing the guitar hard. Easy Class.
5.0 : Professor Whitehead is awesome! He's a funny guy who's passionate about what he does. There were 4-5 tests, a concert review or two, 2 playing exams and a Final. only for those who want to learn to play guitar. Class is based off book. He is willing to help those who ask. Also you buy your own guitar (Check Craigslist!). I highly recommend him.
4.5 : I would recommend this instructor because he was very helpful to me and was really nice overall. I had a family emergency and helped me out so much with attendance. As long as you do what you're supposed to and try he's going to pass you. Study the book and lessons you learn as a class and you'll be fine!
5.0 : (Guitar Instruction) It's impossible not to learn something from him just from being in the same room. Incredibly knowledgeable with a ridiculous breadth of experience in his field. Super invested in people's success. You get used to his intensity. Passionately dedicated as an artist to music, as a teacher to students, and as a person to people.
5.0 : Professor Whitehead is simply amazing. This is a guitar class, so of course if you're new, it's gonna be a bit challenging. He's very caring and helpful! He will help you outside of class with guitar even if doesn't necessarily have anything to do with a class. I enjoyed listening to him play and teach
4.5 : I took his Music 9 class which is guitar for beginners. This class requires a guitar. He has a corny sense of humor, he comes off as intimating at first but he is super friendly and wants students to have the same passion that he has for the guitar. He moves at a fast pace. There's random quizzes, not that much assignments, he does take attendance.
3.5 : Introduction to music via the guitar. Dr Whitehead is a very talented guy. Very inspirational too. The class fast pace so you MUST practice playing the guitar outside of class. Pop quizzes, 2 tests, no homework. Class gets difficult toward to end of the semester. Music is just difficult in general so practice, practice, practice. Must go to class!
5.0 : Corey is one singularly the best thing to happen to Fresno State. He is overqualified for the position he has and shares his unique Flamenco guitar training to bring a cultured beautiful sound to the music department. He is passionate about his music and teaching it. I had never picked up a guitar in my life. Give it your all and you will do well.
5.0 : Mr. Whitehead is amazing. He cares for all his students. His quizzes are a bit difficult unless you study the textbook. Overall easy class. Just show up and participate.
5.0 : Great professor!  I wish I could take dance classes from him forever.
5.0 : I don't have words to describe Kenneth. He is one if the reasons why I am the type of dance teacher that is super aware of how the body works and how as dancers we need to work with our body differently so we can dance forever.  He doesn't let you have and act with a big head in class, there is a reason why you are there and its to learn.
5.0 : This is a great class if you're not good in math. Very beneficial he will work with you if you have any inconvenience. extremely flexible and practical. The book sucks, he does a much better job at explaining what you need to know..
5.0 : Awesome instructor. She explains everything so that it makes sense to everyone. Take good notes and if you need help don't hestitate to go to her office hours she is very helpful. Wants her students to pass her class. Do all quizzes and attend class. Don't buy the book I didn't and still aced her class. Easy A.
4.5 : The class is pretty easy if you show up and do your work. there are about 9 quizzes and 3 midterm exams over the course of the semester and the final exam at the end. She's very good about helping you and coaching you through the more difficult concepts. There is no required text but i found that the recommended text was very helpful
4.5 : Professor Bertken was a great professor. She gives out tests and weekly quizzes, she expects you to show all of your work. She is always willing to help and wants everyone to pass. I would definitely recommend her!
4.5 : She assigns take-home quizzes. Open book/notes during exams. Textbook is useless; don't buy it. Attendance is not required but miss class and you'll likely fail. Take good notes. Great instructor but my main issue is that we don't get the entire class period for exams, about half. It's hard to finish everything during the time allotted.
5.0 : If you need to take Psych42 Statistics definitely take her!!!!!! She explains everything very well. You have take home quizzes and two midterms and a final. Open notes on everything. Textbook is not even needed since she reviews and gives you handouts. Super nice and kind of funny. Take her! Do not even question it!
4.0 : She's an awesome professor. I was terrified of taking stats but she makes the material easier to understand and she is willing to sit one on one with you to explain if you do not understand. There is no Hw, however there is weekly take home quizzes. They are pretty difficult so I recommend forming a study group, also all exams are open note!
5.0 : Dr. Bertken is such an amazing professor. There were 9 quizzes which are due about every 2 weeks, there are 3 midterms which are open note but this does not mean do not study. There's a final worth LESS than each midterm but it is cumulative. Study. Study. Study. And if you do not understand something, ASK. She's the easiest person to talk to.
5.0 : Dr. Bertken is such an amazing professor. There were 9 quizzes which are due about every 2 weeks, there are 3 midterms which are open note but this does not mean do not study. There's a final worth LESS than each midterm but it is cumulative. Study. Study. Study. And if you do not understand something, ASK. She's the easiest person to talk to...
5.0 : She is very helpful and if you go to her office hours you will do fine. There are quizzes that are assigned for you to do at home if you go to office hours you will get 100% . The quizzes are based off the tests.
1.0 : If I didn't have to take this course in order to graduate I would have dropped it the first week. Not helpful at all! He loves to hear his own voice and literally talks down to students during his lectures. Makes us feel like we are worthless and will never amount to anything. This class gave me severe anxiety.
2.5 : The toughest, most fulfilling course I have ever taken. You'll improve your time management and creative abilities. Sit by someone you can trust, and don't miss class. Work AHEAD &amp; visit his office to ask for guidance on ANYTHING. He has redefined what "professor" is &amp; allows you the opportunity to accomplish several real-life marketing projects.
5.0 : Although I worked the hardest I have ever have for this course, I can't say I didn't learn. He could be intimidating, he does have a big mouth, but his intentions to help us succeed out in the real world are completely sincere. You will graduate with the ability to think about how you think about things.
5.0 : If you are a marketing student, you must take this professor. Yeah there is a lot of work but in the end you learn so much. This man truly cares about his student, he can change the way you think and make you a better marketer and person. Lots of words of wisdom. Show up to class and have fun while learning!
4.5 : Dr Shapiro is a great professor, but do not let that fool you. His class cover a lot of material in a very short period of time. You definitely need to study a lot for quizzes and tests. About 6 total quizzes and 4 tests. No papers or any other assignments. Great class, but difficult.
4.0 : Dr. Shapiro is amazing! By far the most hilarious professor I've ever had here at state. The class does consist of some difficult material in that it heavily deals with the brain (it is a neuroscience class). 2 exams, study and you should be fine. 2 brain anatomy quizzes (easy), 1 webpage that you have to create with a 1400 word essay. Recommend!
5.0 : Professor Shapiro is an amazing professor. I took the TTh class and we only had class Tuesday's. He wrote his own book and it is very easy to understand. Thursday class is online. A lecture gets posted and a quiz is due before class Tuesday and a 5 question in class quiz occurs on Tuesday from the lecture. Class time is spent discussing the topic.
5.0 : I took him on his first semester teaching Environmental Psychology. Class was light on psych, heavy on enviro, but the content was interesting nonetheless. There's a major group project, and I usually hate those, but this one was a lot more fun and interactive than any other group project I've done. He's also a funny guy, so that's a plus.
4.0 : Easy course to take! Watch the youtube lectures and take notes to do well, they are actually pretty entertaining! The exams are not too hard, but if you don't do too well on one, there are plenty of other (easy) online assignments to make up for the points. I enjoyed the material, and never worried about my grade in the class. Easy A.
5.0 : Dr. Shapiro is by far the best professor at Fresno state.  Extremely smart, funny, and kind.  Get ready to read for quizzes and to dedicate some time for this course.  I've taken him for biopsych as well.  He's overall just a great passionate teacher.
4.5 : Don't chicken out on this class. You won't realize how much you needed it until the first day. Amazing professor. He's a neuroscientist with a personality, class is never boring. Read your textbook. Spend 2 hours a week on the class. Tests are tough if you don't sit down to know and understand material. Such a great teacher!!
4.0 : I took Motivation Online with Dr. Shapiro. No book is required. Plenty of assignments to accumulate points. Keep up on your lectures and make sure you pay attention to due dates. Work in groups if possible.
4.0 : Shapiro is a great professor, he forms his class like a hybrid class so you do the reading before class and then he answers any questions about the chapter in class. It is a great way to learn. His class is the only class I can stay fully awake and aware in! Be ready for heavy content with this class, not an easy A.
3.0 : His lectures are entertaining enough, but it's the book that's a bore. He doesn't make you read the entire chapter, just a few sections. His tests are really hard and the questions don't really come from his material. You kind of have to guess what the answer is bc you never remember reading about it. He has a lot of quizzes and a paper.
4.0 : Dr. Shapiro is amazing! Gives great lectures and is very clear. There are 2 anatomy tests as well as two lecture tests (midterm and final). The rest are short quizzes done at home and in class.  There is a web expert paper that was pretty easy. Overall the class is easy but does require a lot of studying.
4.0 : I did not buy the book and earned a B - the book cost too much for me. Dr. Shapiro is great at explaining things, but his tests can be difficult because he asked specific questions. Just print out the powerpoints to take notes along with the lecture He is great at responding to emails. He also offers extra credit for participating in his studies!
4.5 : Dr. Geringer is extremely knowledgeable, and I looked forward to coming to her class EVERYDAY (she tests off lectures). Amazing, inspiring stories. Very tough A - she expects you to really work for it. Very strong personality. I would definitely recommend this professor if you're willing to put forth some effort and learn a ton about marketing!
5.0 : I would take Dr. Geringer again in a heartbeat. One of my favorite teachers at Fresno State so far. She will get to know you, makes the class enjoyable, and knows her stuff about marketing. You'll have to work for it though, her class is tough. If you study for the tests, and do the projects, you can pass.
2.5 : She makes up her 1/2 of her test from lecture while the other half is from multiple choice from the book.  You are required to do remedial homework where you cut and paste ADs. The homework is a time sink and an insult to students who don't have the time do the homework.  She is also the former chair of marketing with a BIG EGO.  Avoid her!
4.0 : I've had this professor for a ton of advertising courses (142,144,146,148)  &amp; shes is the best. Super easy to pass her class, and the course work is fun and entertaining. Even if you aren't an advertising major, take MCJ 142 if you want a fun, easy A but be prepared to get called out in front of the whole class if you show up even a minute late...
4.5 : Dr. Asahina is such a wonderful lady.  Regardless of the way she runs her classes, you should get to know her as an advertising/media professional.  She's well-connected, thoughtful and dedicated for her students.  She's my inspiration in college, and you should take at least one class with her!
5.0 : Excellent professor !
5.0 : If you go to class you'll pass. This is a easy class and almost every time she lets you out supppppper early.
4.5 : Great class. Advice: Make sure to read his books b/c very helpful with tests. His tests require more than just listening to his lectures (applied questions). Great professor; learned a lot about persuasion! It's a easy class if you pay attention and read his books!
5.0 : Great professor! He is kinda famous - he's done tons of research and is well known for many of his studies. You will learn a lot from him! Best in the subject!!!He is also a great person to go talk to about graduate schools and advising stuff.
5.0 : He's one of the best Psychology professor ever! Very helpful! Be friends with him if you can. You won't regret it! I learned so much in the class!! Fundamental Attribution Error. If you don't know what that means, you'll know it by the end of the class. :)
4.5 : Went into the class hearing that not many people pass, came out with an A. She likes to make sure that her students understand what's going on, so ask questions if you need to, she WILL explain! She sets a specific amount of time for each thing to do (hw, lecture, etc) so if you go through fast you get out early (I did everyday). She's great!
5.0 : she explains how to do the math just like in any other class in her lectures so you should go every time if she goes too fast just ask her to slow down also, there are online quizzes that you have to complete but theyre really helpful and  I recommend going to the lab she is a geek which she admits herself but its really cute and funny do the hw
4.0 : Hollenbeck is a very helpful teacher and answers all questions you have. Tests are tough, expect to study often in order to pass the tests. Online quizzes help you study, and add a lot to your grade at the end of the semester (don't procrastinate on them).
5.0 : Loved this professor, had her in the Fall of 2015 for DS-71. The class itself is generally easy because it is basic algebra, but when it gets harder she walks through every step to ensure you fully understand the concept. Her class was very helpful as well for later business classes. She is also very friendly, I still say hi to her in the halls
3.0 : Mrs. Hollenbeck is very fast paced, which I found it hard to keep up w the class. You have to remain consistent w the class or you'll get lost (if you can't keep up, take a different teacher). She is pretty straightforward w her expectations. I'd recommend seeking her assistance everyday when it comes to homework or tests.
4.0 : Doesn't mess around. Goes through lecture material fast every class but if you ask questions she will explain better. Almost always had class time after lecture to start on homework and ask questions if needed. I'm TERRIBLE at math but liked her because I knew everything she said was relevant and worth listening to. She will not waste your time.
4.5 : She made me like math. Very helpful and nice. If you need help take her class definitely.
4.0 : With a little bit of help from the tutoring center, this class was a breeze. Hollenbeck really looks out for her students, so long as they are willing to put in the effort. It's as simple as this: if you pay attention, do your homework, and get clarification where you're confused, you'll most likely pass this class with flying colors
3.5 : Great lecturer. Felt easy  at first, but if you miss class you won't understand what to do. The DS Lab REALLY HELPED. I suggest going every week to help you with homework.
4.5 : Great professor. Really knows what she's teaching. Tries to connect as many real world examples as she can. Clear on what HW is as well as whats on the test. May go a bit quick but offers class time to catch up. Biggest piece of advice ASK QUESTIONS!! After every part of the lesson she asks if anyone has questions, if you do then ask!
2.0 : She's easy sometimes but the explanations she gives are horrible. I couldn't keep up and it seems as if she doesn't really want you to come to office hours because when I went she was very cold. If you're good in math already, take it with her. If not, don't bother.
5.0 : Profesor Hollenbeck is amazing!  I really have a hard time with math and i struggle understanding it but she is awesome. She really takes the time to make sure you understand whatand going on. I've been trying to pass math forever and I finally have.
1.5 : There is so much homework given, knowing that we have other classes. She was never clear, she just seemed to be all over the place. I feel like she wasn't good at explaining. She has preferred students and basically if you're not one of them, she will seem almost bothered if you ask for help...You're basically teaching yourself.
4.0 : There are plenty of extra credit opportunities that are added to your exam score.  You don't need to put forth much effort besides the homework, online quizzes and tests. There is a common final, so it's not like her tests and it's annoying, but just do the extra credit to make up  for it.
4.0 : Go to lectures. She'll go over any questions on the old  hw and she writes the new hw on the board. EC offered but don't rely on it. Go to tutoring if you need extra help or ask her, she's willing to help. Lectures were straightforward and easy to understand for me.
4.0 : Great teacher. People complain about homework after each chapter but how else are you going to practice the material? She lectured pretty fast but how else are you supposed to jam homework questions and lecture in less than 40 minutes. Great teacher , people just need to realize they have to earn their grade.
1.0 : Horrible teacher. She rushes through all lectures. Doesn''t provide help if you need it. Complains when we don''t understand problems. She is very scattered. She took 2 whole weeks to grade a 21 problem test. She does not teach well at all. She is completely scattered and does not do anything in order. Horrible and I do not recommend
4.5 : She lectures very fast but for me, she's easy to understand. If you're good at math, take her! If not, I wouldn't recommend her at all.
4.0 : Although attendance isn't mandatory, you'll be lost without her lectures. She us pretty clear and will always offer help when you need it. She is definietly there to help you along and does her best to prepare you for test. If you can understand the concepts, it's an easy A. Would definitely recommend her.
3.5 : If you study for the 3 tests that she usually has, you'll do good. I only got a C because I didn't study for the firsts 2 test (F &amp; D), but got a 94% on last one. Homework is graded by your self in class and she gives you the right answers. It's all due before each test so you have time to finish. Also, online quizzes are due at the end semester
4.5 : If you have a good math background you'll do awesome. Straightforward understand all your homework and do them on time and you'll do good on the test. I would definitely take this class if i needed to
5.0 : Very sweet hearted and understanding, she does everything on her part to get you to pass, always offering extra credit and make up work for full credit, will reopen online assignments if you ask and are nice, is very thorough in explaining problems and doesnt mind at all for asking help, makes class fun with question of the day! Take her!! Great!
5.0 : She goes over her lectures very fast. Very is easy class and she is hilarious. Majority of the time you'll get out of class early. EASY TEST AND CLASS.
1.5 : She does teach fast &amp;I can see how  students may have a hard time with that. I had to retake this class and so it made it a bit easier but there were  also some stuff I hadn't learned previously that I learned well from her. I understood her better vs the previous teacher. The only negative is that she didn't email me back about my grade.
4.5 : Hollenbeck is a great teacher that is very flexible when it comes to turning in homework and taking tests. She moves pretty quick through her lessons but is very clear. I personally thought the class was very easy, but a lot of my classmates did not agree with me. Overall, if you show up to class on a regular basis you should not have a problem.
5.0 : If you have to take DS71 I recommend you take it with Hollenbeck. She taught this course really well, had weekly assignments from the textbook but only collected homework 4x a semester, which was very helpful. Her tests were not hard at all, they were all 25 Qs but the final was about 45. Easy class, &amp; shes so nice, definitely would take again.
4.5 : She was a great professor and I wish she taught DS73 too! She was flexible when it came to missing class for a good reason, and her tests were exactly like the problems she assigned in class. The lectures were easy to follow and if you didn't get something, she was more than willing to help.
3.0 : For me math is a difficult subject and mrs. Hollenbeck is a big help. There are a few tests, there are also online quizzes that are open from day one til the end of the semester, start early because there is alot. I would recommend you do the quizzes after each section because it helps with tests. tests are in the testing center. there is homework
5.0 : Best math instructor I have every had. She presents the materials in a clear manner. You only turn in your HW a few time during the semester, STAY ON TOP OF IT. She cares about her students and will take the time to help you understand the material, just ask if you don't understand. I would absolutely take another class with her in the future.
5.0 : This was a pretty easy class overall. You definitely need to do the assignments and writings, the points are small but will add up. Class seems a little long, especially if you are not into watching dance videos. As long as you do your work and participate in class, you'll have no problem getting an A. He is a very lenient grader!!
5.0 : Great guy! I ended up getting over 100% on both tests. If you participate, do your work and pay attention, you'll easily get an A. But participating and reading are important for that. He also gave great feedback on my paper. This was one of the only classes I've ever taken that I knew I was going to get an A in by finals week. Classes are long...
5.0 : This professor is amazing, dance 16 isn't the most interesting class but as a students you can tell he loves being there and teachers, make the class go by faster. He gives minimum homework, and very understanding about late work as long as you email him. Overall, he's an amazing professor. RECOMMEND, RECOMMEND!
5.0 : This by far has been my favorite class. He is very passionate about the material. He is also very helpful! One midterm and final, a couple little essays, 1 research paper. Midterm and Final are what he talks about in class so take good notes. Flexible on due dates. iClicker questions before class. LOTS of extra credit.  Had over 100%
3.0 : Class isnt bad as long as you go. Participation points for speaking, blue book entries and i clicker questions before class on the assigned reading. Reading is  short (5-10) pages. There are a lot of videos he plays but all of test content is covered in class. One research paper, midterm and final. He offers extra credit by attending live dance
5.0 : Dr. Jones is one of my favorite professors! She's helpful and funny which makes the class enjoyable. There are three exams which are open book/notes. This class is tedious, so my biggest advice is not to procrastinate! Take Psych 144 with her, you'll learn a lot and have a better appreciation on how to conduct research. (at least I did lol)
4.5 : Amazing professor, She was always very excited about class everyday and always keeps lecture interesting everyday. She makes even the most boring topics fun. Take her, she grades fair and tests are open notes. Don't procrastinate on the research report. And make sure to study for the final even though it's open notes. Lab was a waste of time
3.5 : Pretty easy class always let's you out early. Only 4 essays and she explains everything before then.
4.5 : She's a great professor! Super nice and she is very clear on what she wants. If you do not understand anything, just ask and she will be gladly to help. I learned a lot from her about my writing.
5.0 : I love Mary as a english teacher. I had her as a teacher during my freshman year in English 10 too. She is intimidating at first, but she really grows on you. She's funny and let's class out early all the time. She tells you exactly what she wants from you in your paper, and grades pretty easy. Not a hard class at all!
4.0 : She is clear on the work she wants you to do. She gave extra credit on some things in order to help out her students. She also gave grammar quizzes but she emails you to tell you when there is going to be one. Always check your emails.
5.0 : Excellent teacher! She expects a lot but is very understanding and clear about her expectations from the get go. Assignments were actually fun in this class!
4.0 : easy class if you try on the essays
4.0 : Explains her assignments well, nice,
2.0 : Pay attention, take good notes, and you will pass the tests. This professor is extremely liberal, so make sure you write your papers as if trying to appease his liberal tendencies. All in all, not that hard. Just be ready to hear all about his political views. I never read the assignments and got an A.
5.0 : He does make you work for it, but is totally fair and is very helpful. He even has an excerpt in is syllabi that states he will help you all he can and that he recognizes that college and life is tough and wants to help. I thought that was amazingly kind and he actually lives up to it. He's a great person and is passionate, funny, kind, &amp; smart!
5.0 : There are 4 short papers; 3 pages max. Lots of assigned reading. The reading will show up on tests as well as some of notes in class. Do the readings &amp; take good notes. Teacher gives everything you need to pass the exams. I suggest making a study guide with questions that you think he will ask as you will not know the questions asked on the test.
4.0 : The class was very interesting and he's helpful as long as you make an effort. There are multiple short papers and 3 midterms (no final). There is a curve in class so try to score above it for the best results! The class is a little difficult so always attend lecture and pay extra attention to bold faced print.
2.0 : Pay attention in class, take notes. Ask questions if needed. His class consists of only 3 exams all worth 100 points each. Half the test is multiple choice other half is write in. The average scores for all the test were: 59.21, 67.41, and 62.76. No extra credit offered. Good luck if you take him.
3.0 : His lectures were ok but I felt like he sort of sets you up for failure by giving no study guide or direction prior to the first test.  Tests were hard and that's all your grade is including 2 short papers based on readings.  Although there was no textbook his readings were difficult material. :/
5.0 : I am a Republican and was concerned that an environmental science professor would attempt to indoctrinate me with his own beliefs. Professor Somma is fair, honest, and very polite. He always shows both sides of the argument and if you have a different opinion, he actually likes it. The service project that this class requires was easy.
5.0 : Very interesting class and Somma does a great job. His lectures are very interesting.
2.0 : He's a good person but I would not want to take him again. His exams are very tricky as he uses different vocabulary on the exam. Not much of an easy grader
5.0 : Super easy class
5.0 : This class was the only time I ever truly enjoyed learning about history. She presented everything in such a fascinating manner, and I really learned a lot and appreciated her class.
5.0 : Dr. Clune is a hilarious professor, her class is really interesting  and the stories that she tells are the best. All that you really have to do is just show up and take notes and you'll pass the class.
5.0 : Best teacher at Fresno State!  Show up to class, read your books, and study her lecture notes, you will do well.  You have 3 precis, 1 map quiz, 1 paper, mid-term, and final to complete.  She is so hot too!
5.0 : Only online quizzes, she is very flexible and fun to be in class every day. She does quick writes which aren't very difficult but you need to be in class everyday.
5.0 : Super nice, and makes her lectures very interesting. I recommend her for this class. She is super funny and quirky. Gives quick writes throughout the semester. If you miss the class it'll be hard to keep up with the material
1.0 : Her lectures contain 60% class materials to 40% irrelevant conversations. She moves back and forth between the two, so if anyone starts to ignore what shes saying (which is extremely easy to do) and then shes back on topic, you will miss what was needed to be heard. She also plays favorites with students, friendly to some while rude to others.
3.0 : Solid prof, and great lectures. However, tough grader on papers. U have 3 precis (short papers on the books). Tough assignments though. I suggests U find the authors thesis &amp; 3 quotes instead of reading the books. There is a movie review &amp; a final paper as well. The final and midterm consist of 4 matching terms and essay. She gives a study guide.
4.5 : wonderful professor.  10 am class? she'll wake you up. hilarious lectures. she likes to talk and is super friendly. skipped a few classes and still got an A. Notes are important because that's your only source of information. No textbook just 2 books barely used. if You miss class, you better know your history.
3.5 : Really great professor, I hate history but she made the class very interesting and understandable. Her grading criteria is layed out in the syllabus, there are usually weekly quizzes (based on book) however there are unlimited attempts. Exams are not too hard they are strictly based in notes.
4.5 : Clune is not only a great history teacher but is an even better teacher of teachers. She is inspirational, and open to new ideas on how to teach. She is very encouraging. She does grade hard on papers, but his is college... she should have a high level of expectation.
4.0 : Didn't have class at all for 3 weeks straight and after that we met maybe twice a week instead of three. Broke the paper into four different due dates so it was much more manageable.
5.0 : She told jokes often which helped keep me interested because I am not a history fan. If you don't like history, take her! If you like history, take her! She is amazing! Don't remember using a text book, but don't take my word for it.
5.0 : Dr. Clune is hilarious and makes history interesting. really interesting, fun morning class.  easy weekly quizzes based off readings, 10 quick writes, a midterm and final. she also seems to care a lot about her students and is very approachable.
4.0 : Professor Clune  was awesome! Enjoyed going to her class every week and her lectures were always interesting. Had one midterm, final, weekly quizzes and 10 quick writes. I would say it is important to not miss out her class at all! She's a very approachable and caring professor, definitely recommend to her for History 12.
4.5 : Ms. Powell is an awesome professor I really enjoyed taking this class with her and I really recommend taking this class with her, She is very understandable and willing to help you improve on your paper. The class overall isn't  to difficult and she always there for you.  She also offers extra credit by replying back to Bb discussion.
5.0 : The best English teacher! She’s extremely laid back. She explains how to write in an understanding way and for you to pass this class is to write well and do your work. She is extremely helpful and she’ll definitely try to help you on writing essays. Overall if you don’t pass her class then I don’t know where you have been.
5.0 : What an amazing professor! I recommend taking her class. She is very nice and if you have missing assignments she'll let you make them. It is an easy A if you show up to class and do all the work. I took this class and ended up with an A++ with the extra credit that she gives. She responds to emails if you have any questions.
5.0 : Professor Powell was super helpful and caring.  She makes transitioning into college very smoothly.  Her class is very easy as long as you do the assignments and follow her essay directions.  She allows you to turn in late work but do not let that be an excuse to procrastinate on assignments.  Overall, I strongly recommend her class.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had so far. Mrs. Powell gives the best possible feedback on what you need to work on in order to improve, whether it be on essays, assignments, etc. Not to mention she is really funny.
5.0 : Prepare to write essays! She's very helpful. Gives great feedback. You will have to do homework. It's not that hard. Just write well and do all of the blackboard assignments and you will be guaranteed to pass. This professor is highly recommended!
5.0 : Gives papers daily, she's organized. She has the entire schedule up and nothing changes. You can finish the class in a week if you wanted too. She's kind, easy, and is respectful.
5.0 : She such an amazing teacher, i really enjoyed her class. She is very detailed in assignments, but will explain more depth if needed. If you do not pass this class then something is wrong
5.0 : I definitely recommend taking this class. Powell is the best English teacher on campus. Very helpful and nice! A lot of reading and writing. Lectures can be boring but she can funny at times.
4.0 : She does assign weekly assignments, but they aren't the hardest thing in the world. There are two big papers throughout the year, I suggest not waiting till the very last minute to write them.
5.0 : Pretty easy class. She does a good job explaining what our essays should be about. She offers extra credit. You do write a few essays but it is an English class. Taking her again for 5B.
4.0 : Loved her class. Not hard at all unless you don't like to listen to teachers talk. She would basically go over what you needed to know for a project and you'd do it. Simple!
5.0 : I can honestly say Professor Powell was a very caring and helpful professor! This class was very easy as long as you did your work. She also give many chances to make up missed points! Keep up to date with all the readings(sort of a lot of reading) and you should write her many small essays with ease. Take my word, as this is not my strong subject!
5.0 : Professor Ryan is great! I have never enjoyed a math class until this one! You can tell he really does want you to be successful.
5.0 : he is a good professor. Go to class to learn the material. If you don't obviously you'll fail because,  c'mon, it's math ! Anyways everyone says he is better than the other dude that teaches this same class. Kryder is his name i think. so yeah take jim ryan.
5.0 : Great professor. Uses the iClicker and that's really the only negative about the class. Very easy to skip and very easy to understand powerpoints posted if a lecture is missed.  This guy is hilarious. Never a dull moment in his lecture. He even played Tool in class.
4.0 : super easy math class to fullfil ge req. as long as you pay attention and do homework tests are a breeze. hw is online and easy.  literally got 100% and 95 on tests (never did that well in math). pretty much basic math. drops lowest test score, adds 10% to hw score. really wants everyone to pass :D
4.0 : Ryan is a great teacher. He makes things really easy to understand. He does take role so attendance is mandatory. If you don't go to class, you will miss out on clicker points. He is a pretty cool teacher, but he is strict when it comes to phones. If one goes off in class, HE WILL KICK YOU OUT!
4.0 : Attendance is mandatory if you want to pass.i clicker points do make a difference! He makes learning math very easy and fun. He has review days where he goes over the study guide before the test. He's a great teacher I recommend him for those that hat have a difficult time with math or who just want to pass this class with an easy A.
4.5 : Super fun guy and is very clear. Hated math until this class. He makes it interesting and applicable to life. Attendance is mandatory (and his lecture helps a lot) and make sure you don't procrastinate the homework. It's easy points and easily forgotten since its online.
5.0 : Ryan is a very cool and hilarious professor. Remember to takes notes and pay attention.
4.5 : I hate math with a passion, but ryan made math seem somewhat easy. Some concepts were difficult, but if you ask your classmates (which he practically mentions you should do everyday) or ask him during office hours, he'll help. You use iClickers and do homework online. He likes joking around too, so that made math kind of interesting.
5.0 : By far my favorite teacher and I'm not even a math major!
4.5 : Ryan is one of the best math professors I have ever had! Math is one of my toughest subjects but he explains everything so well. The study guides are very similar to the tests, so I recommend doing them. Overall, great teacher!
4.0 : I took 2 of his classes, math 4R and math 45 and I hate math, but he made it a lot easier and easy to understand. I sat in the very front row in both classes and he is really cool and funny! It would really hard not to pass his class.
5.0 : Very great professor! Trust me if you hate math with a passion he'll make you at least like it! Very funny and his lectures are very helpful. He does his best to explain math to you and makes sure you get what he's teaching. I would definitely take another class with Professor Ryan!
4.5 : Professor Ryan is awesome! He is on top of his work. Everything is organized, responds to emails and grading is all in line. His teaching is great and it also helps that he is hilarious. I would definitely take him again and would recommend him to others. 5 exams, only 4 count. HW for each chapter and quiz. (JUST BY THE ACCESS CODENO BOOK!).
5.0 : Funniest guy you'll ever meet. Math 45 is a WEIRD class, but he makes it so much fun. You will crack a laugh with this guy in your class, I GUARANTEE IT. Do your homework WITH A FRIEND. It will help SO MUCH. Study for the exams, and you'll pass this class easily. Clickers ARE needed for attendance, so don't be a slump. TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Take his class. amazing teacher, funny, makes it easy and so you can understand it
5.0 : Took this class so i could take chem(couldn't get into anything else). Im naturally good at math, and I thought he made this whole course a piece of cake. The grading is super fair, and he doesn't want anyone to fail. Make MATH FRIENDS and study before the test by making the cheat sheet. He also usually goes over these the first few classes so hi.
5.0 : This class was really easy and Jim Ryan may possibly be my favorite professor at State. He really pushes the "new-found math friends" to do your work with, and it really does help. You use iClickers for attendance and extra points and he does everything he can to make sure you pass. Overall it's an easy class and I actually looked forward to going!
5.0 : Show up to class his lectures are important, he makes it easy to understand the material and if you still don't get it just ask him and he'll be glad to help. Definitely recommend him
4.0 : All you have to do is attend every class. Take notes, participate in clicker questions, and do the homework and quizzes online. Class is always active, never a dull moment. Jim is a great professor, he knows what he's doing. Great class.
3.5 : Fun class and fun teacher. Attend class; attendance matters and he goes over how to do the homework. Exams were just like the practice exams and allows one page of notes (back/front), and no pop quizzes. Online homework/tests for chapters. If you get an A (90.0%) in the class (540 out of 600 pts.) you don't have to take the final. Would take again!
5.0 : I hate math but this class was fun! Honestly a great professor! You will not be bored in class mostly since you must participate with i-clickers. He will help with the homework andbut the lectures are clear. There are 4 exams and you can skip the final if you are happy with your grade! Get the ebook wMyMathLab! Don't fall back on the homework!
3.0 : Homework wasn't bad, lectures were always interesting. 3 tests in class 2 tests online drops lowest one. Homework online. Online tests can be done with friends. Don't skip class. Make friends in class. Would take him again.
5.0 : He makes lectures interesting and explains the material really well, I found myself actually enjoying the class and I HATE math. You get homework on mymathlab but it's easy and you have plenty of time to do it. Clicker points are important. There's 4 exams but they're similar to the practice exams so just go to review. Really an amazing professor!
5.0 : Mr. Ryan is absolutely amazing! You get homework for every class on mymathlab but it is exactly what was gone over in class. There are 4 exams with one final and he drops the lowest. I honestly learned from this class and he made it easy!
4.0 : One of the best teachers I have taken. Don't skip class though, if you do you'll get behind. Super easy class if you understand the lectures.
5.0 : By far the best class I've taken, Ryan is hilarious and makes his class fun by telling stories or making jokes. It's math so who would want to be there? He makes it bearable. You don't need a textbook but you need a mymathlab code. Make sure to go to class if you're not all that great at math because the tests are based off lectures and homework.
5.0 : Ryan uses iClickers (easy points) for attendance/participation. Online hw/quizzes due before each exam. 4 Exams &amp; 1 Final (optional) - 2 Exams online &amp; 2 in-class. Allows 1 pg notes for exams. I suggest going to lectures because you'll need the notes &amp; he helps explain things better, but I self-taught myself with the hw/quizzes so that's fine, too.
4.5 : Want to PASS this class?! Then better get rid of your FEELINGS and put away those PHONES!!! Ryan doesn't give two crackers about how you feel, it's not about that in his class, it's about math! Lastly, put away those phones or get kicked out. He's such an awesome and fun teacher anyways that you won't even be looking at your phone.
5.0 : Great teacher, Very straight forward.  The tests are short and he allows notes.  If you pay attention in class and do the homework, you're almost guaranteed an A.  He is a funny guy, which makes lectures more enjoyable.  I highly recommend him, for someone (like me) who isn't the best at math. Willing to help anyone.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class. Professor Ryan definitely knows how to teach math &amp; seriously encourages making "math friends". Pay attention in class &amp; you'll definitely pass. You don't have to take the final if you're satisfied with the grade you have after the last exam.
5.0 : I am absolutely awful at math. Professor Ryan is the only instructor I've ever had that made everything understable. He always makes class interesting and interactive. Just don't skip class and don't get have your phone out during class and you'll do fine.
4.0 : I had Professor Ryan at Clovis Community &amp; I really enjoyed his class. He has a sense of humor &amp; doesn't just have boring lectures like a lot of professors. Go to class, take notes, &amp; do the homework (which isn't mandatory) &amp; you will be fine. The students who struggle are the ones that miss class or don't take notes.
5.0 : Easy math class Attendance isn't necessary, yet you miss out on participation points.  You need mymathlab &amp; a clicker There is 2 tests that you take inside the class and the other two you can take it at home and with a friend. The final is inside the class and he also gives you the option to take it or not.
5.0 : He truly wants you to succeed and tries his best to make the math interesting!
4.0 : If you didn't purchase the textbook, you will have to pay close attention and take good notes. He is very straight forward what need to be done, lectures are good, his tests are the same as his lecture/ mymathlab. Do the work, then you will pass.
4.0 : recommend he is a funny teacher and explains the chapters in a way you can understand even if your not good at math. suggest you work in groups to study much easier for quizzes and more prepared for tests. He gives lots of chances to pass his class just practice through the hw on online there are i iclicker points daily.
5.0 : Professor Ryan saved me from misery! I took math 45 and failed with another professor but Ryan made it so easy! I got 100 on almost all my exams, he is great overall. He is funny as well. Very strict about phones, but you shouldnt be on it anyways! Recommend him !!
5.0 : Makes math easy to understand and can understand math again. I use to get a C close to a D in high school now I get a A &amp; B his class.
4.0 : Ryan is a great professor and super hilarious. Be sure to buy the online codes for Pearson, thats the only way to complete homework. Attendence is added to your grade so be there as much as possible. Quizzes and tests are pretty easy if you come to lectures and do homework.
5.0 : Honestly, one of the best math teachers, you must try to not pass his class. I loved having him and everyone would tell me I got lucky, they were right!
3.0 : Super funny and cool teacher. Very good at what he does. One thing is when you need help, ask your friends!!! And keep the phones away!
5.0 : Professor Ryan is like the Bill Nye of math. He makes lectures fun and interesting, and math actually understandable.   10/10 A+ would take again.
5.0 : Solid all american teacher, I'll probably name my first child after this man because of how great his class was.
3.5 : This was the first math class in my whole life that I actually enjoyed. He's such a great teacher and explains things so well. I got an A on all the tests. Get the online book. He assigns online homework and you have like 2 weeks to complete it.
5.0 : Wonderful, hilarious and straightforward professor you'll ever have at FS. Makes math fun and easy, he also tells funny jokes and stories about his experiences. 5 tests in total and the lowest one is dropped. Clicker is required for questions and attendance. Math is all done on my Math Lab. Take him for Math 45 you won't regret it!
4.5 : Awesome teacher. Explains things very, very well. Very easy to pass if you show up. Clickers are a must. Online homework is pretty simple if you pay attention in class. Overall amazing teacher and I highly recommend him.
5.0 : He is an excellent teacher! Straight forward and gives great lectures! If you pay attention and do the homework, you can definitely pass the class!
3.5 : Definitely the best math teacher on campus. He's always making us laugh and he makes his lectures easy to understand. He's always there for help but he recommends you ask your "friends" first before going to him. Online homework with quizzes which are easy &amp; he gives so much time to do them. 4 exams and final is optional (depends). Would recommend.
5.0 : Professor Ryan is a great instructor. What makes this class hard i if you don't show. He's clear with all of his instructions and will help out with any HW question you have trouble on.
4.5 : Math definitely is not my strongest subject but Ryan made the work seem so easy and explained everything so well. He is for sure the best math instructor I've ever had and I'm looking forward to having him again for Math45. He prepared you well for exams and the homework was easy. Overall an easy class and I enjoyed his presence. Great professor!!
4.5 : He is a good teacher. The tests are really easy, he lets you use 2 big notecards for the test and if you do good on all the exams then the final is optional. All the homework is online.
5.0 : Makes math look easier than it is. Explains super well. Book is not required. Attend every lecture, he takes roll with iclickers and the points added up are worth points. Worth part of your grade.  Homework assigned online mymathlab, gives you plenty of time before it's due. Half the exams are take home and half are in lecture.
4.5 : Ryan was great and made everything really clear! Show up to class just do the online homework and your good! Also don't take kyder lol you will regret it choose ryan! ! He's great at his job.
4.5 : This is by far the definition of a college professor. I took Ryan's 8am math 103 class and it was a dread to wake up that early but I personally work better in the morning. The exams are easy as long as you do the study guide and right good notes for the exam. Just show up to class, do the homework, and study and you'll pass this class.
4.5 : The lectures fun and worthwhile to show up. He takes attendance with the iClickers (which are about $20). He has all the lectures posted on Blackboard. Hw and quizzes are done online through Mymathlab (costs about $95). Tests are taken in the testing center. Before each test, he will hold a practice test in class to prep you for the exam.
4.0 : Prof. Ryan is very straight-forward and the material is easy to understand. There are two in class exams and two exams that are taken online. Attendance is mandatory in order to receive your i-clicker points. Gives plenty of time to do your homework. Highly recommend taking him for math 45!
5.0 : Mr. Ryan is one of the best math teachers Ive ever had. I enjoyed going to his lecture class. Everything about him was just great (: ! It's important to participate in clicker points. Don't miss class or else you won't understand the online homework. There are 4 exams plus the final but the final is not mandatory. 3 3 3 love him
4.5 : This class was the first math class I got an A in since 6th grade. Ryan is an excellent teacher, he makes his lectures interesting and makes you want to learn. I wish more  professors could be like him.
5.0 : Dr. Gilbert is an awesome teacher! His lectures are full of good examples to keep things interesting. Very approachable, allows you to view your exam scores in-office and will fix mistakes made in grading. Gives extra credit for class participation. Allows notes for exams, but exams are TOUGH and require you to know lots of history and details.
4.0 : By far the best professor i have ever had at state. Unlike a lot of professors on campus, he is really willing to help you out. I love how he gets everyone to participate in class. I actually met a few friends from this. More teachers should learn from this guy how you should manage a classroom. Overall, it was a great course.
5.0 : Dr. Gilbert is extremely helpful and approachable. Just like most college classes, plant to attend every session or you may get lost. The material is a mix of extremely easy and very tough; plan on a lot of studying outside of class. Highly recommend taking one of his classes.
5.0 : I thought this class was going to be really boring, but Professor Gilbert is by far my favorite teacher and made Kines 33 so enjoyable and interesting. Show up to class because he takes attendance through worksheets. Lots of chances for extra-credit and group activities. Super fun class!
4.5 : Very simple class, you do the work, really just attempt the work, and you pass.  You don't need to read the book, just review the vocab and I got excused from the final for my high grade.
4.0 : Dunn taught the class as a life coach. His classes were enjoyable and lectures complemented textbook material but weren't essential to do well. Tests questions were out of textbook, so read carefully and look at graphs. He does give a few tedious time, consuming  assignments but are there to boost your grade. Do them and you should get any easy AB
5.0 : 3 quizzes, he drop the lowest one, 2 midterms and a final. He's really friendly and smile every time you enter the class. Love teaching about life lessons :) Just read and most importantly, STUDY THE VOCABS and youll do good on both the quizzes and exams :)
4.0 : Dunn will work with you. He answers your questions and wants to see you pass. He is not difficult for no reason but his tests need to be studied for. The book helps a lot and you can use older editions. He is very approachable and will help you and work with you. I wish I could take him again!
3.5 : I didn't think his class was that easy. If you're looking for an easy A don't take his class. He lectures on things that aren't on his test. Basically you have to know the textbook like the back of your hand to pass this class. He makes you memorize 100 vocab words from the chapters and only picks a few to be quizzed on. Good luck!
5.0 : He is a great professor.  He wants you to succeed and willing to help you out.  He is crystal clear on his instructions and the assignments are super easy (just time consuming).  He makes jokes throughout his lectures and makes economics fun and interesting.   You can do without the book just use the online study guide.
5.0 : Professor Dunn is  really cool. He gives you enough time to do your assignments. You have to write two papers, 3 quizzes and drops the lowest, 2 midterms and the final. If you study you should do good in his class.
3.5 : He's honestly a really sweet man who cares about his students. I learned a lot about real life things and not all that much about what we were supposed to be talking about. Great Professor would take again!
2.5 : I am a 4.0 student and this class messed that up for me. READ! His lectures are stories about his life and nothing to do with whats on the test so start reading the whole book. There are vocab quizzes and a few chapter tests. He doesn't use technology so that makes everything a little more complicated. He's a super sweet man but not the best teach.
4.0 : For the vocab test you will need to study but he isn't a hard grader you have to write the definitions not multiple chose. Mr. Dunn drops the lowest grade on a vocab test. The 25 articles are very time consuming so start right when he explains the assignment.
5.0 : She's late most of the time but the amount of information she gave was good enough for me to pass this course. Honestly everyone just doesn't want to attend class because she only takes attendance 5 times. Love her dry sense of humor and the writings were not bad. Her test was really straightforward from the notes and what we discussed in class.
5.0 : I've taken several courses taught by Betsy and she's amazing to say the least. This course specifically is a lot of work, not going to lie. There are assignments assigned/due twice a week, every week. It's a large workload outside of the classroom but she's great at motivating her students to keep going.
4.0 : Professor Hays is very passionate about her class, and wants everybody to succeed. She genuinely cares about what shes talking about, and what she teaches. I definitely recommend to take her, if you are going into the PR profession. This is a fun class, and not too hard to understand
5.0 : Betsy is very passionate and knowledgeable. Everything on the tests, which are short answer, is on the study guide she gives a class or two before the test. Take lots of notes from the lectures. There is also a service learning component in which you do PR-related work for a non-profit organization and write a short paper on the experience.
4.0 : 3 medium homework assignments, 2 exams, 1 final and case study presentation. Exams are the study guides. Homework assignments are doable reflection essays or interviews. Case study presentation is on ethical decisions and what shouldve been done. Fun &amp; interesting class that opened my eyes to ethical decisions within MCJ. Glad I took it w/ her!
2.5 : He covers most of the material and you can understand most of the concepts he is talking about. This class you will have to study a lot for to get a good grade. The class is tough but not the hardest. Supper monotone and hard to keep fouced just because of that, makes for an incredibly long  lecture at times torturous.
2.5 : Three exams, a final, and participation are the only things that offer points. There is no homework,  so no extra points to cushion a low exam score. He massively curves the scores to make up for this though (a C is 50% and higher).The material is difficult and made harder as he often moves through his slides too quickly to write everything down.
1.0 : 2/2 -has 3 midterms(18% each), final (multiple choice) (25%), 6 quizzes (quiz ave.  18%), attendance (3%). Monotonous tone during class, doesn't speak up, covers a lot of material in class but doesn't explain it well at all. Has review sessions for exams but those don't help, Old exams &amp; quizzes don't help, you're better off w/ tutor &amp; self teach.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. Very clear, relaxed and helpful! I intend on taking Chemistry courses with him in the future, and I certainly recommend him to anyone, even if you dislike chemistry.
5.0 : Three exams, quizzes (6), a final, and participation make up your grade. There is homework but doesn't help or affect your grade. He massively curves the scores for the test and quizzes an A is 80% and higher. The material is difficult but if you PRINT OUT HIS POWERPOINTS and follow along with it, you'll fine it very easy and clear. Amazing profes!
4.5 : Dr. Gandler makes organic chemistry  easy to understand. Unlike other science profs, he doesn't make his explanations convoluted just for the sake of sounding intelligent. He is also one of the most approachable science profs at Fresno State. The experiments were fun and his quizzes were fairly easy to moderate.
4.0 : OChem is a tough class. I took the summer session. He assigned a lot of homework and practice sheets. None of the HW actually needed to be turned in for a grade but I HIGHLY suggest doing them over and over and over in order to do well on the tests.  Was available for questions during and/or after class. Graded on a curve!
2.0 : Difficult grader. Monotonous tone of voice that lulls you in and out listening. Hard to follow his examples.
5.0 : Awesome Man! Practice exams help with the exams, so do them. Most of the time we worked out  questions in class with him. He would first go step by step with the entire class, then have us do some on our own afterwards we would work them out together as a class. Curves are great. Demos in class Fun, funny, &amp; friendly. Highly recommend him.
5.0 : Dr. Gandler is an awesome professor. One of my favorites at Fresno State. He is very nice, explains things really well and is always available to answer questions.
3.5 : Dr. Gandler is a really nice professor! He's always willing to help. His lectures are a little boring, mostly because of his monotone voice. Half the time he's speaking only to the front row of the class, &amp; you can't hear him. His tests &amp; exams aren't hard. Tip (128B) : Read. Use the Solutions Manual &amp; study the reaction mechanisms . Pretty simple.
5.0 : Wonderful professor. Very fair grader. Knows his stuff, is nice and helpful. Thank you Dr. Gandler for a great semester in ochme lab!
4.0 : Curves on the tests and quizzes. usually 80-100 A. Fair tests. very fair questions on the tests. Would take again for Chem 129a
5.0 : Hitchcock is one of the best professors on campus, he makes you work for your grade but will help you every step of the way. HILARIOUS this man is wild, but it makes class worth going to.
4.5 : Hitchcock is a really cool professor, he's very funny. Also he gives a lot of examples and goes over the homework with you.
5.0 : One of the best teacher! He's great at what he does and is super chill about everything. He made me want to go to an 8Am class bc he was hilarious. Pay attention, do the homework &amp; quizzes and you should be good. He offers a fair amount of extra credit as well. cannot say enough good things about him!
3.0 : Hitchcock is a really good guy. I thing that he doesn't teach as much as he just does examples. Doesn't really teach you what you need to know. He talks a lot and goes off on tangents. Kind of sarcastic when you are struggling which makes you feel even worse.
5.0 : I hated math and always had to spend hours studying. Hitchcock made it so easy! Hes absolutely hilarious which make his lectures more interesting to listen to. He relates almost everything to real life and gives you a formula sheet to use during tests. Homework is due once before each test.
4.5 : I retook DS71 w/ Mr. Hitchcock &amp; understood the material more than the last professor I had. Unlike most teachers who would rush through each of the problems on the homework &amp;/or test reviews, he gives you a walkthrough on how to CAREFULLY do them step-by-step, &amp; takes his time to explain them. He's always there to answer your questions too!
4.0 : He makes the class interesting.  His pretty funny and keeps your attention with his examples. Do the homework and you'll pass. He usually does problems from the homework in class so go to class.  He gives quizzes that are due at the end of the semester and you can get 100 points but only need 60 points.
5.0 : Professor Hitchcock is a hilarious and great guy. His lectures are fun and he will answer any question you have. Attendance is not mandatory and his exams are basically the same as his study guides. Highly recommend.
4.0 : Professor Hitchcock is a really good teacher for DS71. He explains math material very clearly and cares about his students. Homework is due before every exam. Study with a classmate to better understand the material for upcoming exams. Overall a great professor plus he's hilarious.
5.0 : TAKE HIM! He made things easy, and he's funny! :D class is not mandatory. Went to tutoring, got C's on all his test and got an A!! I think I deserved a B though. :D Really helpful all the time. U wont regret taking him and you'll be lucky to register/waitlist for him because his class is filled first.
5.0 : He's one of the most lit teachers i've taken. He's awesome. Great lectures, the math he teaches you is actually useful. I looked forward to his class. Give's homework but it's due on the test date so you have time to do it. Offers extra credit, do it.  He's super funny. Test are easy, just study the study guides. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Great professor. I had him at 8 am, but it didn't even feel that way because he was so funny. He is great at explaining everything. Offers extra credit. Just do the hw and he gives you full credit for it. Exams are just like the study guides so do them and you'll do great.
5.0 : This guy is awesome, take him! He generously gave me a C and passed me when few teachers would have.All his lectures are aimed towards teaching you exactly whats on the tests.You get full credit for attempting ea. problem on HW and he adds a generous curve towards the final grade.He's also full of fun facts and makes class interesting.
5.0 : Great professor! Has a good sense of humor of math and makes math worth going to.
4.0 : funniest teacher. offers up to 5% extra credit through semester. provides a study guide where about 1/2 of the questions show up on test. bonus questions on exams to help boost your grade. very passionate about math. would take again
5.0 : Awesome Professor! He's very funny and teaches you math that you'll need to know in the future. Tests are easy because it's the same as the study guide, he just changes the questions a little bit. Gives a lot of examples when lecturing which helps a lot with the homework. If you have a great sense of humor, you'll love his class!
4.0 : Best thing to do is do the homework and what you don't understand ask, I know its nervous asking but it's for your own best. The homework is collected every test day. Its a chill class, the study guides really help out a lot.
4.5 : He is a super funny and down to earth guy and he has crystal clear explanations if you focus.  Listen in class and you are on your way to an easy A.
5.0 : Taken as last resort to pass last pre-req for business. Great instructor, clear on material, is there for students when they need help. Quizzes were 100 points but only graded 50, other 50 is extra credit. Entire semester I had a D, with all homework and quizzes, I passed with a B. Practice Exams a must, they are same as actual exam with dif #'s.
5.0 : He's a great professor because he always makes himself available when you need to see him for help or for any other concerns. Tests are somewhat difficult but if you study you'll do fine.
5.0 : Dr. Mardon was an amazing professor and really gets into his lectures which makes his classes more interesting. Always willing to help in needed and very easy to talk to. I highly recommend Political Science Majors to take him if they haven't. Passed with an A in his class,  and it's not a hard class to pass at all.
5.0 : Attendance mandatory. Excellent, well-organized, very interesting lectures. Tests are based on study guides, lectures, and reading. Two tests and one paper, Scantron tests only (no essays). Be sure to complete the study guides, excellent review for tests, an easy "A" if you do your part.
4.0 : His exams are difficult  to pass. Too much note taking.
4.0 : He is hilarious! Older man, says uhhmmmm a LOT. Breaks down each day and writes on the board what he will lecture about, but he goes off topic sometimes and doesn't finish. Only three tests and attendance make up the grade, so it's not hard if you attend, listen and study! Loved him!
5.0 : He is my favorite PLSI teacher in the entire department. His lectures are interesting and captivating. He is super nice and understanding if you have issues, and is willing to work with you if you need help. His class is super interesting and is my favorite class to go to.
4.5 : Dr. Mardon is arguably one of the best and most effective political science professors. His knowledge is deep (especially of the Middle East) and he is quite entertaining and simplifies the material. One of the best and is highly recommended by other students as well.
5.0 : He is a very good professor. If you show up to class, take good notes, and really focus on the study guide you will pass. The two tests and the Final are the only things that go into the grade book so really make sure you focus on the criteria.
5.0 : I love Mardon! He's so energetic and funny. He reminds me of the mad hatter from alice in wonerland. Overall, he knows his stuff and lectures are extremely interesting. All you do is take notes and he provides study guides. He curves exams as well. Attendance not mandatory, but i went either way. You won't regret taking him compared to others.
5.0 : Mardon is really funny, keeps his lectures interesting. Healthy amount of Trump jokes. Definitely would recommend to polisci majors
4.0 : As long as you get the notes, and pay attention instead of taking notes you will remember everything on the test from the study guides he provides. A fun class by him being able to relate everything that takes place in the government in present time.
5.0 : Mardon is a great lecturer. Very knowledgeable in world politics. You can tell he really wants students to pass. Is always willing to answer students questions and clarify. Only two tests and 1 esssay which he grades very easily. As far as tests go, go over the study guide thoroughly and you should be fine
5.0 : If you took AP gov't in high school, this is pretty much the same, with a little more in depth in some areas. Three 100-multiple choice tests. The 3rd test is the comprehensive final. He gives out stdy guides which practically have all you need to know for tests. You don't need to buy textbook. Just go to class, take notes, do stdy guide.
4.0 : long lectures, class isn't mandatory unless you want the answers to the study guide. only three tests which are not that difficult.
4.0 : 3 Test including final. NO ESSAY. Don't have to buy textbook. Hard to fail his class when he curve ALL 3 test and the overall grade. Class is not mandatory but you will need to go if you want the answer to the study guide. DO STUDY GUIDE  EASY A unless you're like me never bother to do the study guide, but take notes. Had a B in the class.
5.0 : Professor Mardon is great. He is a very intelligible man and answers questions before any class without hesitation. His lectures are very interesting and simplifies the most complicated things. The whole class is based on three thins: Exam (100 Points), Exam 2 (100 Points) and Exam 3 (100 Points). This is the perfect class for a GE.
5.0 : A really good teacher. Easy work, no homework, he says you need the book, but honesty you don't. His lecture notes cover much of what is on his tests and i got an easy A. Attendance is not taken everyday but his lectures are really nice and good to listen to for the class. Recommend him a lot. Also willing to clear up any questions.
5.0 : HIs lectures are so entertaining that you will remember a lot of the material if you just attend class. The textbook is required, though. Usually he brings down the percentage of what you need for an A to somewhere between 85%-88%. Two tests, one 8-10 page paper, and 50 participation points. He randomly takes attendance. Take him.
4.0 : Literally 3 exams (100 questions  100 pts) &amp; what will be on them is ALL on the syllabus. He gives you like 12-15 free pts for each exam. You can EASILY do the math to see what you have to get on each exam to pass the class. This class is really just like any high school gov't class, no papers just lectures/notes &amp; 3 exams.
5.0 : Dr Mardon was an amazing professor, the class was 2hrs long yet time went by fast bc his lectures were interesting. There were only 2 exams &amp; 1 essay. As long as you pay attention to lectures you don't necessarily need the book. The essay prompt was easy &amp; he gave it to us like 2 months before it was due so there was plenty of time to complete it.
5.0 : Great professor! Really enjoyed his class. Went over anything you had concerns about. Only 3 exams. If you attend class, you don't even need the book. He goes over absolutely everything on the study guides. They're so detailed. If you study, you'll pass. Would definitely take again!
4.5 : This guy is eccentric and it's something you have to appreciate with this subject. He'll explain everything like a story and relate to what he knows is understandable. He's a funny guy and only has 3 tests. Gives study guides from the first day and by doing them you have a high chance of an A. Attendance is taken when the class is short-handed.
5.0 : Mardon is an awesome teacher. His lectures are so interesting that you actually want to go to class. I didn't buy the textbook and only used my notes from his lectures and I ended up getting a B. His tests are very difficult and you MUST study, but its not hard to retain the info if you just go to class. He grades really easy on the final paper.
5.0 : Mardon is a great teacher. He is a typical lecturer with no powerpoint, but he gives you a study guide for every test. He grades easily on the final papers. Tests are very difficult and require a lot of studying. He is a awesome lecturer though, very educated in his field, and a good person.
5.0 : Mardon is one of the best PLSI professors at Fresno. He is very intelligent and knowledgable in Middle East and Asian politics, and his lectures are very well formulated. I really enjoy attending his class and I have learned a lot from my two classes with him. I would definitely take him a third time and recommend him to anyone interested in IR.
5.0 : Great teacher, great guy. Very educated and intelligent in foreign affairs, especially Middle East, Asia, and Europe/Russia. His intelligence in his field is something to aspire to. He has very interesting lectures, and if you attend every class and actively listen and participate, you will get an A. Take good notes, and you'll be fine. Recommend!
5.0 : He is a great guy and a great teacher. It's a shame that since attendance isn't mandatory, people skip a bunch of his classes, because you learn a lot by attending his lectures. His lectures are well thought out and interesting, and he is incredibly intelligent in his field. You will get an A if you go to class and take notes, but it won't be given
5.0 : Mardon is an amazing professor. He is extremely nice, compassionate, and accessible if you need help. He is very understanding if issues come up, and is very easy to work with. He is very intelligent and educated in IR, and his classes are genuinely enjoyable to attend. He doesn't take attendance, but I always went because I learned a lot from him.
5.0 : I would highly recommend Mardon; I took him 3 times and wish I would have 'discovered' him sooner so I could've taken more classes with him. He is very nice and super laid back. This is by no means an easy A class; you will have to study for tests and work for your grade. If you go to every class, it'll make your life a lot easier. Great lectures!
4.0 : Super nice and easy but the lectures are long and he goes off topic alot.
5.0 : I can't recommend him enough, I've taken multiple of his classes and wish I could've taken him for more! He is so intelligent and passionate and his classes are on interesting topics. 1 midterm, 1 final, 1 10-12pg paper. Study guides for both tests. Very understanding, very flexible, very nice guy, and funny. If you haven't taken him you should!
4.0 : He makes lectures interesting and is a really great professor. I snuck into my roommate's poli sci class one time and I don't know if I wanted to fall asleep, cry, or run out. It really made me appreciate Mardon. He teaches you in a way that makes you want to understand political science. Anyway, if you're going to take anyone.. take him.
5.0 : This guy is so awesome. One of the best professors I've had at State. He makes every topic so interesting and he's so animated when he does lectures. He's a left-winger, but makes a good effort to tell things unbiased. Kind-hearted man, he's actually really well-traveled if you talk to him he's so cool. Nothing but good things to say about Mardon!
4.5 : I've taken at least one of Mardon's course per semester &amp; enjoy all the courses with him.  He's so easy to understand &amp; very informative.  As long as you show up to class &amp; take notes easy A! Sometimes he repeat lectures so you can get away with missing class and still get the notes next time around.  No homework. Midterm, final, &amp; research paper.
5.0 : Dr. Mardon is someone you'd definitely want to take! Despite the long lectures, a lot of the info he teaches are on the tests. He also encourages students to ask questions in class if you're stuck on something, he'll clarify it for you. Overall, class was worth coming to and he has a good sense of humor.
5.0 : Easy class, reason for my grade being a D was because of my poor studying habits and I wouldn't pay attention in class, No homework just three tests. Recommend him for political science.
5.0 : Dr. Mardon is probably one of my favorite instructors on campus. He is very clear and provides you with all the material that will be on every test at the beginning of the semester. I never purchased the book, but I didn't miss class. He goes over EVERYTHING in class. Also he will grade on a curve. He's very knowledgeable and passionate.
4.5 : Dr. Mardon is an excellent professor!  He makes his lectures interesting and fun.  The only things going into the gradebook are the 3 exams we take, so its crucial to do well on those. He gives out study guides with questions that'll be on the exam. If you ever need an answer to something on the study guide, ask him and he will gladly help.
5.0 : I've had Mardon a couple times, he's passionate about the material which makes for great lectures. You don't need the book if you attend lecture &amp; take good notes. Definitely study for his tests since they're long &amp; a big part of grades. The paper is reasonable, pretty easy topic. Only criticism is he takes long to grade &amp; doesn't use blackboard.
4.5 : Such a great professor! I wish all my professors were like him. He's flexible, funny, but makes sure you learn and do your work at the same time. Definitely worth taking!! Only a mid-term, final, and paper. He gives you study guides for the exams beforehand. Just go to class and take good notes.
4.0 : This class was very easy, she provides study guides for the exams, almost all study guide material can be found in the PP. Final isn't accumulative. 4 exams in total, a few quizzes, a few easy assignments. Over all a good class.
3.5 : Long tests
2.5 : She is okay but, not the best. Her exams are from the ppts and just quickly goes over them. There is important and intersting material but she doesnt do a good job at making it intersting. She is rude as well. Just find someone else to take the class!!
2.5 : She is okay but, not the best. Her exams are from the ppts and just quickly goes over them. There is important and intersting material but she doesnt do a good job at making it intersting. She is rude as well. Just find someone else to take the class!!
4.0 : Professor Cavazos is straight-forward about what the class is about (exams, quizzes, assignments). There's four exams (3 of them were based off of lectures and the textbook, 1 was based off of guest speakers). Read the textbook, pay attention to the PowerPoints, and show up regularly and you'll easily pass.
1.0 : Don't take her! Find a different instructor. People fall asleep during her lectures. You learn more from the book and on your own than you learn in her lectures. She is rigid and doesn't care about her students, though she may act concern. I wish I didn't have to take this class with her. A waste of an hour of my day three days a week.
5.0 : Took this course because of major. She's a great professor and knows how to make the lecture interesting. Had a class assignment worth a significant amount of points and bb wasn't working. Spoke to her and she audited my points! Just show up and complete SG and you will pass with A.
5.0 : Dr. Cavazos is a phenomenal teacher!  She really knows her stuff, and is always a fair grader.  She makes her expectations for the class clear.  Her lectures are very informative (and posted online), the study guides are helpful, and none of the course material is too difficult.  She even gives extra credit for being in class on certain days.
4.0 : Her tests are really easy, straight from the PowerPoints.  She gives quizzes, and offers lots of extra credit.  She's not very engaged with students but her class material really skims the top of all the information you'll be covering in paralleled courses if you're a communicative disorders major.   Tests are held in testing center.
4.5 : Awesome professor. He's really helpful, quick to respond on e-mails and will answer any question that you may have.  He is also very approachable, I am not one to usually talk to professors, but he is incredibly welcoming.  I would definitely recommend this class especially with this professor.
5.0 : Awesome class, awesome professor. Very knowledgable on the subject, will help anyone when they ask for it. Super nice guy. Definitely recommend this class.
5.0 : Professor White is so passionate about Astronomy and really engages you in lectures. He gives a study guide for exams and it really really helps to attend lectures to pass his test.
5.0 : Amazing teacher. knows what he is talking about. Makes this class fun and easy. Attendance is not required every day for lecture, but you have to go to the labs. Labs are easy and usually take 20min. Going out to the range is an awesome experience. Take this Class!
5.0 : White is so passionate about Astronomy, he is adorable! Lectures are interesting, attendance isn't mandatory. It really helps if you show up and take notes though. Very interesting class that is fairly easy if you show up and study for the test. Great GE class, Labs are very easy as well.
5.0 : At first he looked kind of goofy but it turns out he is really into astronomy. Every lecture day is most likely interesting and sometimes gives extra credits on those random days.Didn't really have to use the book but its recommended. If you can, you should try to find the people who took the class for their test sheets because its almost the same.
4.0 : Professor White was a really fun teacher. He made the class fun. There are 2 tests, plus the final, and a paper. He gives you a study guide for the first 2 tests, and the final is based off of the 2 tests. Super nice guy, he will help make the class enjoyable.
4.0 : Try finding someone else's previous tests to study with and you won't need to go to class. He offers a lot of extra credit for going to the planetarium and for attendance. Lab is super simple, only went to the range once. The books are a waste of money nothing from the test is in them. 3 exams and 1 paper, he's very passionate it's cute.
3.0 : 2 test&amp;1 final. 1 paper. offers extra credit. Not mandatory, but necessary. lab was very easy. didn't buy any books. only disappointment i have with this class was that he didn't update any grades on BB, so you wont know how to calculate or have an idea on how to do on the final. final 'letter' grade was posted on portal on last day of grades due.
5.0 : Very passionate and funny. Super easy class, you do not really need the textbook. Make sure do the study guides before the test, they really help. Lab was pretty easy as well, only downside was finding a ride to go to the Range because I did not have my own car.
5.0 : Dr. White is an amazing professor he's super sweet and passionate about astronomy! He also gives extra credit for attending his showings on the weekends.
5.0 : Dr. White is the most passionate teacher I've ever had in college. The only class I would actually take again. The tests aren't the easiest but with the final and the one essay, you have to try and fail. 10/10 would recommend
2.0 : I can tell White is a nice guy, but he is terrible at teaching. All he does is rambles. There are no iclicker questions, very little power points (they aren't even available on bb), and does nothing to get you involved. Study guides are not helpful. They are so bland with only a huge list of terms, whereas tests are detailed. The labs are hard too.
5.0 : An honest teacher whose class i really enjoyed, even at 8 in the morning.  He gives you everything you need to pass and online homework is easy.
3.0 : Test are difficult. Difficult class.
5.0 : I had Regonini for Math 10A and 10B and absolutely loved him. His classes are SO simple and clear. He has office hours, always answers questions in class, and offers a tutor. Tests are not hard, you just need to show your work. There is no reason someone shouldn't pass his class, especially someone planning on teaching this material.
5.0 : Professor Regonini is a great math professor! Not only does her specifically clarify topics he is teaching, he is also willing to out of his way to help you. Homework is regular and there are quizzes about once a week that help you to gain easy points. Tests are straight forward as long as you pay attention to lectures and complete online homework.
5.0 : Regonini is the best professor I have had so far. He is kind, and always willing to help. His lectures are very easy to understand, and the quizzes and tests are pretty straightforward. He gives you problems to do before the test so that you can prepare for the tests and quizzes. Homework is done online and you have to go to class if you want an A.
5.0 : Awesome Professor. Probably the best one yet. He is very clear with what he wants, and is willing to help if you do not understand. If you're not sure which professor to take, definitely take his class. You will NOT regret it ! :)
1.0 : Horrible teacher. What he teaches is 10000X  EASIER than the tests. You have to be a math expert to pass his tests, he doesn't even teach material close to the test. Horrible horrible. Do not take his class!!!!
4.0 : He is an excellent professor who takes the time to help with any questions. Many quizzes but drops some of the lower ones later. Pretty straightforward class.
5.0 : MR. Regonini was an awesome teacher! His teaching style is great and if you don't understand something he will go over it with you! I really enjoyed this class and will be taking this Math 10B class in the fall! AWESOME TACHER
1.0 : I took both Math 10A and 10B with this instructor.  He doesn't go through how to do problems step by step and just expects you to know it. The problems we do in class are easy and on the test the equations are 10x harder. I wouldn't recommend taking this course. This instructor teaches material that isn't taught in an actual elementary class.
4.0 : I really enjoyed this professor, pretty clear during lecture. I found it that missing class made it hard to catch up on what I had missed, attendance is not mandatory, but I wouldn't recommend missing. Lots of quizzes, almost weekly, and tests are passable with studying!
2.5 : Quizzes are given almost every week. Some material can be confusing to grasp on to. He's a nice instructor, though.
4.5 : It's not easy class but not impossible. Homework and quizzes pretty much every week. He drops the lowest quiz.  There's about 4 test and does not drop any. I recommend go to class to pass and to receive a good grade. He explains the material well but if you have questions he is willing to help.
5.0 : Regonini is the best professor I have had so far. Very helpful, kind, and funny in his own way. He is very kind and is always willing to help. He tells you exactly what will be on the test, no surprises. If you're thinking about taking his class opposed to other professors DEFINITELY take it with Regonini! He does an AMAZING job explaining!
3.0 : Good professor. His lectures go a bit fast and sometimes skips steps assuming you know the material. Take notes. Quizzes 1 a wk. Keeps top 10 scores. Weekly online homework and some in class activities. Didn't really use the book because his lectures are straight for the text. Take advantage of the tutor if you get lost due to the fast pace.
4.5 : Dr. Lacy is a wonderful teacher.  He knows what he's doing and really cares about his students.  He definitely comes across as both a professor and a person.
5.0 : I have studied with Dr. Lacy for two years so far and have learned and improved so much. He knows a lot about the physical side of singing but never neglects the artistic side - even in warm ups. His knowledge of repertoire is vast. I went to a competition with him, and he was very encouraging and supportive. He definitely cares about his students.
1.0 : Awful time. Not only did he not answer emails (none of the students were able to contact him), he did not follow his own syllabus. Nothing was graded until the very end of the semester (syllabus stated grading would be gradual through the semester). Material from text was not explained. He posted guidelines for assignments very close to due dates.
1.0 : Online course, so, the only way to reach him is by email. The problem was that he didn't respond to any emails. Other students in the course would message each other to try to find out what was due and how to even do the assignments. His outlines of the text were vague. I had no idea if I was passing because grades were posted after the semester.
5.0 : Extremely Hard Class! 3 midterms that are very tough and tricky. The professor is nice but goes off topic sometimes. He says only half the class will pass. The trick to passing Bio 1A is to do great in lab. Lab is easy! I got high D's and F's on the midterms and final and barely passed with a C,  because of a high lab grade. This class is no joke!!
4.5 : Review for BIO102 on 01/15/13 is spot on. Schrieber is incredibly knowledgable about genetics. But genetics is complicated! (yet interesting). Exams are difficult. He provides study guides, which are indeed helpful. Also devotes study sessions for his students. Got an A, but worked quite hard for it. Do the problems, and seriously READ THE BOOK.
4.5 : You must read the textbook and attend lecture in order to have a chance of passing the class. The midterms are extremely tricky! The professor is very nice but the material is just a lot of memorization. There is a curve at the end of the semester. Schreiber is slightly easier than Calderon-Urrea and Constable. Overall it's an extremely hard class!
4.0 : Dr. Schreiber has a passion for biology but his exams are unrealistically difficult. In every test over half the class failed and he never thought, maybe I'm making these tests too tricky. Study the book as much as possible and make sure to complete learn-smart homework on time to make up for the fact that you will probably fail the exams, sorry :(
5.0 : Lectures are easy to understand. Pay attention in class and take notes specially when he writes something on board. His exams are easy but tricky. So you really need to understand the material. He's always there to help you. Go to his office,ask questions after class. Doesn't make you feel stupid. Won't test on something he didn't go over.
1.5 : He's a likeable person but an incredibly difficult professor. How can such an intelligent man think that a vast majority of kids failing isn't his fault? You will fail his exams. The online homework will teach you the most and hopefully save your grade. I could've saved time &amp; money with a different prof because I will be taking it again.
4.0 : Very nice professor, cares about his students. Go to lecture, take notes on the chapters, and study for the test and you should do well. Accessible during his office hours. Only graded on 3 midterms and a final.
3.0 : His exams are just ridiculous. Everyone I've talked to is failing the midterms and it really says something when a bunch of science majors are saying, "I've basically given up at this point." He's a really nice guy but he really needs to take a look at his testing methods.
3.0 : Professor Schreiber is a very nice man, he understands that life can be tough. If you talk to him about not being able to take a certain test he will schedule a diff. Date for you. You will read a lot and his test are ridiculously difficult, if you don't process information like he does you're in trouble. The entire class grade went down. Good luck
3.5 : Went to 2 lectures before I realized my time would be better used studying from the book, didn't go again for the rest of the year (still got an A). He curves at the end of the semester, so if you do decent on exams, even just getting B's, you can get an A. You must put in the effort, but you can get a good grade!
3.0 : Dr. Schreiber was a great professor. His lectures were thorough, but not lengthy or boring. He makes jokes a lot, and likes to take up class time by telling stories. He makes material relatable and easy to remember. Not much homework, if any. It's mostly online quizzes and 3 or 4 tests, which are easily passible if you study.
3.5 : Super easy class. His lectures were amazing and really funny. He was super easy going. iClicker quizzes were easy, he typically gave answers.  The only bad part was that his lectures didn't reflect well on tests so the midterms were decently tough.
4.0 : great guy, attendance is not mandatory but has surprise quizzes sometimes and the lectures are extremely helpful, not many assignments its basically just tests and quizzes, would definitely recommend taking his class.
5.0 : Enjoyed the class. Great instructor. He's the only bio prof here with formal training in education. I've taken a few of his classes. They were all well rounded - a few small homework assignments, an essay, a term paper or presentation, and a few exams. It's paced well so I never felt like it was too much. Go to lecture and read the book. Easy.
3.5 : Very difficult class!
3.0 : He is a very tough professor but it's because he wants to know if you're serious about being a bio major. Don't expect an easy A you have to work for it. A lot of memorization is done for the class be ready to study!
4.5 : Super cool and funny professor. Iclicker questions to take attendance, homework was online and power points were always posted. 3 midterms and one cumulative final. Only downside is he takes way too long on each slide within the powerpoint so we were always super behind. But overall a really great professor!
5.0 : Dr. Crosbie is a great instructor. Material was difficult but he made the lectures interesting and engaging. Exams were tough but study and attend lectures and lab and you will do fine. Grading is straightforward. Best class I have taken so far at Fresno State. Learned a lot and enjoyed it. Highly recommend.
4.5 : The material wasn't too difficult, you just have to really study. Not many people showed up to class &amp; he did take a bit too long on slides. Crosbie himself is a funny guy, &amp; his accent is too adorable!
5.0 : Great teacher. There are online courses read the book bc it really help you with the online course. Also study the study guides that he gives out bc everything thats on there is on the test.
4.5 : None of the concept are hard. Very easy book to read, and the test  questions are repeated.
3.0 : Pretty good professor with corny jokes lol. The toughest part were all the quizzes and projects in the lab that goes along with this class. Get the online textbook
2.0 : The test are super hard and so is the class. I studied a lot and still did not pass. The class average was a 56 percent.
4.5 : Easy class, just like stats in hs. You need the book to get the hw questions
3.0 : Attendance is only mandatory until you get all 50 iclicker points. Reading quiz every week, but you dont really need the book. He provides powerpoints that come straight from the book so save the $100+. Theres like 2 easy homework assignments. Tests are basically knowing all terms and acronyms.
5.0 : Robert Goulart is a great instructor and a very good person. His lectures are clear, concise, and interesting. Attendance is not mandatory, but there is always a chance of getting in-class easy extra points, especially on Fri's. He responses on e-mails promptly even on weekends. He does everything for a student to succeed. Highly recommended!
4.0 : He uses test that are on the web, so basically if you were to study those you will pass his class. (Easy to locate use an quiz question, and paste it in google) You will see an source that keeps poping up when answering the quiz questions.
5.0 : Very good teacher! I managed to stay focused throughout the entire lecture and actually enjoyed everything I was listening to! Highly recommended!
2.0 : Doesn't help you much. A lot of Homework questions. Little paranoid when it comes to testing. Makes you leave all your stuff in front of the class and looks at the whole class like we are cheating. Has like 3 different test versions. Theirs several homework questions and online quizzes you need to take. Like math? Take him. Nice guy though.
4.0 : I had him for DS 71.  He admits he is a computer guy and Math is not his first subject.  It shows a little as he probably is not the BEST when it comes to DS but nobody will be more understanding and reasonable.  Probably the nicest and hardest working professor I have ever had.  Genuinely cares about his students.  Grades are uploaded almost daily
4.0 : He is pretty decent. I like his voice much better than Martinez. Robert guest lectured my class and I kinda wish I would have taken him instead. But I do have him for lab. He is great with what I have experience.
2.5 : Class is pretty easy, however, you will need to go to lectures. It's a math class so you  need to know the stuffs. Prof. Goulart is a great teacher. He knows how to teach math even though he's not much of a math guy.  You have online quizzes and homework every week. But you can them in late with no penalties. You will need the text book.
4.0 : Super easy class I think I only showed up to take the tests and I still got a b+
4.0 : Goulart has interesting lectures and is always smiling. Really helpful in providing study guides. Just FYI, Fall 2016 will have a newer, different textbook to be current on technology. Don't forget to bring your iClicker to class and make sure to do weekly quizzes! Goulart's grading is clear and the class was not hard at all. Just don't slack off.
5.0 : I really enjoyed having Goulart for DS71. As a person who has no patience for any kind of math and having this be my second time around taking DS71, Goulart made it click for me. He did lots of examples on the white board, assigned small amounts of homework- just enough to give you some practice and help to remember the material for the exam.
5.0 : Best professor ever, very easy going. Lectures aren't boring and class is easy.
5.0 : Awesome guy, easy going. Do your work and pass the class. Not much work to do just a lot of reading.
4.0 : Lecture: Super nice. Approachable. Read your book &amp; study his lecture notes to be prepared for the exam. Need a clicker for attendance and participation points. If your final exam is &gt; than any of your past exams, he will change your past exam grade. Lab: Practice practice the weekly trainings. Attendance is only mandatory on exam days.
4.0 : He knows what he is talking about when it comes to lecture. Class consists of 4 midterm exams. The lowest score exam will get replace by the final exam score if you score higher. The exams are based off of the textbook and lectures. Needs to know every word definition when it comes to the exam and apply it.
3.0 : Although he is somewhat a good teacher, he wasn't always clear. He gave you practice exams, but when it came time to actually take the test, majority of the questions weren't on there and he used alot of lessons we didn't even go OVER!!!
4.5 : He's such a caring professor! He's always willing to help and will make sure you understand what  he is lecturing. His midterms were like the study guides so you know exactly what to expect. I definitely recommend his course.
4.5 : He is clear and makes math seem not that difficult.  Sometimes, he won't go over the lessons because it's all in the textbook, but he gives a lot of examples and he spends the first few minutes of class to help students understand math problems.  Homework problems are from the textbook.  So, you will need the text to complete the homework.
3.0 : While I passed his lab it was very tough! The homework assignments and trainings are very boring and long. Decent guy but doesn't really help the students in the class and you have to teach yourself. Wish this class wasn't required but oh well. Glad it's over.
4.0 : I underestimated this class. 1st test was too easy, but they get harder as the semester progresses. I did not dedicate enough time to studying because I thought the class was so easy and it cost me my A by 1.35%. He gives out study guides, DO THEM. Uses iClicker for every class for 7 pts each class. Do the extra credit, its not much but it helps.
3.0 : Amazing when it comes to lecturing. The hour your in his class, it feels like it goes by in minutes. But with amazing lecturers, comes dumb exams. His exams were difficult almost every time, not impossible, but difficult. The people that ace his exams, are usually ones that actually understand material, or have mastered BS.
5.0 : Genuine good guy - he has a really nice heart. The class was very interesting and rather enlightening. Even non-philosophy majors will enjoy this class. The material is sometimes hard, but he goes over the concepts you need to know for the exams NUMEROUS times beforehand. I'm glad I met this guy, and you ought to visit him in office hours.
4.5 : He is a pretty cool guy but his lectures can be a little boring if you don't read the material prior to class. Only 2 midterms, the final, and attendance. Not too difficult, but make sure you know what you're talking about when you right your response! An interesting course, nonetheless.
4.0 : Dr. Higgins gives very good lectures and you can tell he knows his stuff. He takes the class very seriously and is very specific about his lectures. He seems like a great professor and I'm excited to be taking his class. The material seems tough but it is an interesting topic. Super cute too, so that's a plus!
4.0 : Such a good teacher. Fun lectures. Great positive attitude and very friendly. Also nice to look at. Just pay attention in class. Class is no mandatory but everything on test is lectured in class. Yes there is a lot of reading but so far I'm doing great and i never read the books. One of the best teacher I have ever had.
5.0 : Thomas was an insanely inspirational professor. His knowledge of Philosophy and its surrounding concepts are unparalleled. I highly recommend you take a class with Dr. Higgins, any class. It is well worth your time, you get more than you pay for.
4.5 : I loved Dr. Higgins class! He is a professor that knows his stuff. The class I took was a night class, but he made the hours go in minutes it felt like. There are two midterms and a final which he gives all the information you need to know if you attend his lectures(not mandatory). I would HIGHLY recommend taking his class. One of the best Ive had
4.0 : He's a really cool professor; he covers interesting topics &amp; has a very open mind. His grading is a little weird. There's only 2 midterms and the final; they're all short answer form. Know what you're talking about!!! Also, attendance is part of you're grade. Not too difficult of a class, I would definitely recommend Dr. H.
4.0 : Such a great professor. His lectures are super interesting, but get ready for a lot of reading. Not a tough class but his tests are so make sure you study. He really taught me a lot about philosophy and surprisingly made me love it! (not just cause he's cute)
2.5 : Wasn't the most understanding and graded me differently then everyone else, didn't seem very fair and was harder on me then most.
2.0 : His lectures are interesting but don't seem like they are prepared ahead of time. He is passionate. The class lacked structure. The syllabus changed every chance it could. His essay prompts were written last minute and unclear/confusing. No notes or study guides. Nice guy, wouldn't recommend for someone who works best with structure.
2.0 : DONT TAKE THIS CLASSS! He doesn't keep you upgraded on your grades then  at the end gives you whatever he wants. He told us he does LSAT questions, so the test were hard! We had so much readings on philosophers that don't even matter, and it was confusing. Sucks when I was getting all A's in all my classes but failing this stupid GE class.
1.5 : He's nice and teaches ok. Grade wise, there's only 2 exams n a final (all essays) all total up to 90 pts n the other 10 is attendance. He grades hard on the essays so make sure u know the stuff! A lot of the time u will watch films. Not much of philosophical concepts learned but was interesting. Oh n he wo t bump ur grade up if u get 69 to a C!
5.0 : Higgins is passionate and his lectures were very interesting, so I never missed class. Attendance is mandatory as he gives many random, easy quizzes on the readings (don't take class if you hate reading).  His tests are tricky at times, but if you know your material and ask questions on review days, you'll do well in his class. DO the extra credit.
3.0 : Great teacher and lecturer. Really made me rethink what my ethic and morals were. But he is a tough grader! The final was an ethic long paper, and you could chose between 5 or 4 topics I believe. And best believe, there were not short papers at all. And additionally we were not provided with a grading rubric or any examples making it even harder.
2.0 : If you don't like reading, do not take him. There were a few problems with his teaching style: didn't follow the syllabus, hard to keep up writing notes, test were essay format,  super hard grader. Overall, I think he makes the class much more difficult than it has to be, and he never answers any emails. I do not recommend taking him
2.0 : I have very mixed feelings about this professor. He gives great lectures &amp; unless you really understand philosophy, lectures are essential to pass (attendance counts for points) I took this class during intercession &amp; we had 1 midterm (inclass testtake home essay), 1 final paper (12 pages long) He grades VERY hard, gives no rubric for grading,
5.0 : took this class during the summer intersession. absolutely loved the lectures. systematic in teaching and connects ideas well to real life issues.
1.0 : I don't recommend taking this professor. Our class had a total of 4 assignments. The first four months of class our only grade was a 10-point quiz, which most people failed. The last month of class he assigned three essays, two 12-page essays and one 14-page essay. He barely gives any feedback and grades very tough. If you need an A, dont take him
4.0 : Dr. Higgins has such an open mind and he's open to any arguments a students brings up in class, to the point you can't tell what his religion is, or if he even has one. Great listener. But also a great teacher. You really need to put in a lot of hours during the week to deeply understand what he's talking about. An easy A if you dedicate yourself.
4.0 : Overall class is very enjoyable always has good lectures. If you do not like reading do not take the class, but even then the readings that we have to do are very interesting and you really learn something from them. Usually have a short 1-2 question quiz at the beginning of every class about the reading we had to do.
4.0 : Exams are pretty hard. Lots of reading; you have to read to pass and understand his class.... Very good and knowledge professor.. amazing at teaching. Very fair grading; work for your grade!
3.0 : really tough grader but he is a nice guy. you will have to read a lot for his class. he takes the class so serious. If you are not majoring in Philosophy don't take his class.
3.5 : Honestly the coolest class I have taken at state so far. This class is super interesting. DO NOT FALL ASLEEP! Involves a lot of reading so use audiobooks. Read the material before class and do not fall behind.
5.0 : He is a great professor.  If it would be possible, he would be my best friend.  He's so good at teaching and he's really passionate when he speaks it's truly amazing.  He's really funny and friendly and I am really disappointed that I couldn't fit his other class into my schedule for next semester but I will try to go on his class trips.
4.5 : Great teacher and one of my favorite at Fresno State. Lectures are amazing and really works to help you understand the material.
5.0 : Amazing, caring, funny, smart, understanding, laid-back, and fair professor. You will become acquainted with many thinkers in his class.
5.0 : Does contracts. so if you want a C in the class you'll have to do X amount of work and thats the grade you get for the class. super easy class if you are doing a contract and you don't need to go to class when you are on a contract only need to meet once a month to turn in assignment.. very interesting and awesome professor.
3.5 : Quite Challenging course. There is no specific outline that the course stays consist with making it harder to follow along. There is no study guide and he only ask 25 questions after having reviewed 5 chapters alongside 3 Free Response Questions. Stay on top of things and do not procrastinate. Very Challenging course.
5.0 : Dr. Avalos is the chair of the economics department. His knowledge and depth and subjects he teaches are incredible, but is is extremely humble and down-to-earth. The class is based on lecture and readings he assigns on blackboard. This class is meant to be slightly more seminar-oriented. Students urged to participate. Avalos also is very funny.
5.0 : I had Avalos for Econ 40 during summer session and he is a fantastic instructor. He's great at explaining the material and answering any questions students may have. Puts powerpoints on BB to study from. Pop quizzes (4) are easy if you understand the material. One 4-page case study. Weekly online hw. 2 exams and a final (all MC). I recommend him.
5.0 : just show up and you'll pass. only allowed 4 absences before they begin to count against your grade.  if you do what he tells you to, he will make you sweat no matter how fit and active you are. never missed a day of his class &amp; absolutely loved it.
5.0 : Fun kickboxing class
1.0 : likes to preach that practice is 50 percent student and 50 percent him as an instructor. this is false. you can work as hard as you can and he will either sit/stand during the rounds without paying attention to technique. will play favorites and work with a particular person and ignore the rest of the class
5.0 : I LOVED THIS CLASS. I'm not over exaggerating I am seriously going to take his class again and try out Karate since he teaches that too. Combos were my favorite and his conditioning in the beginning of the semester killed me but I loved the feeling of it, it energized me throughout the day.
3.5 : Great and funny professor. This is a fun class, however, if you don't sign up with someone you know you will have to find a partner in the class of the same height for the rest of the semester.
5.0 : Great teacher and he definitely makes you work for it. The class is simply show up and you pass. Keep in mind this class isn't a workout, it's training. I would love to take his class again! definitely worth trying for those who want to be more active and get an extra unit in.
5.0 : One of the coolest professors I've taken. Sensei Cho is super hilarious and really down to earth. This class really requires you to be active, so be prepared to get tired.
4.5 : Great professor. The subject is not terribly interesting but he does do a good job lecturing, if you can stay focused. Assignments are a little challenging but the book is very helpful and he almost always answers emails promptly if you have any questions. Midterm and final is usually take home.
4.0 : Great class and professor. Class can get boring but you learn a lot of new stuff regarding to real life situations as well, so it's very useful. Exams are take home including the final. HW is easy but takes time. Too bad this is his last semester teaching at Fresno State. He and his teachings will be missed! =(
4.5 : I found Greek to be an easy subject however I'm sure many people would find it to be more difficult. I got sick and had to skip 2 lectures and fell behind. However Honora is very helpful and I still ended up with an A in her class. She only collected the homework once but does require you to participate bu answering the homework questions in class.
5.0 : If you're looking at this review hoping someone will tell you to take whatever class you're looking at with Dr. Chapman, here it is. Dr. Chapman is the nicest and most caring professor I've ever had. She's wicked smart and super helpful. Whatever the class is, just take it, because you won't regret it, I guarantee it.
5.0 : Most amazing Professor at State! Made me excited for class and is very inspirational.
5.0 : very inspiring. Dr. Valencia is very caring and respect your idea and your progress. I thank him to encourage me to finish my first project :)
5.0 : Dr. Coles is the best professor I have had at FSU. He is so invested in our education and is such a caring person. You won't need the book because his lecture notes have all of the info you  will need. He also has review sessions before each test and he will go over the info as many times as you need him to.
5.0 : Dr. Coles is the nicest and most caring teacher. He really went out of his way to make sure everyone understood the topic. If you didn't do well on a test he contacted you and tried to help you out. I bought the book but never opened it. He gave you detailed power point lecture notes and study guides. I loved his class.
5.0 : Extremely helpful professor and genuinely cares about his students, and their academic performance... He's passionate about what he is teaching which makes learning the material very easy. Loved taking his class
5.0 : Loved Dr. Coles! He makes everything super easy to understand! I came out of Biol 65, making this class a piece of cake. By far the best educational experience I've experienced at Fresno State so far.
5.0 : Amazing professor! Pretty easy class using his powerpoints. Offers a lot of extra credit. No book needed.
5.0 : Best professor at Fresno State in my opinion, very helpful, come to class, review the powerpoints in detail a little a day, go to all labs,  go to extra credit days, and you'll get an A no problem
5.0 : Amazing professor who really loves teaching and wants his students to succeed. Funny guy as well. 3 exams along with labs and the lab quizzes. Labs are interesting and you should go to all the labs as it is a big chunk of the grade. Try not to miss any because at the end, those labs might be a difference in a letter grade.
5.0 : He genuinely wants you to do well and sincerely wants you to learn. He put so much effort into every single lecture. He'll do anything and everything he can to help you succeed.
5.0 : If I could take his teacher again I would. He loves what he does and it shows. He does videos and activities in class for all types of learning. He truly cares about your grade and wants to help. You could ask him the same question five times and he would explain it over and over again. Highly recommend him, wish he taught more classes!!
5.0 : Definitely one of the best professors on campus. He wants his students to do well and is passionate about the material he teaches. Great guy!
5.0 : Dr. Coles genuinely cares about his students and is extremely passionate about teaching
1.0 : 3 tests including the final and a 2,000 word paper. His lectures are so long and boring and he literally reads from the powerpoints. He also just teaches about his personal experiences and its so boring. Go to class and you will get 30 extra points.
2.0 : He is a nice guy but his lectures are BORING. He tells stories the whole time and talks about himself. Sitting through his lectures is torture. There is no class involvement and interaction, just him talking the whole time.
4.0 : This class is fairly easy :) attend class on regular basis and You get extra credit just for attending.
2.5 : Over all a pretty easy class and fair Prof.. He basically reiterates the content on the powerpoint slides by giving stories from his own experiences to help get the point across. 4 exams worth 60% of your grade and 1 paper worth 40%. Study guide provided for each exam, do them and you'll do well. 30 pts extra credit for not missing a day of class.
3.0 : His teaching technique is horrible! All over the place, unclear. Teaches based on his own personal experience. As long as you do the study guides you will pass all his test. Also, always go to class you'll get 30 points extra credit if you don't miss any classes!
2.5 : Although I learned a lot from this class, I did not enjoy it. Tells personal stories &amp; lectures are boring. The PowerPoint slides are not very helpful and his study guide is very vague. You need to ask for clarification, especially on the paper. As long as you show up every day, you get an extra 30 points added to your grade. Study &amp; stay awake.
4.0 : The are 4 tests including the final. The test are fairly easy if you do the study guides and skim the book. There is one 2000 word paper which is easy if you follow his instructions. Make sure you make the word minimum because he will take points off. If you attend all his lectures he gives you 30 points extra credit.
1.0 : Lectures are long and drags. Read Read for Test. DO NOT rely on lecture does not help. Tests are all on testing center. Talks alot about personal experience. Have to take him because no other professor teaches this course. Prefer other professor.
3.5 : Great professor. I honestly enjoyed his class. He has great examples for each topic because he is a therapist. Take good notes and read. Use the study guide and fill it out. Attendance is mandatory. Can miss 4 wo affecting your grade. Extra credit if you do attend. Tests are tough because they are application questions so know the material.
5.0 : I love Miss Rempel, had her for my fall class and she is amazing. I learned a lot from, shes funny and kept me interested in the course never a dull moment in her class. Some people thought she was mean but she isn't she loves her students and did i mention shes hot? This coming from a girl. Deff. recommend her
5.0 : She is hands down super sweet, amazing &amp; demonstrates she cares about showing Italian to her students. She has great lectures &amp; will be there for you if you need her help. You learn italian and you also get an insight to the culture. Take this class if you can, highly recommend it. Only 1 power point presentation- easy though! Easy exams too.
5.0 : She is such a passionate professor in teaching the Italian courses. She is kind and will help you if you are struggling in any way. Group work is important, trying is also important to her. Presentation in class but it's easy! You actually learn about the culture and the language. I do recommend!
5.0 : She is the absolute best!! Her class is so much fun. She creates a safe place for you to feel comfortable learning another language. She's hilarious and so sweet. Assignments and quizzes are easy and she's always willing to help. Paper/presentation. Highly recommend taking her for as many classes as you can. Book is $150ish? But can use for 1A+1B.
3.5 : I loved this professor. She was so nice and made this class the least amount of stressful as possible. The class was mostly online with all the workbook stuff which gives a lot of easy points. 1 paper that's like 3 pages. 1 presentation that can be literally less then a minute. She gives out the answers to the homework in class.
5.0 : Lo Bianco is an amazing professor you will not be unhappy with her teaching she is always willing to help you with anything you need.  There are quizes every 2-4 weeks, but they are easy as long as you practice. and one research project.  Take her!!! she is the best teacher I have ever had at Fresno State.
4.5 : She is such a sweet lady and a great professor. She is very passionate about Italy, Italian culture, and the success of her students. I really enjoyed her class.
4.5 : She is my favorite professor in CSU Fresno! She is so sweet and lenient. And as one of the reviewers have said, it is impossible to hate her.
5.0 : She is the sweetest most passionate professor. I would highly recommend her to anyone! She does homework in class with you, and is very helpful when you ask her questions! 10/10!!
5.0 : The class was really fun and Lo Bianco really keeps you engaged. I would definitely take a class with her again.
5.0 : Professor Lo Bianco is an excellent professor. It was one of my favorite classes. She is tough on attendance but she is very helpful. She makes things interesting and makes students interact. I made friends in class due to this. She is a sweetheart, and she is very energetic. I would definitely take her again. I recommend taking her class!
4.5 : Had a great semester with Professor Lo Bianco. She takes her time to make sure everyone understands the subject and if anybody has any questions. Please ask question or she will keep on lecturing. Homework is very easy as long as you attend class everyday. Online quizzes and notes for the final.
5.0 : She is such a sweet and funny professor.  I've taken language classes before I decided to learn Italian and she is the best language teacher I've ever had! She explains everything clearly, she helps the class with homework, and she encourages students to ask questions.  She really cares about the students learning the material.
5.0 : Always available if you had a question or needed help.
5.0 : I loved her class! She explains everything with such enthusiasm and if you don't understand, she is willing to explain over and over again. She does homework in class and her tests/quizzes are not hard if you pay attention. I would recommend this class to anyone.
3.0 : i took this class online. just read the notes and articles before you take the quiz and you should pass. there is one midterm, final and a midterm paper.
5.0 : This class is very interesting and you end up learning a lot. Midterm/final are not hard as long as you go to class. There is a lot of extra credit offered as well. I would highly recommend this professor.
5.0 : Look, she sent me smiley faces in an email. I'm convinced we're best friends now. Material is super easy to understand, but take notes. It'll save you hella time on the exams. Online class is really organized and she's always willing to help through emails. Plus, no textbooks to buy!
5.0 : Professor Anderson is very fair and generous to her students. She separated her course into modules with powerpoints, participation, assignments, and tests. She is clear what she wants and gives feedback fairly quickly. Powerpoints are extensive and notes should be taken to help with the info. Tests are based on Powerpoints or assignments. DO THEM
5.0 : She was a fantastic professor. Her power points were rich in detail, and the tests reflected on that. Make sure to take lots of notes to ensure you have every thing down. She gave wonderful, honest feedback on my research paper that made me grow as a writer. Great professor!
4.5 : We only took two tests, the midterm and final, which both ended up being take homes (one being multiple choice and the other written) &amp; 2 papers. She uses the clickers all the time so I suggest going to class because it could mean the difference between an A and a B. She's really nice and she knows what she's talking about, I thought she was great.
4.5 : Great professor and makes the online class artsy and interesting. START ON SEMESTER PROJECT EARLY. VERY IMORTANT. besides that it isnt too bad
5.0 : I loved her online class! It's so easy to understand and her powerpoints were very entertaining. Just make sure you stay on track and do what has to be done. Tests are easy as long as you read the material. Make sure you take notes because that would help you greatly for the quiz, midterm, and final.
2.5 : Class WAS interesting. Movies are TOO LONG; only 2 questions asked for a 1hr flick. LOTS of grammatical errors on the LENGTHY reading assignments. TOO many jokes that are not funny all over the numerous powerpoint slides. I usually ace these classes but I have a low B! Somebody shoot me! AVOID!
4.0 : I took her global challenges class, and she's an awesome teacher! Very helpful. The only thing is, the lectures are sometimes really boring. Lots of quizzes and reading.  but she can be engaging with her students (at times)
4.0 : GREAT TEACHER! I took her Global Issues Critical Thinking class online and loved it. The lectures were full of humor. There is a lot of assignments to do throughout the semester but they are not too hard and you can always work ahead to stay on top of things. I highly recommend this class.
4.0 : Her class was easy if you do everything in a timely manner. Doesn't require textbook so that's a plus! Just a midterm &amp; final, and just a few quizzes.
5.0 : I took Anth 30 online, and it was the best class ever. Anderson was so helpful and the class was pretty easy. Homework every week but it might take you 20 minutes. Only one paper and two tests. Would take again. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Really liked this class and learned alot.  There are assignments each week but there not too hard.  There's one big hands on project but you get to pick your own topic so it was kind of fun.  I'd recommed her, she's pretty nice.
2.0 : This online course was a lot of busy work and quite pointless. Activities and assignments can take hours to accomplish because you have to watch videos and answer questions and other interactive activities. Other assignments are fast. She can be helpful but is adamant on not asking stupid questions and how far she has to travel to get to campus.
5.0 : Really easy class. Small assignments/quizzes due each week but it's not hard at all if you did the assignments. Tests were not too hard since it was online and open notes. One reading book and term paper done. The actual textbook, I never even had to open it up. Mrs. Anderson's power point lectures were humorous which made it enjoyable. Recommend.
5.0 : Hands down the best online class I've taken at state.  Shes really funny and the lectures are actually interesting.  It's really organized so you always know whats up.  I took it for GE and didn't expect to get much out of it but it was awesome.  Love the memes and gifs.  :D Recommended.
5.0 : Overall, I thought this class was very easy. There are slide shows for each week (a little long but goes by fast), a quiz, and a discussion board. There's two papers you have but they aren't too bad if you were paying attention to the slide shows. This class was very organized and the prof did her best to make it enjoyable. Super interesting, too!
4.0 : Lisa is not a corrupted professor. She believes each student has so much potential. I suggest she will be a help i your future later on if you continue to make contact with her.   Although this isn't a quick easy A... she will make most of the work easy on you. Also, try not to procrastinate much on this class. It can add up
4.0 : Anderson is awsome!  Super funny and seems to care about students.  Responds to emails fast.  Uses tons of memes and gifs and stuff that kept me laughing and awake.  I didn't dread reading the lecture stuff.  Seems really chill.  I actually learned stuff and find myself thinking about things from class.  Take her!
5.0 : Awesome class!  One of the best online classes I've ever had.  Her lectures are interesting and funny.  You have to keep up with the work, but you can work ahead of schedule and even get done early.  Recommended!
5.0 : I took this online with her and I'm so glad I did. She was so interactive with us students and you can tell she really cares. There is homework every week but it isn't bad at all. 1 midterm, 1 final and 1 paper. Pretty straight forward and not difficult at all if you read the PowerPoints.
5.0 : The whole semesters work is posted so I was able to get ahead and get the weekly quizzes out of the way (usually just 5 questions on the week's topic).  One pretty long paper, but thats about it.  The ppt lectures were actually interesting and entertaining sometimes, made going through em less painful.  This is exactly how a G.E. class should be!!!
5.0 : Overall this one one of the classes where I got the opportunity to learn a lot of things. As long as you do all the required assignments you should be able to pass the class. The tests are a little hard so make sure you study and have your notes handy when you take the test.
5.0 : This was a really good class.  Professor Anderson is so nice and caring and the topics were all intersting.  Weekly homework thats not too hard but you have to keep up on.  Take notes on all the lectures for the tests.  Start the project early!  I thought it was going to suck but then I really got into it and am proud of what I accomplished.
5.0 : I took Anth 30 online and I loved it. You don't have to buy a textbook because she has all of the information in her powerpoints- which are actually really entertaining and interesting. One easy paper due near the end of the semester. Assignments/tests/quizes due weekly based on powerpoints. Easy class must take.
5.0 : It was easy the only thing is that you have to read a book and write an essay on it. There's only three module with weekly exercises that you can complete ahead. Make sure to go over the power point because it'll be really helpful. Quizzes are straight from exercises so do your exercises! I would recommend this course! Text book not required!
5.0 : This class is easy-as long as you do the work. It's an online class so there's discussion boards &amp; quizzes every week so make sure to pay attention to the due dates. You do need both textbooks because one of the textbooks you have to do a paper on. The quizzes &amp; exam come straight off from the other textbook. Easy A-you have to try hard to fail.
5.0 : Lisa's Anthropology online class is EXCELLENT. Take it. Take it take it take it!!! You wont regret it! Seriously her class is structured and laid out in such a clear and simple way. It very easy to know what is due when and you can work ahead in the class! Stay on top of the weekly assignments, take notes off the lectures and you'll do fine!
5.0 : Easy online class, read the material, take notes, then quiz. Same thing every week, sometimes you have to do papers or online activities, but other than that it's an easy class. Midterm, paper and final. She's tough on essays and writing, so make sure you know your stuff. Most likely to pass the class if you get 4-5/5 on quizzes. NO TEXTBOOK!
4.0 : a great professor but i personally did not like the class. lectures were too long, tests were difficult and there is no book to look in. Easy homework. and there is a semester long project on a global issue, its easy but just a lot of work to do for an online class. i wouldn't take this class again
5.0 : She's a really good teacher. She'll help you out with everything.
5.0 : I actually really enjoyed her class! All the assignments were very clear and she is very clear about her expectations. Just take notes on lectures and complete the exercises and you'll easily pass!
4.5 : Mrs. Anderson is a funny and nice teacher. I learned several things in her class and none of the lectures were boring. The class is entirely online, so you do have to remember to do the weekly exercises by the due date.
5.0 : Great professor.  She is really nice and funny. I really liked the class; it's interesting, eye-opening, and easy.  Just read, do the assignments, go to class because lectures are important.  You need the material from the textbooks and lectures.
3.0 : There's a paper due at some point during the semester, please for your own good and sanity, get started on it ahead of time. Other than that, she makes this class rather interesting by using GIFs in her powerpoints and the videos are interesting. Study, study, study and you'll pass honestly. It's just facts that are easy to remember.
5.0 : Great online class.  It's really  organized so that you always know what you need to do and when, and she's really funny so you don't really mind reading the lectures.  There is a book you have to read and a paper, but it's not bad.  No expensive textbook. Responds to emails very fast and she's super nice.  Recommended!
5.0 : Professor Anderson's class is fun and informative! Her PowerPoint presentations are long but she makes them enjoyable by adding funny jokes and memes. This class is tough in regards to the material but she makes it easy through her presentations and exercises. Assignments and quizzes due every week but if you put in the effort you'll pass!
5.0 : Super nice professor!   I liked her lectures. They were interesting and funny.  I didn't mind reading them like other classes where it was a chore.  Take NOTES on them though.  It will save you on the tests.  Only a midterm and final, a paper, and weekly homework/quizzes.  The weekly homework is easy and can save your grade.  Great prof!
5.0 : Excellent Professor!!! Really tries to get students to participate. You can tell he really wants everyone to pass but at the same me understand the subject. There are participation points so if you know won't volunteer to present cases don't take this class. There are a lot of case briefs but they really help when it comes down to the test.
4.0 : This class was so much fun! He treats the course as a discussion class instead of a lecture. Participation is really important and it help you earn 5% extra credit at the end. class is broken down to one quiz, midterm, final, and paper. pretty easy if you show up to class and pay attention.
4.0 : This class was super chill! He has an awesome sense of humor and is easy to get along with. He will make you look like a dumbass at times if you ask airhead questions. I put no effort at all into this Class and came out with a high "C", never even bought the textbook. There's only a midterm and a Final and some small quizzes here and there.
5.0 : He was such a great professor. Had some pretty cool "war stories" to share with the class about criminal law. There's a quiz, a midterm, a small paper that is really easy to write, and the final. If you participate in class he'll bump your grade up 5% if you need it. Overall, I'd take his class again. Probably my favorite class at Fresno State.
5.0 : Readings and quizzes due every class, take home mid term and final they are short answer questions, group projects basically very class (you work with the same group the whole semester) one big group project broke down throughout the semester. No textbook all material online
3.5 : Took this class  during winter break. Was very fast paced but  was doable. 3 books. Had to write a critical analysis paper on one of them. On the other 2 had to read  parts of them and write in discussion boards about them, or what you learned. 9 modules total only had to post in 5 of them. Was not difficult at all if you read and keep up
3.0 : Do not take this class. 4 textbooks, plus one scanned onto blackboard (impossible to read), a short essay, critical review of one of the books, and an ass tone of questions for each chapter of each book. Lets get real here, that amount of course work is unnecessary for a GE class.
5.0 : He will call you out if you try to leave early, so tell him in advance and leave quietly. Lectures and videos are interesting, must do reading to pass quizzes. There's two books and you can decide which one you want to write your paper on. Attendance isn't taken but if you dont show up you miss the quizzes which are a big chunk of your grade.
5.0 : Very Interesting course, expect to read and think critically if you want an A. 14 discussion board post oppurtunities, must do 10. One short essay, one critical lit. review. 2 tests and the final. Great instructor, gives feedback early. Write at a collegiate level and do the work, you'll be good. I highly recommend it if you need a "W" course.
5.0 : He's a great prof. He really does let you voice and explore your opinion, only if it's actually a logically based argument and not just bashing another culture. I respect him a lot. He uses all his text books, so you will have to read and write for this course.
4.0 : Dr. Delcore is kind and passionate about what he teaches. He understands the importance of learning, yet teaches students that there is a lesson with everything you do, even in failing. Great professor that I would recommend to all!
5.0 : Professor gives great feedback and always makes things interesting. You will end up using all the textbooks assigned! You only have to work on discussion boards, one short essay, one critical review on a novel, midterm, and final.
4.0 : I couldn't stand this class. It's a core class so I had to take it, but it really didn't teach how to use concepts and apply them to different anthropological sub fields, it just talked about war and used a cultural perspective. This was also an online hybrid class, but it should have just been fully online. The group project was a joke.
5.0 : Took this class as a G.E. requirement and I would take it again if I could because it was so interesting and it was easy. He would try his best to make the class interesting for us. If you need help he'll be there when needed.
5.0 : Dr. Thomas was a great teacher! He was very informative and he reminded the class of assignments due. Tests are hard if you don't show up to class, but he explains everything and answers all questions in a timely manner.
3.0 : It's a easy class all you have to do is take the exams seriously because they are worth a lot.
4.0 : Prof. Helsel is a petite box of dynamite! She's passionate, sarcastic, funny &amp; entertaining. You will not pass if you miss lectures, do not read or study. There's little instruction on the tests or quizzes, just a term listed, so you must know what she's asking for to answer correctly.  Recommend flash cards &amp; group study b/c a ton of material.
5.0 : Dr. Helsel is easily one of the best professors I've ever had at State. Her lectures were truly enjoyable &amp; funny, and were interesting because she adds in her own personal experience having been a nurse. Three tests, two papers, write down everything she says in class &amp; buy the textbook &amp; reader and actually read them, it'll pay off.
2.5 : She lectures like she has ADD.  It took me half of the semester to figure out her lecture style.  Then it is erratic.  She has a lot of knowledge that she gives at once.  Its up to you to take the fine tooth comb and pull out what you need to know.  I like her but very hard to follow.
5.0 : My absolute favorite professor at State. She is incredibly knowledgeable and entertaining. she has so much life experience that she shares. I loved every class I took with her. She expect her student's to do their part and read required materials as well as attend class. If you can't do that, do yourself a favor, and take someone else.
5.0 : Dr. Helsel gives amazing lectures on Sociology. I never thought I would enjoy sociology so much until I took her class. There are 2 midterms and 1 final. She gives a study guide of everything that will be on there so study that and you should be fine. There are two papers. Total of 10 easy pop quizzes, each one is given at the end of each section
4.5 : Professor Helsel is a fantastic professor. Her class is so fascinating and she is completely engaging. I never wanted to miss her lectures because they were so fun and informative.
4.0 : Deborah is an incredible lecturer. Her class is engaging and informative. I never wanted to miss class because I enjoyed it so much. She expects you to make an effort, but since we are college students that is hardly an unreasonable expectation. I would take another class taught by her if I could.
5.0 : Awesome lady, had me so intrigued in the seminars. basic structure, 3 exams, 2 papers 25 pts and 50 pts, and final. attendance is  definitely mandatory, if you don't  go you will have no idea what is on the quizzes. The quizzes are hard as it is. Write as much notes as you can. Read the book, especially the handouts -they are majority of the tests!
2.0 : She is an okay professor but believes this class is really important. don't take her better professors out there.
3.5 : Talks a big game in the beginning but her tests are not that hard if you study.
5.0 : One of the best professors on campus. Lectures are very entertaining and she is funny. She says you have to read the book, but I never even bought the book and passed with an A. Everything you need to know she says in lecture. She has pop quizzes so keep up on the lectures. For the paper, just agree with her on the topic to get a good grade :)
5.0 : Don't take this class if you expect to pass without studying. Yes, this class requires memorization and some critical thinking, but Dr. Helsel is a funny, engaging professor, so class itself is not boring. I learned many things from this class, so it's highly recommended from me!
5.0 : Helsel is awesome  Her lectures were never boring.  She's super fun, and she REALLY knows her stuff.  You don't really have to read the book, just go to class and take good notes and you'll be solid.  Review your notes every once in a while because some of the pop quizzes might get you  Tests are easy if you go through the study guides.
5.0 : Dr. Helsel is a great addition to the dept of Sociology. She's a ball of energy and her lectures are engaging! I would highly recommend anyone to take her class. She has ten pop up quizzes which are not difficult, two papers and the final. Pretty easy class with no homework but make sure to heavily take notes, it's the key to passing!
5.0 : Exams are moderately difficult. Pop quizzes are pretty tough. Keep up with lectures and read the assigned reading assignments. Her lectures are very interesting and she's down to earth. Take extra notes, not just what she writes on the board.
5.0 : Great professor. Don't be absent. Write everything she says. The quizzes &amp; exams are mostly lecture based. Study guide given for the exams. Read all the articles &amp; reading assignments because she uses it as an essay topic for the exam. Quizzes are supposed to be pop quizzes but 90% of the time she informs us ahead of time. Two papers not too hard.
5.0 : Professor Helsel is a tremendous professor at Fresno State! Her lectures are never boring and she always has some type of real life story that helps make things clear. She truly does her best to help make things understandable, and tests are literally what she lectures so take good notes! So glad I was able to have her!
3.0 : Dr. Helsel was a good instructor but she was a little difficult for me. There's 2 papers that were very easy as long as you do them. Her test were a little difficult and a lot to remember but would have been easier to follow if she had powerpoints. I thought she was really passionate about her sociology&amp;the class was manageable. Good luck
4.5 : This teacher is the best. I'm so glad I took this class with her. I made sure to find any class with her now,I'm taking medical soc with her next semester. Shes hilarious, she does pop quizzes but just go to class and you'll do fine. Tests are kinda hard but study like she says and you'll do good. I didnt buy the textbook and I'm about to get an A.
5.0 : Dr. Helsel has a passion for the subjects she teaches and it is evident in her lectures.  Skipping class is not recommended, not only for better understanding of the subject matter, but also because she gives 10 random quizzes throughout the semester.  Her tests are based on her lecture and that's a good thing because she is funny and engaging.
5.0 : Dr. Helsel expects you to put in the effort so you can pass her class. I barely read the texts and passed this class with an A. Just make sure you take good notes during her lectures, and also make sure to pay attention. Attendance is mandatory which is why she has pop quizzes. Study for the exams, and if you need help with the papers ask!
4.0 : She is amazing and funny. She is a little political but it fell in line with whatever she was teaching. Attendance is measured by ten pop quizzes and you need to be there to understand what will be on the 3 tests. I loved her class and her lectures really inspired me.
2.5 : Write down everything she says not just what she puts on the board. Then go back and rewrite them when she is done lecturing on that section. Pay special attention to the quotes &amp; phrases she uses. Do the reading. ASK questions if you don't understand something. This is a hard class and a difficult teacher. She will help you if you ask for it.
4.5 : Dr. Johnson was an ok teacher. i hate english but i still pass the class. the course is easy. he is open about the topic on essays. everything is clear. used all the books he required. let us out early almost all the time. just read the books and go to class even though it's boring (to me).
4.5 : Dr. Hiebert is one of the best professors I have met.  If you put in the effort to read the chapters and do the homework as he assigns them, you will succeed.  Workbook and reading homework assigned every class.  In class, he goes through exercises that are nearly identical to the tests and quizzes.  Very fun professor.
5.0 : He is a great professor. If you don't miss any class throughout the semester, you will get extra credit. You get extra credit if you read just a little paragraph. I bought the book but it was a waste because we don't really need it. I didn't do the homework and I till passed with an A.  Do good on the tests and read and you'll for sure pass.
4.0 : Sr. Martinez is pretty straightforward and sometimes organized with his expectations. I took this class to refreshen my memory on Spanish. And despite being lost throughout the semester, I was able to seek Sr. Martinez's help. Do take advantage of his office hours. Attendance and reading counts as extra points. And there's a group project.
3.5 : I found this class extremely boring, but it's actually really easy. He gives alot of extra credit and you use the textbook during class and do online homework, but it doesn't take long to do. He likes joking around alot.
5.0 : If you ever need to take Jesus Martinez take him I promise you won't regret it! The best professor I have ever had. Gives a lot of extra credit I mean galore! Failed most of my tests and somehow I am at an A because of perfect attendance and extra credit! Very easy class and fun teacher! You won't regret taking this class!
5.0 : Gives a crazy amount of extra credit! Top 4 in class w highest grade dont take the final, funny and always happy, took him for two years and would take him again! lots of papers (600 words), group interview, tests on chapter/material read, cancels class every now and then, totally recommend him
5.0 : If you speak Spanish the class will be really easy for you, it reminded me of a high school spanish class and I had a lot of fun in it.  We had written assignments, an essay, group video, and test for each lesson which was every 2-3 weeks. Although it sounds like a lot it really wasn't at all. Really liked this professor!
5.0 : Best professor at Fresno State! He  gives a lot of extra credit and he is extremely helpful .
5.0 : I love Dr. Vang. She is one of the best professor at Fresno State. She is very sweet and makes class easy and understandable for students. There are three exams and a final, a midterm and some journals. She makes class interesting and always tries to work things out with you. I highly recommend her.
5.0 : Best teacher ever! Love going to her class, take her she makes every class fun and interesting her exams are very straight forward all the questions come from the study guide not hard at all as long as you just study and you will do fine!!
5.0 : Dr. Vang is the best you should take a course with her if you get the chance. I love her style of teaching. Not difficult at all! Her sex &amp; gender course was really enjoyable! Only 2 exams and a couple of assignments throughout the semester plus a final group project. Easy A!
5.0 : Take her for all your classes if you can! The best teacher on campus. Very generous and very kind lady.
5.0 : Professor Vang is a nice Professor, only had 2 exams and 1 final, Had 2 papers, Very respectful person to her own students. Organized professor who cares for her own students. Grading wasn't too bad she gave out like 25 pts extra credit.
5.0 : Most underrated teacher in Fresno. take her!
5.0 : Dr. Vang is an amazing teacher. Very sweet lady
5.0 : Dr. Vang is by far the best professor I've ever had in my secondary studies.  Her lectures are very meaningful and really can relate to our everyday lives.  She is a tough grader when it comes to grammar errors but she gives you the resources you need to improve.  Go to class for a good laugh and prepare to have some good discussions.
5.0 : shes amazing! :)
5.0 : LOVE Dr. Vang. So sweet and funny! She's very laid back and makes class very easy and understandable for students. She also lets you use notes on exams. I definitely recommend her.
5.0 : You'd think she's Hmong... But no! LOL. Prof. Vang is very nice, caring, and lenient. The lecture may be a little boring and very long, but passing the class should be pretty easy as long as you attend the lectures (attendance graded), submit 2 essays, participate in a group project, and complete 3 tests. Would recommend! :)
5.0 : She is the best teacher ever! I would take her class again! Easily passed with a A. We had to watch a movie and answer 4 questions like 2 paragraphs each and a research paper 4 pages long. There was 2 quizzes. Midterm about 25 questions+short response test she gives you study guide and final is a 1 page essay. She's a really sweet&amp;helpful teacher
5.0 : She wants you to understand the material. It helps to speak up in her class.
3.5 : This was a class that was completely off the wall. Though he doesn't grade on attendance if you don't go to this class you're going to miss quite a bit because it's really lecture based and he covers a LOT of topics very quickly in small doses. Enthusiastic teacher lots of illustrations for topics. Tests aren't too bad either just a strange topic.
5.0 : I am not a science person, but Don makes science so much fun! I definitely learned a lot from him and he is always so full of energy when it comes to physics.
5.0 : Loved Don for the Physics half of NSCI 1A! He was extremely clear and thorough about explaining physics concepts and I understood everything even though I've never taken physics. Give tons of demonstrations of concepts and advice that is appicable in the classroom. I highly recommend!
5.0 : Lectures are great he is funny. I recommend him as a professor. Gets the students engaged in the lesson. If you volunteer you get extra credit only up to 2 points.
4.0 : He's a very interesting lecturer; he keeps you entertained and makes it fun. The class isn't hard but you definitely need to go to class because there is no textbook. I would recommend doing the homework; although it isn't mandatory, it is helpful! And if you can try to get Kathleen Harrison as your lab instructor; she's great!
2.5 : Don's enthusiastic, a great person. But a hard grader. Lot's of information in lectures. Don't miss. The tests: 50 minutes there are 50 questions. Know the conversions--which he requires you to memorize. However, he does give a formula sheet. Homework is posted outside, you need to take pictures with your phone to keep up. No Blackboard to post HW
4.5 : Amazing professor. His lectures are always so fun and exciting! Never a dull day in his class. His test are straight off of the homework so make sure to keep up with the homework. If you want to pass the class, make sure to go to class
5.0 : Don is one of the best professors I have had so far! I took him for Physics 10, and I do not like science very much, but he made it fun for everyone. He understands that not all students love science, so he gets creative in his lectures. He's very demonstrative and super easy to talk to if you're lost on something.
5.0 : Don is a great Professor. I had him so far in two physics classes and am planning on taking another class with him next Fall. He really makes learning about physics fun and exciting and is always upbeat. He even does in class demonstrations a lot which I found helpful because I am a visual learner.
3.0 : I took this class because i thought it would be interesting, it was, but it's really hard. He explains a concept but doesn't really give you all the tools you need to figure the stuff out on the homework or the test. Go to his office hours if you are struggling. the sooner the better because he will help you and is really nice about it.
3.5 : He's a very good lecturer however he gives you very simple examples in class and then when you do homework you'll be a bit confused. Also this semester for some reason his test are ridiculously hard compared to last semesters.
4.0 : textbook is cheap. everything you do in class is on test. i recommend him
5.0 : Class lecture are super interesting and entertaining; everyday of lecture is a demonstration. Attendance is not mandatory however it would be very beneficial to attend lecture as the instructor does cover a lot of information. The instructor is very friendly and approachable. Two exams, one mini-exam and final. Keep in mind that there is also lab.
5.0 : Amazing teacher! He makes every lecture clear &amp; also fun because he acts everything out. Answers any questions you have and will help you if you don't understand. Homework is optional in the class but they are very similar to the tests so if you do them you'll do good on the tests.
5.0 : Great teacher! Provides many examples during class that help with understanding the topic and gives homework based on that day's topic. HW is important! It is 10 percent of your grade and you have to turn it in before class begins. His tests get harder as the semester continues but he is there to help you!
5.0 : Don is so funny and keeps you entertained the entire duration of the lecture. He truly is a great professor and I really enjoyed going to his class. I don't normally like physics, but I would take another physics class if it were taught by him.
5.0 : Don is one of the funniest professors I've ever had. He does interesting demonstrations during lectures which helps keep us engaged in class &amp; his lectures are really informative and clear, so definitely TAKE NOTES during each lecture (you won't need the textbook if you take good notes). He writes his own hw &amp; exams, so review hw to prep for exams.
5.0 : I wish I would have had a science teacher like him when i was younger I might have loved science. He's a great teacher. I struggled in his class well b/c i suck at science not his fault but he's great. Take whatever lab but highly recommend his for lecture
4.0 : I'm so glad I took Don's class. I wish I would have had him for Phys 2A too. Don is very helpful and his lectures are both fun and informative.  Don really cares about his students and he is easy to relate to. You can get an A but you're going to have to work for it. I spent a lot of time studying for the tests.
5.0 : Best class I've ever taken. Second time with Don and I have loved both. He is down to earth, loves students, loves science, and is a talented teacher. He knows how to explain things and make things explainable. He requires a lot of participation (that kind of class) but before you have a chance to balk, you're already doing it and loving it.
4.0 : One of the best Phys. Prof I have taken for 2A very caring and his lectures are great! His HW is similar to lec. but is a bit more difficult and makes you think about it, but its only to help. He posts previous Exams to help you study for upcoming exams. He has 3 Exams and 1 Final, but drops lowest Exam. HW is turned in beginning of class. NO book
5.0 : His lectures are super fun. He shows experiments with his lectures and if you volunteer to try his experiments during class, You get extra credit. How cool is that! Attendance is not mandatory but you wouldn't want to miss class because there's a lot of information to take notes on. He also doesn't use blackboard so homework is done on paper.
4.0 : The class is split into two portions: physics and chemistry. The physics portion is really great. The chemistry portion he has a lot of trouble with. He gives homework every day, but doesn't actually grade it, just checks to see that you wrote something. You never use the book.
5.0 : The lectures are pretty entertaining. He made science fun.. the test are difficult but he let us use a page of notes for the test.
4.0 : Don is a really cool guy. The in-class experiments are entertaining. He offers extra credits for those who volunteers. There's no attendance sheet. The hw is just practice for exams, not worth any points whatsoever. No writing assignment and textbook at all. Grades are based off on exams. He will curved the exam scores if it's very low.
1.0 : Don is a horrible professor. He has no textbook and no PowerPoint lectures. Hes a fun professor but his teaching style is horrible. I wouldnt recommend taking the class with him. His test are nothing like his practice test and theres no textbook to read if you dont understand his lecture.
1.0 : There are no textbooks or powerpoints to reference back to. His test are nothing like the homework and test questions are hard to understand. He does not log in grades in the grade book which makes it hard to keep up with your grade. Overall I would not recommend this professor.
4.0 : Good professor but old school. For physics 10, its more hands on so we never had PowerPoints. He doesnt use blackboard which makes it hard to watch your grade and he also has few things in the grade book. Pay attention in class!! He gives extra credit for those who help so be willing to help. Interesting class overall.
4.5 : You must come to class on time because hw is due at 8 AM sharp. Otherwise he takes the hw box away and you can't submit your hw. To do well for his exams, just go over your lecture notes and hw. The hw and handouts provided from SI sessions were similar to exams. I recommend making a sheet with all the metric minutes given throughout the semester.
4.5 : Very high strung and energetic, she is also very funny so I can't see anybody not enjoying her class. There isn't really any homework per se. Everything is done in class, sometimes you have to do a little extra outside of class but never an assignment. It is also hands-on learning so that might also be a plus.
5.0 : Dr. P. emphasizes simplifying things. You do need to study to pass the exams. Know the study guides and you'll pass. Group project throughout the semester but she doesn't grade too hard. She makes the class enjoyable. Answers emails ASAP.
4.0 : Shes a nice teacher but her test are have so much random information that only she understands. I wouldn't reccomend this class because it can make or break your chance of passing.
1.5 : Wang is a great teacher, he cares for his students, and wants everyone to pass! There are 2 test midterm and final, that are a 100 questions each. They're on the tougher side but if you study they come easy. Two projects as long as you do the work you'll do great!
5.0 : Dr. Henson is a great teacher. Difficult at times but nonetheless a great teacher and friend. In upper division classes the test are hard, so study!
3.0 : 2 Exams, lab quizzes, 3 lab retail id quizzes, lab report. Attendance will matter for labs. The exams are a mix of multiple choice, short answer, fill-in, t/f, definitions. If you get a high score than your previous exam, he'll give you 10% bonus. I recommend to study hard, especially if you are bad at memorization. Class is ok but interesting.
2.0 : ASCI 11 is sort of a joke. There's not much science behind what he tries to teach you. You'll learn industry applicable information  in lecure, but lab is mostly opinion. He constantly contradicts himself and most of what he teaches turns out to be wrong even when Henson himself puts it into practice.
5.0 : Good guy, enthusiastic and passionate about what he teaches. He covers most of the homework in class, and tests are easy as long as you study exactly what's on the study guide. You can afford to skip a class or two without much damage. Recommend reading the textbook for clarification, sometimes the information takes a while to understand.
4.0 : He's a great professor. 3 tests each non-comprehensive. Top Hat quizzes about once weekly random attendance on Top Hat. If you attend class and do all the study guides he posts you should get an A. Top Hat quizzes are exactly like Lecture and test questions similar to lecture material his study guides break down exactly whats on the test.
5.0 : I took this class over winter intercession and found it to be extremely easy.  If you show up to class every day, listen to the lectures, and do the assignments you will get an easy A.  Dr. Agbayani is willing to work with his students to get a good grade and pass his class.
5.0 : Best proffesor at fresno state!!! He is funny, smart, and passionate! Will teach you how to do problems step by step. Would take again.
5.0 : Awesome professor. He gave extra credit online. He also gave extra points on exams and on pop quizzes days. Pop quizzes were open book and open notes. Final was not comprehensive. He cared about his students and he also explained everything thoroughly.
5.0 : Smart guy with a kind heart. It's been said he doesn't push students hard enough . The person that said this didn't consider the quality of coverage he gave about topics in the field that he did cover. Walking away from this class confident about Syntax. Clear with his expectations, concise about papers and tests, kind to students. A+prof
4.0 : Multiple choice (10 question) quizzes are pretty easy. Exams are blue book w/ 10-12 questions (2 are essay questions that must be 2-3 para. long. Gives a study guide of everything that'll be on the exams. Often takes attendance. Take notes of all the examples he shows u esp if they're not in English. Easy A if you study!
5.0 : He made the class interesting and funny. You do most of the homework in class, and the tests are fairly easy as long as you go over the study points he gives. I never really used the book because he went over most of the chapters in class, but it can be helpful if you need extra clarification.
2.0 : Taking this class as an elective. I really can't tell you how incredibly boring this class is. Hardly anyone ever comes, everyone just shows up on the days that projects are due. Projects are so easy and elementary (photo, audio, video projects). It's hard to not leave early cause the class seems so pointless.
2.0 : she is VERY nice but SO boring. I couldn't stay awake in class. My class was an hour and 50 minutes and she took up the entire time lecturing EVERY single class period. I can't emphasize the word boring enough.
4.5 : Attendance for grade but only 10 days of the semester. A few easy assignments and extra credit. Two group projects. Super easy class. She follows the syllabus for the most part. No exams. She's super knowledgable and nice. Highly recommend!
4.5 : Gish's lectures are full of excitement. Interesting examples are used. No final. Three tests; last test is taken during finals week. Attendance is kind of mandatory because you'll never know when she gives out writing assignments during class that is counted towards your grade. Got a C because I skipped Sit in the front of class, her voice is soft.
5.0 : Peggy is the BEST professor I have ever had and I was pretty sad for the semester to end. She loves her students and makes sure that everyone is understanding the topics. Attendance isn't mandatory but your grade depends on it because she does random writing assignments atleast once a week and that is counted towards your grade.
4.5 : I enjoyed her very much. Attendance was not mandatory, but recommended since there are random journals submissions throughout the semester. She doesn't give out study guides, so make sure you go to lecture and her review sessions. Topics are VERY interesting. She is passionate in what she teaches and is willing to answer any questions.
5.0 : I took this class just to fill credits and I am so glad that I did. Peggy Gish was a wonderful professor and I loved her class. She is really passionate about what she teaches and her lectures were interesting and fun!
3.5 : 1 paper, 2-3 pages about you views on sexuality. She has a soft voice so sit up front or listen closely. she does random writing assignments in class for 5 points (total 60 for the semester) 3 tests. She gives a vague study guide so read the chapter. Fun class but you have to pay attention and take notes. shows movies but also tests about them.
4.0 : This is one of the easiest classes I have taken! There are only three exams including the final and they're super easy. You just write one essay that is three pages and no research is required.
4.0 : Easy class!! attendance mandatory! she gives 12 short writing assignments on random days, easy 60 points! so don't miss class! interesting lectures, read book! gives some what of a study guide on what to study for quizzes, extra credit paper, and one writing assignment super easy!
3.5 : She is a very good instructor, kind and understandable. Sometimes it's hard to follow her lectures but the subject and course is easy enough where that shouldn't be a problem. My only complain is that she does not update on your grades so you kinda don't know what you have unless you go to her office hours and ask.
4.0 : human sexuality. super interesting does good job at breaking the ice. passionate about field of study. Super helpful. goes over test prior to taking them so attend lectures she shows videos in class and asks on test. collects responses for a grade on random days. NO homework. one paper, two exams, one final. extra credit paper. EASY A.
4.0 : Honestly a pretty easy class, attendance isn't mandatory but there are 12 random papers during class that can affect your final grade. Textbook isn't mandatory but if you want a great grade on tests the book makes it much easier to achieve it. Overall easy, some classes were just videos then we got to leave, always finished class early.
5.0 : The course is easy, and engaging. Professor Gish is very friendly, open, and tries her best to ensure everyone is comfortable, as it is a class where sex is openly talked about.  Attendance isn't mandatory; however, it's best to go since she gives random writing assignments, and a lot of the test is made up of in-class videos and made up scenarios.
5.0 : Amazing teacher! I wish I could take this class again. She is so helpful and is just great overall. Not a hard teacher at all.
5.0 : Best PH professor ever! She's very nice and is more like a friend than professor. There is a presentation but she makes it that you feel comfortable even if your shy. The exams are easy and coming from both the lecture and book. Easy A!
4.0 : I ended with a C because I forgot to take on of the 4 online exams ( must be completed in specific time slot) or I would of had a B. complete discussion boards with some effort and use given study guides.
4.5 : This class is really interesting.   The professor is amazing.  Exams and discussion posts are all online.  Only 1 term paper that is about another culture. Extra credits are given for those who comes to class
5.0 : super easy class she wants you to learn. attendance not mandatory but w/miss her lectures, 4 tests all ?s come from lectures. 1 easy exercise, 1 group project get into a good group. project is easy but time consuming and present to class. didn't buy book no need for it. very nice helpful and gives extra credit on tests and during semester.
3.0 : Took this class over intersession. There was way too much to do for the amount of time we had. Take another intersession course if possible. Take the lectures seriously and take good notes. Submit your paper early so she can give you feedback. Would've ended up with an A if I took notes for the first exam. Study for map quizzes!
5.0 : Very interesting class, would definitely take a class from her again.
4.0 : CRYSTAL CLEAR ON GRADING. 4 exams, 1 paper about another culture, 8 discussion boards. Class is doable and easy. Very easy for an online course.
1.0 : Do yourself a big favor and don't take any class by this professor if possible.
2.5 : Four multiple choice and true/false exams (which include map locations) (105 points each)  One interview paper (100 points)  Participation and discussion (8 discussion board questions: 10 points each--80 points total)   overrated &amp; overhyped
3.0 : a little bit hard
5.0 : Doctor Makofske is an absolute crack up! This guy made an 8am class easy to attend with his accents and occasional scream to get the classes attention. The material might be a little overwhelming but don't be a loser. Do your hw, go to class, put your phone away, listen to what dude has to say, and pass the class. Simple.  10/10  would recommend.
4.0 : I got "D"s on all of my test I passed with an A+, but it requires a lot of time. The extra credit is what carried me, so do everything. His test are incredibly hard, since the stuff he says "This will be on test" usually is not. Reading the book is also pointless. You have to KNOW the material. To such an degree that you can talk freely about it.
4.0 : People have already mentioned the group project, attendance, etc. The only thing I will say is regarding the homework, pay attention and do the early chapters! He required us to get a certain amount of points, and the later chapters get harder. It's time consuming, but stack up points at the beginning ASAP so you're not stressing near finals week.
3.0 : Good teacher. He does go off on tangents and he spends lots of class time talking about random things. TAKE THE QUIZZES SERIOUSLY. Many of these are for extra credit. Everything from the quizzes is copied and pasted word for word in the exams so you'll do great. Connect Homework sucks and is super time consuming. One chapter  10hrs
5.0 : Prof. Makoske is, as far as I can tell, the best professor for ACCT4A if you want to LEARN the material. This isn't a class you pass because you exist in class. He has 3 tests, and a final. The final is comprehensive, but it's generally the easiest test of the semester. The group project isn't terribly hard and it's a great learning experience.
5.0 : All I have to say is if you did not get an A in his class, something is wrong with you. So much extra credit that it is harder to fail that class than to get an A if you actually try. The homework is time consuming but thats for all accounting classes. Best accounting 4a teacher at State!
5.0 : Class was very easy. 3 exams and one final. Quiz on every chapter and goes over them in class. Exams comes straight from the quizzes, so doing them and going to class to get the answers is going to help. Do your HW! Lots of extra credit to be earned. One group project but can be done individually. Failed 4A my first time, but got an A+ in his class
5.0 : Great teacher. As well as covering the material and preparing you for the exams, he tells great stories. The quizzes are done at home and you go over them in class together, so they help with the tests. He really prepares you for the exams. We had a lot of problems with the hw software, but that has nothing to do with him. Overall a great teacher.
2.5 : Great teacher just a hard subject. group project, start early. quizzes, four tests one is dropped. online hw which is hard and long but offers extra credit. go to the tutor is you have a hard time. attendance is part of the grade.
5.0 : Prof. Makofske is amazing. Do the quizzes, questions from the quizzes are taken and put on the tests. Four tests in total, one gets dropped. One easy group project. Connect homework takes forever, but if you do it, you can get extra points. The learnsmart is extra credit as well so do it. Extra Credit will carry your grade!
5.0 : Makofske is HILARIOUS! He is super caring and really wants his students to succeed. The only homework is connect but he gives you plenty of time. However, DO IN ADVANCE because it takes FOREVER but thats not his fault. Also, he offers plenty of extra credit. His tests are confusing. Group project is easy IF you have a good group that actually helps
5.0 : Amazing teacher! Extremely clear with instructions and her assignments will make you a better teacher. Take any class that she teaches!
5.0 : Amazing instructor! One of my favorites at Fresno State! She is super clear on what she is looking for in her assignments! You can tell she loves her job! Sweetest teacher! I am enjoying her class very much! Take her, shes amazing! :)
5.0 : Wonderful teacher!  Insightful and knowledgable
4.0 : She's an amazing person, always ready to encourage her students and be positive! ATTENDANCE MATTERS! class is once a week.  weekly online modules and a couple of projects, then a final with open notes:) Everything is very do-able.
5.0 : HW: Vocabulary flashcards every few weeks,  1 term paper, 1 presentation. Tests: 1 midterm.  Lectures are fun.  If you participate, you'll learn a lot.   Generous grader.  One of the most accessible and brilliant prof's at CSUF.
4.0 : I was stressed at the beginning of the class but Dr.Sean was great after all-very laid back and funny. There are 2 midterms , a final , and a paper which wasn't hard. Take notes and pay attention in class, and you'll do well in the exams. overall, he is a very intellectual prof and willing to help and his class was fun.
4.0 : I wish this professor would teach other classes! He is a helpful tool throughout your semester and knows exactly what he is doing. Attendance not mandatory but don't skip class if you want an A. Not a lot of homework only 4 packets for the whole semester. Practice quizzes to prepare you for the tests.
4.0 : I wish this professor would teach other classes! He is a helpful tool throughout your semester and knows exactly what he is doing. Attendance not mandatory but don't skip class if you want an A. Not a lot of homework only 4 packets for the whole semester. Practice quizzes to prepare you for the tests. He also curves the grades.
5.0 : Fun class; I heard it used to be hard but he changed it to make it easier and more interesting. It was obvious that students took the class  because Sean was teaching it--everyone adores him so try not to get distracted. Not much HW, but it's absolutely essential to do it as prep for tests. Group project wasn't too bad (my group did it in 1 day).
5.0 : Hilarious and adorable. Just make sure you call him by his preferred moniker, Instructor Fulop (pronounced fuh-LOPE, like fallopian).
5.0 : I thought this class was an easy class and he does not take attendance, but I recommend going because some of the topics discussed do get confusing.  There are 3 exams and 1 final as well as homework, but its not a lot and it is easy.  I would take this course with him again, he is an easy going teacher and easy to talk to.
4.0 : Really nice and knowledgeable  professor! His always willing to answer questions and help. He curves the grades. Does not take attendance but attend to class lectures if you want to pass. no required text and little homework. Most of the concepts covered in class and can be confusing but ask for help if you want to pass, can be easy A is ask help
5.0 : I took Sean for both Ling 11 and Ling 132. Ling is not my favorite subject but he definitely made it tolerable with his sense of humor. As long as you show up and do the work, you'll likely pass. I'd definitely recommend to take him if Ling isn't your strong suite.
5.0 : Great professor. Not too strict when it comes to grading. Attendance isn't mandatory, but the lectures can really help you understand concepts so go to them! Term paper isn't too bad, just follow the examples he gives you. Make sure you read through the book and your notes before exams and you should be fine.
5.0 : Dr. Lynn Williams is "THE BEST, out of THE BEST!" I've never in my entire college career have take a professor like Willams. He is truely one of a kind. If you want that "A" you should consider taking Dr. Williams because he is absolutely great!
3.5 : Williams' is an awesome teacher. He really liked to apply real world things to economics and he loves to share funny personal stories. We had one quiz, which was open for discussion and he gave everyone A's at the end of the semester.
5.0 : Easy A. You don't really have to show up to class.  Most classes we go off topic.
5.0 : Easiest ever.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have took at state! He wants all his students to pass and make it  easy too  , he always tells you exactly what are on his tests and is hilarious!
4.5 : Lynn is a really swell professor, he tends to go off on tangents but yet usually manages to bring them back to the topic he's teaching. This may seem impractical, but it conveys material surprisingly well. While it's really easy to pass, if you're not showing up and participating, he will most likely not give you a high grade.
3.5 : BY FAR THE BEST TEACHER ON FRESNO STATES CAMPUS!!!!WOULD DEFINITELY TAKE AGAIN. He wants everyone to pass and is pretty funny.
5.0 : This guy is hilarious, I wouldn't say I learned a lot of technical business knowledge, however life lessons and over all perspective change on life for sure. He will make you live your life as a happier person. He's a awesome guy and you will never forget him after you're done.
5.0 : Took this class during summer 2015. Easiest class I've ever taken. He tells the best stories and always applies it back to the lecture. Every Thursday the class met for breakfast burritos at Tacos Marquitos instead of class. Definitely recommend if you need a GPA booster!
5.0 : Went to class 3 times and still got a B. Huge thing against lying. Don't try to lie and say you're sick and won't be in class. Be honest with him and he won't care! Told him at the end of the semester I was too busy with other stuff to go to his class so he gave me a B! Worked with me
5.0 : He teaches in a way that is easy to understand. He wants everyone to pass and really helps you get an A. Even though attendance isn't mandatory I would go because the subject material is important to know if you're a business major. Teaches you great life lessons and forces you to get to know your classmates which I appreciated.
5.0 : EASIEST AGBS CLASS EVER! we never had hw. we only had two 7 question quizzes. talks about irrelevantfunfunny stuff the whole period. very nice and talkative! must take with him! i got an A in the class and we never really did anything! so to williams!!
5.0 : It was awesome the way he connected real life situations with economics. Ag Business or Ag in general isn't my major and I feel like I learned so much about a topic I was pretty much oblivious to.
1.5 : He's a cool guy, but not a good professor. I went to every class and we talked about the same stuff, never had homework and got a B. The final was a group final and he was gone to starbucks for like 20 minutes and I got a B!!!! Not looking forward for having him in the futures
5.0 : One of my favorite professors on campus! I have had him for 3 different classes, (AGBS155 being the most recent) and he is always great.
5.0 : If you enjoy discussions about current events, environmental issues, and politics, then you'll enjoy this course. Dr. Williams is not too conservative or liberal. He's very intelligent and if students are silent and don't get involved in the discussions then he'll get as bored as us students. Fairly easy exams. One paper. He's funny too! Thumbs up.
2.0 : I liked him as a person, not as a professor. He said there would be 12 quizzes and a final. Ended up taking 1 quiz on the syllabus and the final was like 6 questions, so a quiz. This class was a bit of a joke, but I appreciated the A for a better GPA. I didn't learn much, but I did laugh a lot.
4.0 : He really cares about the outdoors! Beware of group projects! I would recommend taking this class with a few friends, it will make it easier. Sometimes his lectures are confusing. There's 2-3 quizzes, a midterm and a final. They're pretty easy if you're good at memorizing things.
5.0 : He is cool. His lectures are basically stories of his adventurous and he can be really funny. Totally take this class if you have the option!! SO EASY! like 3 tests and 1 writing assignment and lots of EC.
5.0 : Prof. Butchert was really great to take for my first semester. He was always willing to help you out and work around what works best for you, It isn't the super easy A if you don't show up to class, but it was a fun one. Easy testing, tons of extra credit, just good vibes all around, he'll do anything he can to make you pass. Definitely recommend!
5.0 : He is very understanding. He is an absolutely awesome person. He makes class actually pleasant to attend. He makes the subject interesting
4.0 : Cool guy, enjoyed hearing a lot about his adventures during class. 1 really simple essay, 2 quizzes, and 2 exams. Super easy to pass this class
5.0 : Some might say this class is an easy A, but it's not super easy. It is easy to get an A, IF you go to class and on the trips. If you miss class you will miss stuff on the quizzes and get a bad grade. Basically just show up to class and listen to what the  guy has to say! It's easy to get an A, but it is also easy not to. Just go, he's hot. So fun!
5.0 : BEST CLASS AND TEACHER AT STATE HANDS DOWN. super fun class, great experience, him being hot is the cherry on top.
5.0 : Hottest man on earth. His six pack is on point. I would also follow him to the end of creation (see below). No, the end of the galaxy because he's so pretty. He saved me from drowning with his strong arms when I fell into the river. Did I also mention that he's a man dime? Oh and I guess the class is ok.
5.0 : 1 EASY essay. basically jut turn it in on time and you will get an A. 2 quizzes, 1 midterm, 1 final. if you don't go to class you will miss out on the answers to the quizzes/midterm/final. then it wont be an easy A. he is very interesting and always tells cool stories so just go!
5.0 : He is engaging. The trips are enjoyable. He actually provides chances for trips for his classes.
5.0 : Butchert is a great guy and he makes the class super easy. He makes the quizzes and tests pretty easy and there is occasionally homework but you can usually get it done in class. There is also competitive and cooperative game day with the class. Overall, super cool guy and an easy A.
5.0 : Great G.E course. Show up, participate, do the work and you'll pass. He makes it very easy to want to do all of these things. Other instructors on campus should def learn from this guy. Him looking as great as he does really is just the cherry on top to an excellent class.
5.0 : Great course! Great class! Great professor!  Easy 3 unit class that is very enjoyable and relaxing.  If you attend lectures there is no reason to study for the tests.  Lots of easy extra credit that encourages you to be active, after all that is what the class is about.  Easy easy easy.  And he's a cool guy too!!
4.5 : Justin is one of the coolest professors at State! He has a great sense of humor and you can tell he is really passionate about what he does. There a some quizzes/tests and two presentations, but overall it is an easy A, plus you get to take field trips as part of your grade, what's not to like?
4.5 : Took this during my first semester at CSUF! Possibly the easiest class in the world. I had to miss a lot of class due to health problems and he was more than understanding and told me not to worry about school and just to worry about my health. You have a few group presentations (which are really easy) but make sure you choose a good group!
5.0 : Great professor with a great attitude.I basically just turn in blue papers and do descent on exams. The extra credit brought me up to an A. Most of the extra credit came from the trips. Theres also only one essay which is very easy.
5.0 : Really cool guy. Easy material, if you show up to class. The only way to get the answers to fill in your packet, is to go to class. His lectures will typically involve a story he's experienced.  No books or heavy studying required. Lots of extra credit oppurtunity.
3.0 : Butchert is a decent teacher. He cares about what he is teaching, but the lectures can be boring and long.
5.0 : Best professor. Loved this class. Gives awesome insight on his business. Relaxed and easy going professor! Would take this class again!
5.0 : He's so perfect.
5.0 : Professor Butchert is a fun and outgoing guy. He has clear grading criteria and he makes the class easy to pass and a lot of fun. If you show up you will learn a lot. I got a C just because I skipped a lot of classes because attendance doesn't matter much and I didn't want to go at 8AM every day. He is worth taking and teaches a fun course.
4.5 : Great teacher is willing to help but he rather communicate with students who he is more familiar with.
4.5 : Butchert is one of the best professors on campus. Very funny guy that will teach you a lot. Very fun class and you will learn so much about the outdoors. Just turn in the blue papers and pass the exams which aren't hard at all. Also do some activities outside which was fun. He basically makes you pass the class. Definitely take this class.
5.0 : I would follow this man to the end of creation. and it's not just cause he's hot. but yeah. like 89 % of it is cause he's hot. but he teaches great to.
5.0 : Butchert is a great professor. He is passionate about his teachings and is honestly so lenient and funny. Easy A, great class!!
5.0 : By far one of my favorite classes! Easiest class you can ever take. Great Professor. If you enjoy the outdoors you will love this class. He teaches about Skydiving, hiking, rock climbing, how to use a compass etc... You have to do only one essay throughout the semester which is about your goals, very easy. You will learn a lot of great things!
5.0 : definately my favorite class I've taken so far, easy grader. lectures are long but goes along with his book. Will open your eyes to a lot of things about parks.
5.0 : Justin is a legit cool dude. He introduced me into activities I never did before such as rock climbing and sky diving. His lectures are basically stories of his. Only on essay and two tests and two quizzes. Gives a lot of EC. Easiest class on campus.
5.0 : Take this class. It is so easy! If you don't study and do bad on quizzes, you can just take a trip to the beachlake or anything outdoors and get extra credit.  He sometimes tells stories and talks on and on about things you could care less about but overall i enjoyed the class.
4.0 : The class is super easy, however, I didn't do as good as I should've. Lots of outdoor activities required to be done (2 independent field trips + 2 more trips as EC). 2 tests and 2 quizzes, but the questions are ridiculous. Attend class for notes, you'll need it. Lots of group assignments and storytelling; tons of extra credit opportunities.
5.0 : As long as you pay attention to his lectures, and come to class youll be fine.
5.0 : Easy class, 2 trips are mandatory but that's what makes this class great because he wants you to get out there with nature and do something. Just 1 essay but it's just about yourself and your goals. Interesting lectures &amp; if you can't make it to your class time, you can drop in at a different class time. Always willing to help out &amp; easy to talk to
5.0 : Justin's an awesome teacher and you can totally tell he loves his job and the students. Rec 80 covers a GE and it's super fun.
2.5 : HE IS THE HOTTEST PROFESSOR I HAVE EVER SEENMETHAD BUT OMG HE CAN TALK FOR DAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I SWEAR I FEEL LIKE I LOVE HIM! BUT ANYWHOOOO CLASS IS VERY INTERESTING YOU LEARN ALOT ABOUT THE PUBLIC ESTATE, NATIONAL PARKS AND OTHER RECREATIONAL EVENTS... ETC.. SO INTERESTING!!!! LOVE IT. I RECOMMEND IT. :)
5.0 : He is an amazing professor. He's done it all and he will inspire you to do it all also. He's very funny and provides good feedback if you ask (:
5.0 : He is one attractive 50 year old man, like really WOW. anyways enough about that... This class was fun and got me out of my comfort zone to try new things, also he is so kind and gives you opportunities to get extra credit. absolutely LOVE. HIM AND THE CLASS. TIP: take midterm, test, and class trips seriously. and turn in your work for an A!
4.0 : Justin is an awesome professor. You don't need a text book - just a little note packet that he has you purchase. His lectures can tend to drag a bit, but a majority of them are super interesting. There are two group projects that aren't too tough and he gives several extra credit opportunities. As long as you pay attention you'll be good!
4.0 : SUPER EASY AND FUN! There is always easy way to earn points if you show up to class! If you don't show up you may fall behind with his points but the class is so fun you'll want to go all the time!
4.0 : Excellent Instructor! Gives feedback to any work done! I would totally recommend!
5.0 : Justin is extremely nice and caring!! He wants his students to pass with an A. One paper, 2 quiz, 1 midterm and 1 final. His lectures can be a bit of a drag sometimes but other than that I would take his class for an easy GE requirement!!
4.0 : Cool guy and a fun class. Really isn't too hard to get an A or B here.
5.0 : Justin in really awesome. Lectures are cool, can be a little boring. No huge assignments. There is one paper you have to do about yourself. 2 quizzes, Midterm, and final. Two required field trips (i.e. beach trip, rock climbing, going to the mountains).  Talk to him if you have any problems in or outside of class.
5.0 : Extremely easy course, you have control of your grade at all time. Lots of extra credit offered, very passionate in his field of work, willing to help his students.
5.0 : Very passionate about the outdoors. Main goal is to introduce us to amazing, life changing outdoor activities and encourage us to make goals and take care of ourselves better. Very clear about how to get an A. Very understanding and will help in every way he can. You don't have to show up, but you really should. Tests revolve around lectures
4.5 : Justin is just amazingly inspirational. The material is very easy to remember since it is so interesting in my opinion. Just make sure to take solid notes and you'll pass the tests. Also, most of the credit is from recreational field trips so as long as you do the minimum (and more for extra credit even) you should have no problem with passing.
5.0 : Kozasa-Sensei is a very good instructor, she often stops her lectures to involve students, she ensures that her students have a good idea of what is going on. I would STRONGLY suggest you study at least 3 hours a week as the class is fast paced and can be overwhelming if you do not study the material before class.
3.0 : The class itself is fast paced. You learn one thing and immediately get quizzed and tested on it. However you actually learning how to speak Japanese so it's worth it if you want to learn the language. However the class is not easy and you gotta study and work for it if you want a really good grade, Sensei does not take shortcuts, so study hard!
3.0 : The class itself is fast paced. You learn one thing and immediately get quizzed and tested on it. However you actually learning how to speak Japanese so it's worth it if you want to learn the language. However the class is not easy and you gotta study and work for it if you want a really good grade. Buy txbk you will NEED it.
3.0 : It's clear she wants her students to learn Japanese, but she's unreasonably hard. I normally get A's in my classes, and I tried everything I could to get one, but I still got a B.  Students that frequently get C's will likely fail her class.  Her quizzes are too fast; you get a minute per slide to jot down an answer;  HW isn't worth enough points.
4.0 : She is soo kawaii!!, She kinda strict in a sense, but her classes are enjoyable, and hey!, your learning a language.  Expect homework and quizzes.  Kinda hard to get on her good side, but once you break through, she will kinda pick on you but in a good way.
5.0 : Kosaza sensei is a wonderful instructor. Like any other language class you're going to have to put work into it if you are really trying to learn the langauge. She's a tough grader because she wants you to understand the language correctly &amp; she also gives out extra credit if tou go to the lab hours. I would say shes the best teacher I've ever had.
5.0 : Kozasa sensei is overall a wonderful and funny instructor. She treats her students as Japanese students. With that said, she expects a lot from them because she really wants you to learn if have interest in this language. There are quizzes and hw each week, especially a lot of studying. It'll be worth it in the end if you do your work. Ganbatte! :)
3.0 : Took summer course. 10 quiz, 5 homework, 2 exam, 1 comprehensive final, and a mini lesson. If you do you work and understand what she is teaching you will be fine. do NOT need the book, japenese so has an accent but very sweet, nice lady.
5.0 : Amazing teacher! She's pretty funny and very nice! Has a lot of jokes. Be sure to go on class prepared. As long as you do your work and pay attention, you'll pass. Easy. A few oral speeches in Japanese but as long as you know it, you'll get a good grade. Very fun class.
5.0 : This is my third year studying with Kozasa Sensei. She definitely is a tough grader and fairly strict (After 1B). She will push you, BUT you will see results. Don't expect to be an easy breeze by type of class. If you are truly committed to learning japanese I would 10/10  Strongly reccomend. Oh BTW there is extra credit in form of lab hours.
3.5 : Kozasa is a very tough professor. She wants you to learn Japanese, and you can tell she is passionate. HOWEVER, this class is so hard. Do not take it if you need to fulfill GE, take it if you want to learn the language. Failed the class. You really have to study and practice. Test and quizzes are hard. Attendance mandatory. Harsh critic as well.
5.0 : My favorite college professor - no contest. Intelligent, interesting - made poetry make sense. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Great instructor! I learned so much taking courses with him.
5.0 : Mr. Schuler is the best for criminology 120. His test are easy as long you review the study guide that he gives every two weeks. Also go to class because he counts attendance for points. Also, do not take pictures of his notes that he puts on the projector or your class pays the consequences.
5.0 : One of the best and easiest professor at state. He is awesome. Two papers (min. 1000) each and he doesn't read it just checks that you have a good MLA format and citations are correct. Easy points and gives extra credit as well.
5.0 : Professor Schuler is super easy two papers. He gave me a 4850 for one and 5050 on another and I didn't even do the best job. The only thing that is a little tough are his tests. You have to attend class to get the class lectures. He says test questions a few days before the test. Make sure to audio record them he says not to but many people did.
5.0 : I loved Mr. Schuler, I am actually taking him again for Crim 120 next semester! He can be a little grumpy at times but he is extremely laid back and tells a lot of stories. Go to class, he takes attendance every day and no phones allowed! I didn't buy the book and passed with a B but if you can get your hands on a cheap copy it'd have been helpful.
2.0 : He gives an outline as his lecture so I'd go by that and study. he moves very fast and WILL NOT TELL YOU ANYTHING ABOUT THE TEST. He's doesn't answer your questions very well. He is very passionate about his lectures. He's also very strict and loud. Easy grader on the 2 essays.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever taken, he's very considerate. Would definitely take again!!!! Learned a lot by taking his class as well.
4.0 : Do not be intimidated by his toughness in the beginning.  He's a great guy with the old school charm.  2 papers and 2 exams, mostly based off of the lectures which means you should not miss class often.  The text is useful as a review for exams.  Easy grader on papers and exam is multiple choice.  Not a hard class if you take notes and review.
5.0 : He has great knowledge in the field, since he was a probation officer for many years. Attendance is mandatory; he has a sign-in sheet passed around every class. Takes notes while he lectures and copy everything off the overhead. A big bonus is he reads the questions off the mid-term and final and your able to jot down the questions. I recommend him
2.0 : 2EXAM  200PT, 2 ESSAY 100PT, ATTENDANCE  50PT, (MANDATORY ATTENDANCE), no cell phones allowed in his class or else kicked out of class, Difficult in a way.
5.0 : I actually learned a lot in this class . He always uses examples from his real life situations and well he's a great professor ! 2 essays 3 midterms. Great class ! Would definitely take more classes with professor Schuler.
3.5 : His exams are based on lectures and videos shown in class. Pretty easy, but you do have to study for the exams. He uses his life stories to help explain certain parts of lectures.
1.0 : For a "counselor" she's the total opposite of empathetic/sympathetic and nonjudgemental. I dreaded sessions. She constantly made things harder than they needed to be. She also forces vulnerability. One of the worst professors in the department. Take Professor Susan Anderson instead, she's amazing!
1.0 : She expects too much. Also expects you to share all your business, specifically painful experiences. Avoid.
5.0 : Excellent course for group counseling. Prof concluded the semester nicely with an activity.
5.0 : Such a wonderful professor. His class is straightforward and very well structured. I was four points away from an A, I went to talk to him and he have me 5 points extra credit. If you have any problems throughout the semester, feel free to talk to him, he is very understandable.
4.0 : Wonderful professor. I wasn't interested in economics prior to this class, but this class made it a lot easier to deal with. Do all discussions. Rack up those points. Some of the movies are interesting.
5.0 : One of the best classes i've taken at Fresno State. What you do is watch movies and analyze them, which is actually fun. Easy grader and will help you if needed. Passed with an A
5.0 : Loved her class. She wants al of her students to succeed. Have 1 paper to write and 3 easy tests. Easy class but you do need to study somewhat
5.0 : One of the most straight forward teachers you'll meet. She takes all of her test material from lectures, and lets you know whats important as she discusses. She's the kind of instructor who's class you try not to skip. Loved her!
5.0 : Dr. Price-Sharps is really kind and cares about her students. She has a lot of experience with the subject. She only has four assignments; 3 tests and an essay. She does not use blackboard so be sure to keep the syllabus and go to class as much as possible. She does not have study guides but the tests are not difficult as long as you go to class.
1.0 : You have to attend class because there is no book.  She doesn't ever teach her own class because each week she has a guest speaker that lectures for nearly 3 hours.  THAT IS WHAT THE TESTS ARE ON.  It is a rather boring class.  Go elsewhere if at all possible!
5.0 : Jana is the kind of professor you hope for in college. She's funny and wild, and she really makes sure you know the material. Tests are easy if you pay attention. She's really helpful and understanding of whatever comes up during the semester. Bottom line, I loved her.
3.0 : Dr. Price is extremely knowledgeable and inspired me to look into the clinical field. She talks about her job in a way that seems very passionate. If I was to need therapy I would love for it to come from her. . Her grading is not very clear on the essay though which frustrated me. Exams come from lecture but they're so easy they can be tricky.
5.0 : Jana is the best professor I have ever had. I recommend this class to anyone struggling with personal problems. It isn't just a class, it's practically light therapy. The tests are very easy if you go to class and pay attention. I have never looked forward to a 3 hour night class, but with her I could not wait. Amazing stories, phenomenal woman.
5.0 : Dr. Price-Sharps is an amazing professor. She doesn't have powerpoints so she only talks when giving her lectures. Make sure you take good notes but overall, her class is super easy! There is no way to not pass her class. He lectures are based on her experiences and stories which makes it much more easy to understand. Amazing professor!
3.5 : She is very passionate and loves what she does. Lots of people in the class respect her and enjoy her lectures. The class is super easy, she doesn't care if you go to class or not but you must go to lectures because her stories are on the tests. She is a super easy grader and the material is interesting as well. It's definitely worth taking!
4.0 : Awesome teacher, this was my third class I have taken from her. Her tests are entirely on lectures, but they are mostly just stories that stick in your mind, even if you don't study! I would just read through my notes a couple of times before the test and easily got an A. One of the best professors you can have, take her if you have the chance!
4.0 : Great professor, really enjoyed the class, her teaching style, sense of humor, and her stories. Assignments and tests not difficult and she grades easily and is clear about what she expects of us. Would re-take the class any day.
4.0 : I really loved Jana. She was a great professor and was very knowledgeable. I have a much better understanding on psychology. We didn't use the textbook much, but it is very helpful to always have if you plan on going into the psychology field. She's very funny, I highly recommend this class!
5.0 : She's hilarious! Also gives amazing advice as to how to help certain patients and even your own personal life. Learned a lot not only about family counseling but how to control my own emotions and cope with the rigor of being a counselor in her class. Had guest speakers that were awesome! Would definitely take her class again
5.0 : Great easy going class. Test question are from lecture. So important to go to class although not mandatory. Class work is also super easy 3-4 papers on theories from textbook, only time you really need the textbook. Some group activity in the last week weeks of class. I definitely could've done way better if I put more effort in.
5.0 : Dr. Price is extremely passionate about what she does. Defenetly need to go to class since her tests are based on her lectures. She speaks the whole time and does not give out study guides, so be ready to write. One APA paper that is graded based on grammar. Show up, take notes, study and do the paper you'll get a B. Actually study harder get an A.
5.0 : she is amazing as a professor &amp; as a human being! theres no way you can't pass any of her classes, easy A. she doesn't use powerpoints or blackboard, she does lecture all class &amp; uses lots of stories &amp; videos, exam are so straight forward, multiple choice with true &amp; false questions
5.0 : Absolutely AWESOME! One of the best profs. I've ever had. Her class is very interesting and fun to be in. She lectures and uses examples to help you learn the curriculum. She is very sweet and understanding. She is very good at what she does, and knows what she is talking about. Class is not too difficult if you pay attention. I love this class.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've had in my college career by far! Her lectures are based on stories she tells and she's super interesting and funny. Tests are easy if you pay attention to lecture. A few outlines are due. Class is super easy and you learn a lot!
4.0 : Dr. Jana Price-Sharps is an amazing instructor. Her lectures are fun, and easy to understand. You do need to show up to class everyday because her tests are based on her lectures and movies that you have to watch in class. Easy class if you go every day. Only 4 easy papers and 3 exams.
3.5 : I took her family concealing class and dr. price-sharps is very lenient, she prefers you to show up to class late then not at all. I advise go to every single class lecture because the test is only off of her lectures, so if you go to class and take notes this class is an EASY A+.  Don't buy the book b/c it was never used once this semester.
5.0 : I tagged her for three things she's good at, but I NEED TO EXPLAIN MORE HAHA.  I wished this class was two semester. You'll learn a lot from her! Go to class, her syllabus doesn't go with the class schedule, but trust me you'll want to attend class, because her class issssssssss AMAZING. very big curve on tests. we she lecture is on the test. gl.
4.5 : Go to class and listen to her. Take notes on what she talks about. Her lectures are interesting and sometimes we get to watch movies. 3 Tests and 1 Scientific Paper 1000W. Questions on Exams are from lectures. Don't need to buy books. She is also a really nice person. Coming into her CRIM 153 I didn't think I'd pass but I actually got an A.
5.0 : Jana is amazing!!! Her lectures are based off of prior experience. Does not use powerpoint. Her stories are always so interesting. She is so motivating and makes you think about real life situations. She doesnt have any major assignments. Three exams (which are straightforward as long as you attend class). I would definitely take her again.
5.0 : Her lectures are interesting and entertaining. The tests are based off the lectures. Take notes or record lectures and you will do great and enjoy the class
4.0 : You will be required to do A LOT of readings, and you will be required to participate in class discussions. Attendance is very mandatory and you will lose points once you stop coming to class. Be ready to read. Will call you out in class and embarass you if you don't do the readings. Not a hard class to pass, but be ready to work hard every class.
5.0 : She's very passionate about the material and lectures are great because she always allows discussion. There is a lot of reading but it's open source, no textbook. Just always do the reading, study before tests, and do extra credit, and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Read &amp; take good notes. Her tests are not really hard I found them to be common sense but a lot of stuff came from lecture and readings. Takes attendance, lecture is not bad though. Group project is not bad either, it may seem hard reading over the directions but it is not bad at all. Passed with a B and I honestly did not try that hard, Loved her
4.0 : It was a really fun class but the hardest part was the group project. She put the class into large groups and the main problem was the other students who wanted to do it their way or no way. Had a conflict with another student and Kensinger was quick to become the mediator and help us work it out.
5.0 : Dr. Kensinger is an amazing professor! She is very clear on what is going to be on the quizzes and tests. She offers extra credit opportunists and is always willing to help her students.  There is no text book the readings are online.
3.5 : I was a little overwhelmed with the amount of readings required, but the more I read, the more I fell in love with this class! Loretta is an amazing and passionate instructor. She is the reason I declared a minor in Women's Studies. She's willing to help you in any way possible. I would highly recommend her and go into her class with an open mind!
3.5 : Not a very hard class if you understand Sociology. For my class you did not have to take the final and instead you could use your midterm grade! So do good on the midterm just in case! one very long group project. No textbook required, you read packets off the internet. She's an amazing teacher who is willing to help students.
2.5 : I do not recommend you guy taking her because too much reading, which it is difficult. Talk so much in class, which it become boring because you don't know what she is talking about. A LOT LOT LOT of requirement such as group project, reading, and etc. She act like this is your only COLLEGE CLASS!!! Don't take her!!!!!!
4.0 : No books to buy, just multiple articles a week to read on Blackboard. She wants you to participate in discussions, nothing is off limits. As long as you read, fill out the study guides, &amp; pay attention to her lectures, you will pass her quizzes &amp; tests. She uses examples from lecture in tests &amp; she will go over the answers the following week.
5.0 : The most fun I have had in a class at University. The topics are current and engaging. No book, but you will have to read A LOT. One group project that can be stressful but is thoroughly fun. Clearly passionate about the topic. Class inspired me to minor in women studies.
5.0 : For someone without an interest in women studies, she did a great job at making the class interesting and easy. The key to her course is going to class, and listening to her. She gives a lot of information during class that directly covers the required readings, and will show up on all exams.
4.0 : Lots of reading but overall she's a great professor. Other than the reading there isn't a whole lot of outside work, 1 group project, 1 real paper and a few little things that's it. Her tests are extremely straight forward if you just go to class and pay attention.
5.0 : Absolutely amazing. I was actually excited to come to class
4.0 : Part of your grade is based on attendance, but she is understanding and isn't too tough about it. DO YOUR READING. The desks in class are arranged in a circle, so be prepared to come to class and actually discuss what you read. There are some good films and a pretty easy group project at the end of the semester. Overall a good class where you learn
5.0 : Best instructor I had this semester! There is A LOT of reading, but the articles are interesting and if you keep up you should be fine. Extra credit opportunities through out the semester. Be ready to participate in class. Tests and quizzes are easy if you read the articles and attend class. Overall, very interesting class.
4.5 : You will need to do the class readings and attend class regularly. Be prepared to work in groups on a project that is worth a lot to your grade. Her class was inspirational and I learned a lot. It was not that hard if you attend class regularly. She uses open source material so no text book to buy. I enjoyed her class.
5.0 : Not only is Dr. Muscat an awesome teacher, but she is the department chair for the Criminology department. I couldn't imagine another person being the chair. She is personable, and communicative. If you have an issue with anything Criminology course related, she will help. She is the most professional teacheradmin I have met in my life. Pretty too
5.0 : Dr. Weston is that rare combination of an amazing scholar and a hilarious lecturer. This graduate seminar was one of the best classes I took at Fresno State.
5.0 : Great teacher who has a real passion for the subject she teaches. The subject matter was dense but you work together as a class and with the teacher to pick it apart till you have a decent grasp of it. This teacher brings humor as well as vast information to the class. Would take again.
5.0 : Dr. Weston is hilarious! She makes boring, dense material easy to follow in lecture, and she is willing to give feedback on almost anything. Extra credit quizzes are given every day, which really add up. Tests are tough--close reading IDs and long passage IDs. She's a great teacher and really wants her students to succeed. Take her if you can!
5.0 : She actually isn't a very hard teacher, but I'm still probably going to fail because this has been a bad semester for me. She offered to meet me halfway several times, but I couldn't even do that much. Even if I fail, she's still one of the better teachers I've had, and she's hilarious. Tests are very hard but grades are weighted in your favor.
5.0 : I have taken Professor Henson twice now and thoroughly enjoyed both classes. She is a passionate, smart, devoted, and witty human. She does require a lot of reading and several papers, but she is available for guidance. A  true English Professor for true English majors.
5.0 : I really enjoyed taking multiple classes with Dr. Henson. She has a tremendous amount of passion for what she does, and she can get you to see different angles and levels of the literature. She challenges you to think. Most of her reading selections on the syllabus are interesting and unforgettably telling about the human condition and experience.
5.0 : This class has tons of reading. Along with the readings you have to make sure you do the reading responses for the readings. There are four short papers and one longer paper. Be sure to keep up with all the readings! She is such a funny person.
4.5 : minimal effort required to pass HOWEVER you must come to class and she uses the entire period to talk about the reading assignments and it is agonizing. if you enjoy talking in class, you will be fine. if not, you can still do fine, but you will be miserable the whole time.
5.0 : I have taken as many classes as I possibly can with Dr. Henson. She is hilarious and one of the best professors on campus. Everything is clear and yes there is a lot of reading, but it is not too overwhelming.
5.0 : she is awesome. she is the most fascinating person I've ever met. If you take her couse, you could feel a powerful passion she has.
5.0 : Lots of interesting works to read, and all you have to do is read them to pass. Most of your grade is based on writing, and she's very open to any ideas about the readings so long as you present them well. If you want to get anything out of this class it's up to you to read the works, and be engaged during the lectures.
5.0 : Dr. Henson is a national treasure. It's so refreshing to find a professor who genuinely wants to help students. Take advantage of submitting a rough draft, she gives you detailed responses to it and if you apply her suggestions you're pretty much guaranteed an A or B. Keep up with readings and participate in class discussion!
5.0 : Henson is very likeable! She always encourages students to want to contribute without picking them out, you just tend to want to join into the discussion as she makes it fun. Her laugh is hilarious. She is helpful and kind and is always interested in what students have to say. Relaxed environment, approachable teacher.
5.0 : Dr. Henson is hilarious, incredibly helpful, and very clear on what she expects. She allows rough draft submissions until a certain date, which makes it hard to get anything less than an A on a test. Midterm/final are two long essays. She values all opinions and makes difficult material easy to follow. Take her if you can! One of the best at CSUF.
5.0 : It's a super easy A, there's 12 quizzes on the book, top 10 are graded. Test questions come from book and lecture. He gives bonus points for attendance on random days. He loves talking and likes to get to know students so he can joke around with them.  Loved his class!!!
4.5 : Great professor! Puts material in perspective of a student. Study names of people in power points. Rest of the class is easy quizzes and learning communities.
3.0 : Super easy class regardless of who is teaching it. a lot of fun. You'll find out if you are suited for teaching.
5.0 : So basically, Hamel is one of the most passionate professors in the kinesiology department. I say that with the most respect. I really enjoy his classes and everything he does. As far as this class, it is very easy. I just didnt enjoy going out to school sites. I felt this was very unnecessary. But hey, he does it all for you. Great class!!!!
4.0 : Hamel is a great guy and a great professor. There are 12 quizzes total but will only count 10. Loves to joke around with his students and he's willing to help you out in any way he can. I highly recommend him.
5.0 : Prof. Hamel is awesome! He is on top of his work. He updates grades regularly, responds to emails &amp; is helpful. By far my favorite prof. this year. He is really into in the material and makes it interesting. 4 exams, 12 quizzes but counts 10 and offers e.c. I highly recommend him not because of grade wise, BUT BECAUSE YOU LEARN!
4.0 : I found the class to be very easy,  attendance matters because you need to be there to get the worksheets and be able to do it. I did find that I had to learn the exam material on my own. He doesn't lecture  on the material needed for it,  he has the class watch videos that don't relate to exam matrial.
5.0 : This class was one of my favorites. Really cool down to earth guy. Attendance is a must if you want to pass. Show up and listen you will pass. If you want an A you will need to read the textbook to get a better understanding of some concepts he goes over in class.
4.5 : Fun class. Read the book!! Go to class!!
4.0 : Great teacher! His class is very easy and he is entertaining to listen to. He is very personable and will go out of his way to help you. Definitely recommend taking this professor.
4.0 : Really enjoyed the class and the professor. Gives good advise and is very clear and funny. Highly motivated and very into his job. Test can be confusing but most of it is straight forward. Need to read the textbook. Gives quizzes, test, group projects (mostly done in class), and some extra credit. I recommend Hamel
4.0 : Very enthusiastic, passionate teacher. Has fun teaching and it shows. Briefly lectures, trails off subject frequently. Very approachable though, and answers emails back promptly. You have to put the time in to studying though because he doesn't do that well of a job clearly teaching the material, but it seems like he tries.
4.0 : Very funny guy, nice and relatable. The textbook is mandatory, because the lectures are more focused on the context of the material. Attendance is absolutely mandatory, as all of the points come from in-class work.
5.0 : He is an overall great teacher. If taking kines 33 then you need the textbook and attendance does matter. You have weekly quizzes and learning communities. He has powerpoints but doesn't really uses them in class. they are available on blackboard when he posts them.
3.0 : This was an okay class I got a C easy quizzes but the test you really how to study for if you get at least 25 -30 out of 50 on each test and you pass all quizzes plus the LC attendance you'll pass with an C and get all the wxtra credit
4.0 : Easy quiz every week. Provides study guide and only two exams (multiple choice). One term paper. Overall easy class.
5.0 : Easiest (W) class.  Just take the weekly  tests and do the assignments and you will pass.  Term paper is only 2,000 words.  Learned a lot of new stuff I did not know.  Stuff that I could use in the "real" world if I were to find a desk job.
4.0 : There are quite a few papers to write but this is a 5 unit class with a lab. Must attend labs and class because you are docked points if you don't show up.  Vey interesting class and labs were great.
4.0 : Pretty good professor. Class had the potential to be hard but Price made it a breeze. Gives out a couple extra credit opportunities. Tests were average, you worked in groups which made time go by fast. You also have a lab where you take weekly quizzes and you write your paper in there. Overall pretty good instructor!
5.0 : Amazing professor, he is very straightforward and funny! I would take this class again with him.
5.0 : Although this course is meant to be very difficult, Dr. Price makes the material very easy to understand. The research paper is also broken up into mini papers which helps manage your time. Dr. Price is also very knowledgeable and a hilarious professor. Highly recommend!
4.5 : Dr. Price was such a great professor! He definitely made this complex course easy and fun. He is very helpful and always willing to help. Would without a doubt take again if I could!
5.0 : Great teacher!! Super nice and caring. He really helps you if you need a better understanding. Easy class if you pay attention. With the lab he makes it easy for the TA's to explain exactly what you need to do. Class is easy if you pay attention and show up. Also, you don't have to pay for your book, it's free. I'd take him again.
5.0 : Professor Price is a really nice guy! He's extremely helpful and makes this class extremely easy. No way for you to fail this class. Best psych professor on campus. You must take Price for psych 144 you will not regret it.
5.0 : Group assignments every week (easy, relates to lecture during first hour). Easily accessible, loves to work with students. Has lots of research experience, and loves particular ideas of research. It's dull material, but the group assignments make it easier/fun. Answers questions, even if nobody has any. Gives examples of all sorts of varieties.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever had! Dr. Price is amazing. He really cares about his students and makes all of the material easy to learn. Weekly quizzes in lab, but he tells you what their one before. Group work, 3 tests and a final, and a research paper and poster. It takes effort but it's easy to get an A if you show up and take decent notes.
5.0 : Professor Price is seriously one of the best professors I've had. He is super nice and honestly cares if you understand the material. All the exams aren't that difficult and are multiple choice. This class was a lot easier than I thought it would be, highly recommend.
5.0 : Dr. Price is an amazing teacher and very easy to follow. He is very straight forward. His test were 50 multiple choice questions every time, pretty simple if you read the readings and pay attention to lecture. I was expecting to struggle in this class and would be happy if i even received a c, but he made it super easy. Definitely would take again
5.0 : Price is one of the best professors I've had! Grades very quickly and always gives feedback. He cares for his students, and provides study guides for each exams!
5.0 : He is a great professor! The class requires a lot of work but it is not really hard. Research paper broken up into parts which makes it a lot easier to write. Take 144 with him you won't regret it. Offers a lot of extra credit too. You can get all Bs in exams and A in the class.
5.0 : I am so glad I was able to take Dr. Price. Research may have abstract concepts, but Dr. Price does it with ease. He gives great feedback to questions and you can tell he cares that students do well. Tests can be tricky at time; although, study &amp; ask questions, and you should do well. Overall he's a nice guy and solid professor.
5.0 : Lectures are enjoyable so far &amp; a lot more easier to understand that I had expected. Price is more than happy to answer any questions you have before, during, or after lecture. Study the activities from lecture to study for exams. The exams are tricky at times, but doable if you study. The paper is done in sections luckily, which is less stressful.
4.5 : I love professor Price! I was so scared to take this course because I do not do well when it comes to Stats.  Dr. Price was helpful and his office was always open. His lectures were structured and he's pretty funny. Makes sure you understand the material. I would have loved it if he taught more Psych classes. Wish more professors were like him.
5.0 : Price is a great teacher who is impressively straightforward for a challenging class. The textbook is free online, and he wrote it, so the lectures go well with the reading. Be aware of the calendar so that assignments don't add up. Overall an amazing professor.
5.0 : He's such a great professor. I thought that I was going to have a difficult time in this class and he made it way easier than I would have imagined. He helped me out immensely in any topic I didn't understand.  He's pretty funny too! Definitely recommend taking him!!!
5.0 : Dr. Price is REALLY nice and kind of laid back. He's willing to help you in whatever you need. The tests are easy, lab is okay, research project isn't too bad since its divided throughout the semester. If you're told this class is hard in reality its not cause Price really makes it feel like a regular 3 unit class instead of a 5 unit. TAKE HIM!
4.5 : If you have to take Psych 144 THIS IS THE PROFESSOR TO TAKE! Put the work in and get the "A". He is very clear on dates and assignments. Paper is broken up into sections, this helps a lot! Book is online, mini online quizzes on reading, short quizzes in lab, 3 exams and 1 final. Generous extra credit! Loved him! He is a great professor!
5.0 : If you can, I recommend taking Dr. Price.  This is not an easy class, but he made it less difficult. I had trouble with Psych 42, but after taking his class I understand statistics more now.  Like some teacher, he's never in a bad mood. And he's more than willing to help if you're having difficulties in the class.  Overall, he is a great professor.
5.0 : Dr. Price is great! His lectures are interactive so class goes by fast. His test are everything you would expect to be on there. I very much suggest you (if you want to do well) to read the chapters and complete the quizzes the same week that they are due and have your TA or Dr. Price read over your research project.
5.0 : Professor Mikow is such a nice woman. She is very caring, extends due dates like crazy! Will accept work whenever it is due. Had a take home exam, and a google search exam in class. She is very easy and not a tough grader at all. She is very passionate about the lives of children and who will be within their lives.
5.0 : Professor Mikow is one of the best teachers you could ever have at Fresno State. She's extremely understanding and very attentive to students and genuinely wants to learn about them. I love the fact that she does not base class time around powerpoint lectures! Easy class and really taught me about family structures and life! A must take!
5.0 : Professor Mikow seriously has the heart of gold. She doesn't believe in the philosophy of teaching through lectures and instead she tells us stories and we watch videos. This actually has been very beneficial and helps me retain information better. She is super approachable and really cares for her students. Super easy class and you learn as well!
5.0 : Professor Mikow was the sweetest professor. She is so passionate in her teaching and really cares about her class. Her classroom was really easy and she accepts all late work for full credit !
5.0 : Mrs. Mikow is an amazing an amazing professor! I would definitely take another Child Deveopment course with her. There is 5 chapter reviews, 5 article critiques (1 page each), 3 tests, 1 presentation (based on your experiences), and a final.
5.0 : She is very caring and passionate about child development. You can complete all the required assignments early there are no deadlines. There was one presentation and 4 tests including the final. She does everything possible to make sure you understand the material and teaches the class through experience not all from a textbook.
5.0 : Mikow is an AMAZING professor. As long as you do the work you will get credit, only thing you have to study for are 3(?) tests, but they aren't too difficult. She genuinely cares about her students and you can be completely open with her. 1 presentation or 7 page paper, 5 critiques, 3 tests, and one self reflection. Easiest class ever! Take her!!!!
5.0 : Professor Mikow is great and has amazing stories. She's not a tough grader. Three exams, a few papers, and one presentation (easy presentation!). She truly cares about her students and the knowledge they take from the course. Take this class! She is one of the best professors I've ever encountered.
5.0 : She is by far  the best professor every. Such a kind soul and want her students to succeed! I would be glad to take her again
5.0 : She is amazing and understanding. Class was fun and interesting love her!
5.0 : super easy but also fun and interesting.
5.0 : Mikow is the best professor hands down! She is very sweet, caring, and all of the above. Class is always fun because she will bring in stuff for her students to do hands onwork. Her assignments are easy and she always accepts late work. She grades easy and wants all of her students to pass. If i could, i would take her for every course! TAKE HER :)
5.0 : She is a great professor.  Only one 3-5 page writing if you don't want to present. but it's really easy. Test are take home , multiple choice and write in but it's just basically your opinion so you are more likely to get A's . Final is easy and she tells the answer before you take it which makes it easier for you to pass.
5.0 : One of the most LOVING, caring, helpful professors in CSU Fresno. Yes the class is not hard, but you will LEARN so much. She is passionate about children, has amazing stories, has an incredible family, great speakers who come in, so much knowledge to share and she makes you feel loved.  You will be amazed with all she she has to say.
5.0 : Professor Mikow is an amazing women. She is a loving person who loves when people loves kids. She will help you if you're having difficulties because she doesn't want to see anyone who is trying, fail. If uhh ok need any of the classes she teaches take her.
5.0 : Most kindhearted professor I've ever had. Always wants us to be stress-free makes us feel comfortable and often brings snacks to class. Has so much knowledge on the subject and shows her passion through her teaching. Was ill this semester and told us she'd rather be with our class than in a hospital bed. I can't emphasize how amazing she is.
5.0 : Marilyn is an amazing person.  She has helped me both professionally and personally.  She is an amazing woman who truly cares about all of her students.  There are only a couple tests and minor assignments.  She will not let class out early but her lectures are very interesting.  She provides examples from her own life.
5.0 : nicest professor ever. clear instructions on what is due, and she understands so you can always go to her if you need clarity or more time. one easy presentation to the class. tests super easy, dont really need the book, just show up and you will know whats on the test. some tests/quizzes are take home. overall VERY easy to pass the class with an A
4.0 : Tests are based on lectures. He gives a study guide of terms to know; one 3-4 page article summary on psych topic of choice; lectures will give you a clearer understanding of concepts and applications. He also throws in some humor here and there to keep people awake. Extra credit for attendance and a movie analysis. Overall an easy &amp; enjoyable.
5.0 : Great teacher. Makes it easy to understand the materials. Kinda quirky at times and makes jokes which help liven up the class. Speaks sort of monotone, but I think it comes from years of having to keep a poker face with clients. Very interesting class.. By the end of class, you will be able to diagnose everyone with whom you come into contact!
5.0 : He is an amazing professor! very clear,helpful,just overall the best!!
5.0 : He is fun &amp; has interesting lectures. He does offer extra credit. 4 exams( not too hard) but do study &amp; read. Vignette's are fairly easy if you listen to his lectures. Watch a movie during semester. Attending his class is important cause he will give some exam questions.
4.5 : He's a great instructor. He has lots of experience in the field of Psychology so he is very knowledgable. His lectures are pretty straight forward. I tried to write down everything he said because he teaches what is relevant and will be on tests. He skips over parts of the book that he doesn't think we need to know, which I appreciate!
4.5 : Stratford is hilarious. Lecture is worth going to!!! Make sure you at least skim the book if you're not certain about some topics. Gives you a list of vocab words for study guide. Just go through it and you'll be fine for the test. Not an easy A, but very doable. Oh and study in a group! It really helps!
4.0 : Stratford is a great professor. If you take good notes and do the 10 vignettes you are almost guaranteed an A. The vignettes are not hard and he gives you at least a week for each one. There is one paper and it is straightforward and simple. He is funny and I would recommend him to anyone!
4.0 : Great teacher! He is a bit distracted during lecture. Reading is a good idea if you want an A. Tests have specific questions about people, so be sure to write the names down And what thier theories were.
5.0 : very INSPERATIONAL. Exteremely funny. Clear speaker. Case studies. study hard.
5.0 : I really enjoyed taking Stratford. I felt like the concepts were very useful outside of class and it helped me understand my own family better! Show up for class and take GOOD notes. I used the book off and on throughout the semester for the vignettes and the study guides. Put in effort, study, and you will do great!
3.5 : Professor Statford led a very enjoyable class. The material was definitely easy to understand and he explained it very clearly, the book is not really needed, you should be fine just on lecture notes. He often references money which makes me feel like that is his main purpose for pursuing therapy, but he knows his stuff. Would definitely take again
4.5 : Cool guy, kind of unorganized but not in an annoying sort of way. He's very understanding and easy to talk to. His lectures are fun. I would take him again, couple of vignettes in the semester but they are ridiculously easy. If you don't get a good grade it's because you didn't put in any effort.
5.0 : Mr. Stratford is definitely one of the few teachers I would love to take again, the only reason I'm not pursuing other courses with him is he focuses on a topic I'm not interested in: Family counseling/Marriage Therapy. He is hilarious, very "down to earth" and connects with his students on a very unreal level. It's like looking at a student prof.
4.0 : I took Psych 66 with Stratford last semester and I knew I wanted to take his Psych 175 class as well. His lectures are really interesting because he has a lot of experience in the field. You have to make sure to complete every assignment because there are so few of them. He does however give two extra credit assignments.
4.0 : Prof. Stratford was a great professor. He lectured well, was prepared for class, made sufficient notes on the board to highlight his key points. Followed the syllabus. Offered one or two things for extra credit. Funny, and makes abnormal psych relatable. Definitely recommend. One 2,000 word research paper. 4 exams. Multiple vignettes.
5.0 : Awesome teacher! Very clear in lecture &amp; relates material to outside events. Not much hw but should read the book for exams.
4.5 : He's super cute! When someone's phone comes on, instead of giving that student the stare, he dances to the music! Take him if you can!
5.0 : Extremely helpful and a fun class. You do need the text book to study. He is an easy grader in writing assignments. His test are challenging if you dont study. His study guides are lengthy but if you study whats on it and go to class you will do great in this class.
5.0 : He is a great professor. He gives you up to five chances to be absent from his class and get participation points. He's really nice and SUPER understanding. :)
5.0 : Great Professor!  His lectures are never boring and are always very interesting!  He is very helpful and is lenient.  Very few assignments that were all easy.  Exams are easy.  They are directly from his lectures.  If you attend class you will pass for sure and there is no book required.  He also has a great sense of humor!
5.0 : By far one of my favorite professors. Class was never boring since he made the material fun by encouraging participation and adding humor. He doesnt lecture on Power Points so you do need to be in class to get good notes to study for the exam. No group presentations, just one paper and a few case study "vignettes." Not a hard class, just show up.
4.5 : Great Professor. Easy A class if you study+textbook, but if you just go to lecture everyday without textbook it'd be a A/B depending the notes you take. Interesting. 4 tests in total 1 paper. Easy to talk to and his lectures are super easy to understand. 8-10 small vignettes/situations using the information you learned in class. Easy.
4.5 : Easy Class. I didnt buy the textbook. Lecture is mandatory and you can use/buy any edition online for super cheap price compared to the bookstore. 1 paper summary of an article, pretty easy if you dont mind writing. A few vignettes cases everything learned from lecture. Tests are easy, he covers it in lecture.
4.0 : Stratford is simply wonderful! He's very approachable and easy to understand when he lectures. There are only three exams and a final, some extra credit opportunities, and some reading. He gives out study guides and doesn't call you out if you're late.
5.0 : Just wanted to take the time to say this is a great professor. Actually teaches in lectures and gives you pretty much all the info you need for the test, so i would attend class and take good notes. Pretty funny too.
5.0 : Best teacher I have had at Fresno state. I took two classes of him and only wish more classes were taught by him. Very nice and understanding.
5.0 : I really like this professor. He was just good at teaching your the material and give lots of life examples. Tests are basic on lectures so go to class and you'll pass.
4.0 : Interesting lectures! The professor was hilarious. The exams were not hard, although I doubted myself many times on the exams. Be in class to take good notes. It is not hard to get an A. Do the vignettes and do good on the exams. Also, he will give some extra credit so take the advantage. He also let us out early most of the times which I loved.
4.5 : He is a great professor! you can ask him a million questions and he never gets tired of it or at least never acts like it. he is always willing to help. the tests are really easy if you study. study his notes and go over the book on whatever you talked about in class and you should pass! i would definitely take him again!
5.0 : He is one of the best professors I have ever had. He is very hilarious, so class goes by super quick. (Unfortunately!) Whatever he lectures about will be on the tests, so you'll be left surprised-- you know what to expect. Only bad thing is that it's sometimes hard to listen to him, so sit towards the front or tell the person next to you to shush!
5.0 : Really interesting class and Dr. J is cool.
4.5 : Dr. J is a tough grader, especially on English and grammar.  There's a lot of reading, quizzes (15), 5 precis papers, &amp; 2 other project papers. He's extremely helpful and understanding, but he assigns a ton of work.  Ability to think critically is essential. Material relevant to the times. Great lectures, entertaining! Highly recommend this class.
5.0 : Soc 111 is an awesome experience!  Dr. J challenges and intrigues.  Students leave accomplished, with writing skills that last.  As students learn about Race and Ethnicity, a deep appreciation for all human beings is gained.  Dr. J is on fire as a professor and very much deserves the chili pepper!  Take SOC 111 with Dr. J!
5.0 : The best professor on Fresno State campus ever! There is so many extra credit attempts. I almost changed my major because of his teachings lol
1.5 : I'm not really sure why this professor has good reviews, and i'm really confused about the chili pepper. he expects you to read ALOT. not just the materials assigned, but every last word of every single email he sends out. and don't expect anything to be clear. you have to search through his numerous posts on blackboard to find anything
5.0 : Dr. J is amazing! I really enjoyed his class and how passionate &amp; knowledgeable he is. This class does require A LOT of work, especially for a 3 unit course. (5) 2 page precis, 1 co-curricular project, family background research project w/5 page paper and genome chart, weekly readings(anywhere from 50-150 pgs) and quizzes, and online DB postings.
5.0 : This man goes out of his way to connect with you. All his assignments have meaning and they help you become inspired to attend class. They are all easy, do able and there are many extra credit opportunities. Out of 3 years of college, this by far my favorite class.
2.5 : He is a cool teacher, nice personality BUT he likes to talk about himself (BRAG) also he grades hard, he treats the class like a writing course. the class is not hard, you can pass if you attend class and do the work (RIGHT) lastly and final essay is poorly put together, which makes it hard to write.
5.0 : Jendian is a great professor, but you should expect lots of reading, including reading checks to ensure you've read/comprehend the material. He assigns quite a few Précis (2 pg) but only 1 big paper (which is short). Grading rubrics are available for all assignments, they're very clear and fair. His lectures keep you interested. Would take again!
5.0 : There is a lot of work to be done during the semester, not difficult but is time consuming.  Dr. Jendian is very passionate and is one of the best professors on campus.  Very reasonable and treats classes like seminars instead of boring lectures.
3.0 : When taking him be prepared to stay in all class period. I had him for a night class and he's a really good professor, but kept us in till 10 p.m. even if the lecture was over an hour earlier. Don't expect him to cancel class either. He is good just overwhelming when you're tired and he keeps you in the WHOLE time.
5.0 : This class is amazing, will open up your eyes and mind to a new world.
5.0 : He is the best! Get ready to have your life change!
5.0 : Dr. J is very passionate about teaching and wanting his students to succeed. He has a different approach to classroom seating and class participation that allows for students to be more engaged in class. There was a lot of writing in the course, but I think it made me a better writer. So be prepared to write a lot if you aren't used to it.
5.0 : Probably the most intriguing class Ive had at UCM. He gives alot of work and reading assignments but thats because there are no REAL tests except for final at the end (easy) . Plus if you do the work and read then the quizzes (5 questions) every week are simple. Learned alot from him and left me wanting to learn more. I enrolled in another class
4.0 : Dr. Jendian is a great teacher and amazing administrator/counselor. I stumbled across him from a friend who told him needed a decent schedule.  He added me to his class and got me into 3 more when it was the 2nd week of school! I now go to him for all of my counseling needs.  Reading is heavy, but if you came to school to learn it shouldn't be a p
5.0 : Dr. Jendian is a great professor. If you in not wanting to read or think critically then I'm not sure what you are trying to get from a Sociology class. He is passionate about what he teaches. He is also an amazing counselor. Will take again next semester.
5.0 : Great professor! I would take another class with him.
4.0 : He's a pretty good teacher, overall. You just need to go to class and listen to his lectures. He's passionate about every topic. I've taken two of his classes at UC Merced and they've been great. He has the same basic structure of teaching each class so if you like it you can keep taking his classes and you are sure to pass!
5.0 : Dr. Jendian is a great professor, I've learned so much in this class. There is a lot of work outside of class but if you stay on top of it, you'll be fine. He was very passionate about his field of study so he was open to hear everyones' opinions about situations/events. Make sure you read the material in the book, it will totally help on quizzes!
5.0 : Dr. J has been probably one of the most genuine and passionate instructors I've had. His lectures are engaging and held my attention all semester. There is a lot of reading and 5 2 page papers that you can do at your own pace but don't let them pile up on you. As long as you show up, participate and do the work you'll pass.
2.5 : Okay professor.  If you have a business idea or are passionate about business you will be inspired each class. He isn't helpful when it comes to questions regarding assignments, though most are self explanatory. Go to class because his syllabus is way off, you won't have a clue about what's going on. You're stuck with him for 81, make it work.
5.0 : Stearns is GREAT. Entr 81 was a very informational class; lots of work but so rewarding. I ended up taking EMP after and honestly wouldnt have if it wasnt for 81. He loves to see his students serious, so if you participate, you are sure to get an A. Oh and theres a few guest speakers, so you have access to business leaders around the Fresno area.
3.0 : Dr. Stearns is they type of person who encourages students to go out &amp; explore the possibilities of what entrepreneurship has to offer - to be more engaged. His lectures are straightforward off of PowerPoint. There are individual &amp; group projects, weekly assessments &amp; in class activities, &amp; workshops to attend. And, there's guest speakers too!
4.0 : Stearns is a cool guy, very dry humor which I liked. Class is an easy A if you just do the work. He doesn't grade hard as long as you put in some kind of effort. Topic is presented oddly though, you'll either wanna change the world or never even think about owning a business when you're done. Very "traditional" entrepreneurship viewpoint.
4.0 : Fresno State's Entrepreneurship classes are the most inspirational ones I've ever taken and it was Mr. Stearn's 101 class that made me realize that this is what I wanted to do with my life.  I'm one to want to skip class but I couldn't get myself to miss a single one of his lectures because I valued them so much.
3.5 : Easy class, only one final exam. Get ready to work with group and assignments.
5.0 : This is the easiest class iv'e taken. If you don't care about your grade, he doesn't either. He's a cool teacher. I would take this class again. Show up to class and be ready to ask questions. He likes when students ask questions.
4.0 : I wasn't real entrepreneur so it wasn't for me if you're jut go for it. For an entrepreneur, he is a sea of knowledge.
5.0 : Nicole was a fantastic professor. Her class was informational and relaxing. I learned techniques for easing my anxiety. Furthermore, Nicole was incredibly kind when I came to class distraught because my dog had passed away. Highly recommend this class !
5.0 : Excellent class and extremely nice and helpful instructor. Loved it,would re-take it, and would recommend to anyone anytime.
3.0 : Pretty easy A if you just show up. Sometimes people would fall asleep in class though because it was so long. The first half of the class you are doing yoga stretches, the second half you are meditating (laying down in the dark with music on, wouldn't you fall asleep too?) lol
5.0 : She is a great yoga teacher. We meditated one day, and then stretched the other day. It's a great balance to have, and she goes through the movements with you. You can miss up to 7 classes (for 50 minute classes) so thats why I say attendance is "not mandatory" since that's quite a few classes to miss. Great stress reliever! Easy 1 unit class!
3.0 : Kind of seems like she hates everyone
5.0 : This class was great! There are 3 written assignments (very simple) and a self evaluation final. You are required to buy to masters of yoga CD set for the class. If you are enrolled in a 50 min class that meets twice a week you are allowed to miss 7 class sessions without being penalized.  One day you stretch and the other you meditate.
4.0 : Excellent class, excellent professor!!! Can't leave Fresno State without taking this relaxing yoga class.
5.0 : Easy A show up her final is easy. Her class is mainly to relax and be stress free also help to become flexible
5.0 : She has a few papers she makes you do there easy. In class she teaches different poses and things to help you. If you need help just ask or you don't know something ask her she's really understandable
5.0 : Recommend this professor Shess the best
5.0 : He's a great innovative teacher who cares about the students' well-being. I took a tablet course with him and he found a way to incorporate different apps into the lesson plan. There's not a lot of lecturing, rather group discussions during class. Participation is necessary to pass the class, but he is lenient if you need to miss occasionally.
5.0 : I personally loved the assigned readings and his lecture style. Get ready for lots of unusual in-class group activities, which I think are intended for you to use various artistic disciplines to help examine details of the texts, and it's effective, but you MUST participate. Your entire grade is participation and two papers, so work hard.
4.5 : Beynon is Amazing! You get out of this course what you put into it. He is helpful and willing to work with you, so just TALK to him if worse comes to worse. Daily participation points is the only draw back for this course.
5.0 : Professor Beynon is incredibly open-minded, inspirational and can somehow make even the most irrelevant responses from students relevant with the class discussion. Overall, you do have to put in effort to get a decent grade, however, he is very approachable in terms of late submissions and necessary absences.
5.0 : Wonderful teacher, math has never been for me, but he simplifies it and makes it nice and easy. Always willing to help.
5.0 : Best math teacher ever! Makes math fun and easy to understand. Lectures are not boring at all. I had trouble with fractions but thanks to Professor Allen, I do not freak out anymore when I see fractions in my homework. He is willing to stay after class and answer any homework questions. Take him! Take him! You won't regret it!
4.5 : Allen is a hilarious professor. He makes lectures engaging. He is very clear on what the material is and what it requires when it comes to tests.
5.0 : Bill Allen was definitely one of the best math teachers I have ever had. I wish he was teaching more math classes, so I could continue to have him in the future. Make sure to go to the reviews before tests! They help out A LOT!
4.0 : I love him! I took his sons class and he was just as wonderful! I don't like math very much and I was never good at it, but he explains it in a way that relates to daily life. There isn't much homework. I got a C but that's only because I am horrible at math. Take him if you get the chance!
5.0 : He really cares about whether you pass or fail, if you say something in class he will hear you and then he will ask you questions the rest of the class (helpful if your mind wanders).  explains in a multiple ways how to do the math.
5.0 : Amazing! Classes are as engaging and anticipated as your weekly ABC show.  His knowledge of math is expressed in an understandable, logical way that diffuses any difficulties.  His teaching style is hilarious and endearing.  He easily gains the respect of his students.  His class is an ongoing version of those math riddles that blow  your mind.
5.0 : This class is super straightfoward. Bill is soo helpful and makes it easy to pay attention! He is one of the best proffesors ive had at state! Definitely recommend this class.
4.0 : Professor Nan Barker definitely knows her stuff, and has had YEARS of experience working with deaf/hard of hearing children. I could listen to her personal accounts all day, so if you have a drive for Special Education, Deaf Ed, Speech Pathology, you're going to learn A LOT from Nan! Turn in the papers on time, do the study guides, and ask ?s!! :)
5.0 : very forgetful but tried her best to help. overall, shes just an ok teacher. not the best but she got the job done in teaching what needed to be taught.
5.0 : The second easiest A I've ever gotten he's a good guy and the work is really easy. Put forth any effort and you'll get an A.
2.0 : He is a very nice, but his lectures are a joke. He isn't clear and he talks a lot but says nothing. Wont pass this class without tutoring
5.0 : very nice teacher and very helpful glad i took his class made everything so easy not stressful at all, he gives practice tests before every exam study it  and read the book and you will do fine
1.0 : This class is not easy even with Ray because what he teaches is literally the simple version of what your lab will expect. Gives study guides prior to exams however. He picks and chooses who he wants to help (stay on his good side) and get a B average on every exam to get an A in the class. Good professor makes an a attainable.
2.5 : Didn't really teach chemistry in my view. Talked a lot off topic, taking much of class time. Avoid!
4.0 : So sweet, and if you go to him with a question he do everything he can to explain it to you so you understand. You can even go to him with questions from lab and he will help you work through them. The test are seriously just like the study guides. Lectures can get a little boring because he does like to go into serious detail about things.
5.0 : Mr. Ray is so nice and funny. I loved him as a chem professor, chem is already very difficult in general but he made it less scarier and gave us useful handouts. 4 exams, and final. Do the homework!! gives you a 3% boost on tests if you do! His exams were easy! takes off ur lowest score.
2.0 : Mike is a great guy, there are definetly worse professors here. The class is solely graded on tests. Attendance is not required as long as you have a basic understanding of chem, because the practice tests look exactly like the actual tests. Study them and you will pass with an A. Mike's lectures are incredibly long and boring, learn more at home.
2.0 : He is a really nice guy but can be very confusing. Our TA who passed with a high grade from chemistry even had a hard time translating his lectures and exams in order to help us during SI especially for the final. Exams are similar to practice exams which are great. Attend SI for help and you'll do fine. Got low scores on test but I pass with an A.
4.5 : He is a great lecturer, all lectures are interesting. Exams were easy because it was open book for us. Only one long compilation paper to work on! He gives extra credit too, final exam is optional.
5.0 : At first I dreaded this class it being a night class. Boy, was I wrong. Cartier is one of the best professor's I've had at State. Funny, interesting, and wants to make sure you understand. I was actually bummed when I had to miss class. Open book quizzes, with extra credit opportunities. Great guy!!! TAKE HIM!!
4.0 : Mr. Cartier was a great professor. I wish more professors would lecture like him. He is less about "memorizing" content and more about KNOWING the ideas and being able to understand topics. He says from the beginning I WILL NOT make you MEMORIZE LAWS and Facts.  Test is open book, 1 "Big" paper (Graded fairly), overall go 2 class &amp; you will do well
4.0 : Professor Cartier knows his stuff, as he was a prior lawyer. 3 "pop" quizzes, open-note, open book, etc. Extra credit opportunities. Take notes along with the powerpoints, they will help when you have the pop quizzes. compilation paper, current events paper. All fairly easy.
5.0 : Prof Cartier has a great way of eliciting thought in his lecture.  Tests are easy if you took notes in class.  He gives additional information to his power points that are on exams.  He's easy to talk to and his grading is simple.  You can be exempt from final if you are happy with your grade before cumulative final.
4.0 : Two short exams, compilation paper, and optional final exam. Extra credit helps so try not to miss class. Review notes and book before exams even if they're open booknotes. Shows videos related to the weeks topic and presents many views.
4.0 : This class is extremely dry. Not a terribly hard course, mainly because Dr. Hansen isn't that tough. He gives you study guides so study those and you should pass. No homework at all, but he gives an extra credit paper which I recommend doing. Seriously though, I fell asleep in this class every time.
5.0 : This professor was very easy during lectures. The way he explained things made it super simple for you to understand. Each quiz we took was combined and added to our final grade, depending on your quiz average (possible +10 points). The tests were exactly like the study guides. Show up to class and you will pass the class.
5.0 : This professor was very easy during lectures. The way he explained things made it super simple for you to understand. Many extra credit opportunities that were simple to complete. The tests were exactly like the study guides. Show up to class and you will pass the class.
4.0 : Tests are based on the study guides which is basically his lectures so just show up to take notes and that is the only thing you need to study for. Don't get a textbook because you most likely won't touch it. Gives a good amount of extra credit and get an A at the end of the class and you won't have to take the final.
5.0 : Professor Hansen is probably my favorite professor. He's funny, engaging, and well knowledged on the subject. He really wants to see everyone do well in his classes and is clear of what he expects of you. There are a few "pop quizzes" which are primarily for attendance purposes, as well as a paper and two exams. He also offers extra credit.
5.0 : I took this class Fall 2014 and this has been the easiest class I've taken! He presents his lectures on an outline and you can take notes based off what he says. His quizzes are exactly what are on the tests. He's a very cool professor and easy to talk to and learn from. Easiest A I've gotten.
3.0 : Ehhh, not my favorite professor. His lectures can be sort of boring, but if you just copy down what is on the projector and read, you will be fine. His tests are sort of difficult, but they are definitely manageable. Keep up to date with the readings and look over your notes before the class so that you'll be covered if a pop quiz comes!
5.0 : Works with you, gives out a lot of extra credit opps but only able to do one, he is super nice, did not read the book at all and passed the class without a problem. NO FINAL, you are done ebfore dead days!
4.0 : Lecture is dry and very boring! However, easy class. He gives you a study guide for every exam. He gives you one extra credit opportunity that I would definitely recommend doing.  He gives pop quizzes that help you for the tests. There is 4 exams and 1 final and he will drop your lowest test score.
5.0 : My favorite class this semester. I looked forward to his lectures. They were refreshing, felt an NPR session every tues/thurs morning. He's not your typical burned out poli sci instructor, he will work for you if you're willing to come to class and participate/learn . 1 paper 2 exams.
3.5 : There are quizzes that are easy and help your grade a lot at the end. 3 tests that were basically off the study guide. Just go and pay attention and it's not hard at all.
3.5 : Lectures are long but he tries to make them interesting. He is funny and understanding. I gives quizzes every now and then to count towards attendance. His tests are pretty easy, you don't need the book much honestly I only picked it up once the whole semester and still got an A. No final and no papers. Overall I would recommend
5.0 : The class is fairly easy! Just read the book and pay attention during lecture. There's a few quizzes, 2 exams, and no final. There is a paper but, it's not too bad. He gets off topic a little but, he's quite funny and very willing to help students. He's aaa great professor and I would definitely recommend taking 140 with him.
3.0 : SO BORING. Talks so much about info that isn't even on the test. About 3 pop quizzes like 10 questions. 3 exams no final if you have an A. Takes up all class time even when he's done teaching just to talk randomly. Easy tests read study guide copied everything down then study. Miss class just ask someone for notes. Nice guy but such a boring class.
2.0 : Just show up to class for lectures and you will do fine. He gives study guides.
5.0 : Fairly nice teacher. Straightforward. Exams are tough but fair. Read and attend classes. Take good notes. Exams are based on the readings and things specifically discussed in class. Very easy-going teacher. I would recommend this teacher for this class.
4.0 : His lectures are to the point and discuss some things not in the book, so I recommend you go to class and pay attention to the lectures. His quizzes are easy as long as you paid attention to the notes and read the book. His test questions are taken right off the quizzes. I would say the hardest thing is his grading on the papers.
4.0 : Lectures are a majority of the exams, so attendance is mandatory. He doesn't check attendance regularly, only when there is a pop quiz. Only bad thing is that his lectures get off topic quickly and the outline he puts up on the projector is very vague so you must write as he speaks. Other than that his lectures and views are entertaining.
5.0 : I  took this class over the summer, it was pretty easy, all I did was take notes (He talks with a few points on the board). He's funny and willing to help, care for his students. His test are really straight forward if you read the book or show up to class, the tests are the overlap between the 2.
3.0 : He gives many extra credit opportunities and a pop quizzes before every test. The tests include content from both the book and his lectures and there are info in his lectures that aren't in the book so i recommend going to class. He goes off topic a lot and it can make class pretty boring but overall easy A is you do good on tests.
4.0 : He's funny and makes the lectures interesting. His quizzes are at random, but normally before the test, so go to class. He offers extra credit, but will only count one of the extra credit into your grade. I only opened the book when I needed to study for the test. Do the study guide.
5.0 : Professor Hansen is hilarious and makes his class very fun. He doesn't assign any homework, grades consist of 4 exams you take (drops the lowest one) plus final and quizzes. If you average an A on all four exams then you don't have to take the final. He offers extra credit as well. Pretty easy class overall. Don't buy the new book.
5.0 : Dr. Hansen is one of my favorites in the department. I really enjoy his teaching style, lectures cover the material well &amp; he's funny. Tests aren't bad as long as you attend lecture and do the readings. Not a lot of homework assigned, occasional quizzes. He offers extra credit and is very helpful, I don't think it's possible to do bad in his class.
5.0 : Can be boring. Readings every one. One extra credit opportunity, 4 exams, lowest one drop, pop quizzes help you with exams. I would go to class because most of the lecture make up the exam
4.0 : If I were to describe Hansen as a person and as a professor, he's extremely chill. He tells a large sum of "dad jokes", in which he finds funny. If you do the work for this class, meaning you complete the assignments, you will have no problem passing the class. I would recommend to anyone who still needs to complete GE PLSCI.
5.0 : Hansen is HILARIOUS! His tests are pretty much his notes from class. His study guide is easy, straight forward, and the test itself. Pop quizzes before the test but those same questions on the exam. 4 exams and drops lowest score. Only used the book for the study guide so get one and share with friends if possible. Would retake
5.0 : He's very funny! Attendance is required! But you won't regret going to class because it's actually fun. Two exams, one paper, and one extra credit paper. Got an A in the class just actually study for the exams and you'll be fine. Exams stumped everybody
5.0 : He is the best professor i have ever had at fresno state. He is funny and really cares about his students. I look forward to going to his class
5.0 : Dan is by far one of the best professors I've had. His classes are so funny and you actually want to go to class! His midterms are easy because he goes over the study guide with you before the exam and gives away the answers. You just have to study them. I would take Dan again and again if i could.
4.5 : Dan is the best. His class is pretty easy, he's super funny and intelligent, and is there for you if you need him to be. He does take role daily so make sure you show up, but I don't understand why you wouldn't want to show up. Only gives two tests, but there's lot riding on them, so study up. Only a few essays to write too.
5.0 : Dan is by far the best professor I've had so far at State. I honestly never wanted to miss a class. He's so real, and hilarious. Definitely outgoing, genuine and one of a kind! I would recommend this class to everyone, I'd take it again if I could. This class is so fun and so easy just show up, watch the films and the tests are easy!
5.0 : He is a great teacher! He may come off as a little inappropriate on the first day,  but he is hilarious and a very caring teacher. Takes the time to know students. Attendance is mandatory, he gives you the study guides for each class and goes over 3 very easy exams before test. I would recommend him! Very nice guy.
4.0 : BEST TEACHER AT FRESNO STATE!! You have one mandatory paper, one extra credit assignment, a mid term and a final which he goes over before the exam. There is no reason you should fail, other than laziness
5.0 : Dan was by far the best class I had last semester. He is hilarious! The guy has some of the best stories and is overall a great teacher. He has 16 study guides the first 8 are the midterm then the last 8 are the final. You watch 4  pretty good movies and you have to pick one and write an easy 4 pg paper. Best drama professor at state!
5.0 : Dan is by far the most inspirational, caring, and respectful professor I have ever taken. His class is an easy A! Show up to class and remember '"Daddy's Rules". Also, very understanding and respectful towards students.
5.0 : Love this professor, he is so hilarious and also use a lot of profanities just get used to it. He's not a tough grader and also not many works to do in his class. Just do your 4-page film evaluation and study for midterm and final you do fine.
5.0 : Probably the best teacher I have ever had. Super funny, really goes into detail with what is on the 2 tests and gives clear instructions on the film evaluation. Really enjoyable class.
4.0 : He's one of those professors who genuinely cares about his students and his class is one of the easiest on State. He cusses a lot but it's hilarious though. I never wanted to miss a day. There are only two tests, the midterm and final, and one mandatory essay that you gotta do but they're super easy.
5.0 : This class is so easy and Professor Carrion is hilarious! There are only two exams and if you pay attention in class you should be fine. You have to write two four page essays and he is an easy grader.
5.0 : Prof. Dan a.k.a Daddy is a great professor with hilarious lectures. Trust me, you won't want to miss a single one of his classes! There is a midterm and final (both 30 pts) as well as a 4 pg paper on a movie and a short script analysis, he also offers extra credit. His class is definitely not hard and he is very funny! Easy A if you do the work!!
5.0 : One of the best professors I ever had at State so far. He literally kept me awake in class because of his hilarious cursing. He helps students understand the concepts using real-life examples. No homework, but 2 big tests that can make or break your grade. Our class only did one writing: 4 pages of really reflection on a movie. Great Class!
5.0 : Professor Dan is a very understandable professor. He made class fun and entertaining. He's easy. All you have to do is study the study guides he gives you and write your 4 page paper to receive an A. He also gives extra credit on exams and in class. There's only 2 exams (midterm and final).
5.0 : Show up to class to pass. Easy class. He does cuss a lot. He is so funny. Book is needed but it very cheap, less than $10.
5.0 : BEST TEACHER EVER! all u need is a script that cost less than $5..i never wanted to miss his class..there wasn't one day where I didn't laugh. I was really sad I wasn't going to have him anymore. just printout study guides and take notes.. 2 tests &amp; 2 papers are super easy!
5.0 : Professor Carrion is the BEST professor you could ever wish for.  He is a character, he is politically incorrect and he makes learning a hilarious yet insightful experience.  I would major in drama just to take his courses.
5.0 : The funniest professor you'll ever have, his lectures are hilarious! 2 papers, 1 midterm and 1 final, go to the class before the exams and he'll tell you all the answer! Really cares for his students too.
5.0 : best professor you'll ever have. 2 tests and 1 paper. show up and you'll get an A goes over study guide before exams
5.0 : Amazing. He is so funny but uses profanity a lot  . Will help you in any way he can both in and out of classroom problems. Course is easy and as long as you write down the questions he says are going to be on the final- you will be fine! he literally gives you the exact questions and answers as final! You watch movies a lot and discuss history!
5.0 : great teacher. has no chill. funny!!!!!!!!! i honestly look forward to his class. we watch 3 movies and have to write 1 paper for one of them. i recommend writing on the first movie because he really goes over it with great detail. but like i said he has no chill
5.0 : Dan is probably one of the funniest people you will ever meet! His class was so interesting and fun. I actually wanted to go to class! Aside from being super funny, he is a great professor. He cares about his students' well-being and makes you think.
5.0 : By far best professor when it comes to this course. Attendance is somewhat mandatory, better just to show up if you can. Gives you questions to midterm, and final the day before, just have to study answers.
4.5 : This teacher is HILARIOUS! He is a great teacher and you WILL pass the class if you attend everyday. He makes class fun and entertaining by all his jokes and goofiness. You have 2 big test only, the mid-term and final. Not a hard class at all. You also have a group project to do, not hard at all he does the first part with the whole class.
5.0 : I got into this class on his request (he was a customer at my family's place). He told me the class is just lectures, movies, 1 paper, 2 tests and a script analysis ($6 script). No lies there. He's funny and his lectures make me want to go to class. I recommend him to everyone! *Warning: he curses quite often.
5.0 : Prof. Carrion is by far my fav teacher. So funny and genuinely cares for each and every student. 1 midterm 1 final, gives you the answers before, literally. 1 paper 4 page film eval, literally what you liked/hated about the film. Extra credit 3 page paper, whole letter grade. Takes roll every class, but trust me, you don't wanna miss his class :)
4.0 : Daddy is awesome! He's hilarious but also knows when to be professional. Just attend class, study the study guides, watch the films, and have fun, you should do fine.
5.0 : Does whatever he can to make the class fun and interesting! Curses every other word so if you get offended, dont take his class. Attendance is MANDATORY/taken every day and never cancels class! Gives study guides and reviews them all as lecture in class to prepare for midterm/final. Lots of movies, one 4pg paper, group paper, ExCr paper offered
5.0 : Overall I enjoyed this class there isn't much work but you do have to show up because he takes attendance. 2 exams, 1 script analysis, and 1 movie evaluation.  Just show up to class and use your study guides and you'll be good. He's really funny and you'll enjoy lecture even though the daddy thing is a little weird.
4.0 : Theatre is really boring, but Dan makes it much easier to learn. He integrates his hilarious stories to the lectures which prevents you from falling asleep. There are not many assignments in this class so make sure you study for the 2 exams and do well in order to ace the class.
5.0 : Class is always interesting, attendance is mandatory. He's a funny professor and as stated in other reviews, yes he cusses a lot. All the movies he shows is interesting and goes over the midterm/final questions before giving it out. Gives extra credit and genuinely cares for the students (even though sometimes he make joke around a lot.)
5.0 : Class is easy. Attendance will kill your grade. Offers a one page concert report as extra credit that will save your grade if you slacked off early on. Go to class or I promise you can fail just by not attending it's that crucial. I wasn't interested because I played piano for 7 years so this class is a cake walk.
3.0 : I enjoyed her class, but I felt like she was always comparing us to little kids and saying things like kids can understand this faster than you and maybe so, but she should be more encouraging.  There are a few projects and you have to sing and play the recorder in front of her for a test.  I liked the class and learned how to interact with kids.
1.0 : Dreaded going to this class. Take art if you can. I loved all my other music classes but this particular class ruined it for me. She is a tough grader and expects everyone to learn how to read music. We're not music majors. She will show no mercy in failing you. Annoying class.
4.0 : The class was easy and the materials could be interesting but after a while the music gets boring because of how similar they all sound.  She loves to talk so sometimes it'll bore you like crazy!  She's a good teacher however, her teaching is very neat and clear.  Should be an easy A if you attend the class.
4.0 : She is a great teacher and genuinely a happy woman. You will sing, dance and play games but she does treat the class as if we were music majors. Can sometimes go fast thru the material. Very helpful. You have to learn how to play the recorder. Practice!! There are 3 music pieces you will need to play for her. Daily homework. Test not hard.
4.5 : She is a sweet instructor, however I feel she wants the students to love music like she does but we are not music majors. You would do a music reflection, concert report, and music research paper, sing, play the recorder, and written test for the mid term and the final. She expects you to know all the material she lectures in class but does review
5.0 : Best teacher ever.
5.0 : Loved this class! He is the MFA coordinator and head of the poetry program. He loves poetry and respects all students and their work. He's hilarious and made a 4-hour class much more enjoyable. Fiction is my specialization and I came back around to enjoying poetry because of him. It's impossible to fail this class as long as you do the work.
2.5 : Laid back and approachable in class, but not very helpful as an advisor. A little on the milquetoast side. Not bad for starting out, but definitely not god-tier if you're really into pursuing poetry.
5.0 : Skeen is a really funny and interesting professor. The class was insightful and he gave good feedback. There was freedom when writing so if you're into that, it's a plus.
5.0 : Consists of 7 poems that are turned in online and then read aloud in class one by one; you also receive feedback from everybody aloud. 7 poems were also accompanied by 7 poetry books that you have to turn in 1 page analyses for. You basically get an A for effort, just turn everything in.
5.0 : Attendance is not mandatory, but you have to complete an in-class assignment every week. If you show up, do the assignments (free points), and study a little, then it is pretty easy. The tests are open book, open internet, and open lecture notes. If you can't pass this class, you should quit school.
5.0 : He is one of my favorite professor in the department! Very lively during lectures and explains everything thoroughly. There are only 2 exams and they're open note and open book, though you don't really need to read the book. In class assignments aren't difficult and he is very helpful! Extra credit is available as well.
4.0 : Such a sweet guy. Really wants to help his students succeed. Two essays (8 pages and 6 pages) which are graded very easily and two tests (multiple choice and short answer). If you pay attention in class and actually keep up with the readings, you should do fine.
5.0 : This class was interesting, I learned a lot. He's straight forward, 2 papers 2 exams. No study guide. He won't hold your hand and sing Kumbaya with you til the end of the semester. So do the readings and review the slides and you should pass. He's passionate about what he does and he really wants you to understand the content.
5.0 : Dr. H is one of my favorite professor in the department! He's very easy to understand &amp; very straightforward. He's is very passionate about the subject &amp; his lectures are interesting. There are a couple quizzes, 2 essays, 1 midterm, &amp; the final. Over a great course &amp; it's not too difficult.
5.0 : Dr Holyoke was great! The class was fairly easy we had no homework, 2 exams, and weekly in class assignments that were about the previous lecture. The assignments were easy and we were allowed to ask for help and work with other ppl. The material we went over was never hard it just took a while to complete and had a lot of steps.
5.0 : Dr Holyoke was the best professor I've had by far. His class is very interesting and he always finds a way to help his students. The assignments are pretty easy as well as the final. Attendance isn't mandatory but you should go if you want a for sure A. Overall this class was very interesting and not hard at all.
5.0 : Pretty Easy class if you pay attention and go to lectures. There are some math needed but I myself am not any sort of math genius and still passed easily! Holyoke is easy on you and will help if you need it. Take this class if you need to, some easy shhh!!
5.0 : Dr. Holyoke is a great teacher who seems to really enjoy what he teaches. He is honestly such a dork but in the best way. Such a funny man. His class is super easy you honestly have to be lazy to fail. He does a great job of explaining if you need help. Definitely recommend.
4.0 : Dr. Holyoke was a great teacher. All of his in class assignments are open note, so you can use the provided PowerPoints, textbook, and even ask other students for help. The midterm and final were also open note. Attendance IS NOT mandatory. Great class.
5.0 : Dr. Holyoke's PLSI 90 class was very enjoyable and easy. Lecture during one class and quiz during the next. Very straightforward. Everything is open book and open note (including midterm and final). Do well enough on the quizzes throughout the semester, do any extra credit he offers, and you won't have to sweat it too much during the final.
5.0 : He is incredible! He simplifies everything down in the lecture to get you ready for the labs. The grading criteria is clear and he is always willing to clarify or help you if you need help on a problem. I would definitely take him again for any class!
4.0 : Took a class with Professor Seepersad in the Fall 2017. The class was very interesting. Weekly assignments with about 40 pages to read and summarize. Professor Seepersad is great!!!! I strongly recommend taking his class. You lose 10 points if you skip a class but is nice to attend it. Interesting videos and surveys.
5.0 : Ruth is such an amazing person and teacher. This class is also such an easy A. She does grade on attendance and participation but being in class is so fun and relaxing. But be ready to do some weird but interesting things! There are 13 easy quizzes due by the end of semester, an easy paper, a midterm, and final.
5.0 : Very very interesting professor. He is the reason why Fresno State has a peace garden. He trust his classmates as if they were family,and the textbook is very cheap. A must take class. Peace peace peace.
4.0 : LOVE this professor! He's so sweet and funny and his work load is honestly not bad at all, most papers are only 1 page and it's legit just u writing about your feelings. His lectures do get heavy because he has so much to say and it's a 3 hour class but it's once a week so it's doable. This class will really impact who you are as a person, take it!
5.0 : Dr Kapoor is one of the most inspirational professors ever! His work within the community and all the experience and stories he has to tell about work he has done within his field is amazing. He brought Fresno State the peace garden and is definitely someone to look up to. An enjoyable, fairly easy class that will ultimately better you as a person.
4.5 : Loved this class! He is very sweet and knowledgeable. Dr. Kapoor is the father of the peace garden. He assigns tons of papers (1-3 pages) so get those done ASAP to get them out of the way. Great class!
5.0 : Dr. Erin Dolin is an awesome professor of the Dept. of Physical Therapy. She is really dedicated to her profession. Overall PHTH 106 is a fairly easy course to excel with an A if you do your work and participate in Class. The course consists with chapter reviews, a midterm, a final, and a group project.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR I'VE HAD. If you're a philosophy major or minor you HAVE to take him! If you find a G.E. course with him, take it! His test format is always the same, 10 multiple choice, 4 short answers, and an essay (which is not bad). Just show that you are learning on your essays and you'll pass! The book is helpful. Buy it.
5.0 : pretty easy class w/ online hw that allows multiple attempts about 1/week. very easy quick writes in class once a week. his lectures are interesting but if you do the online assignments, in class attendance not mandatory. m.c. choice tests with a essay prompt he tells you before test. one paper thats easy cuz its opinion based.
4.5 : He is a really cool guy. takes the time to learn everyone's name and class is never boring the way he lectures.
4.0 : Quick writes and discussion boards are easy 100's don't miss those or skip class on those days. Pretty funny guy, gives extra credit opportunities at least twice a week. Test are something you should study for, text books is online and all homework is online. Honestly it's no way you could fail. He's pretty understanding, just communicate with him.
4.5 : I'm really going to miss this guy and his class! He's so passionate about it and is very helpful! DO THE EXTRA CREDIT :) I'm not going to lie, his tests are very hard... But you can def prepare for them and excel if you prepare well enough ! The paper is long but easy to get an A on too! Got my A for the class that worked for :)
5.0 : He's awesome, great lectures. I'm glad I took him for Phil 20. No study guides for exams so you actually have to read and understand the concepts of each chapter.
5.0 : Dr. Fiala is the man. If you are a philosophy major or minor and you don't take him while at State, you're cheating yourself. He's like an encyclopedia, and talking to him in office hours was a lot of fun as we'll. I've graduated, but I will definitely be keeping in touch with him.
5.0 : This is not a class to take if you want an easy A, you will have to work for it but honestly it is such an interesting class and the lectures are engaging. He takes attendance randomly based on a discussion question you turn in. Just put in the effort and do your weekly online assignments on the chapter he covered and you should be fine.
5.0 : Fiala is a great funny professor and his lectures are honestly super interesting, he gives alot of extra credit opportunities and the textbook is online and all the course material for the tests is on the slides, use those to study
4.0 : He's a great teacher, and really knows his stuff. Chapters in the book are fairly short. He's pretty lenient on grading, but do study, as he includes short answer and essay questions on the exams. Also make sure you go and participate, if you want a 100 in participation. Overall, an excellent teacher.
5.0 : An amazing professor! He's hilarious, and his lectures are interesting. Attendance is required, because he does assign quick writes. Easy hw and it is all done online. Take advantage of his extra credit opportunities because it will help boost your grade towards the end. If you study and do your part, you will get an A. :)
5.0 : Professor Fiala is one of my favorite professors! His lectures are always interesting and funny! HW and quizzes are online and they're pretty easy! There's a midterm and a final, which usually consists of 25 MC questions and 2 essays, which he will provide the prompts for you before the exam, so as long as you study, you'll get an A!
5.0 : He is an amazing instructor. He makes lectures so interesting and leaves you with some mind blowing things regarding ethics. Go to class, read, write the essay prior to the exams and you should get an A or B. If you have questions he really takes the time to make sure he answers them. He cares about his students.
4.0 : Took her class and was intimidated because of the subject. It turned out to be really easy as long as you keep up with the quizes because they are mc and short answer. Take your time and you should get good grades. She is flexible and very humble. I really liked her as a professor because she is generous in her grading as long as you try.
3.0 : Class was fine assignments were very confusing. I think the class lacked cohesiveness, heavily depended on book to complete papers. However Dr. Whittle was accessible via email and responded quickly to questions and concerns. She was very understanding of students struggles and needs.
5.0 : Take her! She is so chill! The class lectures might sometimes be boring but they are all useful lectures. She have guest speakers who are awesome! There is 3-4 chapter quizzes and one midterm which is easy and one final. They are all online.
3.5 : Can miss 2 classes before grade is affected. Read novels, short stories &amp; poems. Quiz almost every class period on the assigned reading material. 3-4 papers, can revise 2. Midterm &amp; final consist of writing &amp; identifying a list of quotes (choose 3-4). Doable, but honestly this class was HARD. If you are not an english person, do NOT take this class
5.0 : Awesome professor
2.5 : We had to read 7 full length books for the class plus wrote multiple essays. Far more than half the class dropped, myself included. He thinks students have no other work to do except the reading for his class. Don't even bother signing up.
5.0 : Interesting class and instructor. Very helpful and insightful. He would give the class a topic and let us write what we wanted to write. He teaches you how to write a paper and not what you have to write. Eager to help students learn and pass. Dr. Clifton is one of my best English instructors I taken to date. MUST TAKE.
4.5 : It's been almost 27 since I had the pleasure of sitting in one of Mike Clifton's classrooms, but it only took one of his classes to make me want to be a writer with every fiber of my body. He's not perfect -- he would side-eye you if you claimed he was -- but he's one of the best teachers I ever had and I'm not alone in that theory. Thanks Mike.
4.0 : Teaches the class as if you're already an expert on the subject. Spends a majority of the time quizzing you on what you should have read instead of actually teaching the material. He does a demo on most days, which was pretty cool. If there's another professor teaching the course, I'd go that route.
5.0 : Dr. Person pulls no punches.  He is clear from day 1 what the expectations are and what you need to do to succeed.  Caring and knowledgeable.  He will answer all questions and direct you towards reading that will bolster your understanding. One of the best professors in the department.
3.0 : Dr. Person is a caring professor. But he speeds through his lecture notes and doesn't explain how to do things because of being short on time and cramming so much in. You really have to study for his exams and go to SI Sessions. All exams are written response only, no multiple choice. Tough class and a lot of people struggle.
1.0 : He goes through the material very fast and sometimes when reviewing, he doesn't even go over problems. The tests are all response, no multiple choice. You really have to attend SI and do as much as you can bcuz it's a hard class.  I don't really like his teaching methods &amp; I heard from other students that we were further than any other classes.
3.0 : He goes really fast in lecture. Tests are open book open notes but they're also all open/written response so the tests are hard. Go to SI and you will improve your grade a lot. He grades the entire class on a curve. A 65 is a C and I ended the class with a 67% but  I started going to SI and was improving my test scores so he bumped my grade to a B
3.0 : We had to upload what we learned that day by pdf to blackboard every single class which was tedious. He literally teaches the class like you already know Chemistry. Yet, his lectures are interesting, and he does a demo each lecture. THE EXAMS ARE SO HARD lol NO MULTIPLE CHOICE.  Don't take him if you're not good at science. It is haaaard
5.0 : First of all if youre willing to put in the work for a class then you will get an A. Dr Person was a great instructor, for every test he gave us the answers after so that we got better understanding of our mistakes Also gave us chapter diagnostics study guides for every chapter, really helpful on tests. if you dont understand lecture watch youtube!
5.0 : Person is an excellent chemistry professor. You can tell through his ways of teaching he clearly knows his stuff and wants all his students to understand the material. His experiments during lab were a great visual to understanding the concepts. Always read the book before lecture to get the most out of the class. Grades fair on tests. Take Person!
4.5 : Dr. Person is definitely a great professor. He sincerely cares that you know the material and spend time to read the book and apply your knowledge to labs and the tests. Also, the tests are written tests, not multiple choice. The class can be easy if you read according to schedule. Otherwise, you'll fall behind.
3.5 : Person is one the best professors. He has serious passion for Chemistry and that's what really makes him unique. His lectures are very useful. Also, go to the SI sessions because the resources are very close to the test. Just make sure you are willing to put in the 100% effort and study everyday, and you will be fine!
2.0 : Most difficult class I have taken at state but it is a subject I am very interested in. All the students had to rely on each other to teach each other as he did very little. I ended with a B but don't take this unless you have some confidence in chemistry.
5.0 : Dr. Person is a great professor.  He explains the material you need to know very well but checks for understanding so you need to read and study to do well in his course.
2.5 : Overall, he is a very good teacher. You can tell he loves Chemistry. I just think he has too high of expectations and I don't think he can explain things in a simple way. He seems to smart to be teaching Chem 3A.  Be prepared to put in many hours, no matter what it is a class that will take extra effort. His tests are always cumulative  hard.
3.0 : Clicker quizzes every class, so make sure you read before you come in. Homework every night.  3 tests and a final. He does an experiment almost every class. His test are free response, NO MULTIPLE CHOICE! It was his first time teaching 3A, so he referred a lot to 1A &amp; 1B, and kind of talks a lot, but he is a good teacher. STUDY, STUDY, STUDY!
3.0 : Person was a great professor as you could see he really knows a lot about chemistry and really wants his students to understand. I have never worked so hard until I took this class with him. You actually have to work hard and study all the time! Tests are cumulative and written answers only! Homework everyday and you have to read before class.
5.0 : Great professor!!! He wants his students to really learn and understand the basic of chemistry. He doesn't want you to just memorize things!!! There is 5min quiz every day (basic information about the chapter). Four exams and cumulative.   I haven't got the book, I used to watch short videos on YouTube, and that works very well!!!
5.0 : The first time I took chem 1A with a different teacher, I absolutely failed. I took  this class over the summer and it was like night and day. Fantastic at explaining  anything that is even slightly confusing. Had him as a lecture and lab teacher and he was very clear with both. Even if he isn't your current teacher, I recommend talking  him.
3.0 : Person is a great professor. However you need to do your part, and set aside study hours in order to understand the concepts. He goes really fast while lecturing, so be prepare to take good notes. For hw we used Mastering Chemistry, and those can be time consuming but fairly easy. I recommend going to SI or work with a tutor. Good luck!
4.0 : Person is a pretty relaxed professor. If you are confused on anything, he is willing to help. Every lecture is based on the reading,but the reading is an easy read and not long at all. Class is not mandatory, but you should attend to understand problems that would connect to the text and exams. Only 3 exams and online hw, really easy A if you read
5.0 : Extremely easy class if your interested in natural science. 4 exams all take home short answer. 1 research paper, 3 easy quizes. Got an A in this class attending barely 50% of the time.
5.0 : I earned an A and I only attended 50% of the time! Pretty interesting class and he explains it so well. I wouldn't say it was too easy.
4.5 : He was a tough grader, but he gives you great feedback and tips.  His lectures are full of information and he rarely repeats himself since there's a lot of material to go through so coming to class everyday is a must. Don't buy the book if you're going to come everyday and take good notes. I barely cracked open the book and still got an A.
4.0 : He is a great teacher. Really into the subject. Attendance is not mandatory but is recommended. There are 3 tests and they are basically the notes. He is pretty up front about everything. I recommend that you take this class with him!
4.5 : Great teacher! He will go out of his way to help you out if you show him your a good student. He is very passionate about what he does. Really enjoyed his class. 3 tests, 1 paper, a quiz and an easy take home project. Attendance and reading are mandatory! You'll need to do both if you want to do well in this class. 1 of the best teachers I've had.
5.0 : Class was easy. His joke are lame, but they're funny in a way. No homework, just 4 tests. Drops your lowest test grade. So do well on your first 3 tests and you basically DON'T have to take the final. Recommend taking his class.
4.5 : 3 tests &amp; final, 3 homework assignments, offers extra credit. Gives credit for Rough Draft on paper assignment. Asks for it in APA format but doesn't penalize if formatted differently. I wrote mine the day it was due and got an A on it. Attendance not mandatory but his lecture materials are on the test so attending class helps. Great prof &amp; class!
4.0 : He's a good professor and I found the lectures to be very interesting. He's very passionate about Dinosaurs and I learned more about them than I thought I would. He is tough on the writing assignments but he's not a bad professor.  You just have to try and edit your papers! He does give extra credit for showing up on writing workshop days! (:
2.0 : Very Difficult no study guides, Grades papers very harsh must show up to class to know material,
4.0 : Do the extra credit if possible. 1 quiz, very few homework assignments, 1 project. 3 tests all based on his notes. Make sure to attend class and take thorough notes. Not the easiest class but still passed.
1.5 : Don't take any class from this guy. He is very boring and it makes it difficult to pay attention. I now realize I will never like dinosaurs thanks to this class. Tests are all in essay form, and he grades extremely hard.
4.0 : If you are taking this class for your upper GE and you are not so great at writing, especially science articles. I would suggest you look for another class because this is going to be a tough class for you. Mr. Anglen is approachable and he gives good feedback in all your papers. As well he's really passionate about teaching about dinosaurs.
3.0 : Professor Jeff is a tough grader when it comes to grading papers. If you are taking this class just for the writing requirement, DON'T! Take a class that is easier than this class. This is a tough class when it comes to the writing assignments, but as far as the content of the class, is fairly easy.
5.0 : Jeff is the best professor I've had at State. His lectures are hilarious and always engaging. I found myself looking forward to his class more than any other. Assignments can be dense and difficult, however he is very clear with what he wants and gives lots of constructive feedback. Textbook is only needed if you miss class. All tests are take-home
2.0 : NO STUDY GUIDES AND GRADES TERM PAPER AS IF IT WERE AN ENGLISH CLASS.
4.5 : Lectures were essentially by memory, this guy is an encyclopedia of geological info. He uses dry humor to liven up his lectures. Do the extra credit when offered, and be a good little student and turn a draft of the paper in early, it helps a TON on knowing what he looks for. This class can help science majors get a physical science minor FYI
5.0 : Dr Jackson has a heart of gold to say the least. only reason why i gave her a 4 on "easiness" is bc of the projects u have to do for her classes. they require time and EFFORT. her knowledge is limitless. she's held some of the most prestigious positions in the profession. goes out of her way to help students in any way possible. very inspirational
4.5 : Such a nice lady. She makes her classes very passable as long as you study and show up for lecture. Attendance is mandatory, and she does not require a textbook. Only thing, she does not use blackboard. Make sure you ask her about your grade throughout the semester b/c I somehow ended with a B.
5.0 : Dr. Catherine Jackson is the epitome of what it means to be a teacher.  She takes on the role of someone who is empathetic, understanding, and positive.  From my experience she was able to help students, who are not typically gifted, grasp the most fundamental aspects of each course.  She's always upbeat and upfront about issues.  I hope she's well
5.0 : Dr. Jackson's one of the sweetest, most caring and understanding professors in the Kines department. You must show up to class as she does not use Blackboard. There's only the midterm, final and the Exercise Prescription project for her course so it's a really light load. If she was teaching any other course, I wouldn't hesitate to take her again.
3.0 : there is a homework assignment due every week. a total of 4 tests. the final isnt optional if you already have your points to pass.
5.0 : Great teacher. Explains material well. Provides study guides for tests. Attend SI sessions for more help. Easy overall if you attend class, pay attention, do hw, etc.
4.5 : Very good teacher. She uses a lot of examples and explains everything. You need to be in class and take good notes. I highly recommend this teacher for Pre calc! I wish she taught math75!!!
4.0 : Easy class, online homework w my math lab due each week. I never really went to lectures, I only went to class when she went over the study guides a day or two before the actual exams. The study guides are just like the tests!! take her class if you're not that great with math
5.0 : Awesome professor. This was a very easy class and she explains everything great!! I would definitely recommend her
4.0 : Pretty easy for someone who hates math. She explains everything in a way you can understand it. HW questions every week but there online. You get credit for attending SI sessions and answering questions on iclicker. Beware of the "Quiet,room please" phrase. Overall,she made math bearable for me :)
5.0 : Great teacher! She is very clear and detailed. If you need any help or clarification you just need to ask. She does a lot of examples. What she teaches is on the test no surprises, just do the online homework and study exams and you'll pass!
5.0 : She covers up to chapter 9 throughout the semester. Gives quizzes weekly and four exams and drop the lowest scores plus but the final is mandatory to take. Tells exactly what is on the test. Go to her final review and you will pass the test.
5.0 : Tofan is a great professor. She is nice and explains everything clearly. I passed my first time taking the class even though I failed 3 of the 4 quizzes (70%, 64%, 68%, 68%). If you get 100 on all the homework that really helps and go to all the SI sessions. You also need the iclocker points! Do not miss class because those points are important.
4.0 : Prof. Tofan is great. She is straight to the point and shows you how to do things.
4.0 : Prof. Tofan was really great in this math class, I am terrible at math but she went over it in a way that even i could understand. CRNC class, so basically get to the amount of points and you're good. 4 tests, HW every week, one final if you need to take it. Study guides are exactly like the test.I would take this teacher again, she was wonderful.
5.0 : This class was so easy, I really loved coming to this class. She makes time go by really fast in this class. She has an accent but it's not that noticeable. Overall I really liked this class and this class is really easy. If you don't pass then you are really lazy because this class is a breeze.
1.0 : Its very hard to understand her over her accent. She isn't very reasonable with you. Attendance and participation is half of your grade
5.0 : She's a great professor. She's helpful and understanding. Tests are exactly like the study guide but it would help if you go to the lecture for the study guide review. Overall, easy class.
4.0 : Accent is tough to understand. Don't try to cheat on test, you will get caught. Homework is easy A's , clicked points are part of participation so don't skip and answer them, you get credit for getting it wrong. She's real understanding and will work with you but for final grades she won't bump you up or curve it, the grade you earn is what you get
4.0 : I fell short of the 490 point's required to pass remediation math 3 times. Although my point is, ATTEND CLASS AND YOU WILL PASS. She's a great teacher and the material is easy. Also ATTEND THE LAB. DO YOUR HOMEWORK. Easy to pass just do the work and attend. She's great!
4.0 : Made the class easy to understand, and very clear with what she wanted us to do.
4.0 : Your normal math class. Attendance is counted daily by answering iClicker questions. Homework is pretty easy, you have unlimited chances per question so you can keep going until you get 100%. Tests are kind of tricky honestly..
4.5 : Decided to take this as a refresher before regular calculus. I hadn't taken a math class in 8 years, but she made it easy! She was very clear and to-the-point with teaching. Attendance was not mandatory, but her notes made homework easier. There were only 3 tests and a final, so homework was very important. Extra credit offered before each test.
4.0 : She's a really good professor and she does lectures clearly which makes the time in class seems so fast. Her class is not hard at all as long as you do your work. Overall, I love her class and students definitely should take it! :)
5.0 : This is the easiest class I have ever taken. Her lectures are not boring and the class goes by super fast because its in a lecture hall. Homework due every monday night on mymathlab, not hard at all. Only 3 tests and you only do the final if you don't like your grade. Just do the homework show up for clicker questions and you will pass guaranteed
5.0 : Seriously never understood math until I took this class. It is very fast paced but if you show up and pay attention, go to lab, it is passable. Homework is time consuming but it is what she taught in class and is heavily part of your grade. I got a 76, 96, and 88 on my test but forgot to do 3 homeworks and my grade is a low B
5.0 : Super nice lady. She teaches clear and she means business. She won't tolerate a lot of noise, and she will wait till it gets quiet. But she explains clearly how to do a problem, she is good at her job. She has an accent, that I like (still can't figure out where she's from). Overall, easy tests and hw. Take her, she is a good teacher.
5.0 : Pretty easy class just pay attention, show up to class, study, and you should pass the class. Activity labs are worth 120pts, participation is 80 pts and you need to have an iclicker for these points, homework is worth 100pts, there are 5 exams but drops the lowest. You need 490 pts to pass the class.
4.5 : Real great teacher. You can definitely learn from her. Just do your homework, show up to class, pass the tests (25 questions only), and you'll be fine. She does have an accent, but that's because she's Ukrainian. If you need help, she'll be there. Don't be afraid to ask!
5.0 : She teaches each concept step by step with plenty of problems up on the board. She expects her students to engage in active learning  when it comes to solving equations. She gives a lot of homework which is still manageable, unless you do it the last minute. She posts practice tests with answers online and reviews the day before the exam.
4.5 : Easy class. Has a Russian accent but it is vey easy to understand her. Material is basic &amp; she gives plenty of examples to work on. Helpful. 4 tests plus a final. if you earn +350 points on tests &amp; hw, no need to take the last test nor the final! :) Didnt attend her lecture many ties &amp; passed with 366 points. Attendance is Not Mandatory at all
3.5 : Really excellent teacher. She explains the formulas really well and is very straightforward. Has a slight accent, but you get used to it after the first couple of weeks. Gives plenty of extra credit opportunities. Coming to class is super important and so is the homework.
5.0 : She explains everything clearly.  Homework is online.  It's math, so you should go to lectures to pass.  She has an accent but you get used to it after the first few days of class; it not difficult to understand.
4.0 : Professor Tofan is super nice and she really helped me understand math more than I ever have before. She pronounces some words differently because of her accent (I believe she's from Ukraine). Anyways, I missed class a few times and got a little lost when test day came but overall the class is pretty simple as long as you pay attention.
4.0 : Tofan is a good teacher, she explains things well. As long as you get decent grades on the exams and do the homework you'll pass. I got B's on all my tests and did all the homework and passed. She puts a study guide online before every test so you can study. Also final is optional. I don't regret taking this class with Tofan at all. Great teacher.
4.0 : great teacher, detailed class lectures. homework is online. if you attend class, take good notes, do the homework, and go over the study guides before the test, guaranteed B atleast.
5.0 : You have an A as long as you don't miss a class. Test are open books.
5.0 : Dr. Thomas Minniear is a fantastic professor! He's really passionate about physical education. No homework or quizzes. Exams are open book. All you have to do is the pe binder which is easy, observation and make a lesson plan. EASY A!
4.0 : Maggie is an excellent professor! Had her for both 5A and B. Breakdown of assignments were fairly easy to follow. Helpful and very passionate. She expects the class to participate as whole to get a full understanding of the readings. In order to do so, reading the articles given beforehand is a must. Attendance is mandatory!
5.0 : Highly recommend this professor. I learned a lot in this class and would have taken her for 5b too if it fit my schedule. If you need help with anything you can email her any time, even the weekend.
4.0 : Professor Webley is challenging and her grading is extremely difficult BUT she actually wants her students to learn. So if you want an easy A, then this is not the class for you but if you wish to learn and improve your English skills then take this class. When giving feedback she can be somewhat rude but it's only for one's own improvement.
5.0 : Maggie is a wonderful teacher! She is always ready to listen to students and clarify any misunderstandings. I used to think English was boring but I learned how important it is because of her.
5.0 : If you want to get by with doing the bare minimum this is not the teacher for you. I started out that way until I found out I was failing. After I talked to her I enjoyed the class after that.if getting an easy A is more important to you than learning something then  don't take Webley
5.0 : Oh and I forgot to say that if you think annotations are just to make sure you understand the readings, then you're missing the point
5.0 : Maggie is a great teacher and I am thankful to have had her class. She has high expectations and won't let students off for low attendance or not participating but I learned a lot from her class. I would recommend her.
2.0 : Although she is good at what she does she is very unclear in what she desires from her papers. She also does not tell you what she wants ahead of time you must be psychic. She is good at helping but recommends the writing center and library a lot. overall hard teacher if you pass you will be ready for life.
4.0 : She can be difficult to learn from and has a different way of teaching than most are used to but if you are having trouble just go talk to her and she will fix it. She just needs to get to know your needs.
4.5 : Great professor! She is  clear on her expectations from the beginning, she gives a schedule for the whole semester, so she will not accept late assignments.  She is very encouraging and organized, and will always push you to look ahead.  She may be  strict but it only helps you become a better student, with more responsibility,you will learn a lot!
5.0 : Awesome teacher!She really does care about her students and wants them to academically grow!You must complete all assignments or you will not pass. No class on fridays, just an online assignment. You need two text books. you will use them! I totally suggest her! she loves what she does!
4.5 : In the first semester of this course I did think the class was very difficult. I think it was just a huge transition from the amount of work we did in high school to how much is expected in college. Other than that it was a lot of help and 2nd semester  was way easier.
5.0 : Maggie keeps it real. I would not have made it through 5B if it hadn't been for her, I'm not saying her class is fun, because it's a lot of hard work, but it changed the way I think. Totally recommend her!
5.0 : This was not an easy class, but Maggie provides a lot of resources to help you on the way. Grading system is clear. If you turn all the assignments in on time and earn full credit for them, you will do well. If you make the effort to learn as you go, the pay back is that you come out of it writing at a whole different level from when you went in.
4.5 : Maggie is an amazing teacher! I loved her! To start the class I was unexcited because I hated english during high school and College is just a harder version right? Well Maggie helped me all the way through. She was my teacher for both english 5A and B. I highly suggest taking her. If you need any extra help she'll try to work around both schedules
3.5 : She is a great teacher but she expects a lot and she likes to repeat thngs alot. Make sure you real her bullitins on bb and make sure you read and turn in your assignments on time.
5.0 : Excellent professor! She makes time to meet with you so you understand her feedback better. Lots of reading and writing specially in 5B. Everything you do leads up to the final portfolio that was revised over and over until time ran out. Stressful at times but worth it in the end.
5.0 : I think Professor Webley is a great instructor. She pushed me to be more successful than I was. I learned a lot in her class and will carry much of what she shared with me for the rest of my life.
1.0 : okk
5.0 : I took this class last Fall and my advice to students who sign up for English 10 with Webley is to drop the high school attitude. If you pay attention and do all the work, it's almost impossible to fail. Just read the prompts and use the final portfolio rubric as a checklist and you will get a good grade. Great prof for people who want to learn.
1.0 : Horrible professor. Sat in on one of her 8 a.m. classes hoping I would get in, only to be told that I am "not ready for this level of English." I risked getting kicked out for not completing English during my first year. Sat in another English 10 course and passed with A's both semesters. So much for "Not ready."
4.0 : I was a bit scared first semester in English 5A because Webley expected us to be ready every day with all of our work done. As I got more comfortable with Webley and her course doing the work wasn't hard anymore. Webley is an excellent teacher and she truly helps her students.
5.0 : Coming into this class I was worried because I've always struggled in English. The first semester WAS tough but in 5B everything started to make sense. Ended up loving the class AND the professor. Highly recommend!
5.0 : High expectations of students. If you don't do ALL the work you will fail. Aside from that, Maggie is always willing to listen and help. Would recommend to anyone who wants to learn something.
5.0 : Maggie is so great. Shes very clear on answering any and all questions. Lots of writing assignments but they are all easy and she always goes over them before you complete them! Always follow her instructions and tunics, that critical to passing the class. 3 formal writing projects PLUS a final portfolio. If you show up and do the work youll pass
5.0 : Professor Maggie is a great instructor and tells you exactly what you need to do. She is funny and has interesting assignments centered around a weekly discussion group. She'll work with you if you have any problems and responds to emails quickly. Highly recommended
1.0 : She made my experience in college a lot more harder. If you like tough teachers take her
2.5 : high expectations, 2 books required in hard copy,no class Friday only blackboard work,daily reading ,essays through lots of revision,really  passionate what she is teaching wants you to participate in class discussion,take this class if you are ok with English n if not I do not suggest if you are not. I regret taking her class.  _
5.0 : I am in Maggie Webley's 5A class this semester and am just about to sign up for 5B with her. I think it s hard not to pass 5A. After all it's pass no pass. I think you have to not be doing the work to barely pass o right not pass. She has been nothing but fair to me and everyone else I have talked to in class. Great teacher great class.
1.0 : Was never specific about what she wanted on her papers, tough grader, all over the place
3.5 : I love having Maggie as a teacher. She responds to e-mails quickly which is very nice as well. If you ignore an assignment and choose not to do it, you will fail. On the other hand, she gives a schedule of the whole semester ahead of time so you shouldn't miss anything anyway. I strongly recommend her. Great teacher.
4.5 : Great teacher! She will challenge you to think. I don't like lazy people so I'm glad she doesn't let people slide. I don't like being in groups when I'm the only one whose done the work and come prepared. What I learned in English I have been using in all my other classes.
1.0 : Her first class was easy in Eng5A which I passed but in Eng5B is when things got toucher. She wasn't really specific on what she wanted in her papers and was a really tough grader.
5.0 : She was definitely one of the hardest professors I've had at Fresno State. She's very specific about what she wants and what she is looking for in a paper. Tough grader and very pressing on online assignments and essays. But overall she gives good feedback and I strongly suggest going in to talk to her about your work. A lot of reading for essays.
3.0 : Maggie is a great teacher, and while my writing has strengthened, she wants everything done her way and won't accept anything but that. There are lots of assignments so you have to be checking blackboard often. If you love writing essays this will be the class for you because there are a ton! She will love you if you visit her in her office!
5.0 : Great Professor.  Highly recommend not slacking off in the beginning to create a cushion for the final. The final research paper is not difficult, but its is graded very closely. She is also always available throughout the semester if you have questions or are stuck somewhere. British accent is also a plus. Easy class if you don't slack off!
4.5 : I highly recommend Maggie as a professor. She is kind of pushy at times, but she is also very fair. If you go to her office she will go over your writing with you and you will learn A LOT! It's true that you will have to work hard in this class and she WILL question your thinking, but any kind of BS will get you nowhere so don't bother sucking up,
5.0 : Professor Webley was an excellent instructor who emphasized on her students to take advantage of the many resources that the university has to offer. Most students do not utilize these resources,and thanks to her I made the decision to use the Writing Center. She has one of the best attitudes and personality which made learning in her class easier.
5.0 : Loooooove her! The class is only difficult if you don't come; however, you'll want to come because she's such a jokester.  I enjoyed her class. Don't wait til the last second to do the project, it's time consuming but an easy A. :)
5.0 : Mary Lou loves what she teaches and it shows.
5.0 : This was my favorite class. She is such a great teacher, and she loves to crack jokes in class. If you want to do well, I strongly suggest going to class everyday. That's the best way to apply everything to your memory. She prepares you well for the tests, and the project was simple. Just don't procrastinate!
5.0 : She is a really sweet lady. She uses comics to teach phonetics and as a Speech Pathology major youll have to learn IPA. Shes been very understanding and has very clear grading criteria. Shes really a great professor. Highly recommend!!
3.5 : Took this class as part of my major. The subject was interesting. However, the teacher spends more time telling really dumb jokes and showing clippings from the newspaper comics than actually covering material. It gets old. She is VERY specific on what she wants on her tests and quizzes. I earned a B instead of an A over tedious things.
5.0 : Great teacher! Show up to class everyday and it is an easy A. She places a big emphasis on the CD's that come with the text, but I never used them. Project was easy for me, finished it in 2 days. Class moves at a great pace, overall I had a great experience! Do SG's for tests and you'll pass each one with an A no problem.
3.5 : She is a good teacher but very rude.  She wants you to ask questions but then makes fun of you when you ask a question.  Constantly making fun of students mistakes, which doesn't help anyone learn.  Grades really hard! Mostly don't like her because she makes me feel like I can't ask questions without being made fun of. Don't take unless you have to
5.0 : Buy the text, go to class, and try to enjoy her silly, interesting character. If you are going to be a Speech Pathologist, she gives you all the basic information you need to know, no extra fluff, so pay attention! Do the project before finals crunch time because it's easy &amp; time-consuming.
4.0 : She does tease a little bit, but I myself am a little cynical so it didn't bother me.  I thought she was an easy A, her study guides are on point and the material is easy if you just apply yourself to memorize.  Lectures are really short. Her project was fun, and I got 100 on the final- do not do the optional exam, it's a trick.
4.0 : Talks fast but always willing to stop and clarify if you need, so ask! Tests can be challenging, but it's all material she covered, so make sure you study. She's a good teacher.
4.0 : I really liked this class because she was super organized and everything was clear and straightforward. You knew what to expect for every test bc the practice exams were very similar. Quizzes weren't too bad basically like the iclicker questions in class. Attendance is mandatory. HW is kind of irreverent (the tests are easier)  and sometimes a lot
5.0 : She's very amazing teacher and vet helpful! Some say she goes fast but to me her pace was perfect! She's so nice and caring, I would totally recommend her! Wish she taught chem 1b!
4.0 : I took this course twice with her the first time was tough i got a D but it was my fault i was also taking physiology so it was hard to balance the two courses. The second time around i stopped skipping class and actually put in the study time and it was fine! She is fast paced but she tells you exactly what to study for the tests and gives EC!
3.5 : Great professor and passable class but you really have to study if you want an A. Multiple choice exams with online hw for every unit. She does hand out practice exams before each test and chapter worksheets which are very helpful. Lectures are long and fast, Id recommend recording them.
4.0 : great professor. would recommend to anyone. just show up and pay attention. i also would recommend printing the notes out before going to class. Go to SI, it'll help understand things if you aren't getting it
5.0 : A lot of people found this class difficult but it was easy for me personally. I ended class with above a 100% because she gives plenty of extra credit opportunities. She teaches well and has clear expectations. She even gives tests from previous year as a study guide. Really enjoyed her class.
3.5 : Fast paced class, but appropriately so. Go to class. She gives a lot of extra credit.  She's a very clear but you have to think and understand the material. It's a pretty easy class (if you took the 3a3b series, it'll be a bit harder). Also, taking physiology and genetics first would make this class a breeze.
2.5 : The whole semester she rushed through the chapters. I basically taught myself by reading the book, which was very helpful. Throughout the semester I had a C but I did well on the last test and on the final and an A in lab and it brought my grade up to an A. Study Study Study. Make sure you understand each chapter because the final is cumulative.
5.0 : She talks very fast. Get used to it. I'd suggest printing out the slides because it's difficult to keep up by hand. She has a study sheet for EVERY chapter you cover. There are multiple chances for extra credit. Personally, I didn't need the book, but show up to class. She gives plenty of information on her slides. Online HW involved.
5.0 : Fast talker but is more than happy to stop and repeat if you ask.  She gives a review handout for every chapter and the studyguide for each exam is the exam she used the previous semester so you have a good idea of what type of questions she asks.  Don't skip lecture, you will miss a lot!  The book is needed much as long as you pay attention.
4.0 : Who ever wants the real deal read this.  I liked her style she had all her lectures on power points, gave examples when lecturing, gives out extra credit, and has a study guide. The study guides help tremendously for tests BUT sometimes the tests would be harder. Going to office hours helps a lot. In order to get a good grade you have to STUDYYYY
4.0 : Dr. Gray is one of the best professors I've ever had. Yes, she does go fast at times but overall she's great! Lectures are great, she gives a study guide and a practice test for each of the 4 exams which can be tricky if you don't study. If you don't understand, just ask! She'll explain without a problem. She also gives extra credit. DO IT! STUDY!
4.0 : "You should remember this from Chem 1A" is a line you will hear multiple times. She goes super fast, print out the lecture note ahead of time. She assumes your chem 1a class went through every chapter efficiently enough to keep you up to her speed. Our first exam averaged a 68, but since 1 person got a 100%, there was no curve added.
4.0 : A good professor &amp; knows what she's doing. Goes through everything you need to know so its really important to listen during lectures. Be in class because iclickers are used for participation &amp; quizzes. She has study guides &amp; practice tests for the tests which help. For example: 1 question from a practice test was on one of my tests.
5.0 : Dr. Gray is a fine teacher who knows her subject well, does her best to make you understand material that both you and she know is difficult, and is easy to talk to.  Yes, she talks very fast when she lectures, but doesn't blow her stack or even get annoyed if you interrupt to ask a question.  Do the work, study hard and you should be fine.
5.0 : Dr Gray was a good instructor for a challenging course. She does however speed through her lectures so you have to keep up but she will stop and clarify if you didn't quite understand something. Homework is online. She has a quiz after every chapter. Tests however are HARD make sure you study well in advance for them.
5.0 : Dr. Gray once again is my favorite professor! Had her for Chem 1A, decided to take her for Chem 150 and I'm glad I did! Her lectures are very helpful and she will gladly explain if you're lost. She offers extra credit. This class is A LOT of memorization and she did her best to make it easier. Gives practice exams and study guides for every exam.
5.0 : Biochem was difficult, but I enjoyed it. If you want an A, you will have to work for it. Do ALL of the worksheets that she provides. We got an awesome SI leader and she was incredibly helpful. Gray covers a lot, but she also tells you everything you need to know for her exams. I wouldn't take biochem with anyone else even if they were "easier".
1.0 : Worst Chem 1a teacher by far, first of all the class is hard enough without a professor trying to cram every little detail into 1 hr and 15 mins . Professor gray doesn't care if you understand the material just that she gets through it. She is good at explaining one to one but it you ask to many questions she gets easily annoyed. AVOID AT ALL COST.
4.0 : Really good teacher, but you have to study her lectures, she writes her own test, i would recommend recording her lectures.  Doesn't curve, some extra credit opportunities, provides study guides for test
4.0 : Dr. Gray is very nice but also very firm. Lots of homework but offers extra credit points. Daily iclicker questions so attendance is mandatory. Lets you replace a test for a better grade but if you do worse on the exam she uses the lesser grade. Very very quick lecturer. If she doesn't cover something you better read cause it will be on exam.
5.0 : Uses iClicker for participation and quizzes! Straightforward with her lectures, exams are quite challenging. Stay on track or you will get lost, the lectures build up on itself. HIGHLY recommend going to SI Sessions. It's the equivalent of AP Chemistry just university level. Office hours were alright, online hw &amp; textbook optional.
4.0 : She's honestly a good professor but what makes this class hard is the fact that she does NOT curve at all! You really have to work hard for your grade and try to do pretty well on all of the exams! My advice take advantage of the extra credit she offers as well as the hw ohh and go to class!
5.0 : Fast talker a lot of work has to be done on your own time, not enough time in lecture. She tries to cover everything that will be in the tests. Participation matters, clicker tracks attendance and gives points. Quizzes are done through clicker. She is genuinely a good professor and person and demands to be treated with respect and seriousness.
5.0 : Dr. Gray is an amazing professor. There is a lot of content to cover so the class is fast paced and memorization heavy. 4 quizzes and 4 exams (don't underestimate quizzes). Online homework is short and sweet. Lots of extra credit and opportunities to improve grade. Study her slides in detail! She is very clear about what you're expected to know.
4.0 : @ CollegeoftheSequoias Relatively easy class. Many quizzes and a few exams. All on blackboard. Make friends, take exams as a group. I missed some quizzes which was a big mistake. A good amount of extra credit given, but essential to attend class to learn how to get it. Participation is a grade, so go to class or have someone sign in for you.
4.0 : Professor Yockey definitely makes an online class so much easier to take. Well organized, and has clear instructions for every module. His video lectures are life-savers. Highly recommend to take notes while watching lectures. Homework is not required, but also recommend to practice. Test are simple if you study. Overall, great class!
5.0 : Literally 1 of the best professors I've ever had at Fresno State. Actually cares about the success of students; not there just to collect a paycheck. Syllabus is clear, modules easy to follow. Lecture videos slow on Vimeo, but just install the "Vimeo repeat &amp; speed" by Rudie Dirkx, Chrome Plug-in &amp; watch videos on 2X. Wish more profs were like him.
5.0 : One of the best online classes I've ever taken. Don't be scared away by computer based stats. His textbook is mandatory, but it is literally a step-by-step guide on how to do the work. Very easy to follow and understand. 3 "projects", which are basically written tests but if you follow the lecture with the book you will do fine. He makes stats easy
5.0 : Great professor! Makes the concepts super easy to understand, you just have to do your part by watching the lectures, taking notes, and doing the homework (optional but highly recommended). I was never a fan of statistics but taking this course with Prof. Yockey really made my viewpoints change and now I love stats. Who would've thunk it? lol.
5.0 : Dr. Yockey is a great professor that will help you with anything you need to help you succeed in this course. However this class is not easy you have to study and do the homework otherwise you are screwed. He makes himself available as much as possible through email and office hours. He even will give you advice if you are a Psych major like myself
5.0 : I am terrible at math. I don't know what it is about Professor Yockey, but I did SO well in his class. As long as you keep up with lectures without falling behind, there's no way that you couldn't pass his class. He drops 2 lowest quizzes, and has two projects, which are essentially like take home tests. Very clear and concise. Awesome Professor!
5.0 : Dr. Yockey is a fantastic professor. I took his psych 42 class and it was great. Makes his online lectures available in three different ways so you can choose which you like the best. Offers extra credit quiz. Final is NOT cumulative, huge thumbs up for that. Homework is optional, quiz every three weeks. Awesome guy and super available.
4.0 : Unorganized, there is a lot of simple assignment some which you can turn in late, 3 group project, exams are identical to online quizzes and a short essay. Won't know your grade til end semester.  He never answers emails,used book for like 1 assignment
4.5 : He's a great guy, Very helpful with his students and very kind man.  The writing assignments he provided are easy just the formal paper that's hard. If you put a lot effort and to it you pass the class. Overall the easiest upper division W course to take. Mr mohle is the best.
1.5 : Get ready to work!!!
2.0 : Take it with someone you know since you need a group for the whole semester. So much group work assigned and you don't really learn from his lectures. If you can, take it with someone else.
4.5 : Mohle is so legit! Tough but fair! Don't try to push him over! He's such a nice guy and is very fair with his students! Do all the mini assignments and group projects! Quizzes are basically the tests! So study those and you'll pass all the exams. Only one paper do at the end of the semester! Take him!
1.0 : This class in extremely unorganized. Textbook is not needed. He is not very helpful and basically almost all the group projects and papers are due before the final. This course is not difficult, but because there is no order it is a pain in the neck. He takes forever to grade items and don't bother emailing him, you will not receive a response.
4.5 : A lot of work, but grades fair!!!!
1.0 : He was extremely unorganized. He ran late to class often and would cancel one hour before class was to be started. We did not know our grade until the end of the semester. The lectures were a joke because he would ramble on about his own personal life.
4.0 : This professor rambled on the whole 3 hours of class but you have to sit through it if you want the 5 points from in class assignments. There are group assignments and hw assignments that are fairly easy. Tests are same questions as the online quizzes.
5.0 : I absolutely LOVE Dr. Mobili.  I took him for Span 1 A &amp; was fortunate enough to have the opportunity to take Humanities with him.  He is so professional, and ALWAYS willing to help.  He was hands down my favorite professor at FSU.  He is kind hearted and helped me out by writing me a letter of recommendation for grad school.  Take his classes.
5.0 : Awesome professor! I wish I'd had him for Spanish 1A!! He really cares about his students and he really cares that you get and understand the lesson. One of the few professors on campus that can actually teach. Go to class, he makes you participate (but its really not that bad), he's funny and genuine, and he is very clear about due dates. Take it!
5.0 : This is a really easy class. He really cares about the students and wants everyone to succeed. Show up to class and you will be fine. The homework is online and half of it is what we go over in class. He goes over what will be on each quiz, so if you show up to class no reason to do bad. Really lenient on papers as well.
5.0 : Great professor!!!
3.0 : He is passionate about his field. Class is good and he goes through everything, but sometimes there are quite a few things on the test that he might've not gone into detail about. 3 tests + 1 paper. Class is mandatory with only 2 unexcused absences. Participation counts, he adds it into attendance. Just being there doesn't get you full attn points.
5.0 : Super easy class and a really cool professor. He likes it when students participate in a class conversation and express their opinion. Overall he's pretty chill and funny. Not a lot of work, easy A. Just go to class because he takes attendance
4.0 : Professor Amaro is a very caring and passionate man. Most of the class is presenting and he rarely lectures. He only really asks one research paper and the rest is just daily submissions that aren't bad at all and you have to present a few times. Overall he's super funny and very nice. He's one of my favorites. He does take a while to grade though.
5.0 : He's funny and hardly lectures. 75% of the time people present . One 5 paged research paper which was easy! Take him!
5.0 : I really enjoyed Professor Amaro's CLAS 9 class as it was fun and interesting. He was very clear on what he wanted as well as when his assignments were due. This class was full of extra credit opportunities and understandable assignments. Attendance is mandotory but you can miss class 3 times before penalty. You will love his class
5.0 : This class wasn't hard at all and the information learned was interesting, Professor Amaro was amazing and very accommodating. We had two online tests which were straight out of the book. He gives a lot of extra credit opportunities and doesn't grade hard at all. Two papers that weren't too bad and daily pathbrite submissions.
5.0 : He is really nice and understanding. Tests, quizzes, and assignments are straightforward. Come to class, do the work, participate and  get an easy A! Highly recommend this professor!!!
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had here at Fresno State. Very funny, engaging, and makes class fun whilst learning about marketing.
5.0 : He's the best not a super easy class but if you do what he says you will get a good grade
5.0 : Hes the best
1.5 : She seems friendly, but her tests are assembled in a slipshod manner, leaving them instructionally vague. The terminology used in textbooks contrasts with what she uses in-class, creating unnecessary confusion. Multiple choice answers are ambiguously written, and the information she provides online to compliment learning is sparse and unorganized.
5.0 : Professor Peterson is a very good at explaining things.  She knows her stuff and I enjoyed coming to the class.  You have to write 3 papers and there are 3 exams including the final.  She helps you get prepared for each exam and wants you to do good.  I would take her again in a heartbeat!
5.0 : Always go class because she grade attendance every day. No extra credit no matter what you ask. Just study the online hw, every thing will be on the exam 1, exam 2, exam 3, and final exam 4. It was not easy as you expect with no study. The easy A is study hw on the exam but it was a little confuse. Not exactly the same but its a little similar.
4.0 : Remember if you get in this class. If you try the first exam 1 you got low or low score on exam 2. Be prepare to drop because you will automatically fail this class. Some people said it is easy but multiple choice also include two pages essay on each exam. You will fail if you don't study. Chose another class have extra credit or more easier.
5.0 : I loved this class its pretty straight forward. Amazing teacher I would definitely recommended her class!! Its an easy A if you study the study guide and key terms because the study guide is the test! 3 exams + final nd 1 main assignment nd 3 small ones teaching lessons but over all great class and be ready to learn alot !(:
5.0 : She's the best! Class is straightforward, informative, and useful. You WILL learn a lot. A very fair grader; bases grades on a points system. 4 exams, but final is optional. Study guides provided for each exam. If you take very good notes, then you will not need the book as much. Attend class, do the assignments, and study hard and you will pass!
4.0 : Mrs. Peterson is a very kind teacher. She has a lot of experience in her field. Show up to her class, take notes, and you will do fine. Lectures are kind of boring but they are easy to follow. Print out her test study guide and know the material on there and you will do good on tests.
5.0 : Dr. Peterson is an AMAZING professor! Her lectures were sometimes boring, but they were clear &amp; everything she'd talk about would be on the tests. Study the study guide and you will pass. Ask questions, and she will answer it as best as she could. She communicated greatly with her students. A very easy A.
4.5 : 3 exams, drops one, and comprehensive final. She gives a study guide and if you study that you should be fine for exams. Homework's are easy only 3 or 4. One paper about newspaper article. Do NOT need the book just go to class and take notes, she explains concepts well.
1.0 : She says "RIGHT" like almost every sentence, &amp; she talks way too fast!! She also gives a lot of work. I guess she's okay. But I honestly can't concentrate on lecture because of the way she speaks. Not being rude or anything.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had at Fresno state. She assigns easy assignments instead of having you read difficult economics books. If you do the easy hw and watch the videos online, the next day in lecture will be easier to understand! The only way not to pass her is if you skip class a lot and don't do at least 20min of hw every other day.
3.0 : Dr. Peterson is a great professor but the lectures were very boring. She talks way to fast and she's very strict. The homework are very easy and so are the tests. Be aware that you'll have to write essays in every exam. Sometimes in the middle of lecture she'll forget what she was saying and she'll have to ask the students. Get ready for Pop quiz
4.5 : Professor Peterson is wonderful! She is very educated when it comes to economics and she teaches it in a way that applies to everyday life. She will give you a study guide and everything on there will be on the test. You also have a two part essay question. I hated those, but they're not that bad. Study the material and you'll be okay. Take notes!
4.5 : Dr. Peterson is one of the best econ professors at CSU Fresno. She is a great lecturer and her classes are never boring. She really knows the subject matter and explains it fairly easily. Few assignments and 4 tests (drops 1). There is always something new and interesting to learn. Highly recommend her. You will learn so much more than you think.
3.5 : Dr. Peterson is a fine educator of economics history. She is precise, and is clear in expectations that she wants from her students. Dr. Peterson is extremely knowledgeable, and will provide just the right amount of information that's needed to her students. I appreciate Dr. Peterson knowledge and am glad you have her in the economics department.
5.0 : This class is easy if you go to class and do the (little) homework. The entire grade is out of 400 points total-360 from 4 tests(90 points each) and 40 points off of the homework. The homework consists of watching a few short videos and answering a few questions, it only takes about 15 total minutes per week. The tests can be extremely easy A's.
4.5 : Dr. Peterson was a great professor! 4 exams in total including the Final. Each exam was 50 questions based on the chapters she went over, the first 3 exams also includes a two part essay which was quite easy. Study guide for every exam. Make sure you aren't absent! Attendance is key! I didn't even buy the text book. Take good notes!
4.5 : I honestly was not interested in the class and kinda "had to" take it. But it turned out the nice. The exams were fair and an average amount of studying paid of. Study guids were helpful. Her quizzes are super easy.  My only problem was to focus and it is hard to stay awake when you are a little bit tired. Sometimes she is a little bit monotonous.
5.0 : As a 2005 MCJ graduate and working professional in mass communications, I can say Jim Tucker's editing course was one of, if not the, most valuable classes I've ever taken. He's a great person, pays attention to detail and gives students the opportunity to learn from a true professional.
4.5 : Just complete every weekly module, take the quizzes and you'll be good!
5.0 : Do all the modules and you'll be fine. One major paper, but it is not that bad.
3.5 : This professor was very helpful and very fair with his exams and quizzes. There were weekly modules to do, but they weren't that bad. He is really nice and does a lot to help you pass.
5.0 : This class was not bad. 1 module every week, expect hw questions from the readings (easy), quizzes (2 attempts), 2 online midterms (gives a good study guide), the final was on campus (allows a notecard with notes). The only "hard"part for me was a 2,000 word paper. The topic can be anything (volcanoes, dinosaurs lol) he has an intense rubric for it
5.0 : Super easy class, easy GE fulfillment. One DB post and a quiz every week. DB post is 100 words, and quiz is not timed and can be taken twice. Easy A if you just stay on top of due dates. Final is on dead days; which is nice because you can get the class completed and out of the way so you can focus on studying for in-class exams. Highly recommend.
5.0 : I took this class online and he was always very quick to email me back when I had questions and was super nice. If you do the weekly homework and short quizzes, the 2 exams are not hard. Everything is straight out of the book so you just have to read through it and you'll do great.
3.5 : Fairly straightforward online class. Not the most prompt grader so don't worry too much about it. Class is interesting and Dr. Mcconnico's class shouldn't bring down your GPA. Gives you 2 attempts on the quizzes, exact study guides for the first 2 midterms, etc. Definitely would take again and the discussions were fun on blackboard.
4.0 : No to bad. Class really isn't hard, as long as you do the work each week you will pass. He does take forever to grade things, you get 2 chances on test, those are about the only grades you get right away (b/c BB grades them) He does answer emails fairly quickly. I would recommend this class
4.5 : Took this for upper-division G.E. and it was very easy. Professor McConnico always responded to my emails right away. Two tests and a final that were all easy. He had study guides for all of them. Weekly modules that consisted of homework, quiz, and DB. Very easy, just do it! One paper that wasn't so bad. I would recommend him!
5.0 : Homework answers come straight from the book. Exams have study guides with everything on them. The paper is pretty easy, and not much is required for it. This is a great class to take for upper division GE.
2.5 : Dr. Judith Tucker is a nice professor. However her grading is ridiculous. These ratings are probably old because this lady grades really hard on discussion boards/essays that are suppose to be easy to write. It kind of makes me angry that this teacher makes it more than it really is.
3.0 : Her class is a 50/50. Although the essay has to be in APA format. I had a problem about the essay margin because I did put it in 1 inch but she just kept saying its shorter and my reference is not APA when I got the sample from the library. Office hours are to be schedule only. Overall, she's sweet &amp; nice to talk to.
4.0 : Professor Tucker is a great teacher. I took her night class so lectures were long however she made them interesting. She has a good sense of humor. Class was not difficult if you took notes and skimmed through the book. 3 tests, two papers and some short hw writing assignments. She did give one extra credit assignment. I recommend.
3.0 : Nice lady, but will have to study hard. I went to every class period, did all hw. did extra credit and ended up w a B.
2.0 : Do not take this professor online. Absolutely horrible!! Grades too strict on students and constantly changes her mind about grades submits one grade and later changes it. Save your time and money and take somebody else.
3.0 : Very easy class. 1 1000 word paper on why are juveniles delinquent, midterm test 85 questions, and final was 74 questions. She didn't assign anything else but you do need to take notes on her power points. She gives study guides and lets you use all your notes for the midterm and final. She is a very easy teacher and I would recommend her.
1.0 : Do not take her class. She grade hard and does not reply back to emails when you need help.
4.5 : Professor Tucker is a wonderful teacher. She requires a textbook, but it was super cheap; I only paid around 15 dollars for a used copy. You'll have a much easier time understanding if you have read the book, and she usually reviews what's in the readings, more often than not. I'd recommend her, I find her lectures and experiences interesting!
4.5 : Good lectures, logs of in class activities.  Very nice and ver helpful.
5.0 : GREAT PROFESSOR! She is so helpful and nice, and really cares about her students.  She lectures with powerpoints put on Blackboard, so use those for review! There is a quiz or in class assignment almost every class, but its for extra credit class participation.  I didn't buy the small book, and did great just using the powerpoints.  TAKE W HER!
4.5 : Go to every class for the notes. If you miss class, get the notes from someone-- everything on the test comes from the slides. No need for book. 1 major paper due on the week of finals. Easy teacher and helpful. Lectures are short and he keeps you interested in the subject matter. Study hard for test; there are only two.
5.0 : Great professor, Just go to class take notes and you will get an A.
3.5 : His class is really easy. You don't need the book, you just need to show up to class and get the notes. The test is based on the notes he gives in class. The tests are easy. There is a small 8-10 paper due at the end. Besides that there is not any homework
3.0 : Very low stress level class, I mean all there was was 2 tests and a paper and attendance was not mandatory. He does talk about himself a lot, people could either take it as cockiness or arrogance, but I thought his stories were really interesting. Chill guy, he does swear and is extremely sarcastic, so if you have a sense of humor you should be ok
2.5 : The guy is full of himself. He's done more than Albert Einstein did in his whole life, according to him. He went off of the power point, no need to buy the book, none of the material is in there. Attendance is not madatory, but since the midterm and Final are based on slides, you should probably go.
5.0 : Class was easy! show up ALWAYS so you can take notes! Tests are exactly from the notes! NO reason to fail. CRYSTAL CLEAR TEACHING! Funny stories nice guy, and extremely laid back. 2 Test midterm and Final two papers one due on midterm other on final! :) no homework EASY A! :)) Syllabus on point! no Surprises! TAKE IT! :) Easy and great professor!
4.0 : Makes everything clear from the jump. Grading criteria and tests and essays were open note. Failing is impossible. Once you complete the narrative essays he gives his opinion on it and his feedback. Only issue was is that you didn't know your grade until after the final, that was the only downfall, and you was always worried if you were passing.
5.0 : Ryan is a cool professor. Very nice and a fair grader. Tests are entirely from the notes taken in class. Just make sure to show up and take good notes or get the notes from someone in class because he doesn't post them on BB.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've taken! Had a MWF class and he only made it a MW class, a midterm, final, and 8 paper due the day of the final. Easy class, must go to class to take notes for tests. Must take! Bought textbook, didn't need it.
4.5 : One of the best teachers I've had, very passionate his voice keeps you awake sometimes. The material can be difficult but he is always willing to help and really does care which is refreshing. I even felt guilty when I didn't do so well sometimes, wish I could have him for all accounting classes!
5.0 : Dr. Lin is one of the best Accounting professors that I have ever met!! He is sooo amazing that he will clarify everything to you. If you have any question you can stop by during his office time or you can make an appointment with him. I love his class, though accounting 120A is a really hard class.
4.0 : Energetic and genuinely passionate about the subject - hard to come by sometimes.  Knows a lot and knows it well; sometimes he can get carried away and move quickly during lectures. He is willing to slow down and work with you.  The class itself is probably the toughest accounting class you are required to take, but I benefited  from his teaching.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have taken. He cares a lot about his students and is willing to help you.  We had connect homework for every chapter and can check your work 5 times! He provides a study guide for the exam which are extremely helpful for the exam. The study guides are the same format as the exam.
2.5 : Yes he knows his stuff but I don't think he is a good teacher. I feel like he over lectures and jumps aroundwhich just makes everything confusing. Gives sample exams in identical format to the exams but a lot of fill ins and recreate financial statements. All this with NO notes! Now are we being tested on accounting or on our memorization skills??
5.0 : He is very nice and he takes the time to explain everything clearly to his students. I would definitely recommend him!
5.0 : He is an awesome teacher! Has an accent, but you can still understand him clearly. Would recommend him!!
5.0 : Dr. Lin is far the most amazing instructor! He is always helpful. He responds emails quickly and he would try his hardest to help students understand the material. He is so passionate and enthusiastic.
5.0 : He is so nice and caring!
5.0 : best accounting professor at Fresno State
5.0 : Excellent professor, I am an accounting major and I never felt like I understood accounting until I took his class. I easily learned more about accounting in one semester than I had my entire time at Fresno State. He will get you ready for the real world. Loved his class, it is tough but for the right reasons. He also is very caring and helpful!
5.0 : He is a great teacher! Will take the time to meet with you and help you if you don't understand something. Would recommend!
5.0 : He is an excellent teacher. He really want the students to succeed in his class. Reach out to him and ask him question if you need some clarification on his lecture.
3.0 : Dr. Pomaville wasn't that hard but you really have to take good notes to pass her tests. Doesn't give you study guides,  tests are based on lectures. I found myself always over studying for her tests which were 3 tests total. 1st and final exam worth 50 points.  2nd test 75 pts. Tests are ALL FILL INESSAY STATE so study!
5.0 : By the time you get to this class, you're learning the stuff you will to really need know to succeed in your chosen career. Dr. Pomaville is great at making this information very clear and practical. The textbook she co-wrote is full of helpful resources and protocols which I will probably be using the rest of my life.
4.5 : He is a very good teacher.  Class is fair and not too difficult considering the material.  He finds good ways of keeping the material interesting.  He can be a little too much at times.  Overall I strongly suggest taking 144 with him.
4.5 : Dr. Walker cares for his students! Every lecture you learned something beneficial to your life 1 paper that is worked on all semester follow his guidelines easy A! 11 quizzes usually every two days so go to class &amp; pay attention to lectures! Overall easy class and a laid back professor :)
5.0 : david is great!he explains things so well.. he's a bit unorganized but hey, no one is perfect. he's super clear with what is going to be on the test and will do whatever he can to try to help you out with the material! he owns some tutoring company so he's just a great person that can explain things down to simple terms and not make you feel stupid
5.0 : One word - AWESOME. I was a bit nervous about taking Physics but he made it fun and interesting and best of all not intimidating. He teaches you to think outside the box and apply things. He's not for everyone - if you're obsessed with syllabi, textbooks, always on schedule etc. His priority is learning and understanding science. I learned so much!
5.0 : I took Mr. Elms class at Fresno City I was in his intro to physics class. He's a really good teacher. He helps you with homework and stays after class if you have questions. He also makes the class interesting rather its by doing experiments/demonstrations or telling jokes related to the material or past experiences.
2.0 : This teacher will fail you if u miss more than 10 days. I didn't take him seriously when he said this at the beginning of the semester, but when my B ended up as an F as my final grade I regretted not taking that info seriously. Semester long CD critique project is easy, 2 weeks tops needed for completion. Open note tests. DONT BUY BOOK! never used
5.0 : Karr is one of the best professors I've had at Fresno State. He really knows his stuff and is amazing at explaining musical concepts to non-musical people. Very funny and easy-going. The term paper was not too hard and he allowed corrections to improve your grade. I would take another class with him in a heartbeat and recommend him to anyone!
5.0 : Dr. Karr is a wonderful teacher. He is brilliant and gave very interesting lectures.
5.0 : If you're looking for an easy class and teacher then he's the one. He allows you to use notes on the test so there's no reason for you to fail. He also has a homework where you have to listen to 80 songs (perhaps more or less, can't remember) and write a few things about it, but you have the whole semester to do it so it's not hard.
4.5 : You're allowed 6 absences but you need to show up unless you plan on reading. I never did. There was only 1, short paper that you could revise twice and listening sheets for 80 songs. 2 tests are mandatory and the third is optional.
5.0 : Overall an easy A class, just show up every day, you're allowed 6 absences but you'll need to go to class to pass the tests. Take good notes because sometimes he lets you use them on test, and if you're happy with your grade you don't have to take the final, only one paper, super easy.
5.0 : Such a cool dude! One of the best classes I've ever taken, you learn a lot but Karr keeps it super entertaining. I would take this class and this prof over again. Take him if you want a good class with not too much work and a great teacher.
4.5 : This class is awesome. Karr knows his stuff and gets into his lectures. Everything you need to know he writes on the board, tests are straight forward, and only one essay all semester. Great class. He does take roll, but this class is so fun you want to come. If you like rock n roll, take this class! You will love it!
5.0 : Amazing teacher! His lectures are very enjoyable to listen to, and it is easy to follow along and take notes. Make sure you don't miss a lot of classes and get started on the listening notes early on in the semester.
3.5 : easy class. up to 6 absences. only 3 tests but takes the score of the best 2. tests are based on notes in class. don't buy the textbook. one essay that is really easy. DO THE LISTENING SHEETS!!
4.0 : Took his online class and everything was pretty clear on what he wanted. 14 online quizzes of 15-20 questions and are timed with 20 mins each. first 7 are due by march and the last are due by end of semester. They are straight from the book and no trick questions. 1 paper of 2500 words. overall, just keep up with pace
5.0 : class was composed of 14 short quizzes, 1 final of previous questions that you already seen, and a paper of 2500-3000 words around 10-13 pages of a choice of 4 topics. Fair grader on the paper. ended up with an A on the paper since I followed instructions and wrote only what he wanted such as local valley impact. Read the HELP FOR A BETTER PAPER
4.0 : Chapter tests each week. He provides slides, videos, and study guides. Get busy on your paper early. The quizzes are timed, just a heads-up. No homework, except the paper. Comprehensive final, but it's from all the previous quizzes.
4.0 : Class is very straight forward. The only assignments are quizes that correspond to the chapters. There are 14 quizes, one midtem, one paper and a final. Professor answers emails farely quickly. My advice is to stay on top of the work and do not procrastinate. Save all quizses because they are essentially the final. Must buy book!
4.0 : At first I didn't think anything of this professor, but as time went on you could tell he was a caring teacher, and nice guy. NO homework in this class! One 8 page paper on a environmental public health issue of your choice. He also gives extra credit if you watch certain documentaries and write a short paper on them.
5.0 : Weekly quizzes. 2 term papers with topics provided by him. Easy class as long as you don't fall behind. Two homework. No office hours. Entirely online. He responds to email quickly as long as you provide the correct subject. The term paper has to be between 1200 to 1500 words. Tough grader on grammars and spellings. Overall, he is nice.
5.0 : Super great teacher! He seems like a relatable, caring person. NO homework, just weekly quizzes that are super easy, two term papers (also easy), and a final. HIGHLY recommend taking Mr. Boswell.
4.0 : Online class is super easy! Weekly module quizzes which are cake. 2 term papers, I would suggest to research early. Final was 127 questions, but all questions were from previous module quizzes. No extra credit. Responds to emails pretty much within a day or two.
5.0 : One of my favorite professor. He is really awesome.
5.0 : Best Spanish Professor that I met. Great work Mr. Sandoval!
4.5 : Be prepared to write and write and write some more.  He edits all drafts and then you have to make revisions galore!  Though it's a lot of work, he definitely helped me improve my writing. I would recommend him highly.  Also all the ideas are great and help you out in life.
5.0 : Straight forward professor.  If you go to class, take good notes and pay attention, you'll do well. He's very funny and class time goes fast.  Took a summer school class with him.
5.0 : I had him as a professor years ago. He was by far the most talented yet approachable Spanish Prof at Fresno State.  If you have a class with him, soak it all up.
5.0 : I took a class with professor Saul a couple of years ago and it was the best Spanish class ever. Too bad he is not teaching anymore. Hopefully he goes back to teaching because students need to have more professors like him.  I had to read A LOT for his class, but he explained all the material really well...
4.0 : Pretty chill teacher, but won't put up with anybody's crap. Class was pretty easy, but sorta boring. My only real complaint is that she screwed up with putting in my midterm grade and that's what gave me the "D". Pretty pissed that she never corrected it.
3.5 : Very Chill and fun teacher.  Easy A.  Just do her work and field trip you'll pass.  Mid-term was too easy.  and no book is required! Her attendance is not mandatory but if you want to learn better come to her lectures because she will give you answer for you questions on study guide.
5.0 : Great!
5.0 : A visionary.
4.0 : Yeah. this isn't one of those classes where you can sit in the corner quietly and get away with it. Even when you dont want to you are going to participate in discussions. The group projects were no where near difficult just be aware of who you choose as your partner. If it wasn't for the lecture hall itself I would say  its been my favorite course
5.0 : Take this class. Take ANY class he teaches. Your whole outlook on life will change.
5.0 : Does he even need another review? Great professor!
5.0 : If there is one class you will remember with fondness from your CSUF experience, THIS WILL BE IT. You learn so much effortlessly, almost without realizing it. Dr. Kharbawy is what all professors should be.
5.0 : Absolute genius. Nothing less.
5.0 : wow.. wow.. wow!
5.0 : He sure knows how to give a lecture
5.0 : What you need to know: 1) This course is as good as everyone says, 2) Dr. Kharbawy is as good as everyone says. Articulate, dedicated, and charismatic all in one.
5.0 : Finally,  a professor who has both real world experience and academic expertise. I really like the way he gives a lecture. Very interesting. He shows you how much BS you eat up every day without questioning and critical thinking. Youll forget a lot of what you learn in most your other classes. NOT in his.
5.0 : Take this course. Dr. K is a pro. Not just a good professor, but also a good man.
5.0 : Kurt Madden made IS130 enjoyable. I loved his class and he is funny at times, but most of all he is nice and you learn a decent amount from him. The class isn't an easy A but it is an easy pass for sure. I highly recommend taking him if you can, just show up to every class and keep up on the assignments and you'll be golden.
5.0 : Great professor who makes class enjoyable. Took the night class and it was great. Every week he assigns an in class assignment that are super easy, and a quiz after class. Open book tests and no real HW aside from the quizzes. Cool guy too, really knowledgable
5.0 : Xong is a great professor!  She's very nice and funny. Her lectures are not bad and shows videos, which goes with the lectures. Gives extra credit. One midterm and a final exam. One presentation which comes with your 8 page essay. Great with emailing her students back. Very easy class!
4.0 : Kind, listens to the students, experienced in the field. Took the course as an Upper G.E. and found this field of work very interesting. 1 midterm, 1 final, 8 page paper pretty much about yourself.  Not to much work, but you get a lot out of her lectures. Videos to go along with the lectures.
5.0 : Professor Moua is very approachable and a fair grader. Her assignments are very simple as she understands how busy most students are. You will learn quite a bit about oppression, other cultures, and social work in her class. Highly recommended.
4.0 : Professor Moua is an awesome professor. She really cares about her students. You will learn a lot from her. Lectures were very interesting. The assignments aren't difficult. There is a 10 page paper due at the end of the semester and it's about oneself. There are 2 exams, the midterm and final. I highly recommend Professor Moua!!!
4.0 : This professor is amazing. She makes you feel very comfortable in her class and I love how she is so diverse and an advocate person! Easy class. I recommend it.
4.0 : Heyne is a great teacher! Yeah her lectures are extremely and painfully boring, but she does her best to make sure you pass. You have 3 online quizzes, only 2 are mandatory, you can take the third for EC. And we took three tests. Attendance is mandatory, I attended class everyday and I'm pretty sure she boost my grade up for that :)
5.0 : She is the best teacher I've had in college so far. She made quizzes and tests easy and made lectures very interesting. Never even purchased the book and passed with a solid A+. Honestly this was the class I looked forward to. Even though I basically only showed up for tests the later half of the semester, I would love taking her class again.
5.0 : Great teacher. had no interest in taking this class but i liked her from a previous class. have to read bits and pieces of books but it helps you in the long run. a lot of writing but not dreadful. you get to use notecard for your tests and you have some small writing assignments. take her if you take this class.
4.5 : Dr. Heyne was an excellent teacher.  She has lively attitude and can be quite funny at times.  She is very fair and lenient on tests.  You will have to be fast at taking notes because she goes through the material VERY quickly.  Don't bother buyingrenting the book - she bases her tests off of her lectures.  I never even opened my rental copy.
4.5 : gives very thorough lectures and has a passion for history. comes into class every day with a smile on her face, more eager to be there than most students. If your attention span isn't great you might lose her. assigns a lot of 1 to 2 page papers so don't be surprised by that. They're easy and she just wants to know that you understand the topic.
3.5 : Class is very easy she can be very scattered brain. Optional class on friday, have to complete 10 out of 15 quizzes, 4 exams, final is cumulative. gives out study guides. sometimes there is in class assignments.
5.0 : This professor is fantastc!!! She is caring and easy going. Her grading is not tough at all if you do your online quizes and essay like you are suppose to.  I have been attending Fresno State for almost 3 years and none of my professors are as amazing as her. She is super nice and understable if you let her know your situation ahead of time.
5.0 : Unlike most instructors who actually want you to fail, she truly cares about student success. Put in the slightest effort and you will learn about geology and our planet. She is the Te Fiti among instructors. Please don't make her become the Te Ka (she already loves volcanoes). She teaches in a way that is real, not monotone or robotic. Thank you!
3.0 : Pretty much read the section, take a quiz, and answer 5 hw Qs every week. Gives study guide before each exam, so take the time to really find the answers to it. She tries to make it really similar to the test. Tests are timed and open for 3-4 days. 1 2000 word paper on any geologic topic. Grades really slow but keeps everyone updated.
4.0 : 2 exams and  final. She gives study guides that are very similar to the exams. A 2000 word paper on any geologic topic. A weekly blackboard assignment that are 5 questions and a weekly blackboard quiz. Slow but easy grader. Do the work and you'll pass.
1.0 : Worst professor I've EVER taken! Incredibly unorganized and sporadically responds to emails. She didn't follow her syllabus and even said she was going to revise it, but did not. Used an expensive (long chpts) online textbook! Weekly readings and quizzes and one 5-7 page research paper (she graded rough draft the day before final one was due).
5.0 : Professor Workman-Ford is the best! I loved her. She made the lectures so easy to follow. Its not mandatory to attend class, but you miss important information that is not in the textbook when you miss. I never missed her class and I got an A. She offers a couple of extra credit opportunities throughout the semester. study guidetest
5.0 : Shes awesome. Very laid back. Tests can be difficult, but study guides are offered.  Magaly, the Lab TA, is hands down the best at what she does. Shes so sweet, fun, and engaging! I feel like she helped save my grade for the course since Im a terrible test taker.
5.0 : Sands is one of the best and most caring Professors on campus. she is passionate about her class, loves engaging with her students, and will help you with anything. a real caring woman
5.0 : I hope one day I can learn to behave with as much dignity as this professor and show as much respect towards other human beings. Her attitude is totally professional and yet warm and friendly. Impecable.
5.0 : Dr. Sands is amazing!!! she is one of the raddest teachers i have ever taken. her teaching and her method is very inspiring even for those who do not speak spanish fluently. If you ever need to take a spanish class, Dr. Sands is totally recommended!!!
5.0 : Professor Sanders is the best professor I took as a student at Fresno State. She is very understanding and very attentive with her students. She uses her experiences in a positive way and makes the class very engaging and interesting! Her tests are very simple and the readings are simple as well. I highly recommend Sanders.
4.0 : Profesora Sands is a great professor! Is fast responding to emails and texts. Wants her students to pass the class. Did a lot of reading,  5 quizzes, culture papers and oral presentations. Easy class overall
5.0 : Read the poems, stories and books because it will help a lot on the quizzes. She really takes the time to educate the students more about the culture. Many discussions in class where your opinion matters. Group presentations from your desk, nothing too serious. She is kind, understanding and helpful. I recommend, highly!
5.0 : 4 short papers(1-2 pages), midterm over the readings &amp; videos, final is a group presentation, attend 2 cultural events. Its a Spanish class, she encourages you to practice the language but you can still speak &amp; write in English. Loves group decisions &amp; class participation. Dr. Sands is soft spoken, nice, knowledgeable teacher. Strongly recommend!
5.0 : She is amazing i would never miss class because i felt wanted and comfortable. Do the assignments and participate during discussions and you will get the grade you want. Simply amazing!!
4.0 : Very good professor and she is so nice! there is a lot of reading and class discussions about the reading but you actually enjoy them. tests are based on the readings. overall good professor i recommend her  and also make sure you go to class for participation points
5.0 : Profesora Sands is a great professor. She is caring for her students and her class is really entertaining. However the class does require a lot of reading and papers based on the readings. The papers are quite easy but they do require a good amount of time. Her grading is not to harsh. Good class to take.
5.0 : Professor Sands has been my favorite professor so far! Her class is very interesting and always fun to attend. The assigned work is doable and not too difficult. You won't regret taking this class.
5.0 : Professor Sands is one of the kindest professors you will ever have. All of the work is pretty easy, but class participation is one of the main parts of her class. Take her!
4.5 : Enjoyable class, some reading to do and some class participation but nothing that will ruin your semester.  I actually would look forward to her classes since you learn about culture  from different aspects.  Potlucks once a month. This is how a G.E. should be, not too much work, but also learn something in an entertaining kind of way.
5.0 : I really enjoyed her class. You do have to read, but the reading assignments are short easy reads. Speaking Spanish is not mandatory, but participation is. She gives a lot of online quizzes and essays. Cancels classes pretty often during my semester.
5.0 : By far one of the best professors at Fresno State. She is so inspirational, motivational, and understanding. There are readings in this class, however, for the most part, the readings are very short and very interesting. Her class is very eye opening and it really gets us thinking about our culture and our way of living. Great professor &amp; class!
5.0 : Study Abroad Rate: Dra Sands is an incredible person. She truly cares about her students. I went on the study abroad class with her and it was amazing. Spain is beautiful. Dra Sands is definitely the person you want accompanying you while you visit Europe.
4.0 : She is an awesome teacher! I really enjoy her class. She is a very understanding teacher. Pay attention to the lectures. Don't skip class if possible because she tells you wants going to be on the test.
4.0 : She's okay. She is very stubborn &amp; wants thinks her way. You have to approve with everything she says. She teaches students what too think instead of how to think.
5.0 : Dr. Sands is AMAZING! She teaches in Spanish but if you are more fluent in English and have a hard time speaking and writing in Spanish she will let you do all your projects in English! This can be an easy A or B if you show up to class everytime and do your work. And I can assure you, you will want to take her again at the end of the semester!
4.5 : She goes above and beyond to make the classroom a comfortable setting. Dont need to buy any textbooks since a majority of the material you need will be available on blackboard. She also encourages class participation during discussions (even if it isnt perfect spanish). I really enjoyed her this semester. Such a sweet lady, Id highly recommend.
3.5 : I recommend her as a professor. Class is pretty easy just do the work. Participation is sort of crucial she picks on students for opinions on material. I do not think she is stubborn, she is actually objective she lets you express your own opinion and does not interject. Exams are based off material you read and material she presents.
5.0 : She is such a sweet and understanding professor. there's a few book to read but the class is pretty easy if you do what you're supposed to. I highly recommend her as a prof!
5.0 : She is an awesome instructor. She wants everyone to participate; and lets you express yourself. She never interferes with your ideas she simply listens. She is someone who respects your ideas and opinions and will not change your ways.  Exams are based on material learned in class; not hard at all. I would totally recommend her!
5.0 : Dra. Sands is a great professor, the way she teaches is very interesting and all topics discussed are relevant. The online homework is always quick, just do the reading and you will be fine. We only had one real test for the midterm and it wasn't bad. She is very accommodating and makes the class easier on those who prefer to speak in English.
5.0 : Dr Sands is my favorite professor. She can teach you to speak Spanish in a unique way. I love her class. You need a textbook, and need to take notes and study. Many examens are based on what you learned and you must be able to write out clear sentence structure (in Spanish) on them. I feel she overlooks petty mistakes, so as to keep you confident.
5.0 : The easiest class you can take at Fresno State. Easy assignments and homework. You are required to read, but the readings are short and easy to understand. Midterm is based on the readings and the final is one easy presentation.
4.5 : Good professor! She is really nice and caring. Class assignments are not hard at all but there is a lot of participation during class. 3 presentations including a group one.
3.0 : She is hard to get a hold of. Lectures slightly cover the class but attendance is mandatory. If you miss a class, she takes points off. She made two mistakes on my grades and I had to have her correct my grade and resubmit it. Cute though.
5.0 : If you can step up your game to his standard, you'll know you had a worthwhile experience when its over. Be ready, be aware, and be there. If you have trouble, the tests truly are based on what was said in lecture and the powerpoint. Weekly, use the free online resources to quiz yourself and memorize the chapter vocabulary. You'll have an easy B.
1.0 : Lack of clarity as to what would be on the tests. A lot of the class time potential lecture time was taken up by mindless talk, or extra credit presentations by students that were supposed to be 3 minutes that ended up taking 10-15 minutes. He was a particularly tough grader on his written answer test questions.
5.0 : Lets be honest, this is basically a med school level class and its not going to be easy but he is good at teaching it and dumbs down the content. There's weekly quizzes which is actually good and one term paper. REPETITION, REPETITION, REPETITION is the motto of the class.
5.0 : Dr. Bush is amazing! His passion as a teacher and his dedication to his students is something you don't see in other teachers at Fresno State. I'm so thankful I took this class; it was tough but Dr. Bush did an awesome job at presenting the material. Very inspiring to students, very down to earth and he truly wants to see students succeed.
5.0 : Took this class during the intersession(3 weeks) and covered about 1-2 chapters a day. I didn't use the book because his test are based on his lectures, so whatever he covers in class will be tested the next day. He is a tough grader when grading the free response questions. There were 12 exams, one every day, 2  dropped, final was online in class.
5.0 : Dr. Bush is by far one of the best professors I´ve ever had. His lectures were incredibly interesting and easy to follow. Tests were based on the lectures although studying the book helped. He often cracks a joke or two during lecture, he isn't very funny but he definitely gets some points for trying! I highly recommend him as an instructor!
4.0 : He knows his stuff. Extra credit is available to help counteract how difficult some of his micro exams are. Some of his test answers are out of the box and dont match up with the PowerPoint, attend class because he goes off on tangents to explain specific things sometimes that are not in the slides. Downside: he is alittle egotistical.
5.0 : Cancer bio was so fascinating! There was an oral presentation, 1 midterm, various hw assignments, and final exam. The hw wasn't time consuming and everything was graded fairly. The only downside was that the course was once a week in the evening for three hours. As the course progresses, health professionals come to present their findings. Take it!
5.0 : This is a tough course, Dr. Bush does a very good job of teaching it, get ready to read in this class. Follow lectures with reading makes the subject understandable. You have to review daily or every other day. Oh yeah he allows you to earn extra credit, I say take advantage of it from day 1. Also find alternative source of learning youtube, book .
4.5 : Very easy class.
5.0 : Better than any of the other Japanese teachers, I loved this class. She will take the time and accommodate to your schedule and will response punctually to all forms of correspondence.
4.0 : Great class! She is really nice and she really want her student to pass and learn Japanese.  There is alot of quiz and pop quiz but if you study you should be just fine.      There are homework but it just a practice sheet on how to write in japanese. Extra Credit just by going to tutoring!  I went from a mid b to an A because of the extra credit!
4.0 : Sensei is a GREAT instructor. Be sure to stay awake during lectures and take notes. She gives a small quiz everyday and homework assigned each day, so you better do your reviewing each night. Get the textbook because in-class activities are assigned from the book. She really makes sure that you understand the material and answers all questions well
5.0 : Have a quiz everyday but they aren't that hard if you pay attention and class and study. We do have homework almost everyday but if you do it you get full credit. This class was great and had a nice enviornment.
4.5 : Very fun class and the teacher is really nice! Although you really have to do the class work and practice a lot if you want a good grade. You have to bring the book everyday!
4.0 : Lectures fast bc she wants you to read and learn the info in your own way. Super open and nice and accommodating! Do your hw, pass quizzes, memorize grammar rules and vocab, and youll pass! Really likes you if you participate a lot in class and ask questions. Study less, but use the language more in order to understand the language.
2.0 : Hella quizzes and homework, exams tough AF. Lectures so fast it's hard to take notes. DO NOT take for area coverage. If you're actually interested and willing to put in the work, go for it. Otherwise, you will fail if you think you're just going to get by and pass. Get familiar with your classmates and work together to pass. Would not retake lol...
4.0 : Class can be somewhat difficult as you're expected to learn things very quickly. There's a quiz almost every week, so you'll need to study often. A lot of pair work and in class practice can make things easier. Put some time into studying and you'll pass.
5.0 : If you struggle with English classes, then professor Gelegan is the choice for you. There is only three papers and you have to read 1984, so this class isn't very demanding. She is also very nice, so just give her a heads up if you can't make it class.
5.0 : Loved Eng1A with Mrs G! She's a wonderful teacher. Majority of your grade will come from four papers, all of which she's pretty lenient while grading. She knows we're not expert writers, so she won't treat you like one. Make sure you show up, because you will get graded on in class work as well. Vocab tests are pretty easy. Would def. take again!!!
5.0 : Gave great feedback, book choices were good, clear expectations were set. Great person who really cares about her students.
5.0 : Take Dr. V if you care about your learning, want to learn, &amp; want to grow as a professional! Don't take her if you're just trying to do  only the min. The material is difficult to grasp at first but Dr. V cares &amp; wants to help all you have to do is ask. She is a great mentor &amp; wants you to be excited about statistics. I'd take her again, for sure!
4.5 : Professor McDonald is probably the best to take online. When I have a question 3 minutes before midnight when something is due, He WILL respond in less than 30 seconds. He is very specific and the work is easy! As long as you do your week every week you will get an A in class! 5 assign. (2pages each), one term paper, and the final! easyyyy
3.0 : Only points to be earned are from the four exams and one paper. Papers you will receive a good grade on as it does not seem like he reads the papers. 10-15 page papers graded in 10 minutes. Tests are tough, no study guides or assignments to prepare from.
5.0 : Seriously, if you looking to an easy A, this is it. 3 test and a final exam, SUPER EASY. The hardest thing is a 12 page paper, but its due like the last day of the semester so you have more than enough time to work and the topic is pretty much whatever you want as long as it relates to criminal Justi, and honestly if you do the paper you get an A.
4.5 : Dr. Sharma was my favorite teacher last semester, and one of my favorite professors at State. He is a very nice, intelligent teacher who really cares for his students and makes class very interesting and funny. Attendance is not really mandatory, but I never missed just because i liked him and his class so much.
4.5 : Definitely would take again. Very funny guy and an interesting class.
5.0 : His lectures were easy and fun to follow. There are three presentation, one group project, one individual with visual aids, and the last individual without any visual aids. Make sure to participate in class, he will call on you if you don't.
3.5 : He doesn't take role and the ppts are online but you don't have a clue unless you go and hear him speak about the powerpoint. Only had three speeches and they were super easy to get an A on, one being a group (not long either). He's really nice and understanding.
3.0 : Ok class. He's very funny and easy to get along with. A few group projects &amp; single presentations. Two quizzes and two exams. PP's are online but aren't very helpful if you don't attend class because he lectures off of them. I didn't like that he takes forever to reply to email &amp; grade scantrons -__"-
4.0 : Such a fun class. I took his night class and expected to be falling asleep in my chair but he really keeps you involved  and doesn't drone on about useless material. Really knows what he's talking about and makes the learning material fresh and easy to understand. Didn't need the book, but go to the lectures to understand the pp.  I enjoyed it.
5.0 : Dr. Sharma is inspirational and helpful.  He provided me with new insight, and challenged my mind during every lecture.  He made me believe in myself, and has supported me throughout my undergraduate years.  He is a very busy man, but will make time for any student because he has a kind supportive heart.  I loved his classes.
5.0 : Without of doubt one of the best professors I've had so far. Dr. Sharma is hilarious and really inspirational when it comes down to presenting in front of the class. I do not know what it is about him, but who he is as a person made me more comfortable to present in front of the class without much stage fright.
5.0 : Dr. Sharma is hilarious. Does a good job at getting everyone to participate in discussion. 3 tests (20 questions multiple choice) and 3 presentations. One is a group presentation to get the class warmed up to each other. First presentation  4-5 minutes, second  5-6, third is only 3 minutes. You get to pick your topics. Very easy class!
4.0 : I really enjoyed having Dr. Sharma. He is so funny and has great stories! The ONLY complaint I had about the class is that we had a 15-20 page paper for the final which  seemed a little ridiculous. Nevertheless I would recommend Sharma, he's a great guy!
5.0 : Devendra is excellent!!! yes his class is way too easy, but it's worth it to take him because his enthusiastic powerpoints will really make you think about things you wouldn't have usually even cared about before. He's wonderful and really gets the class discussions going, which is way more valuable than hard tests or anything more "academic."
4.0 : Quizzes are 15 questions and are really easy, don't even need the textbook for anything. Midterm is 50 questions but super easy. Group presentation was better then expected. And individual presentations aren't as nerve wracking. Its such an easy class.
5.0 : He's a very funny and cool teacher. Makes you get involved and talk out. There's only 3 presentations and it's pretty easy. There's only 3 exams and are very easy just look at your notes. Notes are very simple and short. Likes to hear your opinion.
4.5 : Sharma is a funny dude. He keeps class interesting and interactive. There are only 3 quizzes which are ridiculously easy. I will take Sharma again if possible, awesome man.
4.0 : Learned a lot. It's clear he wants his students to learn. The speeches were really fun since you were able to pick your own topics. I had a great time in his class! Quizes can be tough if you don't memorize the different theorists' names. Overall had a good time. He's pretty funny since he's trying to learn younger cultures.
5.0 : Wonderful teacher. Makes lectures fun and you enjoy coming to his class. Speeches were fun just have to put the work in. You choose your own topic. Only way you will not pass is not doing the work correctly or not doing it at all. He is always in a good mood, loves teaching us and wants us to be successful.
4.0 : Similar to COMM classes as a whole... VERY EASY. Seriously as long as you show up, give genuine effort, and R-E-A-D the little book you will get at least a B if not an A. I am a introvert and had no problem getting an A. Devendra is a cool guy too! Class would be let out early half the time or more since it was a night class.
4.0 : Great guy, just try! If you show genuine effort you will succeed. I did horrible on tests, but rocked my speeches, that's how I passed! your final is take home, so tell me why you can't pass?
4.5 : Really easy A. His lectures are kinda boring but that's just because I'm not that into the material. 2 midterms, a final, and 3 writing assignments that are super easy as well as online quizzes before every class (3-4 questions each). He's always willing to help. The lab is probably the more difficult part. Uses iclicker for attendance
5.0 : Amazing Teacher. Really understands his trade and is very effective at making material understandable for those who don't have a heavy geology background. The course is very tough, but you'll learn more in this class than any other class you have ever taken because the material is relevant to real world scenerios. You get what you put in.
4.0 : He is really laid back and allows us to let our creative juices flow. He is a real character and can be straight to the point. He allows us to listen to music and is super flexible on materials we use in class. He is a great teacher.
4.0 : Really laid back person. I can not draw or paint but I love this class because I got to learn and experience new things. It was interesting and fun. Just try your best, do your work, and you well do just fine.
5.0 : An easy going guy. He was really helpful. I told him that I didn't draw well (art emphasis in photography not drawing). He was understanding and helped me out with good feedback and great suggestions with drawing techniques. Just be straight up and honest with him and he'll reciprocate.
4.0 : Super nice dude, real laid back like everyone else says. Actually teaches u how to draw. No txtbook needed. U don't need to buy all of the art supplies listed for the class. Attend class as much as possible. Around 4-5 art projects. Grades according to the effort u put in to them, and if they fit the criteria listed.
4.0 : Chris is very understanding and very funny and laid back His lectures are short and he really cares about his students well being and their art work Try to not leave early because he sometimes takes attendance at the end his critiques are very helpful and easy most of the time you're left on your own working on your projects
5.0 : Chris is an excellent art teacher. I had never taken an art class before him and now I am freaking Picasso, he made me want to minor in art. He is so sweet, funny, and such a gentleman. He reminds me of a puppy always willing to do anything to help you. Just show up to class and participate! You will have a blast!!!
4.0 : Hilarious and kind teacher. Knows his students and their abilities, doesn't expect too much and helps a lot with what should be done. I'm terrible at drawing, but he pushed me with support. He works hard to keep everyone entertained and is very laid back, as long as you respect him. Grading is a bit tough, so attend everyday if you can.
5.0 : Chris is hands down one of my favorite art instructors. His lectures are hilarious and he really encourages students to become better artists.
4.0 : Professor Morgan is a very educated teacher. I went into this class thinking that I would be able to breeze by, but turned out otherwise. Participation really matters and be ready to work for your grade.
1.0 : Doesn't tell you what grade you are on at all and really doesn't bother to help you get your grade up. Do not take this class
4.5 : She has the passion for what she teaches and she has class discussions daily. She requires the opinion of the class for the discussions. Have to read the chapters because she does have quizzes on them. Her exams are okay as well but need to study. She's very helpful and its an easy class to pass with not much homework besides one major assignment.
4.5 : She makes the course as fun and understanding as possible. Very bubbly personality, which is good. You'll surely pass as long as you try and show up to class.
5.0 : - easy -not need of a book but do take notes on her lectures  - lectures easy and not many  - semifinal and a final: easy, short answers -community service 12 hours only  _ shes is a great teacher
4.0 : I was fortunate to meet professor Kim and she has passion for the subject and her  knowledge of the subject is incredible. Effortless assignments and straightforward, overall it's an easy A class.
5.0 : I learned a lot from her class it was pretty easy as long as you read the material
5.0 : This class was extremely easy and fun. If you fail, it's because you never showed up and didn't turn in any of the assignments.
4.0 : I enjoy her online class and learned about what's interdisciplinary arts. It's not a hard class but there's quiet some work. She is a fair grader and instructions are pretty clear. I recommend students to take her.
5.0 : Super nice! Only had her online, but she was amazing. Easy grader. You have a module due every three weeks, just go through the assignments. She gives extra credit for turning things in on time and giving your opinion. There's no way you can't get an A.
4.0 : Morin is a great teacher. I took her online and it was super easy. I would do ALL of the assignments the night before. Sometimes they take a while though, so try not to put them off. The quizzes are easy, you can Google them. Just take pictures and save them to your computer because she uses the quizzes as the final exam at the end!
5.0 : its easy do the work. i recommend him as a profs.  test yes same as work in class. he does mymathlab
5.0 : The best professor &amp; teacher I have ever had. He is a man who loves his job &amp; craves for his students to do well and succeed. Office hours are a MUST if you struggle, he is so insanely helpful, it's crazy. I attended office hours every week and received the highest grade in his classes that year. He taught me to love math again. Fantastic professor
5.0 : At first I thought he was intimidating but he's actually very chill. He answers every question and made it very easy. He understands that we're human so he doesn't assign too much homework. Overall, I would definitely take him again. Renwick was nice and he truly cares.
5.0 : I had Dr. Renwick for PreCalc my first semester at state. He has great lectures that are mainly examples of questions that are going to be on the test. He provides you with great notes and as long as you attend the lectures you should pass. He clearly cares about this students. As a plus, he's pretty nice and funny. TAKE HIM YOU WONT REGRET IT
5.0 : If you have a hard time with math I recommend taking Renwick, he is really good at teaching and making concepts more simple.  Also he is really nice and gives a break during class.
5.0 : Kelly is one of the best Social Work instructors I've had the pleasure of learning from. She gives the most support for her students and genuinely cares about each of them. I took her for 4 classes, 2 consecutive semesters, and worked hard to get the A's. You will not regret taking her class! Turn in your papers early for editing; so worth it.
5.0 : SWRK 161,170, &amp; 171 Kelly is by far the most caring professor I have taken at fresno state. Yes you do have to work hard in class but she is willing to help! she gives the opportunity to turn in papers early for edit do this and your guaranteed and A. Quizzes based on power points never purchased a book. 171  uses spss &amp; is the most challenging
5.0 : Kelly is awesome! Strongly Recommend to other students. The material can be challenging but if you pay attention to the lectures, study, and attend class you can pass. She makes the lectures interesting and she is also very willing to work with you if you are having trouble understanding the material.
4.5 : She's a great teacher. Explains everything well. Gives exam study guides and they are to the point. No beating around the bush. Gives extra credit. She helps as much as she can. You can tell she loves teaching SW 170. One of my favorite teachers by far!
5.0 : Kelly is very nice. She helps her students understand the aspects of the subject. She is very into research. I actually learned something in this class.
5.0 : Everyone I know who has taken this class speaks highly of Professor Tabay and her class. Her slides are clear and informative. Her teaching style makes a difficult topic fun and interesting. She helps students with their assignments and is  very approachable. She's hilarious, which keep the class lively. One of the best professors I've ever had.
3.5 : Kelly is a nice professor! The material itself is hard but she makes time to meet with you if help is need. We did 5 quizzes, 1 essay, and the final.  We did like 7 assignments using SPSS  a computer program. She never takes role but if you miss one class you'll be lost!
5.0 : Best Social work teacher I have had so far. Tough, but not a hard and mean teacher because she makes you work for the grade. Need to come to class in order to understand materials because if you skip it is hard to catch up. Got an A in this class because i worked for it and asked for help. Overall, a very good teacher that I recommend for anyone 1
4.5 : Kelly is an amazing professor!! She is always there for help when you need it! The class is tough but, Kelly will thoroughly explain what she wants and how she wants it done. She gives great feed back on all papers turned in early!! She really wants her student to do well in her class! She's funny and occasionally gives extra credit!
4.0 : Kelly Is great teacher. She challenges her students to the point you want to do well for not only yourself but her as well. If you don't pass it is because you aren't trying. She is open to meeting to help students pass. She is passionate about her numbers: a rough geek. Not one to play but one to learn from. Getting an A in her class is  rewarding
5.0 : Easy grade. Very nice guy, he'll answer any questions you have, quick to answer emails. CLass is confusing but goes over all the questions and gives all the answers to midterm and final. Class not mandatory.
5.0 : Love this instructor! I have taken him at least once every semester. He just makes art history really fun plus his class is really easy. His lectures are long BUT interesting. Only gives 2 tests: midterm and final. And requires only 3 papers. 2 short (3-4 pages) and one research paper (5-10 pages). They are very easy!
3.0 : Easy class. Would have received an A if I gone to lecture but they're so boring. Didn't buy the book, if I needed it I checked it out of library. He knows his stuff, can be funny at times, I was just not interested. Midterm wtake home essay. Then, finaltake home essay. That's all the work you'll do in that class. For sure you'll pass, no doubt.
5.0 : He's super funny and his lectures are really interesting. There's two take home tests, a midterm, and a final. He does a review session before the test which covers everything. Super easy class.
4.5 : He's a pretty nice guy. Makes the class interesting with humor and pictures. The book I used was Art through the Ages 14th edition. He doesn't grade on attendance but I recommend not missing too many classes, ESPECIALLY near the exams. one written Midterm slide exam + short at-home essay, and a Final. Remember to study, he gives good study guides
5.0 : Keith Jordan's class is a very easy class. Attendance is not mandatory. 1 midterm, 1 paper, 1 final. He gives you a study guide with the exact same questions &amp; pictures that will be on the test so the test is VERY EASY - only if you study!
4.5 : Keith is an awesome professor. He is super funny, when he gives his side remarks to some artwork. The lecture is long, but it is interesting to listen to without a doubt. A very nice teacher, he is willing to answer questions that you have, so don't be shy. Also when he asks the class to participate, just 1 answer will do him good. Love the class!
5.0 : Professor Jordan is very passionate about art history and therefore knows everything off the top of his head, his power points consist of pictures with no words. However if you ever miss, most of the information can be found in the book. He is easy to pass with only the midterm and the final which he reveiws the class before.
4.5 : He only has two exams plus two papers (aren't that long) throughout the semester. He is really clear about what will be on the exams. The lectures are super interesting! If you pay attention in class, then you will do good on the exams! I only used the textbook a little bit, but  all the art he talks about are also in the book.
4.0 : I really enjoyed his class! even though it was all lecture but he made it interesting by his unique humor He is very easy going &amp; understanding Sometimes the lectures can get boring I didn't read the book but I made a study guide There are two exams Both exams have two parts One part is remembering like 20 pieces of art and then an essay
4.0 : Professor Jordan is very good at teaching and knows his stuff. Class is easy 1 midterm and essay, 1 final and essay not hard, must study to do well on the slide exams. Attendance is not mandatory.
4.0 : If you're interested in sitting in long boring lectures, then go for it. He's an amazing teacher who knows what he's teaching. Can be hilarious at times. But most of the time, everyone's falling asleep in his class. Study guides and review days before midterm and final. Consists of in-class slide exam and paper to make your overall grade.
5.0 : I loved him!! Honestly, I didn't try very hard and he passed me. I would definitely recommend him.
4.0 : Professor Jordan knows his art &amp; he is a great lecturer. His class is extremely boring though, but luckily it isn't mandatory to attend. It isn't as easy as people make it out to be. He doesn't post grades on Blackboard which can be misleading, but he does give study guides, although they were confusing. Don't bother buying the book &amp; study hard.
3.5 : He is super easy!! You don't even have to attend every lecture. The midterm was written alottt of memorization and a an essay. For the final, he gave us an option 2 essays or an essay and a final. That's it!
4.0 : Keith Jordan is an interesting and odd ball professor but he is good at what he does. Personally I did not enjoy the coursework for this class, but his lectures were entertaining but boring. His tests were fairly easy but it covers a lot of material and is hard to study for. I would take this instructor again, but not this course.
4.0 : He is very passionate about art history, he knows his stuff. There are two papers, a midterm and final. Overall the class is an easy A, just do your papers and study for the test!
4.0 : Long lectures but he makes them interesting, most of the time. 2 essays, one mid term, one final. He uploads the study guide of what exactly you're going to be tested on a couple of days before the exam, but don't wait till last minute to study! There's a lot to learn before the exam!
5.0 : Great professor I've taken a few times over the years. Very interesting lectures and an excellent speaker. It won't hurt you if you miss lecture but it's still fun to show up and hear Dr. Jordan do his thing. The classes he teaches aren't even in my major but I sign up as often as I can to take his classes as electives.
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had. Lectures are long, but he is passionate about his work. Class has two essay papers, a midterm and final. Take good notes on slideshows, bring study guide and follow along during class and during review days. Review days, he practically goes over the answers. Exam questions will be taken straight from the study guides.
4.0 : Very easy class to pass. All I did was go to his review session, memorize some dates and names and boom. Tests were so easy. Good guy too
1.0 : Most BORING class and instructor I've had at Fresno State... Thinks he's funny but he isn't, late to almost every class and likes to ramble and dismiss students like ten minutes after class is over. Horrible grader as well. Try to avoid taking this class with him, you have been warned!
1.0 : Worst professor Ive had
5.0 : Great Professor!!!! One of the best lecturers at Fresno State.
4.5 : If your taking this class as a  GE then let me tell you that it will be BORING! Super easy class, used to go to his lectures and fall asleep so I stopped attending them towards the end. Attendance does NOT matter. Has a midterm slide exam with an essay or second option was writing two essays and same thing for final.
5.0 : Lectures are JAM-PACKED with information not on the test, if you love art this is a huge plus and if you are just taking this class for GE this is a huge minus. Personally I loved this professor and his lecturing style but I'm one of those students who likes knowledge so YMMV  If you are a history buff, then take this class.
4.0 : I really enjoyed Keith, such a great professor! Lectures are long, but he makes them interesting. would gladly take again.  Talks fast so make sure you take good notes or have a recording device so you don't miss important details!!
3.0 : Dr. Jordan is one of the more passionate professors. He is just mostly misunderstood with his no-nonsense attitude. He will tell you exactly how to pass his class though. This is lecture, so no student participation. It's very hard for the average student to understand his passion. Talk to him, go to his office hours and talk about the class.
4.0 : very passionate, knowledgeable, and funny!
4.0 : very passionate lectures, knowledgeable, and has a great sense of humor!
5.0 : Very caring and fun professor. Took precalculus with him at Fresno Pacific University and he was a very caring instructor. If something went down online and I wasn't able to complete the homework, he always reopened it and understood. He wanted to make sure the class was actually understanding the material. Made a 7:45 am class a lot better.
5.0 : He was an excellent professor I have ever had.  He was very knowledgeable in his field.  He was always prepared when he came to class.  Also,  he involved all the students in the class by many interaction from the students.  He always inspired the students to do their homework and therefore do well on the tests.  I recommend him to all students .
4.5 : He was the most awesome professor I have ever had in my major.  He was always prepared and on time at every class.  He would bring real life practical examples from the field so we can relate to.  He would always take time and effort for each student who had questions.  Moreover, I really enjoyed my entire time that I have spent in his class.
5.0 : Very kind and intelligent! Socratic teaching, but she also puts you into small discussion groups. If you hate public speaking, it'll be easier for you to gain participation that way. Easy midterm and final if you do the readings. Two papers. Strongly recommend taking ENG 105 beforehand to make the writing process easier for you. ATTEND CLASS.
4.0 : 2 exams (multiple choice) that reward you if you've done the readings, fairly easy and straight forward. Mini essay questions as well that reflect on class discussions. Take notes on the stories read to make studying easier. She gives detailed feedback on essays. Do not turn in first draft essays, revise, and you should pass.
5.0 : Dr. Najmi is one of the most influential and genuine professors I have met.  She is very intelligent, with a passion for helping students learn in a friendly environment.  She challenges students to improve in their thinking and writing abilities.  Anyone with a desire to learn, regardless of their background, will find her class rewarding.
5.0 : Dr. Najmi is one of the greatest professors I have ever had and nicest people I have ever known. She has a comfortable, graceful way of facilitating class discussion so that as learners you really get the most out of each session. There is a lot of small group discussion as well and very few large assignments (just 2 tests, 2 papers, and journals)
4.5 : Dr. Najmi was a fantastic professor. Her lectures are interesting, and the readings great. You are expected to come to class and participate in discussions if you want a good grade. She does a final group presentation and that's the only time shes tough. She has an easy midterm, and an 1200-1500 word analysis paper. She is helpful and super sweet!
5.0 : Dr. Najmi is such a wonderful professor. The lectures are not boring if you do the readings, which are all you do, so be sure to read everything she assigns. There are group discussions from time to time, don't be that person that doesn't have anything to contribute! Her exams are fair and her papers are not too bad either. I would take her again!
5.0 : Dr. Najmi is an amazing professor. I switched my major from History to English and she definitely sparked my interest in literature and writing. I am also lucky to have her as my advisor. Take her classes, you will not regret it!
5.0 : Dr. Najmi is one of the best professors at Fresno State. At first I was afraid to take English 160W because my first language is not English but, Dr. Najmi made every class interesting an easy to undestand. Participation matters and it is recommended to go to her office hours. Overall great professor who wants to see students succeed.
3.0 : Dr. Najmi is a very caring and inclusive professor, so if you're looking for political correctness, this is the right professor for you. She uses fancy vocabulary in her lectures about every five words, so be prepared to not understand what she says sometimes. She makes sure that everyone understands what is going on. But, you HAVE to read the book
5.0 : I've taken Engl 32, Engl 193T, and Engl 250T with Samina. She has a discussion-heavy style of teaching rather than focusing on lectures, and she expects participation from everybody. Don't miss readings because there is no hiding in the background in her classes. She also has high standards for writing, especially in upper division/grad classes.
5.0 : One of the most lovely teachers on campus. Took her for ENGL 103 and 173.  She's not a challenge, but she does make you put in the effort for your grade. Much of your grade depends on participating in discussions, so if you're too shy to speak up in class, you may struggle. She isn't intimidating at all, which makes speaking in class easier.
5.0 : Lovely teacher. Very clear, syllabus filled with interesting readings. Very open minded. But be cautious, your ENTIRE grade is dependent on class participation (25%), one test (25%), and two papers (50%), so work hard, because if you fail any one, you don't have very many more chances to recover your grade. Otherwise, she's excellent.
4.0 : Great teacher, must go to class and participate!!! Do the readings!!! overall a good class
5.0 : Loved her! Reading is mandatory for class discussions but the reading assignments are not long and boring. I found her to be quite caring. Reminds us of her office hours but her class wasn't hard. One midterm, one paper, one group presentation and the final. Attendance is mandatory.
5.0 : Go to class, pay attention, read the book and you will be fine. There are two short essays and two tests: one multiple choice and one FRQ.
4.5 : If you are fluent in writing and reading Spanish then you will do just fine. Is mostly reading and writing. She will let you review before the exam. She is really understanding and cool
4.0 : Honestly, she knows her Spanish really well and teaches well. She is a tad strict and goes off to tangents every so often.
5.0 : Castillo is a great teacher! Any class that i've been able to take with her, I take it. Her lectures are very clear and she really knows what she is talking about. She gives study guides so long as you study those you're guaranteed to do well.
4.5 : She gets the job done very nicely. If you need to improve your writing skills and your Spanish grammar she offers a very good and clear course. She really knows her subject and you WILL get better. She can be a little square but it's  really for your own good. Very helpful and kind too.
5.0 : Loved Profesora Castillo! You will leave her class speaking/writing better Spanish! I especially enjoyed when she would go off subject and tell the class stories. She's strict but it's for your own good. She really cares about students well-being, she gave us these worry dolls for stress from Guatemala right before finals, she's a sweetheart.
5.0 : Two thumbs up. Good guy, funny, inspirational and an amazing cellist. Would take his class again.
5.0 : He is the best I've had since I have entered the music program. He makes a lot of jokes and always wants the best for his students. Of course there is some favoritism with the cello section (duh) but he is helpful and very friendly, making him a blessing to the Music Department
5.0 : Dannette is awesome. Audio files were helpful for me (can listen to lecture on own time). Material is presented and explained clearly. Study guides are accurate. Did I say that Dannette was an awesome instructor!?! I wish she did all of our classes!
3.0 : Lessons are not easy to follow and she is sometimes hard to understand.
3.0 : Dr. Ferris is nice and he really makes his lectures easy to understand. But exams are tough since he covers a lot of information and chapters per exam. Not very helpful during office hours when you ask him how you can prepare for the exams. He doesn't offer a study guide. You have to study lectures, his own theories &amp; the 7 Habits book he requires.
4.5 : Highly recommend!! very passionate. He gives study guides that tells you exactly what's on the test. You don't really need to buy the textbook he bases his text off of his power points.
4.0 : His class is easy overall. He can be boring but he posts everything online. The tests are based off of the study guide but only after I mentioned if he can continue doing so. He cancels class a lot so be prepared. He also cancels for approx. 3 days when we have online assignments. Overall an easy class.
4.0 : Easiest professor at state! He would always cancel class and he only assigned two short assignments. Test are exactly like the study guides he provide. Also, he test were SUPER easy.
5.0 : Great class. This professor makes what he expects very clear.
4.5 : He's an awesome professor! Super easy and class gets cancelled a lot. He goes off topic which is always nice, he's soft spoken and willing to work with students. No textbook required. I would definitely take his class again!
4.0 : Great professor! Gave a syllabus but class was always cancelled so in the end he didn't follow it. Test are very easy. Gave a ton of extra credit. You don't have to go class except for when its the review day because he tells you what will be exactly on the test. He's a really kind professor and I would definitely take again.
5.0 : Dr. English makes the content super easily to understand. If you ask questions, he will kindly explain more. All you have to do is pay attention in class and make sure to understand the study guides and you are good for the exams. There is some online assignments but nothing too crazy. I would take him again!
5.0 : This professor is awesome. Really knows what he's talking about, interesting lecturer, attendance is not mandatory, he does not assign busy work. He provides thorough study guides for his test. If you study, the tests are not terribly hard. Attending lecture also makes taking the tests much easier. I definitely recommend this professor.
4.5 : Go to class + Take good notes and you will have no problem passing this class. He is very lenient on test dates and doesn't really give out assignments. I would recommend him.
3.0 : The hardest part of his class is not falling asleep during the lectures.  He is a respected professor and knows what he is talking about, just not very interesting to listen to.
4.5 : Very helpful &amp; informative. He has so much great information to share, he sometimes runs out of time. You will enjoy lecutes. Very clear and to the point. 3 tests. Gives study guide with all you need to know for test. Can't fail with study guide. Easy assignments. Book is not necessary although syllabus says so, just more helpful when studying.
5.0 : Best online class Ive ever taken! He is so clear about assignments, and he provides audio to his power points which is unbelievably helpful. Such an amazing professor - I wish I could take him again but in person. Definitely highly recommend this course with him. Easy, clear, there for you, emails back quickly and understands his students. Amazing!
5.0 : Makes it very interesting with real-life examples, very lenient on test dates, goes in-depth with materials, not difficult to pass the course if you attend class and take notes, definitely recommend him if you are looking to fulfill a requirement for your G.E
5.0 : Mr. English is a great professor. He really knows what he's doing. His lectures can be a bit dry at times, but his class is super easy overall. You have few tests, which he gives you the study guide for. Don't even have to write a paper; you get blackboard assignments which aren't difficult or long.
5.0 : Super sweet professor. 3 tests. A few blackboard assignments. No textbooks required. Attendance isn't mandatory. Days before the test he will post study guides and all of the class notes just in case you didn't show up to class one day.
4.0 : This is the first semester that Crim 156 has been offered and Dr. English was the only professor teaching it. It was very similar to his Crim 154 class with a little more emphasis on the legal aspects. I would take Dr. English again, and he is undeniably a subject matter expert in this field of study.
3.0 : He takes forever to grade assignments so you couldn't even plan accordingly when studying for the final. He goes off on a lot of tangents during his lectures which make them pretty boring. Other than that, its a pretty easy A because the tests are not very difficult if you study a little bit. I used the book to make certain concepts more clear
5.0 : Great Professor, he is always willing to go above and beyond for students . Take this professor and you wont regret it!
1.0 : good teacher and respects students, he posted the study guides 3 days before the exam like how the hell you suppose to study that fast like i have other classes to worry and my personal life this teacher didn't give me 4 points i was so close to getting a C- other than that hes a lazy professor and makes his exams comprehensive .
5.0 : English is a very laid back professor, only  3 tests and a couple blackboard assignments. You dont need a textbook to pass or show up to class often. Days before the test he will post study guides and the guides are very similar to the tests so memorize it and you're good to go..
4.5 : Rosemary is a fantastic teacher! She genuinely cares about her students and their success. I took CDDS 90 online and it was pretty easy to handle. About 4 chapter summaries, about 4 group venn diagrams(participate!), and one paper!
5.0 : Professor Diaz is my favorite teacher, by far. She is the sweetest lady, and makes all the information about Deaf Culture interesting. Attendance is mandatory because she passes around a role sheet every day. Easy GE, definitely recommended!
5.0 : She's wonderful! The lectures are very interesting and she explains thoroughly. She passes around an attendance sheet but she also posts the slides on Black Board encase you're absent. We're reading Signing the Body Poetic for chapter summaries, and watched Choldren of a lesser god. Also had a written midterm and class essay. Final is coming up.
5.0 : Wonderful Teacher! She is by far my favorite teacher at State, I always enjoy going to class. She is so sweet and understanding. Attendance is mandatory. One Midterm, one writing assignment, and one final! Take this class!
5.0 : Very nice professor. She cares a lot about what she is teaching because she is Deaf. The midterm is easy, she shows you the questions a couple days before so you have an idea what to write about, and the only homework is chapter summaries :)
4.5 : Loved this class. Amazing Professor. Make sure you don't miss class because you won't know how to sign. There is a lot of grammar notescultural notes in the book that is needed. Just a very fun language to learn.
5.0 : Fantastic professor!  She is passionate about Deaf Culture, and class is always interesting.  It's also an easy class, as long as you attend lecture and do the few papers she assigns.  She is also very understanding and supportive, and she tells all kinds of interesting stories that support the material.  I would take any class that she teaches.
4.5 : Professor Diaz was an amazing, inspirational, and loving instructor. Her passion for teaching is incredible and there is always a smile on her face. It was amazing to be taught the History of Deaf culture from a Deaf person herself.
5.0 : Its all in ASL but don't worry there are interpreters but her lectures and stories are amazing and her lectures are interactive.
5.0 : Professor Rosemary Diaz is amazing. She's so nice &amp; gives such funny stories.  She'll tell you exactly what questions are going to be on the exams. You have chapter summaries. But you don't even need the textbook because you can just get everything straight off her power points.
5.0 : She is an amazing professor that will help you with whatever you need to make you successful in her class. What really stood out to me in her class she would have a video link and sign what you will be doing for the coming week. Pretty cool if you ask me. Chapter summaries, venn diagrams, 2 exams, 1 writing assignment super easy.
3.0 : I absolutely love this professor. She is Deaf and she is the reason why I become interested in the Deaf community. She is very funny and helpful whenever you need it. Very interesting class!
4.5 : Really easy course! Group work was assigned, small discussions, and summary chapters due. She gives 5 points extra credit if you respond to four people each time. Super clear, one major paper and a final writing paper as well. Fairly easy and very easy to manage time with this course. I value her opinion and feedback when it comes to assignments.
4.0 : She is a very genuine and nice person. She's always willing to help and her lectures are easy. The quizzes are also pretty easy and are from her lectures. I never did the readings in her class, but went to her lectures and payed attention and passed with an A.
5.0 : Very easy! Definitely recommend. It was her first online class. Chapter summaries, group Venn diagrams, one paper, one midterm, and one final. Super easy!
5.0 : Highly Recommend!! Ms. Diaz is an amazing professor that is really engaged with her students. She assigns 4 group Venn Diagrams, a writing assignment, a midterm and a final and gives students more than enough time to complete each assignment.
5.0 : She's a very sweet lady! She is very passionate about the subject and is nice to talk to if you need help. You should pay attention during lectures and read the book. Definitely recommend her :)
2.5 : Her class is based on participation, papers, and tests. Tests are hard to pass, you're either right or wrong. The papers are the easiest. If you miss class, that counts against your participation, so if you miss class twice, that's already 10% off your participation grade. Lectures are BS. Horrible teacher, horrible class.
5.0 : Professor Meinhoff is a wonderful professor. Unfortunately, this semester is her last semester teaching before she retires. You can sense her passion for Philosophy through her lectures. She has a great sense of humor which makes class something to look forward to. Two thumbs up!!!
4.5 : Sharon is a great professor who teaches with a passion. She is funny and extremely helpful. If you want to pass all the test, you must read the assigned book. Only lazy students complain about her. There's only 2 papars and a ton of extra credit. I can't believe this is her last semester, I am lucky to be in her last remaining classes.
4.5 : Very sweet professor! 50% of your grade is from midterms, final and term paper are 20%,and participation is 10%. Tests after each chapter. Got an A and wouldn't read each chapter. Just show up to class
5.0 : Meinhoff is a great professor! Take good notes during lecture since it will be on the tests, and their are short about 20 Question tests after each chapter. Not hard at all. Just make sure you understand the readings. Speaks about intense issues in an understandable way. Also one easy 3 page essay and a final :)
5.0 : Great teacher! I wasn't too sure about taking this class.. but then her grading and lecture are very easy to understand. She does 6 tests that are based on the readings. 1 final paper which is super easy! She loves to help students. You don't have to read everything but you should at least read some of it to understand what is happening
4.0 : Only one essay you have to do, which has to be 750-1000 words. Several exams throughout the semester on the readings she assigns, but you don't even have to read, you could use the practice exams the book provides online, and she just takes out those questions and puts them on the actual exams. Her lectures are boring but she's a sweet lady.
3.5 : Read the essays from the book and attend class (it counts for credit). Pretty simple. She's super nice and wants to help you. Insists she won't force her opinion of certain topics on you, and she doesn't (with the exception of animal rights vs. animal welfare). She wants you to form your own opinion and be able to argue it in one, 1,000 word paper.
4.0 : Great professor! Definitely recommend her. She's really nice, I wasn't interested in philosophy at the start of the semester but after going to all her classes, it really influences you on making better decisions both morally and ethically(: really enjoyable class.
5.0 : Truly an amazing professor. Parker made class so interesting and relevant to what is happening now. So understanding and helpful whenever something arises and you need help. 4 quizzes, 4 exams, and a few writing assignments. throughly enjoyed this class and would take any other class taught by professor parker. 10/10, would recommend.
5.0 : I love her online class.  Her quiz and test aren't that hard.  Keeping up with the work is easy.  You have to attend at least one deaf event if you can't then you can just write a reaction paper to a video she recommend.  I wish she could've taught CDDS139 too. =)
5.0 : I love Patty! She really does her best and does right by all her students. Professor Parker is such a kind person, and the assignments and guidelines are very clearcut. Although there are weekly discussion boards, for both 90 and 98, the workload of the class is definitely doable by anyone. Quizzes are very easy, just view her power points!
3.5 : Her online class is so easy! Mostly discussion boards, weekly and you have to go to one deaf event. It's very interesting, and only have to do light reading. Only hard thing was the one paper, she's a bit of a tough grader but if you do it you'll get a good grade. No matter what, it's an easy A!
5.0 : 3 Test, one research paper, and weekly discussions. The books are needed to pass class. You can't just BS the discussions board. I got a W the first time because I forgot about it and she let me withdraw. Currently on the second and I am passing with an A, test are easy but you need to go through her powerpoints throroughly. Dont lag on the researc
1.0 : Doesn't grade accordingly. Makes himself superior to all students, I wouldn't recommend taking him. You can work for hours and days on an assignment and you still wouldn't get an A because he believes no one's good enough for one. Unless you are an expert and know more than he does, good luck getting an A!
4.0 : He is a tough professor that for sure makes you work for your A. I got an A! He talks a lot and uses real life experiences in his lecture. Can get side tracked in lecture, but overall good experience.
4.5 : Great teacher, knows her subject well and pushes you to think.
5.0 : I have taken this class a couple times now. You can take it again as a second time student and instead of doing class work, with the rest of the class, you can work on a semester long project! Which is really fun. Attendance for a second time student does matter so show up!
5.0 : This class is great! You learn a lot about animation. It is not just modeling you actually animate too! It does seem overwhelming at first but don't worry because she is super helpful and does everything step by step. She even posts online videos of what we cover in lectures in case you miss a day. But attendance is mandatory!  Overall great class!
5.0 : Great class! Super helpful instructor. Wouldn't say easy A, if you don't pay attention and attend class. But, in a way it could be super easy if you do pay attention. Also, she is very helpful and funny! So don't be afraid to ask for help.
5.0 : Fun class! You learn the basics of 3D modeling. Instructor is very helpful. Attendance is mandatory but class is super easy as long as you pay attention.
5.0 : Paula is so helpful and so invested in her students. Her animation class covers many different facets and techniques in a short amount of time, and you can take the class again to have an independent project with guidance. She has a lot of connections in both character and experimental animation and does her best to connect her students with them.
5.0 : I learned SO much in this class with regards to modeling. Paula is a great lecturer and teacher, and she is willing to help her students out (usually as long as they were actually paying attention to the lecture). She can move kind of fast, so make sure you're paying attention. Definitely download the software at home and get the proper mouse.
5.0 : Paula is pretty cool.
5.0 : I always look forward to having classes with Paula. Every one has been extremely informative and helpful, and she always makes little jokes and quips during class that I personally find quite entertaining. If you can pick a class that's being taught by her, I recommend it highly.
5.0 : This class is awesome.  i loved it and Paula is a fantastic teacher. She knows her stuff and if she doesn't know right off the top of her head she will research it and get back to you.  Unlike a lot of teachers Paula is amazing at returning emails.
5.0 : This class is a beginners class of using Photoshop &amp; Illustrator but you also learn how to make an art portfolio for yourself. 8 Art projects (easy but takes time). Very Helpful when you need help, hilarious teacher, and very well informed of the art worldindustry.
5.0 : Great class for beginning 3D modeling. There's only 4 projects, but they require a lot of time to complete. Don't slack off in this class, she grades on quality. You'll spend about a month on each project. Fun class &amp; would like to take again, She knows the Art &amp; Video game industry of 3D Animation and is a professional animator. You really learn!
5.0 : I had Paula for a 3D animation class at UMBC in 2002-2003.  She was a good teacher.
5.0 : She's a really good professor and she knows a lot about the art industry.
5.0 : She is a very helpful professor and advisor. This class moves at a very fast pace, but if you ask questions, attend class, and do your work you'll pass. She will also help you during her office hours as well, but you have to make sure to book an appointment with her through her site.
5.0 : This class is 2D animation class therefore you can expect a lot of work outside of class when completing your projects. You learn the different style and methods of creating 2D animations. There are 5 projects in total. Don't slack off. Overall a great class, teacher is very helpful, she's knows a lot about the art world and how the industry works.
5.0 : This class takes the next step in 3D animation. This time you're animating and not just modeling. I learned a lot in this class and had fun. The teacher knows her stuff and gives good examples on how the animation industry works in animated films and video games. 5 projects, don't procrastinate in this class. Rendering is now time consuming.
5.0 : The class itself is not difficult at all, but what makes it worth your wild is she is a first round pick! Gives 2 tests and gives study guides. A group project but a fairly easy grader, just do the work and you'll get a B.
5.0 : Can I say how gorgeous she is. I think all the guys have a crush on her. Anyway she is amazing! She made HR so fun and interesting. Her class average on the midterm was an 86 percent! She teaches very well and is a wonderful professor I've had in a while. Take her class!
5.0 : She is an amazing professor. She is organized and she follows the syllabus. There are papers to write, but not too bad. She gives extra credit, but you've got to go to class to take the quiz, only three questions. She teaches like she remembers what it's like to be a student. Take her, take her, take her. You won't regret it!!
5.0 : She is a great instructor! I had her for both Hrm 150 and MGT 133s and she does a good job in explaining the topics and getting students to actually pay attention.  Her tests are fair.  If you study her powerpoint slides and study guide you will do fine.  Expect to do a presentation and paper in both of those classes.  Take her if you can!
5.0 : I love this woman! she is up there in my top 3 professors from the entire university. I have taken two classes with her, shown up every day, put in the normal effort, paid attention to lectures, and passed both classes with a 97%. She makes it so easy to stay intrigued during lectures, and it doesn't hurt that she's smoking! HIGHLY RECOMMEND
5.0 : I had no idea HR could be so enjoyable until I took HRM150 with Dr. B! She is an excellent professor who clearly explains the content and cares about her students' success. Extra credit opportunities are available and exam reviews were super fun. Seriously, such a great class.
5.0 : One of the best professor's at Fresno State! She wants her students to succeed and cares about every single one of them. Her lectures are well organized as well as the structure of her class. Everyone should experience how great she is! I would definitely take her class again or any other classes she offers.
5.0 : She is an awesome instructor. There are opportunities for extra credit. Do the reading, show up and you will more than likely do well. You have a couple quick HW assignments, but not difficult. A group project that she explains clearly and open to discussion if there are problems. Only 2 tests and she did a review the class before. Take the class.
5.0 : Dr. B is the best. Came into HR thinking I was going to hate it, she made me love it. Wish I could switch options now, but too late for that. Incredibly nice, always willing to help, not overly critical on the grading, gives you good feedback, and she simply wants you to learn and to enjoy the process. In the top 3 professors I've had at State!
5.0 : Great Instructor, makes you work.  Gives quizzes on every chapter. Homework is easy, in-class group case studies, and one group project. Only 2 exams (midterm and Final). Answered every one of my e-mails, clear on lectures and instructions. Studying a must. As an HR major, I did not study as much as I should have, made it out with a B.
2.0 : You need to do a lot of different stuff like tests, group-work, homework, quizzes, in-class activities... So you have to do a lot of work. First I thought she is a great teacher but then she did some things, which were not really fair in grading. Would not take her again!
4.5 : A very great and thorough professor. Very explanatory and he taught well. LOVED THE CLASS and to say I hate accounting too. Easy to pass if you do all the homework online and the group project too which shouldn't be hard. He drops the lowest exam so if you do well on all 3 exams you won't have to take the final. TAKE HIM YOU'LL LOVE IT!
5.0 : Oh my gosh. Thank heavens for professors like Baker! Best professor I have ever had. I wanted to major in Business Management, but not anymore! Future CPA right here! I LOVE accounting!
5.0 : Had him for 4A Financial Accounting, loved him and loved the subject.  Took him for 144 Individual tax, loved him and decided I hated tax and wanted to do audit.  Great professor, always willing to help, loves his job and his profession outside class.  Not a fan of tax, but he made it bearable.  Funny guy too.  Attend lectures &amp; do practice tests.
5.0 : Had Kalfayan for 144. Had no choice for 145. There are 4 exams with a comprehensive final. He drops the lowest. 3 different tax returns which he does not hold your hand for. Would highly recommend studying the Gleim book- not just study but take the study sessions online. Exams are basically Gleim questions. Extra credit for each exam.
4.0 : Professor Baker is very knowledgable in his field. He owns his own accounting firm so he is very busy. Overall a fantastic teacher; goes over homework questions in class, lectures and makes sure students understand before proceeding. Weekly homework and reading assignments (connect). 4 tests, drops lowest test grade. Great professor and would take!
3.0 : Lectures are boring, but if you listen you can learn stuff. He does a few example problems/cases in class but not much practice. However, he gives solutions to hw that way you can check your answers. I'd recommend doing a lot of practice to get a better understanding of material. I think I do not like tax accounting after all.
3.5 : Baker is the best!!! Lectures are fast paced, but he knows what he is talking about. extra credit is offered. homework is time consuming but doable. drops lowest test score. one group project. answers any questions that you have
5.0 : Lectures cover what is on the exam, homework online helps reinforce concepts. Two tax returns for a total of 75pnts, time consuming but doable. 5 exams, including final, drops the lowest so could avoid cumulative final if you like your score after exam 4. Im not taking the final. Great instructor, real world experience, taking again for 145.
4.5 : He is a great professor, but you need to go to every class session if you want an A. He explain thing clear and in detail. Good luck
5.0 : I had Mr. Baker for ACCT 144 and 145. He is without doubt the best accounting instructor at Fresno State. If you go to ALL classes and take notes, the book is unnecessary. He lectures based on the REG CPA exam so if you plan on becoming a CPA.. take this class. He is a partner at his firm so he has a lot of real life experience.
5.0 : Baker is the most passionate teacher at fresno state. Period. Great guy who cares about people succeeding in life, accounting major or not. Highly recommend doing the homework because it teaches the applications of the questions he asks on the exams. Got an A and while the homework assignments &amp; learnsmart were difficult and tedious they do work.
5.0 : She's a great teacher although she has way to many class discussions. I rarely went to class because she had so many. Overall the class is easy. Her tests are essay based which I found easier as well as the rest of class. The multiple choice part make sure you go over slides because she has questions that aren't on the study guide.
4.5 : Don't need to attend class and don't need to buy the textbook. Two short papers on a book you have to read, one midterm and one final. Exams are multiple choice and an essay. Offers extra credit and provides study guides. Study guides are based on powerpoints. She's nice but her lectures are boring.
4.0 : Professor Hughes is a sweet British woman. She is a good lecturer and she is straight forward with what she expects from you. She usually helps students succeeds and her lectures are very interactive and interesting. She is a fair grader and she teaches a passable and interesting course.
3.0 : Class isn't mandatory to attend because she puts all lectures online. Look over powerpoints before the exam and you should pass at least the multiple choice part. Exams are solely based off a few essay questions, as long as you know some key points to put in yours essay then you should be good. A book is assigned to read and you have to do 2 papers
3.5 : Based off 200 points, so no room for error if you are trying to ace class. Lectures are extremely long, but Dr. Hughes is very passionate and clear. 2 test (m/c &amp; essay) 2 reflection papers on a book, and 1 journal discussion. All very easy and doable. Read off slides for test. Attendance is not mandatory. Does not offer extra credit
4.5 : Midterm multiple choice very straightforward, essay part can be tricky, study your notes. participation is the key to an A. No extra credit, 2  Papers and they will have feedback from her, she will be fair with the grade she gives. Easy A with a little extra work. No question, take her she's is a great Professor!
4.5 : Professor Richaud's lectures are interesting. He draws and writes a lot on the board which is helpful. He's helpful and funny. His French accent is awesome! Some of the info in online quizzes isn't covered in the lecture, so you might want to read the text.
4.0 : Lecture can be boring at times, but there has been some interesting concepts too. We have socrative pop quizzes all the time that are so annoying. Exams and the final are online with unlimited attempts. You have to do a book review that is 40% of your grade. There is also an article review. Thankful, the instructor can be funny at times though!
4.0 : He's a pretty good teacher. His lectures are interesting because he draws on the board and show videos. There's no HW except 9 online quizzes over the course of the semester, but it's unlimited attempts. Beware of class pop quizzes and his book review is 40% of your grade and he's a tough grader. Only one online final and 2 current events papers.
4.0 : Easy class. I really enjoyed what I learned in it and the teacher. 50% of grade is online quizzes which are easy. 10% is 2 journal articles on science articles. 40% is on your paper. we had a book review (basically a long book report). somewhat time consuming but if you talk with him and keep up with it you should do fine.
5.0 : oneword Awesome. He wants the students to understand the concepts rather than taking some tests for which u have to memorize material. He actually wants you to learn. quizzes(3 tries), essay/current events , and investigation. He wants you to take advantage because he makes it easy for u and if u cant understand this then something is wrong lol.
3.5 : rarely homework in class investigations if you don't finish become homework. a couple of online quizzes w unlimited attempts which is good because they are difficult and time consuming. Had an A for all the quizzes and investigations, but the paper which is due like 2 weeks before finals i got a C :( tough grader :( had all A's ended up w b :((
3.0 : Lectures are well structured &amp; the way he presents the material is very clear. By far one of the most organized professors at State. However, he grades papers very hard. There are about 7-9 online chapter tests, 2 current events (1/2 page each), 1 final, and 1 book report (worth 40% of your grade!). You will learn in his class.
3.0 : His class is very structured, especially his lectures. He does not take attendence, but Beware of pop quizzes. Also, his term paper is worth 40% of the class and he's a very hard grader. One thing about him is you will never know where you stand and what grade you have in the class until the semester is over. He takes forever to grade assignments!
4.5 : I regret that I didn't attend class much, this guy was AWESOME. There was structure to his lecutures which made it easy to follow. A's should be expected if you do all your work
4.0 : Professor Mathieu is straightforward about what he wants. The main thing you have to do is study his PowerPoints. He has quizzes after each PowerPoint chapter but they're on blackboard and you can take them over as many times as you want for a better grade.  Beware of his book report. If you don't do it you can only pass with a D at best.
3.0 : Good guy and very funny. However, I don't care for his class structure. We had quizzes on blackboard, all due at the end of the semester. Any work we handed in weren't put into blackboard. Had no idea where I stood in the class before the final. Big term paper due couple weeks before the final (40% of grade). Lots of group work.
5.0 : Such a good teacher! Assignments are very straight forward. Study guides are given for test! Study and you'll get an A!
5.0 : Professor George is a wonderful teacher and makes her lectures very interesting by using her personal experiences and family stories.  Her exams are half essay and half multiple choice, but as long as you study her power points and her study guides, you should do great!  Go to each of her classes because she will sometimes offer extra credit!
5.0 : The sweetest professor ever.
5.0 : I love her, class is always interesting and we have a lot of discussion. She gives out a study guide before her exams which is very helpful. Don't skip class because she gives out class assignments
5.0 : Dr. George was so hilarious and she was one of the best teachers I have taken. There are 2 tests and a final(non comprehensive). Her lectures were interesting most of the time, with stories about her husband and her personal life that were always entertaining. I would highly recommend anyone to take this class, especially college freshmen.
1.0 : Think of MGT110 X's 2 course work, with a ridiculous grade scheme.
5.0 : Not an easy A by any means, but you will learn a few things. Class is not that hard just the service learning is very time consuming.  Be careful with group selection and don't end up getting stuck with slackers.  She has some fun stories to tell and make class interesting.  She gives some good advice and wants her students to succeed. Thanks PT.
5.0 : Idk why she is getting bad reviews. She truly cares about her students. If you need help, ASK! She will answer questions that you may have. Her fill-in parts are tough on the exam just b/c there's a lot of info to know. There's a lot of work to put in this course. If you don't study, you won't do good in this class. Love her personality.
3.5 : Does NOT accept late assignments. Tough grader if you don't follow every little instruction for papers , etc. Make sure your presentation is AT LEAST 20 minutes. We were 18 minutes and got docked really hard.
2.0 : She locks the door literally on the dot of your class start time. she won't open the door after that. material isn't hard, she provides good stuff on blackboard.  She kinda has OCD, if your work isn't done her way, she won't give you full credit. No room for creativity,  she just cranks out everyone to be the same interview pic is showed to class
4.0 : She does not curve or round grades, She tells you this from the beginning of the course &amp; repeats it throughout the semester. I ended with the 79.4, it killed me to see the C on my transcript but I should have studied harder. She is an awesome professor, very engaging &amp; will entertain you with real world stories about the work place.
5.0 : Best MKTG teacher
2.0 : There are 2 group projects throughout the semester. One isn't very difficult, the other is very time consuming. Even though the projects will take a lot of time, the key to this course is exams. Exams make up most of your grade. Her exams are pretty difficult. Going to class is required, but won't with anything, so make sure you read.
1.0 : started off the semester by saying "i hate kids."quizzes are super hard, i cried after each one and studied hard. idk what to expect on the tests and barely past her class. i have a 3.8 gpa. She doesn't give extra credit, idk why If you are going to put in the effort. She makes the class so hard so students drop and she dosent have to grade.
4.0 : Great professor! Seems a bit intimidating at first but warms up throughout the semester. Book isn't needed but pay attention to her lectures. There are two group projects that consist of 20 min presentations. The service learning project is very time consuming but she's very helpful with it throughout the semester. TAKE HER CLASS!!
3.0 : - Don't need book; study from the ppt and go to class, by that I mean 10hrs of memorizing the ppt before each exam and you will do fine.  - A LOT of WRITING  - No extra credits (Unless you're the leader of Service Learning) - Overall, not that difficult.  -  I didn't learn that much about mktg so take it w/ someone else. But she makes class fun
5.0 : Awesome professor. class is not hard at all I did the basic studying and work and past with a B. She answers emails the same day and is very helpful.
2.0 : Reads off slides the whole time and when you present expects you to not read off the slides or notes! Participating with groups in this class was an awful experience.  Students do yourselves a favor and chose different teams for the SL and mini-project.  Cons: No office hours. .Unapproachable. Boring lectures.  Pros: ...
5.0 : Professor Turnbull is one of the best professors I have had while at Fresno State. She is so funny, has outside real world experience and works hard to get students ready for graduation. I would take any class that she teaches and highly recommend her as a professor.
2.0 : Will not raise grade even though it's a 89.6. Be ready for a sarcastic semester. Does not make time for teaching job. Said she was too busy to meet up to discuss final, due to the fact she had a day job that was more important.
5.0 : Turnbull is awesome. She will does a really good job making everything simple and she's very straight forward with what she wants. Study for the test (especially the free response) and the class isn't hard. Also make sure to pick good groups for service learning. Overall she was great.
4.5 : She knows her stuff. Her classes are actually college level. If you read and pay attention to the materials, not only will your papers be better, but you'll actually end up learning a lot. She is helpful, but don't appear to have a high tolerance for stupidity. I wish I had taken another class with her.
4.5 : Yes this isn't an easy class but I finally feel like I really challenged myself, learned something and took a COLLEGE LEVEL class instead of the high school presentation that many of the classes are at State are. She is very intelligent and very knowledgeable.
5.0 : AWESOME! She is tough and she will make you work hard but she does an outstanding job teaching. Her knowledge and passion for the subject is an inspiration.
3.5 : She made me work for my grade. There is an enormous amount of reading you have to do, all in Spanish of course. You write two essays,  have random quizzes without warning on a certain reading ( She won't tell you when the quizzes are), and you have a group presentation near the end of the semester. Trust me on this, SHE WILL MAKE IT A CHALLENGE!
4.0 : At first I didn't like her class but as the semester went by it was good. Participate in class. Readings are long but it helps during class discussion. Read half of the reading so you know what going on. Quiz are based on readings like the short stories. Not hard at all. The test were  just based on critical thinking short answer format.
2.0 : So much reading. If your Spanish isn't too good you wont understand the reading. The lectures are all based on what you read the night before and the articles are SOOO long :(
4.0 : She uses a harsh grading contract. If you miss 1 assignment, you automatically get a C. If you miss 2 then you get a D. At least one assignment for every class. Overall it is very high paced but as long as you keep up with assignments, then you'll automatically get a B.
5.0 : Ginny is a great instructor. She helped me so much and I learned a ton.
4.0 : Dr. Niles-Goins is awesome. During this course you are placed in 2 groups in which she assigns. The presentations/projects are a lot of fun. In her class, you will build a relationship with nearly every classmate. I recommend her class if you're in need of breaking out of your shell, or wanting to meet new people. I really enjoyed her lectures!
4.5 : Vega is a really great professor! You need to go to class, for he lectures using the board!  His lectures cover what he expects you to know, and he will tell you what he emphasizes, and what will most likely not be tested heavily (helpful come the final)! Go to his office hours! Really there for the students! Overall he is great professor!
5.0 : Oscar is a great teacher. He really wants you to learn the material. Homework problems are harder than exam questions since you have a week to solve them as opposed to 50 mins. Math 171 is a hard class but if you really try you will feel good when its all over. Hopefully Oscar teaches the class again but I don't know if he will.
4.5 : Oscar is very passionate about his teaching! He is willing to help you in any way during his office hours. Drop the lowest quiz. There are 10 quizzes, 3 midterms and a final. But you still have to put a lot of work in the class. Gives out chocolates every week! He also has a sense of humor.  Overall, he's a great professor.
4.0 : Best professor for calculus (75). His lectures are clear and straight forward, all you have to do is study and pay attention. Caring during office hours and very patient and wants you to understand the material.
5.0 : For this class, it takes a lot of practice to understand the concepts. He does a good job in class to show you those concepts but if you don't understand he has office hours where he will help you solve any problems you have. Also, he has a great sense of humor.
2.0 : He is the type of teacher that will offer help if asked for, but the structure of his lectures are horrible. Instead of using the examples given before a section, he jumps straight into the actual problems. He wouldn't be the right teacher for students who need more in depth lectures in order to understand a concept.
4.0 : He is a good teacher if you are understand math. If you are good at math you will find him a great teacher, but if you have trouble with math he might no be the best. He is very good at explaining things but there are thing he assumes you know/remember how to do. The textbook is for the mymathlab website (You don't need a physical copy for 75a).
4.5 : Oscar expects a lot out of his students but he always believes in their abilities. Go to class and especially his office hours- he's a huge help there. He drops your worst two quizzes and homework assignments (all online) at the end of the semester. Overall he's a great professor.
3.0 : He is a very good teacher and all but you are expected to know  and remember everything you already passed or covered. He is smart and you can tell he is passionate about the subject but the class is very hard if you don't already generally know what you are supposed to do. Go to all classes and office hours and take good notes or you wont pass.
2.5 : Assignments are large, due often, and difficult. Lectures are confusing and he refuses to review past material that he thinks you should already know. Tests are complicated. He refuses to curve grades. Told the class after the second test if we were failing now we were failing the course. Killed my motivation in all my classes. Wouldn't take again.
4.0 : its so interesting that you remember everything so studying isn't hard
4.5 : Interesting course and lectures. Cool and amazing teacher. She makes an effort to recall all the names of her students. Easy in-class thought papers. One major group project. :)
5.0 : Dr. Mccoy is an awesome professor, her lectures are so interesting you want to show up to class. I actually looked forward to going to her class. You take a decent amount of notes her test aren't hard as long as you review your notes and go to lectures. Attendance is mandatory but she cancels class a lot. No homework
5.0 : Honestly, after the first three class meetings Dr. McCoy became my favorite professor. Four years at State and not one of my professors impacted me like she did. She's so passionate in the way she teaches her lectures and makes classes very enjoyable.
5.0 : Dr. McCoy is phenomenal. Passionate about what she teaches and really engages during her lectures. 10 short reflection papers, no right or wrong answer. A midterm, final and paper. Tests can be a little tricky, read the question carefully. Study guides are straight forward. Suggests the text, but you can get by without it. Highly recommended her.
4.0 : Dr. McCoy is a really laid back and cool professor but she cancels class a lot. Be ready to study when it comes time for the exams. And though she states that she won't ever try to trick you, she words the exams weird and it throws you off a bit. We used the textbook like two times only this semester (for an assignment and final exam questions).
5.0 : Dr. McCoy is funny and informative. Her lectures and course material are enjoyable. She has a clear grading criteria and wants her students to learn. She gives out study guides for tests and she assigns some fun in class writing assignments. Show up to class every day and you will get an A or B. She was my favorite professor so far in MCJ.
1.0 : This is the worst professor at Fresno State. She never shows up to class and expects students to know the material on the test. If this is not your major don't take her! She never ever keeps ups with grades especially not blackboard. Super irresponsible and doesn't care to reply to email on time.
4.0 : I loved this class! The tests aren't exactly easy, but not hard. There are bi-weekly reflection papers that are about 2 pages. At the end of the semester you do a group project and paper. Overall, it's pretty easy and she's really helpful and open
3.5 : Dr. McCoy was pretty cool. This was taken for my GE so i was falling asleep. Take notes and pay attention.
4.0 : Lots of writing assignments but mostly small ones. Only one large formal paper. Easy to understand. Grades  and gives back work quickly. Pop quizzes but easy ones.  Gives out optional extra credit. Replies to emails right away. Goes over exams and sometimes gives back points for confusing questions.
4.0 : Dr. Muller is fantastic. Not only is she interesting and funny, her teaching style is so much better than just reading info off a PowerPoint. The class is group discussion-based. She values critical thinking, so she would pose questions and have you answer them as a group, but if you were stuck, she was always there to help clarify. Great class.
5.0 : She's lit, best professor in the biology department. Love her!
4.0 : I like that she doesn't do the usual power point lecturing. She has us to group discussion and find the answers ourselves which helps you learn a lot more. I just wish she would make sure we found the right answer before moving on or we leave. Otherwise, the class was great.
5.0 : I took Dr. Muller for Scientific Writing. She is AMAZING. She gives great feedback, is easily accessible, makes class fun, and you can really tell that she wants you to succeed. If you are unsure of what class to take and you see that she is teaching one, take it, doesn't matter what it is, take it!
5.0 : Dr. Smith is a great teacher that gives a lot of great feedback and really makes sure  his students do well. You can tell that he actually wants his students to succeed and that he has passion for the field. Great teacher, just make sure you show up to class and do what you need to do and you will have a great semester.
4.0 : He is pretty funny, and has great information in his power points. He has a particular style of grading the exams which he does in front of you, and requires a major paper, and is pretty tough on citation and references.
5.0 : He's a great professor! You will learn a lot and you can tell how passionate he is, in his field of expertise. He is funny and very knowledgeable. He also cares a lot that you know what you need to know in order to be a good counselor.
4.0 : Dan is an amazing professor who treats you like a graduate student. That means no extra credit.  However, he is really fun and understands that the class is something everyone dreads so he tries to make it fun. Beware of the paper, he is strict on APA so get help with your paper ahead of time. Dan really knows his stuff, I would recommend him.
5.0 : Mrs. Dormedy is such a nice person, she really cares about her students. Her class is not difficult, although the concepts may be a bit tough. If you study for the exams you should be solid. There are two exams and a comprehensive final.
4.0 : Very enthusiastic and funny. Not only educates you on food but also on life. 3 tests (you do need the book to study), attendance, community service, portfolio, and discussion board hw ultimately add up to your grade. Does offer extra credit so take advantage of it. Class and lab were very fun. So glad we have him at Fresno State.
5.0 : Excellent Professor. Expects a lot from his students but aways want everyone to learn. Wish he would teach more classes! Ill have to say one of the best professor you will ever have.
3.5 : Pushes his students to work hard. Be expected to put a lot of time into the projects. He is very honest and upfront and can be sort of intimidating because he is so blunt but he has a very open mind and is such a wonderful teacher you can learn so much knowledge from. Knowledge not only about the course subject but how to view life as well.
2.0 : Makes people break up into groups a lot and seems lazy because she almost wants us to teach each other.
4.0 : She's an amazing professor, she kind of reminds me of a college student but she's not. She's easy to pass, just do whatever she asks for. She assigned an 8page paper, expect that, guys. Good luck!
3.5 : English 5A: Be prepared to write a lot of essays. We wrote about 5 but never more than 5 pages. We used the textbooks often. Just show up and do the work and you'll get credit. For English 5B: We wrote 2 reflection papers and 2 lengthy essays. Literally, just try your best, turn in your homework on time, and show up and you're guaranteed an A.
5.0 : She is a very great teacher. She explains her assignments very well. if you need extra help, she's always willing to help. She has the semester planned already, go in and do what she has as the schedule. She might change it here and there but her way of teaching is superb. There is also some readings, but its for your own benefit. Recommend!!!!!!!!
5.0 : EASIEST &amp; COOLEST ENGLISH TEACHER ! Gives you a lot of time to work on essay .  Sometimes, she don't even check Black board homework.  At least 3 essays each semester but very easy.  Really kick back and chill class.  I remember the whole class pass with As and Bs !! TAKE HER!!  I pass with A . EASY !
5.0 : She is an amazing teacher!  Very helpful and kind! The entire class was fun and easy.  There are 3 papers but all were very interesting fun topics nothing that involved research and reports.  She is very  enthusiastic about the class therefore made it fun!  Do your readings and pay attention then you will definitely pass with an A!
5.0 : If you follow directions and do the work, you'll be fine. She is very helpful and answers questions but some had trouble because there is a lot of outside preparation needed for the speeches. Be sure to attend class because there are a lot of participation points throughout the semester.
4.0 : She just keeps the class entertained by showing us videos of what are considered bad speeches. She gives good feed back after each speech. You do a total of three speeches. The book is required in order for you to take the online quizzes that she has us do. She is a very hilarious professor.
5.0 : She was the most interesting instructor I ever had she's amazing soo fun and alive she was like one of us just come to class do the speeches she explains everything well you won't be disappointed :)
5.0 : Great Pilates Instructor. I loved the class.
4.5 : VERY moody, will come in in a horrible mood, but once he starts teaching his mood lifts. He will explain anything until you understand it, is more than happy to answer any questions when you ask. Tests are challenging, but study! Lab attendance is mandatory, but if the lab is done early he lets you go.  He's intolerant of students talking over him.
5.0 : Honestly, I think that if I had another lab professor id be failing chem. Professor Stratman actually takes the time to help you out in whatever you need whether its from the lab manual or Mastering homework (online hw). His quizzes are kind of tough they're not multiple choice but he gives you as many points possible. Over all, great instructor!
4.0 : He likes to focus on one thing at a time so don't ever interrupt him while he's focusing on that one thing. Overall pretty great lab instructor. Goes through all the steps with you and he's very lenient about it. Also, he helped a lot with Chem3A if lecture didn't cover it. Probably one of the coolest lab instructors I've had. Lets you go early .
5.0 : Stratman is an amazing teacher! He's always willing to help if you need help. There were times in lab where I wasn't sure about what to do and he was always willing to help if I asked for help or if I looked confused.
4.0 : Mr. Stratman made chem lab fun and easy. Ask for help when you need it, he's very approachable and would love to help you! He followed rules from another professor so he did not make up the quizzes, they are very hard (cumulative) so study!!
4.0 : He's very knowledgeable and gives a walkthrough of the lab before you do it. He reviews and answers any questions before quizzes. Stratman is very approachable and he likes his job as a professor even though it's obvious when stress gets to him. You need a D to pass the class, lab reports are due weekly, 3-4 essays in the semester. 3 absences max.
4.5 : I thought she would ramble and go off topic. I had her for a lecture and 1 hour classes cover more material than her. She says you need the textbook, but the tests are off strictly the power-points she shows in class and posts online.  Attendance is recommended for videos that she shows which she later asks questions on for tests.
3.5 : The test comes straight from powerpoints. Not hard to pass with a C or better.  One midterm, one final, and one term paper
4.5 : Some of her classes are about 3 hours long, but she releases students early, especially on review days. For the exams, just study the PowerPoint lectures (she tells you exactly what slides to study) and the exam questions are not tricky, very easy if you study. If miss class ask your peers if a video wash shown- they are on the test too.
2.0 : She lectures straight from the book, and is very hard to follow if you take it as a night class. Grade is only one paper, midterm and a final. No study guide. If you read the book and take notes in class you'll do well. But not the most interesting. The subjects covered can be very sensitive. Nice woman.
5.0 : Her class was very easy and sometimes we get into good discussions and it makes it interesting. There's 1 rough draft, 1 midterm, 1 final draft, and 1 final. Her tests are strictly from the power points. No study guide but she tells you which slides to study on review day. She's a very nice and sweet lady. Her tests are not hard. And no Hw! Easy A!
2.0 : Graded on 1 rough draft, 1 final paper, 1 midterm, and 1 final for a total of 300 points. not much room for error. The class is very dry. She reads straight from the powerpoints and posts them on blackboard before class. There isn't much incentive to actually go to class. She'll basically tell you what's on the exams so study hard and you do well.
2.0 : She is an awesome person, but her class is hard. Yes, attendance isn't mandatory, and she is pretty easy on the paper. but the 66% of your grade is a midterm and test and you better be ready to study your ass off if you want an A. Don't wait until the review session to start studying. She only tells you what not to study.
5.0 : I knew FIN120 would be a very difficult class to me, but Arisian came very highly recommended. Goes over test material before every test. I attended every lecture because finance doesn't come very easily to me. He is very willing to answer questions. Very easy going. Reviews all labs before assigning them as well.
5.0 : He is the best! easy A. easy to understand him. so good at what he does. he bring the real life in the class. He is the man!
5.0 : I seriously love this instructor!!!!...One of the best!!!! He makes class interesting. Multiple choice test which are really easy(if you study and attend class, especially when reviews are given) I guarantee that if you take FIN120 with him you wont regret it!! Got an A on his class.
4.5 : gives you all the questions that are going to be on the test, super nice and very helpful. one group paper and presentation at the end, like 4 tests and a few quizzes. definitely recommend!
5.0 : one of my favorite professors gives you exactly what you need to now on the test . Also great to debate sports with
5.0 : It's a finance class so you need to use your brain of course. But he keeps it as basic and step-oriented as possible. Literally goes over the questions you need to know before the test.
5.0 : He is awsome preforssor. Easy going and very helpful. Exam are very easy if you study. Wish there were more professors like him at Fresno State.
2.0 : This class was so pointless, I learned nothing and recommend you take someone else. But if you are just looking for an easy A then this is the way to go.
5.0 : He gives very good instructions on how to do everything. He does all the labs in class, you will usually finish them in class. Tells you everything that will be on test, don't really need the textbook, just study off of his power points. The only con really is that his lectures are long, and it is finance so it can be boring at times as well.
5.0 : Very direct outline. Points come from: 1. labs (super easy do most of it in class) 2. Stocktrak project (hard work in the beginning of it; just write a solid paper about it at the end) 3. 2 Tests and 1 non-cumulative final (direct study guide week before the test) --easy to talk to, helps you relate to the subject, outlines everything
5.0 : One of the best professors at Fresno State! He  is approachable and wants his students to succeed. He should get a pay raise just because he is that good. I tried taking him for Fin 120 but it was closed by the time it was my turn to register. Take his classes!. I am a former student of his and I approve of this message.
5.0 : Arisian is a great professor. Points come from stocktrak 60 points, 40 from labs and 300 from exams. He tells you what to expect on the test and they are not hard. Start on stock trak early on the semester, don't wait till then end because it's a lot of work.
5.0 : Your final grade is not determined by the grade you receive on your papers. It is based on how many days you miss, missing assignments etc. Easy professor to talk to, help you out if you go in and see her, and will read your essays and give good feedback to make them better. Take her.
2.0 : She doesn't explain herself clearly sometimes but easy A
4.5 : Hooper was amazing english 5a5b teacher! if you hate english and just want to pass it take her class!!!!! she is super easy!!!!!! all you have to do is do a midterm and pass your final portfolio! you can miss up to 5 days to receive an A and 6 days for B! we never had hw except do our 2 essays which were easy! I definatly recommend her easy A!!!!!
4.0 : I love her its an easy class I wouldn't have any other engl professor  do your work and if you need help ask.
5.0 : I love professor Hooper she is easy and so helpful. If you have question or struggles talk to her she'll help you out on your writing. On second semester for final you'll be doing an 8-10 page research project. I know it seems hard but trust me she makes it seem easy.
5.0 : Professor Hooper is probably the best professor I've had so far. She's really easy to talk to and she really cares about her students. Overall, she's pretty chill and funny. Don't forget to do any of the assignments she occasionally assigns, do the final paper, and don't miss more than 6 class periods and you're guaranteed an A.
4.0 : Mrs. Hopper is an Awesome and Easy professor. Any student who takes her will get an easy A if no assignments are missing. The class may go slow at time, but hey that leaves more time for extra homework you may have!
5.0 : Take her if you can!! Really cares about her students. Class was always interesting. Not a lot of homework at all. Only 1 midterm paper and final paper. She is so respectable and I'm glad I switched professors to get her for 5B.  Great professor
4.0 : i first started in another professors class and didn't like her, so i decided to check professor hooper class out. Hating english i was hoping to lend up with a cool professor and i did. very laid back, work load isn't heavy, and easy to talk too. most professors seem unapproachable but she is very approachable. great professor overall.
5.0 : Taking ENGL 5A5B with Hooper has been an amazing experience! I learned a lot from her class and learned a lot about her, which made me admire her even more. She's a really understanding teacher too. If you have anything you need help with, go to her office hours or email her! She's always willing to help! We usually don't have a lot of hw!
4.5 : Very passionate professor, and cares about her students excel. Go to her office hours if you are struggling. I enjoyed her class and it was a great learning experience. as long as you do all your work and pass portfolio you can receive an A in her class.
5.0 : She is easy teacher. U don't too much homework n stuff. She gives u 2 more weeks to resubmitted the work to get better grades that u already did. She is very nice and lead back.
4.0 : Laura was a sarcastically fun teacher. Very nice and pinky. essay grading are a little tough but she is very lenient. helpful and testes are short and to the point. as long as you understand the material than you will pass.
4.5 : Smart, insightful. If you are smart and like philosophyphilosophical discussion, find her outside of class as well. She loves her topic and she's a special teacher (maybe not for everyone, but she'll go out of her way for you). She looks young, thinks old, and is SUPER hot.
5.0 : Professor Ganci was an amazing professor. I took her online hybrid class and she was always available when I had questions. Very flexible
4.0 : Ganci is a great teacher. Very easy  and is willing to help. On some of her assignments she not very clear but you can just text her and she'll clear it up for you. A quiz every week very easy and theres no final.
3.5 : I really liked him as a teacher!! He is somethimes very hard to understand but is always willing to clarify and explain things twice if you aren't getting it. He also wants everyone to pass. I didn't, but he was still the best math teacher I've had.
5.0 : Excellent professor. Funny,smart, passionate, clear and concise. Couldn't ask for a better professor.
3.0 : He's a cool guy but not a great professor. There are weekly quizzes and 4 exams. Calc 1 isn't that difficult but the examples he did in class were too easy and not well rounded.  Homework was wayyy harder than the tests and it took forever. Gives study guides but they're not very helpful. Tests in general aren't that bad but he doesn't prepare well
4.0 : Great professor, the material is not too bad to understand, just make sure to practice enough at home, plus everything is in his lectures. Beware though, he is a tough grader, very hard to get full credit on a problem. Other than that, as long as you pay attention in lectures and do what you're supposed to do, you should be fine.
5.0 : Homework and tests are similar, although I think he made the tests easier.  Make sure you practice and ask help when needed. Ive stopped by his office a few times and was always a great help to me.  You take 4 midterm exams plus 1 to replace the lowest score, and the final exam.  Homework assigned average once every 2 weeks or week and 1/2.  SWELL!
4.5 : Comlan Souza is a great professor, I mean sure this class isn't easy, it's calculus!!! But show up to class and he will teach you the material. Midterms are a challenge but if you study you shouldn't have a problem.
4.5 : Mr. C is the best math teacher I have had in my life. His lectures are very clear and it is very easy to understand each of his steps when he is solving a math problem. He is always willing to help and he cares about each of his students. I highly recommend him and I wish he could teach all of my required math classes.
5.0 : He is an amazing professor. He cares about you passing and will answer any questions you have without a second thought. Does many examples on the board. He gives out weekly quizzes not worth a lot. There is weekly homework on my math lab. There are 4 tests and a final. It's calc so it's hard but he makes it bearable.
2.0 : Professor de Souza has trouble teaching Calculus I (75). Mr. De Souza is a nice guy(If he was in college, I'd chill w/him), but doesn't always put enough effort into us students. Whenever I'd go to office hrs he was always trying to rush me - sometimes he would even ask me to leave (during office hours) and come back later. Really tough quizzes.
3.0 : Dr. Souza is an okay professor. If you aren't really great at math you might not do well because he doesn't write his own tests and they are harder than the material he covers in class. I didn't pass his class but had a C up until the last exam and the final(I failed both). Guess I will just have to take it again next semester(sigh).
4.0 : A Good professor. Yep he does brag a lot however, he's funny and sometimes entertaining. Both the Midterm and final were both take home exams and the assessment project which a one page paper.  Easy class.
5.0 : Dr. Glidden is a great individual even though he brags so much about himself. COUN 203 was super easy but he does keep class all the way and he never cancels class. There are a midterm and a final, both take home and a paper at the end which is super easy. His lectures are sort of boring.
3.5 : Class consists of take home mid-term and final exams along with a one page report. Dr. G shares his experiences in counseling and grad school; sometimes includes jokes and expresses himself.
4.0 : i had her for lecture and lab. she's great! just go to class and do the homework and you will be fine
5.0 : Professor Constable is awesome. Curves the grade scale so an "A" is 85% or higher and a "B" is 75% or higher and so on. 3 midterms and 1 final lowest score gets dropped. I obsoletely love going to her class cause she is so passionate about course and she is very knowledgeable. She gives stud guides for all her test. Recommend taking her lab. TAKE!
5.0 : Julie is a AMAZING professor, I had her for BIO1B lecture and Lab. Her lectures are well structured and interesting. Participation/attendance is worth like 15% so GO to class. Her grading scale is great, an A in the class is a 85% and a B is a 75%. There is alot to understand in this class so reviewing/studying her PowerPoints for exams is a must.
4.5 : one of the best professors at state! shes so sweet and her lectures are interesting, such an easy A if you actually study and put a good amount of effort into her class!
5.0 : Sweetest, nicest teacher on campus. Really passionate about what she's teaching and makes the material easily understandable. Curves the grade so you only need 85% as an A. Not much to do in lab, just attend and you'll pass. 3 Midterms and one final, one midterm dropped. You also do 5 current event summaries, but only 100 words each. Easy class!
3.5 : She's super enthusiastic and very passionate about what she teaches. Personally, her lectures are hard to follow along to and it can drag on. She does give out study guides but they don't really relate with the test. It's an okay class.
5.0 : Julie Constable is the most understanding professor ever! She will work with you to turn in late or unfinished assignments, &amp; instead of having one big midterm, she broke it up into 6 smaller quizzes! If you cheat in her class, I have no respect for you because she really goes above and beyond to help her students succeed in the class.
5.0 : She is the best lecturer ever. I thought I would hate this class but she makes it so interesting and fun! She is very understanding and really cares about her students. She wants you to pass! she is not out to get you!  If you put forth the effort and A is easily achievable
3.0 : Solely depends of powerpoint lectures but still read your book coz its very helpful! She is okay but there is a lot of work. The grading system is hella curved so there is no dropped tests and no curve on each test. Always show up in class for attendance and participation. She makes her own tests which are hard.
5.0 : Best Professor Ever. The test are super easy as long as you study/ memorize the information on the study guide. Super easy class and lecture is interesting, she plays videos and images to help you comprehend the material. TAKE THIS CLASS!!!
3.0 : The only complaint I had is we had so much to cover in such little time, so sometimes it felt like the lectures were rushed and it was hard to keep up. But, you just need to study on your own. Her lectures and textbook help the most, don't rely on the study guide too much. She went easier on us with the last test and offers extra credit which helps
5.0 : She's one of the most caring and most passionate instructors at Fresno State. Will go out of her way to help you in anyway. Gives out tons of extra credit and curves the class to where if you get an 85% overall, it's considered an A. 3 midterms, 1 final (cumulative). 2 writing assignments in lab.
4.0 : This class is a piece of cake.  Labs are quick and easy, usually end early.  Show up to lecture for participation points. They'll save you for when you only spend 2 hours studying right before exams.  Test questions are not straight forward and are trickier than expected. Just show up, go to lab, do activities, online tests. Anyone can get an A
5.0 : She's REALLY cares for her students. I missed the first day of lab (don't do this!) &amp; she helped me to contact my lab TA to resolve it. She also emailed me during the summer &amp; brought to my attention that I didn't do the online modules (didn't know I had to) that are exam based, so she granted me an extension to complete them for an A in the class.
3.0 : Very sweet lady, however she does ramble during lectures. The class was on a curve so an 85% was an A. Uses TopHat for participation, so it helps to read the night before. Overall easy class, but if you can't stand boring lectures don't take her.
5.0 : great professor. She offers around 20 extra credit points through bio portal. 3 midterms and the final. attendance isn't mandatory, but if you go you can get easy iclicker points. Homework isn't hard.
5.0 : I'm lucky to have taken her for both lab and class. She's really sweet and nice and I think she gave me a higher grade than I deserve! :D LOVE HER TAKE HER!!! btw the class was interesting! I like the health lecture but I disliked bio portal even though it was easy. :D
4.0 : I came into this class having high expectations for Julie but honestly, she has been a good teacher. It is just up to you to read and go to to lectures.
5.0 : Very helpful and kind to students. Also very accommodating to busy schedules.
5.0 : She is a good instructor for both lab and lecture. Sometimes a little bit disorganized but overall she really cares about her students and wants everyone to do well. She offers extra credit, make sure to go to class so you don't miss out on those opportunities. 3 midterms, one midterm was online, as well as one lab practical being online.
4.0 : Prof. Constable is pretty cool. Just pay attention to the lecture and check blackboard for the work. Don't miss out on the quizzes. She goes through the lectures quickly, because there's a lot to cover. The tests are pretty tough, so study hard, and go to SI if necessary.
3.0 : She is a great teacher and passionate on what she teaches. I would recommend this class.  bio lab is part of the class including the grade 4 midterms and 1 final ( consist of all the previous test) hw and quizzes are done online. extra credit for participation going to si session are helpful class is not mandatory but it is better to go
3.0 : might just be im not a good science person but it was tough. but lab helped raise my grade up alot or else i would have failed.
5.0 : I had Dr. Constable for both lab and lecture. She is very sweet and caring, and I can say that she really does go the extra mile for her students. Both lab and lecture are 100% memorization. Can be difficult but if you work for it you could definitely get an A.
4.0 : Professor Constable's Bio 10 is a very easy and informative class.  She posts her class powerpoints online, you get "clicker points" for participating in class, and she provides a study guide.  The tests are multiple choice, and some of the harder questions she repeats so you can try two different answers.  Really nice teacher.  Great class.
4.0 : Constable is so sweet and so easy and helpful! Take this class to get Bio 10 out of the way. The only downside is the fact that people who don't care to participate  talk non stop and its frustrating.
3.0 : LECTURES ARE LONG AND NOT VERY INTERESTING. SHE IS THOUGH PASSIONATE ABOUT THE COURSE. HER STUDY GUIDES ARE NOT HELPFUL. EXAMS ARE HARD IF YOU DO NOT STUDY ENOUGH.
5.0 : Totally amazing!!! Gives extra credit when she knows the class isnt doing well. Outlines study guides for each final. Totally accommodating too. Prof. Constable is ah-mazing! And this is coming from someone who hates science.
4.0 : Make sure you do good on test! not a hard class but you do need to do the work. she  is so very sweet and passionate
4.0 : Rarely used textbook, but do need access codes for Connect use. Easy lectures, as long as you have great study habits you'll pass with an A
4.5 : Hands down easiest class. Show up for iclicker points (quite a bit). Textbook is whatever since you can view it online, its only needed for the online codehomework. Grading scale is lower than you'd expect. Tests are exceptionally easy. Lab component is most important. Personally didn't care for the class.
5.0 : Proff. Constable is awesome! She's really passionate about the subject &amp; is always filled with energy when teaching. If you're the type that likes a proff to respond to emails &amp; update grades daily/weekly then take her! She's very organized and super nice. My advice is to not buy the book and just listen to lectures + do the SG.
5.0 : Took her both both bio 1b lecture and lab. She was awesome. Everything rational. Grading fair. some extra credit in lecture. Read the text book use her powerpoints and you'll be fine. Lab is difficult, memorization heavy. Stay on top of lab.
4.0 : Only 3 exams and all other work and quizzes are done online. She offers a lot of extra credit! Great teacher. She does give iclicker quizzes in almost every lecture so it's important to go to class.
5.0 : Prof. Constable is very passionate about what she is teaching. Make sure to study off the study guides! It is exactly what is going to be on the test. Recommend taking if you love learning about animals!
5.0 : Dr. Constable is very sweet &amp; passionate on what she teaches. A lot of her lectures are pretty straightforward &amp; not too difficult, which they do help on the tests. She does give out iClicker quizzes for participation as well as extra credit. You'll be amazed with what you'll learn from this course!
5.0 : Best professor I've had at Fresno state so far! Very passionate about Biology and knows her stuff! She's such a sweetheart and will go beyond and above to help her students. The exams call for ALOT of studying, no joke. There are study guides. Lectures are long but she clarifies everything! I recommend and would take again!
5.0 : She is easy and straight forward. The study guides are the same questions for the test so if you study enough, the tests are fairly easy. The only thing that is tricky is the multiple choice because two answers may work but you have to choose the best answer. The homework is really easy and done online.
4.5 : I enjoyed her personally. She made me want to listen to her lectures. She is so genuinely kind and easy to relate to. She made sure we all knew what was going on in her classes. She genuinely cares about her job and students. Go to class! It is so worth going
4.0 : Julie is a great teacher and doesn't overwhelm her students with a ton of work. Basically if you show up to class and lab, study the Powerpoint slides, do the online homework and do her study guides you'll be on the way to an A. We had 3 tests, 1 final, 4 100 word summaries, online homework about 10-15 assignments and a  2 hour lab once a week.
5.0 : He is extremely professional but is willing to go the extra mile to help a student who is interested in passing the class. He is very loud and full of energy. He always has a smile on his face. He knows what he is talking about and is very passionate about it.
3.5 : Lecture notes are a KEY tool to study for this class. His lectures right before the quiz were a huge hint as to what the quizzes would cover. It is essential to do the hw problems he assigns because they are similar to his exams. His final was similar to his quizzestests. He is truly a phenomenal instructor for organic chemistry. :)
4.0 : Had Dr. Maitra for 2 semesters. Color codes (VERY helpful) &amp; uses quirky but practical explanations. Uses almst same examples every time he teaches mechanisms. Material isnt that hard..what makes it hard is that 1) if you miss 1 thing, you miss a lot (each prob is worth a lot of points) 2) depending on his mood, he'll just take off a lot of points!
4.0 : I was expecting this course to be my most difficult this semester, but it was actually the easiest. Maitra is the only teacher to illustrate everything nicely on the board, but if you don't understand his metaphors, use the book. The book is excellent. Read the parts in the book he goes over in class, do all the example problems, and get your A.
5.0 : Chem is my absolute worst and most hated subject. That being said, this is the best Chem prof I've ever had AND I got a B. I took his summer class, so it may be different than Spring or Fall. He color codes his diagrams and notes, and he uses the whiteboard a lot more than power points. He is super clear when explaining and encourages questions.
2.0 : If you are a chemistry major, if you truly wish to understand the material, find a different professor.  It is clear that Maitra does not want to teach.  Santanu is a great researcher but his focus is on patenting medicinal compounds, certainly not teaching.  I would recommend Attar 100% above Maitra.  Not horrible, but avoid if possible.
4.0 : He's a good instructor and makes ochem easier to understand. His analogies aren't very helpful tho, sometimes they made me even more confused. He is very accessible outside of class and makes sure his students understand the material. The book wasn't used very much. His exams are similar to his lectures so use them to study! Overall I recommend him
5.0 : Best teacher to ever teach Organic Chemistry. Definitely makes it easy to follow and gives you life applicable examples that creates a deeper understanding. Study hard and focus, an A is achievable
5.0 : Dr. Maitra is a caring individual.  If you go to him with questions, he will help.  I would recommend him to all Chem majors and minors.  He employs novel ways of describing complex concepts.  If you attend class and put in effort you will be fine.
2.5 : Maitra is a smart man and knows organic chemistry very well.  That being said, he is unable to convey the material effectively in lecture.  Instead of using definitions, he often tries to explain concepts using convoluted analogies which are often misleading or downright ineffective.  Be prepared to teach yourself from the book.
2.5 : He expect you to be a genius. His tests are not fair and he admits it in lectures. He often puts questions in the exam that would "select the top students" , meaning it not only requires you being on top of ur stuff but beyond. with that said, his lectures are HELPFUL and CLEAR. It's just that his expectations are really high and he grades TOUGH.
3.5 : WILL learn o-chem; great lecturer, can be confusing at times. During the semester, he may seem mean, doesn't accept questions in class, but only does this to challenge you to do your best. 3 tests, 4 quizzes, final. Tests were FAIR with tough extra credit; DO THE hw. Attend reviews! Final:  bit tough; STUDY ALL LECTURE NOTES. Changes grades at end
4.5 : Allows opportunity for extra credit on every exam. Gives so many extra resources to learn and get help in the class. Office hours are always open for him to help you. Half the class is an online lecture and half is in class. Takes some adjusting to get used to. There is a lot of outside class homework. It can have a huge impact on grade.
4.0 : I took Dr. Sabuwala for Calc III, and his instruction covered all the material given on tests; if he didn't go over it, it wouldn't show up on exams. He comes across as strict, but concise would be a better word to describe him. He lays out everything that's expected. Study hard and make an honest effort. Learn mathematica BEFORE the semester.
3.0 : He's willing to help you in any way during his office hours, so take advantage of that. There are 3 midterms and a final. Homework is given, but not graded. It is only for practice. Overall, a great professor!
5.0 : Sabuwala is an amazing professor and is willing to help you out a lot. Gives extra points after tests during his office hours if you explain to him what you did wrong. Doing the workbooks will pay off when you take the tests, since he sometimes gets questions from them. Work hard and you should be prepared for this class.
5.0 : Great teacher. He knows the subject very well and is very helpful during office hours. Do the practice questions and learn mathematica if you want to do well on the tests. He seems really strict, but he's a very nice guy.
5.0 : I consider Dr. Sabuwala to be the best math teacher I've ever had. Show up to every lecture and write down everything he does; it's better than any textbook. Learn how to use Mathematica in the first couple weeks; it will save you in tests. Do all quizzes and hw; it's take-home stuff. It's not an easy A, so prepare to work, but he teaches so well.
5.0 : What can I really say. I'm an engineering major and I heard my boy Sabuwala is the best. Trivial decision to pick him for Math 77 obviously. Very clear and concise. Homework is straightforward. Quizzes every Monday (except on test day). Mathematica is a must, can learn with his videos during semester. An A in the course is very possible. Work hard.
5.0 : He does a wonderful job explaining concepts and applying material, and provides a lot of examples. Really cares about helping his students understand. Super helpful and friendly during office hours. An A is no problem if you study. Definitely learn Mathematica for Math 77 (again, his office hours are great). One of my favorite professors!
5.0 : Sabuwala is a great Calculus 3 teacher. He helps us understand why things are the way they are, rather than helping us memorize processes. 2 homework assignments/week, 5 tests, 1 quiz/week, video questions. I highly recommend watching his online videos and learning how to use Mathmatica, that'll make your life so much easier
5.0 : Sabuwala is excellent! Probably the best math professor I have ever had. That being said, Math 77 isn't easy, but Sabuwala makes everything clear and you actually learn rather than memorizing. Understanding the homework will help tremendously as he puts many questions from the homework on quizzes and tests.  Take Sabuwala over any other professor!
3.5 : Great teacher. Talk to him if you need help or points. Make sure you get all of your points. Tests and quizzes are off of my math lab and study off of it! USE STUDY PLAN! and learn how to use mathematica and itll be a breeze.
2.5 : Doctor Allen is unbelievable instructor, you can reach the stars easy than his classes. He is study for 4 or 5 times longer than me But he expect you to be same as his level.
1.0 : Well, her long lectures were torture but I survived. Her tests were average but her papers were quite complicated when it came down to grading  criteria. She is a grammar Nazi and will take lots of point off your paper. I got a low grade in her class because of my papers. One extra credit that does nothing to your grade. So, best wishes.
5.0 : To be honest, her lectures are long and monotonish. She tries to make it fun sometimes but she speaks softly. Aside from that, she is awesome, very nice, she dresses very nice too, she is pretty funny, and very chill. I would definitely take her again without a doubt. I recommend her to everyone, just make sure to have some coffee or sit in front.
3.0 : If you put in effort you'll get an A, her test are pretty easy and she provides study guides. Her lectures are very boring but she lets class out early almost every class session.
4.0 : Slaton is awesome! I've taken multiple classes with her and I love her! The exams are pretty easy and there are 3 papers throughout the semester. She's funny and super real.
4.0 : She had 2 short (3 pgs) papers, and 5 multiple choice exams. She drops the lowest score from the 1st 4 tests... final doesn't apply to the "drop" exception. Attendance is definitely not mandatory. She gives study guides for every test and will even go over any  questions to clarify &amp; ensure you are prepared and pass.  Super breeze of a class.
5.0 : Very clear as to what is expected. Lowest test is dropped (not the final), and her study guides are very similar to what is on the exam. She is very case/study heavy. Her tests will easily have 10+ questions asking about specific cases. Don't memorize creators, just remember what the study did and the results. Very easy A. 4 Argumentative Essays...
4.0 : She is a solid choice for a professor. The material itself was so-so, but she did her best to keep us engaged. There is an opportunity for a few extra credit points and I would recommend that! Tests can be a little tricky, If you study you should be fine.
4.5 : Cons: grades papers TOUGH on grammar and length! Pros: makes lectures fun with stories and videos, gives 10 pts possible extra credit, tests are easy if you go to class and do study guides. Overall, she is a good teacher who is also funny and "hip". She wears what we wear and watches shows we watch. Book used for two chapters not lectured on
5.0 : Dr S is an awesome and funny professor. Definitely an easy A if you apply yourself. There are 5 exams that consist of all multiple choice. 3 papers that are easy. She gives the opportunity for extra credit. Textbook is required since there are a couple of chapters she does not go over in class, but will be on exams.
5.0 : Amazing teacher and person to be around. She is extremely nice and fun to be around.
3.5 : Super easy class. Great way to get to know fresno state... and easy A .. alot of reports but only like 1-2 pages for the most
4.5 : She is a sweet lady. Easy going, and really chill to talk too as well. Hw is easy. Large lecture are easy points, just sign in and leave, if you want. Only 1 mid exam, and the final is separated into 2 parts. the first part, you take it home, and the second one you finish it in class. Easy class, I recommend her to anyone.
4.5 : Her lectures are great and you will learn a lot. The class is very involved, with iClicker quizzes and group presentations and homework assignments, so be prepared to work on the material outside of class.
4.0 : Amazing instructor and super sweet. Her parenting class was the best class I have ever taken! The information has completely changed the way I interact with children. There is a fair amount of work in the class, nothing overly-demanding!
5.0 : Dr. Dyer is one of the nicest teachers at Fresno State. She's extremely knowledgeable about her field and conveys this very well. She structures her class in an extremely organized fashion and makes lectures interesting. Be sure to do the reading and you will be fine. Tests are not hard if you do the study guide. Dr. Dyer is great.
4.5 : Love her class, is not that hard, but I hate the weekly quiz. Must study to pass exams and quizzes. Attention, keep all note!!!!
3.0 : Dr.  Dyer is a good lecturer and knows what she's talking about. This specific class is challenging and I do have to say is she is a very tough grader when it comes to papers. There are 4 exams worth 100 points. The overall class average for exams was usually in the  C range and lowered a bit as we got to our last exam. the final is a written paper
5.0 : I took her for summer school and she made lecture interesting. She is such a sweet person and really cares about what she's teaching! Although her test were kind of hard because she changes the words and it can be confusing, talk to her and she will clarify things up. Lots of readings too, but she's very inspiring!
3.5 : This was one of my favorite classes. Despite all of the reading and weekly assignments ,readings, and studying, the topics are so interesting! Ask her questions and she will help, but beware that the test questions are very specific! Got an A, so its possible :)
5.0 : One of the best classes I have ever taken at Fresno State. It has forever changed the way I view and interact with children. Class requires attendance and lots of reading but stay on top of it and you should be fine.
5.0 : She is very enthusiastic about the class and has a lot to teach make sure to keep up with the homework and reading not mandatory but a bonus
4.0 : K. Dyer is a very nice person! She makes class fun. This has to be one of my favorite class so far at State. She does i clicker quiz every week for readings. We also had to do some writing assignments which I really liked the fact that we could write about our family experineces. But she does grade pretty hard on the writings. I recommend her!
5.0 : I LOVE HER. She's such a good lecturer and class always flys by quickly! I didn't buy the textbook, but i attended class everyday and still read the readings she posted on BB. There's iclicker q's everyday, but they're really easy if you use common sense and pay attention in class. You have to do video analysis every once in awhile, but super easy.
4.0 : She's a very nice teacher and makes class fun and interesting! However she does weekly quiz and her exams are pretty hard because she switch up the questions and it gets confusing. If you want a easy A, i would recommend you taking a different teacher. :)
4.5 : I have taken 3 courses with her (CFS 31131135).  She is an incredible instructor.  Although the assignments are not super easy, she is very helpful and understanding.  She is an extremely inspiring professor.  There wasn't a day I walked out of her class feeling like I hadn't taken anything useful away from it.  I really recommend her!!!
4.0 : Dyer is a great teacher, no doubt. She knows what she's talking about! It is tough points wise because there are I clicker quizzes at least every week and they really add up. You write at least 6 papers which are pretty easy because they are only two pages long and you MUST read before every class. So prepare yourself.
5.0 : best class/professor
2.0 : Always seems to be in a bad mood. He's rude, condescending, combative, and really doesn't seem like he wants to help all that much. He does say he is opposite of Type A personality, but aside from making this clear to the class, everything else seems like a guessing game.
5.0 : Awesome class!!! you get out at 9:50!!!
5.0 : Dave is AWESOME. Wonderful class!
4.5 : Great professor. Keeps you till 9:50 the whole 3 hours. But well worth my time I learned a lot!
5.0 : EXCELLENT professor. Had this class 7-950 and we got out at that time, you wont get bored though, fun activites, gives GREAT resources, funny guy. His lectures are SO intreresting, I could listen to him talk forever. He's a principal so he gives examples that really correlate to the classroom and the way the education field really is! Def recommend
5.0 : He's a great professor that makes the 3 hours go by quick. e You spend a lot of time talking within your group or as a whole class and you need to participate in order to get the best grade possible. I had him Wed 4-7. This class is not an easy A but if you put in the effort and do your work you'll get the grade you deserve.
5.0 : Dave was an AMAZING professor.  He really cares about his students and treats them with respect. Attendance is important-he keeps you for the entire time, but it flies by because he's that good. He's funny and relevant.  He gives REALLY GOOD resources that are extremely practical. I would definitely say he was the BEST college professor I ever had!
1.0 : Worst professor I have ever had. Does not seem to care about his students, and while he encourages questions, he does not seem to answer them, or rather, answers with a question. He seems to think that his opinion is the one that is right, and if you speak yours, it can be hard to move on from it. Not a kind or caring person, would not recommend.
5.0 : Hes great. Hes so passionate about what he teaches. He really wants new and upcoming elementary school teachers to succeed. I have him from 7-10 at night and sometimes we get out early but when we stay the full 3 hours its never a waste of time!!! He gives great feedback especially on the projects we do. Amazing.
5.0 : No textbook, rarely any homework, and an awesome teacher. This teacher really cares about what he teaches and it's a really really fun class! it involves a lot of participation but that's the point.
2.0 : He's ok but too self centered. Seems to care about students but it's hard to see that - confusing. Can't tell what type of professor he really is. Heavy lecture
4.0 : Not for the faint of heart. Requires creativity and critical thinking. Does not spoon-feed material to you. Lots of experience in the field of education and gives helpful advice for how to get a job and be successful as a teacher. Believes in students and wants to prepare you to be successful. You will work for the grade, but it will be worth it.
4.0 : Great instructor, but you get what you put into it, if you slack you'll get a passing grade but will not gain any knowledge
2.0 : The guy is a funny guy but he shows up into class late, assigns quizzes without warning from 6 am to 11 am when the class is at 11 am. The works is bs, he doesn't care and has his grader does most of the work, berates us as most of us as according to him we won't be engineers cause we use our devices to cheat as he steals all of his slideshows.
5.0 : Great teacher and a great class!  You have to observe a school in your field for a total of 45 hours (4 hours a week).  You also have short weekly assignments, a journal, and a final.  Easy class!
5.0 : Although this class is 2 hours long sometimes she lets you out early. You have to keep journals (observations) on the particular class you are observing outside of the classroom. There is also weekly online writing assignments(1 page). One final and a portfolio.
5.0 : She is amazing teacher
5.0 : One of the best classes I have taken. Really easy to pass with a good grade. Take it, easy A if you go to class.
4.0 : She is so sweet and does great lectures. You will also talk in groups about your observation. Very easy class.
5.0 : Kessey was a great professor. Funny and super helpful
5.0 : she great I recommend taking her. you don't need to know how to do art.
4.0 : Kessey is a very sweet professor! I sucked at sculpture yet received a good grade on each project! Other assignments are straightforward and easy! definitely recommend! No book needed just a handbook that is like $6
5.0 : The textbook costs about $6 from the bookstore and is necessary for project logs/final quiz. The lowest score I received on any project was a B. I am definitely not talented with art; however, I still managed to get an A overall. She is so kind and helpful. As long as you try your best, you are sure to succeed! It expanded my awareness on art!
5.0 : Megan was my ENG 251 teacher in my 3rd semester. By far one of my favorite teacher.  She's very informative and has an awesome teaching style.  Highly recommend taking her class.
5.0 : Great sense of humor, crazy fun class! Lots of in class work, scene studies, directing exercises and such. I had little to no theater experience but felt like he prepared me to potentially direct a student play (class is mostly English Ed. majors). Material is accessible and helps build confidence.
4.5 : Most of our classes were participation based, so if you miss class you're going to take some hits to your grade (I missed a month for surgery, lost lots of pts). The few times he lectured were a bit boring because most of the material was already in the book or obvious. He's really charismatic, clear, and concise in what he expects from the class.
5.0 : A great lab professor who is willing to help you. As long as you read the material prior to class, then this class is easy, highly recommend.
4.0 : Nice, sympathetic professor. To do well in his class, read the chapters (the textbook is a good read) and pay special attention to terms to do well on quizzes and tests. SAP assignments are a breeze, and always try to finish an assignment at least a day or two before it's due (do NOT turn in assignments at 11:59 the day of!). GL, you'll be fine!
4.0 : Very knowledgeable instructor. Lecture are boring but very informational. Easy lab session. Lecture quizs are very simple. Only one midterm and final which are both online. Dr. Henson is very enthusiastic and passionate about his career and  experiences so he can get distracted.
4.0 : HW consists of alot of at home computer work. Tests are difficult, literally read every chapter and follow the study guide he gives you to take notes to study for it. Very understanding and sympathetic. A great teacher with tons of knowledge.
5.0 : 1st teacher i have ever rated, because she was just simply amazing! Took her over the summer for English 1A &amp; I have never met a teacher that was that excited to teach and help you through it! she really is the best, A lot of work, and little things to do, but you are having so much fun doing it, that it actually doesn't bother you
3.5 : She is helpful but this teacher was hard to take serious. She canceled class frequently and when she did have class she would go off on a tangent, to the point where I would want to leave class. She has also frequently gossiped with students about other students. And since the students have noticed she is a pushover, most class time seems pointless
4.5 : Mrs. Rankin is my favorite professor so far, she is really sweet and actually wants to help us improve on our writing. The class is easy as long as you do all the writing assignments you will probably pass.
5.0 : Absolutely my favorite teacher at Fresno State! Shes a great teacher that really cares about her students. There are 3 exams, some activities, a mini project,and a 15 hrs service learning project. She will make this class fun and exciting for everyone.
3.5 : Tough teacher to take for MKTG100S but she is very helpful when needed, course is very time consuming due to several group projects that you will do, not recommended to take this in concurrence with MGT110 (you will have your hands full!) You will have to work hard for an A if you want one!
2.5 : Easily one of the worst teachers in my entire life. And I am only a month in. I hardly ever dislike professors like I do this one. Andersons class is one of those classes that will continue to wake me in the middle of the night scaring the living stuff out of me thinking I am still in this awful class. It isnt even the material that was bad, it h
3.0 : GREAT PERSON! Enjoy hearing her talk about how FABULOUS she is.  Didn't teach much, just blabbed from the power points. A lot of work and group projects.
4.5 : Great instructor! This is the type of instructor that makes an impact on your life. She solidified my decision to go into marketing. Very helpful. Exams are a little tough but just study the key terms in the chapters. Service learning proj is one of the tougher ones with each student having to do 15hrs. A lot of work but completely worth it!
4.0 : Doesn't post the power points online so you need to go to class everyday and take notes. The exams are based on exactly what was taught through the power points so if you listen during lecture and study you should get a good grade. If you have questions just ask, she is very good at clarifying and doesn't make you feel bad for asking.
4.5 : No homework, but at least skim his outlines before the tests.
4.0 : Dr. Happawanna can answer any question a student may ask regarding any topic, and is extremely passionate about the material and teaching it to his students. Dr Happawanna is the only professor that actually brings demonstrations to class;that is, he brings examples that are hard to see in paper but apply to real world designs.
5.0 : One of the best teachers in the department. Cares about student success, is willing to work with the students, enthusiastic about course material, brings demonstrations to class to give visual representation. Great teacher. Exams tend to be the harder problems. Lectures are very concise; moves at a pace the students can follow.
5.0 : Best lecturer in mechanical department.
4.0 : Well, Ms Cliff is nice. I'm warning you, if you don't participate she'll take points off. If you skip class it's the same thing.
3.0 : Second time taking a KAC class of hers and it was just as fun! She made each class session energetic. Classes practiced the same moves every session which was fine with me. Depending on taking for credit or grade, you can easily figure out how many sessions to attend in order to receive points and pass the class.
3.0 : Mr. Bennett is a respected lawyer, but his lectures are pretty dull and short. The class meets once a week and lecture lasts 45-60 mins. He is very pleasant and laid back. Par for the course at Fresno State.
5.0 : Really cool guy. Also really lenient...  but, you know, he cares so much about what he's teaching so maybe don't take advantage of that kindness? It's the least you can do for the effort he gives for his students. You get the option to use either oils or acrylics but you get more out of the class if you choose oils. It's what he specializes in.
5.0 : Adam is amazing.! &amp; HOT too. (; he's super sweet and is there to help you. Adam is straight forward and always gives you an example. Critiques are so easy, you explain your painting&amp;stand as the class gives comments. He brought in his paintings &amp;they were amazing. I wish he taught another course. His good looks make you want to show up everyday. 3
4.0 : He is soo hot. Easy class and learned a lot.
5.0 : Loved this class so much. He is a great teacher and artist. He teaches you how to paint even when you think you can't and he is very good at detailing the basics.
5.0 : Adam is very attractive and very helpful. His grading is easy, just show up and try. He is so good at what he does that he can make non-painters into painters. He is friendly, laid back, and easy to think about it. Wish I could retake art 40 over again!
4.0 : Adam Longatti is such a great professor and person!! This class will challenge you as a painter and make you grow. I have learned so much. He will really push you and help you reach what you want to see in your painting. Through all the tears, pissed off feelings, and sadness when my painting looked ugly it was one of the best courses I've taken.
5.0 : Amazing instructor!! LOVED the whole class. I was worried about taking a painting class, knowing how much of a perfectionist I am, but this teacher would always walk around and see how everyone is doing and guide us through. I can't give this guy enough praise. He's truly kind, genuine, and exceptional. Not to mention an amazing artist himself!
5.0 : He'll make you feel talentless when you see what he can paint but he is a great teacher and improves any natural painter and anyone willing to learn.
5.0 : He is one of the amazing Art teachers I have ever taken.  He is funny mostly and have a positive attitude. The students who are willing to put the efforts to do something better he will give them good recommendations and would help them. He understands the students and see through their eyes how do they want to work. I just love him. Great teacher.
4.0 : As a novice painter I initially struggled to keep up as it's fairly fast paced, but as the semester progressed my painting did improve. Adam is a nice guy and will give you some good tips, but sometimes his "art lingo" is more confusing than helpful. I often found myself painting the way he wanted (for points) vs painting the way that I enjoyed.
5.0 : I loved this class. Adam is an amazing painter and instructor. Listen to his feedback because he knows what he's talking about. You'll create beautiful paintings if you take chances like he encourages you to do so.
5.0 : Adam is a great teacher. After having many many art classes by almost every teacher, I can absolutely say he is the best art teacher in the entire department! He is very kind, inspirational, and supportive. He gives very clear direction! I've never felt so comfortable when learning a new medium. He's fantastic and definitely sets the standard.
5.0 : Took his class a few semesters ago. He's one of the best art instructors there! Even if you're new to painting, Adam gives very useful tips and also helps you with your paintings. He's so handsome too!!!
5.0 : Such a great teacher! This class makes me want to paint for the rest of my life. He is so helpful and supportive. I would take this class over and over again!
5.0 : Yaaaaasss Lord! Adam needs to teach more courses.  Besides his good looks, he's so talented! He's so helpful and if you try, he will keep checking up on your progress. His hates when people don't follow simple directions like how to paint a color wheel. So just do what he does. It's not hard! Easy A!!!!
5.0 : Take this class, easy A and lots of fun. Very good looking. You paint what you want, he just helps you through it. You also paint from still life. Like a mannequin.
5.0 : I say lots of homework because if you do not finish your paintings in the time allowed then you will have to finish them at home.  I got frustrated with my paintings but he was very nice and able to reassure me that it looked fine and would help where he could. This class was a lot of fun so I highly recommend it!
5.0 : Brad is an excellent instructor. He is respected for his ways in teaching. CM116 is a tough class, nonetheless, it's a fun and important class to CM. There is lots of work to do but its an easy A if you do the work.
5.0 : Pro. Brad is very honest with everyone on grading. If you can get everything done, then you're in the safe side. NO WORRIES
5.0 : Brad is one of the best and most caring CM professor fresno state has. Brad is just a great instructor who is honest and expects a certain level of professionalism from everbody. If you fall behind and hate the specs grading system it's because you are lazy and want easy A's. Overall Brad is my favorite instructor.
4.5 : He is a great professor and is willing to help. Class was made easy and if you don't pass it's because you didn't try
5.0 : she teaches at Howard University now. she is really nice, her tests are easy, speeches easy, there is one group project at the end (CHOOSE GOOD PEOPLE). come to class because attendance is big due to pop up in-class assignments. other than that easy A, she makes it that way for you.
4.0 : Good professor! I took it online and she got back to me pretty quickly when I had questions. Weekly assignments but was is not hard at all! Do the work and you will do fine.
4.5 : I took this class over winter break last year and it was the easiest class in the entire world. She lets you take the quizzes over and over again until you get 100% and is a very easy grader when it comes to essays. She responds to emails really quickly and is super nice!!
5.0 : I took this class over the winter. Super easy. 14 quizzes(one for each chapter) you can take the quiz up to 3 times. 3 discussion boards on easy topics. 1 2,000 word minimum paper, and one 100 question exam that you're given 2 hours to complete. the paper was based off of three films that were very interesting. All sources must be peer reviewed
5.0 : Takahashi is very easy grader. She has a heavy accent but you will get use to it. Gives study guides before every test. Test has exact question from quizzes. She allows one page on notes front and back filled in or typed. This was extremely convenient. I opened the book like maybe once for both classes.
5.0 : AWESOME professor! :) has an accent but you can understand! :)  Clear grading, EASY A!! SI is available if needed but if you attend class and ask the professor questions then you don't need to attend! Would take her again!! :)) Few homework, 1 project but she sets up class dates to do it! :) Can use notes during quizzes and 1 page notes on final!
4.5 : I thought this class would have been an easy A but I sure had to work for my grade. It's just like any other math class because if you miss one class, then you can possibly fall behind easily. We had quite a bit of quizzes but luckily we could use notes and that saved my life. Professor Takahashi is so sweet and she is willing to help you!
4.0 : Do not miss class, you'll be confused and she takes attendance once you completed the exercise for the day. Automatically get 100 on exercises. Quizzes are open note, final and midterm is 1 page of notes front and back. She has a heavy accent but if you listen closely and follow along attend SI sessions your good. She is lenient if you communicate.
5.0 : Really helpful professor who makes you understand something when you ask for help. Attending SI helped me understand the material better. Class consists of 2 tests in which you can use 1pg full of notes. Study guides are given. Textbook/notes/exercises can be used for the 5 quizzes. 10 exercises due in class. 1 project not hard at all. No homework.
4.0 : Dr. Roberts takes a tough subject and does his best to help everyone understand it. He explains things at least 3 different times and ways, and he'll do it again if anyone is struggling. His PP slides are so good that you will never need the textbook, and the study guides and group-study periods will more than prepare you for exams.
5.0 : Professor Taber is a very helpful. Attend lecture and you'll get an A in quizzes/test.
5.0 : A class you can enjoy even if you don't like economics. He teaches this course very clearly and gives study guides for every exam. There is also a group presentation and group essay but those are fairly easy. I would recommend him.
3.0 : She trys to make learning fun in a way. She puts on plays and cool slideshows and movies to get a better understanding . She asks for volunteers. She does uses the textbooks and  expects to recieve them to make sure you did the assignments. She gets off track a lot and talks more about history.
4.0 : I am currently taking Carol Zapata for Spanish4A. The homework is based off the book. Her class was pretty easy :).  There are quizzes of the readings you do, one essay, and a group presentation. You will learn a lot !
5.0 : She is very helpful and is always ready to listen and gives great feedback. Your writing skills Will improve if you put in the effort and go to class. Super nice and attentive, genuially cares about you. :)
5.0 : Dr. Zapata is a true gem. She is kind, knowledgable and truly cares about her students. Would take her again in a second. Top quality, highly recommended.
4.0 : Great instructor! Would recommend! I am a bad Spanish writer, my grammar is horrible and I still passed the class.
5.0 : *3 hour lecture* Makes the class very interesting. There are group discussions based on the readings. One midterm, community project which is extremely neat, guest speakers, 10 page Cultural Autobiography which she does not grade harsh, assignments then and there &amp; no final!  I highly recommend her, she's one of the best professors I have taken
5.0 : SHES IS AMAZING :) She is very understanding of students situations and is very helpful. She is one of the BEST professors at CSUF :)
5.0 : Helpful , understanding and very clear with directions . Loved taking her class . She's simply amazing !
3.0 : Definitely do-able and straightforward. Group projects are easy. Create slideshow &amp; combine all into 1 power point. Discussion board assignments are easy too. No right or wrong answer, but can write a lot.  You need the book, will write your essays (2) on the info in it. Also, will need to download lock down browser for exams.
4.0 : First time taking Dr. Schneider and I don't regret it. There weren't any weekly or monthly quizzes or weekly assignments. We had 2-3 group assignments, 3 writing assignments, a midterm and a final. The exams were a bit tougher than expected but if you study you'll do fine. Easy upper GE requirement course that doesn't suck up all your time.
5.0 : Great instructor, understanding and very helpful. Organized and responds to emails in timely manner. 3 writing assignment which were easy and 2 exams that come strait out of the book. Keep up with your reading assignments and you will pass with an A. Also there are group assignments , as long as you work as a group your golden!
5.0 : This is a great class if you want to become a better writer. It's also interesting.
1.0 : Expects you to read 3 books. Acts like this is the only class you have. Doesn't teach, expects you to know EVERYTHING. If you are not an actual journalism major, this class is torture.
5.0 : She's my favorite teacher so far. Very nice and smart.
5.0 : She was my favorite teacher in the MCJ department. She made the class fun and interesting. The only reason someone would give her a bad rating would be if he or she didn't put in the effort. She gives you lots of time to work on stories and she's happy to help you with them. The books are interesting but you do have to read them.
5.0 : This is my favorite class so far in MCJ. She's nice and interesting.
5.0 : This is such an interesting class. I'm learning more from her than most of my other classes. She focuses on writing but also teaches you about other things like journalists and why they choose certain stories.
5.0 : I'm learning more from her than most of my other classes. She focuses on writing but also teaches you about other things  and focuses on work done by journalists in all media.
4.0 : She is a good professor and is pretty laid back. She gives you the choice of choosing your story topics. There are A LOT of stories due in this class. A lot of time outside of the classroom is required interviewing people for your stories. Book didn't come into play till the last 2 weeks of the semester for in-class quizzes. Attendance mandatory.
1.5 : I didn't learn a single thing. Was expected to know everything I did wrong in my paper and correct it.  No good feedback given.  Tough grader.  The videos were boring and didn't help me become a better journalist.  Be prepared to watch a documentary every day in class and waste precious class time... Instead of writing in class and getting help
4.0 : She was very intimidating at first, but at the end I grew to like her. You definitely have to earn your grade through reporting, writing, reading, and the quizzes. She isn't a hard grader. I'm horrible at writing stories, but I still managed to get A's and B's on my papers.
4.5 : I loved her. She's really smart and very funny and she's helpful. All you have to do is ask. If you're lazy and just want to get by, take it from another teacher. She does have standards unlike some people in this department and she's a reporter herself so she knows what she's doing.
5.0 : I just took this class and really enjoyed the professor. She seems to get it in a way that others don't. She sees the big picture and understands the constraints students are under but still has high expectations.
5.0 : We read some very interesting books in this class. She really opens your eyes to what goes on in the world and how journalists cover it. She also shares her own reporting experience which is very interesting. She's very smart and not your usual teacher. I greatly enjoyed this class. It was one of favorites.
1.0 : Show up to class and just turn everything in. She's very unorganized and very rude. If you're the type of student to miss class a lot or you're late don't even think about taking this course. You will get called out and in front of the class. Good luck. Easy A, but not worth the embarrassment.
4.5 : Dr Zhang is
4.0 : Cole is a chill professor. But he dislocated his shoulder during the middle of class. He put all his assignments towards the end of the semester which caused all his students to stress out. He gave us a substitute teacher and he stresses us out more.
5.0 : Good teacher very talkative with lots of real life stories. He is a good resource for questions or concerns especially with child welfare.
5.0 : She's an awesome professor! I love her teaching style! She gives out a BUNCH of easy extra credits too! There's only two tests throughout the semester (midterm and final). But she gives you a cheat sheet for it. There's also four assignments that you must do and it's super fun to do too. Her class is always fun. Overall I want to take her again.
5.0 : She's a great teacher and knows her stuff. She is very into intercultural communications.
5.0 : Even with class sort of early in the morning, Hagar made it very enjoyable. I don't remember if she cared about phones or not because all of my classmates and I were too interested in her lectures to even take them out. Show up to class, take some notes, and you'll be sure to get an A. Favorite professor hands down.
5.0 : Hagar is an awesome teacher. Show up to class, participate, do your work, and you'll pass her class with flying colors. She gives great tips on how to lose your nerves or at least work with it. She's awesome, and I don't know how else to say how awesome she is. You will not regret taking her. :)
5.0 : One of the department's best teachers. She is very intelligent--yet very easy to understand.
5.0 : LOVE Hagar. She gives extremely clear instructions works with you throughout the process of completing an assignment gives excellent feedback and loves seeing you improve and excel. My whole class requested updates of her teaching schedule so we could take her again. She''s very open-minded and the kind of person you just want to be BFFs with.
5.0 : Hagar is the best teacher I have ever had. She truly cares about her students and is very interesting. There is never a dull moment with her and she relates her teaching to stuff that happen in the world now. I always look forward to going to that class
4.0 : He is very interested in passing you and giving you the knowledge you need to be successful in this field. He is very helpful and full of knowledge. Can be lecture heavy in certain courses but tries to make it as engaging as possible and if you just do the work, you'll get an A
4.0 : Comm 8 was such a great class! Lierly is a great professor with a positive upbeat attitude. She will always make you feel right at home. But if you don't like being called out on or joked around with, don't take her class. Other than that, she is a great professor, the class isn't that hard, and it is well with your time.
5.0 : She will pick your groups out. you must meet with your group to get work done. She offers tons of extra credit.  There is about 4 or less group project. lets you use index cards. Tests will not affect you grade that much. If you miss a project the day you are supposed to go up you will fail the class. It is an easy A.
5.0 : She is awesome! She takes the time to get to know each of her students on a personal level, even the quiet ones. She has a loud personality and you can't help but love her. Her class is very warm and welcoming. She is constantly encouraging her students and giving support. Even when someone messes up during a speech she still is very reassuring.
4.5 : had he last semester overall great prof love he sense of humor
5.0 : LOVE THIS PROFESSOR!SHE KNOWS WHAT SHE IS DOING ! SHE IS HILARIOUS !!! SERIOUSLY , LOVE HER!HER TESTS ARE EASY AND HER FINAL IS EASY ! JUST GOT TO READ THE BOOK THEN YOU'LL BE FINE ! ANY EDITION DOES NOT MATTER ! IF YOU DO NOT COME ON THE DAY THAT YOU ARE PRESENTING, YOU AUTOMATICALLY FAIL BIG TIME, SO COME ON THE DAY YOU WILL BE PRESENTING !
4.5 : She is a great and funny teacher. She loves to make jokes and will always make you laugh. She is very strict when it comes to turning in assignments so always remember due dates. Three easy presentations and she always provides feedback and will help your group if you need it.
4.0 : She is awesome! Super straight forward and she tells it like it is. She is always willing to help. Tests are okay, just do the readings. Writing assignments are hard and have to be specifically how she wants it, but she may be vague about it sometimes. Make sure you know ask for help if you don't know what to do for the assignments.
5.0 : I absolutely loved this teacher and would recommend her to anyone. She is funny and made going to her class enjoyable. She gives you guidelines on how to write your outline for your speeches and if you follow your outline to write your speech it should be easy. For tests, really make sure you understand the material, but it's mostly common sense.
5.0 : Great professor. Makes you feel welcome and comfortable in class. Outlines and reflections are required for speeches, but it's an easy assignment. Exams are easy, common sense, but make sure you read the book as well. Book is easy and quick to read. She really helps you improve on you're speeches and connects with every student.
5.0 : Ms. Lierly is amazing! Definitely one of my favorite professors. This class was fun and I learned a lot. She tells you what you need to know for each test and her lectures are interesting. She is willing to help students and you can tell she wants all her students to pass the class.
4.5 : Good class overall. Very interactive class with fun topics and useful information.I did enjoy the class meetings. Not much homework. Presentations are easy.
5.0 : Comm 4 with Ms. Lierly was a blast!!;) Professor Lierly has a great personality and really cares  about her students:) Class structure not intense there are three tests and a few homework assignments, overall very easy class.  Class topics are interesting. Definitely recommend this class.
5.0 : She is a great teacher, 1010 would come again
5.0 : Great Teacher! Fun classes every class enjoyed every second best class so far that I have ever taken!
1.0 : Not a good teacher. Doesn't explain things well enough.
5.0 : I took this course my freshman year at fresno state and am not just reviewing her but as a Senior I can honestly say she is the best professor I have ever had. She reminds me more of a high school teacher in the way she builds relationships with her students. Funny, easy going, always ardent . TAKE HER.
5.0 : easy class, and cool professor. If you don't like presenting by yourself, this class if perfect and very fun. You present with groups and she assigns you cool presentation topics. the tests aren't too hard, you just need to study the terms. I hardly used my textbook, you can use it but my group members had the hook up. thanks fam
3.5 : Best Prof at state! she makes class fun and excited. Beware of group work and presentations that last 5-7 minutes individually! overall fun class.
3.0 : Great teacher. Funny and always happy. Hardly ever needed a book
5.0 : Professor Lierly was a great teacher. She isn't the easiest of the bunch, but she is so funny and makes me actually want to go to class. You have to do your work and make sure that you turn everything in on time. Be aware of groups, mine was very bad and it made it very difficult to get through the class.
4.5 : Lierly was wonderful! I highly recommend taking communications from her. Overall easy class, do your work and turn it  in on time and come to class!! Beware of group work and presentations.
5.0 : Good professor. It was a fun class to attend each day. Attendance is not mandatory, but sometimes she gives pop quizzes. You need the textbook because the quizzes are based on the chapters. She gives extra credit. 10/10!
4.0 : Listen in class and get thing done on time.
3.5 : Professor Lierly is a great instructor for this class and a hilarious individual herself! Does a great job connecting the concepts with real life situations. I would definitely take her again! Also beware of due dates and get along with your group members!! Attend class!
5.0 : Always ready to help her students and answer their concerns. Lectures are very short and important. Easy class and her humor really made time go by faster. Best professor I had for my first semester at Fresno State.
5.0 : My favorite professor by far!!! She is so helpful, hilarious, and definitely explains what she expects out of us. love her! 10/10
3.5 : I loved this class! It was a great way to start my morning. This is a very fun class, but do not slack off. She is a tough grader and does not except late work. Make sure you always have the course schedule handy because. Professor Lierly is hilarous and likes to pick on people. Be aware of group project and study for test!
4.0 : Great Teacher. I love her. Really funny, but make sure you turn in your work. I always look forward to this class every time.
3.5 : Professor Lierly is an amazing teacher. She is strict with due dates. You have to have them in on time and they HAVE to be printed she will not take anything handwritten. Her classes are mandatory and you can only miss two days before she drops you a letter grade. Even with all that her classes are a blast and she is very friendly.
3.5 : Professor Lierly is an awesome teacher. Although, she is awesome, you will have to take the class seriously. She doesn't accept late work! Always look at your syllabus! She is not going to remind you of what is due!  She like to tease. Don't ever miss a presentation! If you do, you automatically fail the class! Come everyday to class!
3.5 : She was a really good professor! Make sure you look at your syllabus!!!
3.0 : She was good but I wasn't interested at all.
3.5 : Great teacher!! Attending class is mandatory. Make sure you check her syllabus regarding due dates!!! She will not accept late work and everything has to be printed when you turn it in. Lectures are interesting. Beware of group projects! Overall easy, do your work and pay attention! Definitely would take this class again from her!!
5.0 : Took her for peach blossom and she was seriously FABULOUS.  such a fun class. would definitely recommend her to anyone!
2.0 : I didnt like this class and my group.
3.0 : I just did not like my group.
3.5 : The most important thing to get out of this is to make sure you check your syllabus!!!
5.0 : Great professor, definitely the best one! Would totally take her again. The class is not hard just read the chapters she assigns along with showing up to do your speech because if you miss one you'll fail the class. She's a very funny/caring professor, I totally recommend taking her.
4.0 : She's an awesome Professor. She's very straight forward, attendance is mandatory. There will be presentation throughout the semester. If you miss even one Presentation, it will be an automatic (Fail) in the class. Make sure you stay on top of things and you won't have any problem in class. Not much HWs, majority of the work is your presentation.
4.5 : She is one of the most amazing professors ever. I just passed her class with an A because she was so willing to take the time to help me get the grade. She'll be like a sweet and savage mom to you by the end of the semester
5.0 : Professor Lierly is probably one of the best professors I have had so far! She is funny which helps make the class interesting. Prepare for group presentations/projects. Don't miss a presentation or you will fail the class. Attendance is mandatory so make sure you show up to every class because it will affect your grade. I highly recommend taking!
3.0 : Professor Lierly was an alright teacher. She as funny in class. The test were a little hard. My group was alright. If I had to retake I'd focus more. Always read the syllabus.
4.0 : Professor Lierly was a great teacher! She was helpful, nice, FUNNY, and awesome! She is sarcastic so if you don't take sarcasm well, don't take this class.
3.0 : This class was okay. She was a good professor but the groups were terrible.
3.0 : Check  your syllabus!!! Do that and you will pass.
4.5 : It is an easy A if you do your work and respect Professor Lierly. She is a very nice professor and would take this class again
3.5 : Professor Lierly was a good professor. I know this is group communications and you might think that it is easier than public speaking but if you are the type who does their work, just take public speaking because you will get very frustrated if you get a group that doesn't do any work.
5.0 : First year at Fresno State &amp; she was by far my favorite professor. Truly loves her job &amp; students, she just wants to see you succeed. Hilarious, tests aren't difficult &amp; makes giving speeches so comfortable. This was the only class where I knew everyone by name &amp; felt very comfortable. Do your outlines, practice your speeches. Amazing class.
5.0 : First time freshman, and her class was my favorite. She has a good sense of humor, makes her students feel comfortable. Two quizzes and Final. Three speeches assigned throughout the semester. If you miss your speech day you fail the class. Outlines are due a lecture before your speech day, and reflections are due a lecture after speech day.
5.0 : She's a very nice teacher and takes pride in her job. You should enjoy having her as a professor.
3.0 : I love Professor Lierly at what she does and her teaching methods. The class wasn't intimidating at all. The only complaint I have is that her lectures honestly did not help. You can't rely only on her lectures to help you do good on the tests. Take time to read the chapters and interact. Also!! Hope you get a productive group that gets work done!
4.5 : Always excited to come to this class. Always had a story to tell.
5.0 : Professor Lierly is a great professor I would love to retake the class again. Just pay attention and work well with others and you'll do fine and do not turn things in late. And she's also quite funny.
3.5 : Very casual humor, funny, makes the class interesting
5.0 : Professor Lierly is an amazing teacher! She's hilarious and you'll enjoy her lectures! We always do activities and she is clear about what she wants. I recommend you take her class!
4.0 : You have to participate in your group that you get put into. You cannot let others do the work for you and just be slacking.
5.0 : As a freshman, in my first semester of college Comm 3 with Lierly was great. Shes hilarious and gets to know all of her students. Theres 3 speeches in the semester and 3 tests including the final which are extremely easy. Without a doubt shes my favorite professor yet.
4.5 : Great teacher i would take again anytime. Lectures aren't as boring but based the book. Study hard with groups be prepared. Professor Lierly is an amazing professor one of the best and can be trusted. She is clear and can be friendly. she makes class fun and interesting. One of my favorite professors. She is a must take.
3.0 : She was okay. My advice is study for tests, write the paper (10% of grade), and take notes during lecture. No Late Work, 3 speeches.
4.5 : He's a great professor. Inspirational lectures.
5.0 : Anderson is a great professor who is clear about what his expectations are. Pretty funny man and has countless stories to tell about his awesome travels, but always stays on track with lectures. Participation counts as credit and even extra credit if you do it often.
5.0 : He is a great professor and cares deeply about his students. Also the class wasn't online it was in person but he was the best!
5.0 : Great Professor! He's very funny and has a great sense of humor! Be aware that there are no power points, he just lectures by talking through out class. Participation matters, that's how you get extra points in class. The test are pretty hard and it comes with an essay that you'll have to write. If you go to class, you'll pass
5.0 : If you want to pass, you must go to class. Kind of easy. Just a midterm, a paper, and the final.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Lectures are filled with interesting stories and he makes history sound cooler than it actually is. 1 midterm, 1 final, 1 essay (8+ pgs), many xtra cred opportunities. He talks about BOTH conservative and liberal views, he teaches the class to understand both sides without any bias.
5.0 : Amazing professor. He will give you m much information especially in regards to law enforcement. He was former Fresno County Sheriff. That should automatically want to make you take him for any course. Overall not much expected of student. You have to want to fail. He is there for any questions. One of the best.
4.0 : Do you have commonsense? If you answered yes you should pass no problem. Really great teacher. 2 test and 10 newspaper assignments. Took the night class and you stay maybe 2 hours tops most days. You only need to buy the workbook and even that is questionable. He is a great teacher and will always answer questions you have.
4.0 : Great Professor ! Keeps up with emails, take attendance (I took him at night) not sure if it mandatory but i would go because I was unaware that the final was cumulative. Have do to a 10 page article from newspaper, a few quizzes, 1 essay, no homework, no test besides final. I would take it again, if you miss class just email him. Easy A !
5.0 : Very Interesting Class. The Topics are quite interesting and he shows videos and we have discussions. There was one project that required searching through newspapers and news sites looking for articles where important figures did something unethical and you write a page about their behavior. Relaxing class.
5.0 : Steve is a great teacher and person. His class is interesting and would recommend it to anyone. The assignments are easy and very little class work.  There is no reason to get less than a B. Plus he was  a chief of FSO for 12 years and has 33 years experience in the field.
5.0 : Very motivational teacher who wants students to succeed in life by doing what's right. Ethical dilemmas are the best part of his class because you can also work on your own ethical persona and sometimes you realize you have done many unethical decisions in life that you will notice. take his class!
5.0 : Professor Magarian is a great guy, he is there for the students and wants us all to pass. There should be no reason to fail his class. The only big thing in his class was the 10 page article but that's easy, as long as you don't wait till the last minute to complete it. I'd definitely recommend him!
5.0 : Best professor ever! He is an adorable man with great stories. Take him if you can, believe me you will past and enjoy every moment of it. The class is an easy A. Was pregnant when I took the class got an A very caring professor. You dont need the book he goes over everything in class.
5.0 : Great teacher, great class! He is very passionate about the topic and gets you thinking about real life decisions you will face in your career. Its a pretty relaxed class, attendance is mandatory as he takes attendance, has an interesting project involving finding ethical dilemma's, a midterm, and a final. I really recommend this professor!
5.0 : He's a retired sheriff. He gives the impression that he doesn't come for the paycheck and shows genuine concern for his students. He goes over everything that is on the test. The tests are super easy and it's an easy class because he is not boring at all. Just show up for class and be prepared to learn and laugh.
4.5 : I took web classes from Kevin. He is a solid web developer and graphic designer. If you REALLY want to learn web, Kevin can help get you hirable in one year. He is very quirky, intelligent, multi-talented, and a great designer.  His classes were always fun. I liked his unique personality.  If you give a lot to his class, he will give back 10 fold.
5.0 : He knows his stuff and can teach any of the Graphic Design courses if he had too (he's taught 4 that I know of). He's a funny guy and you can talk to him and ask him about anything and he'll help you and tell you whatever you need to know, so take advantage. I have a job because of his magazine assignment. I have him again too. NO MATTING EITHER!
3.5 : Kevin knows typography and layouts pretty well. There's no presentation at all. He doesn't like using matt boards for projects. In class, you're either working on a project or assignment or watching a video. He comes around and checks off everyone's work. This class was super laid back. Just do all your work and get it check off.
4.5 : Kevin is indescribable. He is funny, dedicated to teaching real-world applicable subjects and projects. Attendance is a must, there are a lot of in-class lectures and videos that make the class so much easier. Focus or fall behind. He gave us free online resources instead of textbooks! Happy wallet ^-^
4.0 : Class is extremely hard so you better come prepared. Linked lists are never going away and the sorts are very abstract and difficult to grasp at first. Exam are not multiple choice and they're very difficult. You get 5 pieces of blank paper and asked to write certain programs. He curves, though. He's the best professor in this subject.
4.5 : He's helpful but this class is the hardest thing I've ever been through in my life. It's not just that he's hard, but the material is very difficult. And his exams are challenging
5.0 : Good Teacher, who tries to find out what topic students are struggling on and address. Listen attentively to lectures and ask questions when you need to.
5.0 : Dr. Liu is a super nice guy and incredibly easy to talk to. If you're struggling in his class, he'll go out of his way to help you succeed. Beware of his quizzes. They can be surprisingly difficult on occasion and his tests are no cake walk either. He also offers a ton of extra credit though, so take advantage of that and you should be fine.
4.0 : Mr. Liu (Alex) is one of my favorite professor in the CS department. He has a genuine professionalism and is really willing to help student pass the class as long as you work for it. CSCI 41 is tough so try to stay on track so you don't get lost at the end. He curves. 2 midterms, 1 final, 2 projects (don't procrastinate). 6-8 pop-up quizes
2.0 : His slides are awful and not helpful. He needs to learn how to show not tell. No feedback on assignments. Late on grading. The order in which we learned topics also made no sense. He didn't do a good job at showing us how to integrate the material we were learning into our projects. This class felt like two classes: 1 for project, 1 for textbook.
4.0 : Dr. Liu is personable and makes his lectures interesting. However, his lecture slides are massive. His tests are all essay questions and difficult. The semester-long group project is a lot of work. This class felt like 4 or 5 units, not 3. However, It's one of the most real-world applicable CSCI courses at FSU. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Good professor. I was able to understand all the material given. Just go to class and pay attention. The way he teaches makes the concepts easy to understand. The codes itself is hard so practice.
5.0 : Lecture heavy. Interesting. An easy "A", if you do your part. Many extra credit opportunities. Gives extra study sessions. Tests are directly based on study guides.
4.5 : He's the best teacher I've ever had
5.0 : He doesn't use power points but his lectures are great. Honestly I never read the book and still did good on tests (B's), if you want an amazing grade do your reading.  He wants you to participate in class, which isn't hard he just asks simple questions I'm a shy person and still answered a lot, so easy points. You also sign in for attendance *wink
5.0 : He is a great teacher. Everything is told in a story, which to me is very interesting. He took attendance and if you came to class and answered questions you'd get extra points which saved me. We had an 8 paged paper and a midterm and a final.. not much room to mess up. his tests are mainly short answer and essay.. I really would recommend taking
5.0 : Greatly inspiration, tells lovely stories all the time. Knows a lot about the subject, and lectures are interesting to listen to. Semester consisted of one midterm, one essay, and one final. However, I would say it is difficult to get an A in this class, only way to do it is be VERY VERY detailed on the midterms/finals! Recommended.
5.0 : Very good teacher who knows his material and always has an interesting story on a subject.  You need to read for his pop quizzes but if you do so and listen during lectures the class will be a breeze. Has a midterm and final exam with multiple choice and an essay but provides a very specific study guide as well, which is  always nice.
5.0 : His class was super easy. He does lectures on the chapters. No homework, we didn't use a textbook all year. We only had 2 tests and an essay to be graded on.
5.0 : Tells lovely stories all the time and he doesn't teach with technology. Knows a lot about the subject, and lectures are interesting to listen to. Semester consisted of one midterm, one essay (8 page) and one final. VERY VERY difficult to get an A in this class, only way to do it is be VERY VERY detailed on the midterms/finals!
4.5 : One word: AMAZING. Best professor yet! Loves his job, and socializes with his students. Only two tests (midterm, and final) gives out study guides. Participation helps a lot, and he gives out extra credit. No homework ever! If you can, take him. You won't be disappointed.
5.0 : Donald Anderson is an AMAZING instructor! He can recall most of the information by memory, shares to us his INCREDIBLE adventures, and is very INSPIRATIONAL. The semester consists of 1 midterm(m.c., terms, 1 essay), a research paper(of our choosing, 8pgs), and final(m.c., terms, 2 essays). A very enjoyable class, grateful for the Abalone shell!
3.0 : Great teacher. Doesn't use powerpoints so must read the book and take notes while hes lecturing. Gives out study guides for final and midterm.
4.5 : Anderson is a great professor that makes learning history fun. There are only two exams (midterm and final) and a paper on a topic of your choice. There's also an extra credit paper on your family history. Participation is part of your grade so make sure you show up. You'll be happy to though, since he tells interesting stories and jokes. Recommend
5.0 : Anderson is a great teacher, his lectures are very long but helpful. Participate! since there is only 2 test and 1 essay, you need to attend class and speak up for credit. overall, his class was fun, def would take again 10/10.
5.0 : Professor Anderson is probably one of the best professors I've had so far. No powerpoints but his lectures are easy to follow. Unless you really suck at history you don't need the book. His tests are straight forward and basic common sense history. Class participation matters. Overall, 1 midterm, 1 final, and 1 essay.
3.0 : Great professor but he lectures using no PowerPoints, and does not use blackboard. If you want to know what your grade is you need to e-mail him. Participation does matter, and he does take attendance. Your grade is based on your midterm, final, research paper, and total participation points. Really hard to get an A in his class, but it's possible.
5.0 : Finley is a cool dude with a great sense of humor. Don't let his coolness fool you though he is there to put in work. You will have two groups for two separate projects, that can be going at the same time if you are not careful. Pick your own teams if allowed! PICK AN EASY NON-PROFIT!!! If you read, you will do great class-wise.
5.0 : Best teacher I've had at Fresno State-- Hands down
3.0 : 3 Exams (Non-cumulative), Pop Quizzes, mandatory attendance,  &amp; one project (one spelling mistake &amp; he will deduct 7 points).  He's approachable, hard to get a hold of, sometimes replies to emails,  no office hours, &amp;  won't put anything on blackboard. Has a lot of knowledge in the field, but very UNORGANIZED.  Till today we don't know our grades.
4.5 : Great class &amp; very informal. What I disliked about the class was he doesn't give study guides for exam and I got D's on all exams. Required SL &amp; Mini Project, choose group wisely and pick an easy non-profit org. Both easy projects. Very understanding and helpful. I missed the final exam and he let me do it as a take home exam &amp; he passed me w/ a C.
4.0 : Great professor. 3 tests, 3 pop quizzes (study for them!!), SL project &amp; like 2 short papers. Mandatory attendance but super interesting. Beware though, you will not know your grade until end of semester. The exams are fairly easy. I didn't buy the book, just studied power points/notes and passed with B's &amp; high C. buy book if you are aiming for A
5.0 : He is one of the best teachers you are going to find at Fresno State. He successfully runs several businesses in addition to teaching, and has the know-how to teach you very valuable lessons that are relative to all fields of business, which also makes the class fun and interesting. Read the book. Don't fall behind on group projects &amp; you will pass
5.0 : Long but interesting lectures. Make sure you stay on top of your Service Learning, DO NOT procrastinate on it as it is very time consuming. Tests were difficult (70 multiple choice, 5 free free response), but no textbook required just study off of power points. Attendance is mandatory. He is there to try to help you as much as he can.
3.5 : He has so much real world experience and his lectures are so much fun! I'm actually learning a lot this semester. Don't skip class and read the book. All exams are based on the book. As long as you do your share theres no reason why you wouldn't do well or enjoy this class.
4.5 : Great instructor ! Real world examples. His lectures are very interesting. Read the boo; exams are based on your book. He gives pop quizzes once in a while of a chapter you were suppose to read. Other than that one SL project and mini project so be prepared to work in groups!
5.0 : His tests need time to get used to but once you get a feel for it, they become much easier. Personally, I would say to get the book, it will help a lot. Study the review for each chapter in the back of the book. Service learning project is chill if you got a productive group. Be prepared for pop-quiz's. Get all the points you can.
4.0 : Professor Finley has great real world experience and brings it to his lectures. Class is mandatory but he does a good job of explaining things. The material is somewhat difficult, but if you study the Chapter reviews in the back of the textbook you'll do good on exams and the SL Project is horrible, but all MKTG Profs make you do it, so take Finley
4.5 : He's a great teacher and the clickers will really help your grade so I strongly suggest going even though it isn't mandatory. He explains really well and he's a really funny guy. The class was fun rather than a snooze to be in. 5 exams and your lowest grade doesn't count + he adds 10% to your homework scores and 20% to online quizzes.
4.0 : He uses iclickers and you will need to buy my math lab if you understand what goes on in class test and homework will be easy. You want to take notes in class. some tests are on my math lab or will be held in class he will let you know. i recommend it. and the final is optional. there are 4 test. its an easy B i was close to a B missed by 1%
4.0 : Really easy class if you show up to class everyday. He goes through at least 2 chapters each class so I wouldn't recommend skipping one class. He makes it very clear and easy to understand the material and even has some good jokes. TURN YOUR PHONE OFF or he will call you out in front of class
5.0 : Professor Ryan was pretty chill throughout the whole semester. There were only 4 exams and a final to boost your grade up. You get to use one sheet of notes on the exams.  Attendance was taken with iclickers. He'll round your grade up if you're super close to the next grade.
4.5 : Just show up to class every day ready with your I clicker and get ready to learn math. He makes it clear he is not your friend meaning don ask him for help just make friends with someone sitting next to you and help each other out.
5.0 : He was probably one of my favorite college professors so far. He made the math easy to understand and it felt as though he actually cared if his students understood what he was teaching. Definitely the professor you need to take.
3.5 : He's like the best math 45 professor out there. He's really funny! He tells his students to take the online quizzes with friends, and to do homework together. He does Iclicker points so you should always go to class, and he will know if you are clicking in points for a friend who isn't there. ALSO don't let your phone go off in class.  He's GREAT!
5.0 : Professor Ryan is awesome. Need i clickers for attendance and there are quizzes to take online. His lecture are interesting but is strict on cell phones. if your cell phone ring you must leave class. He does not let anyone out early unless he say so but other than that great prof.very helpful and understanding, Textbook not require
5.0 : Professor Ryan was an enjoyable professor. The class was really easy and he gave you time to complete homework. All you have to do is complete the online assignments before the test. He will give you all the dates for that. He's also very helpful outside of class. I would definitely recommend him.
4.0 : Very easy math class to take. If you have any questions, ask him, he is more than willing to help! iClickers are used to take attendance. 4 tests, 2 online, 2 in class. very easy. He WILL call you out if you leave early or if you are on your phone during class time.
5.0 : This teacher is very clear and will give you all the tools to pass his class with the grade you want. Do not miss lectures, take notes and do your online homework. The online homework is easy if you took notes in class. He will allow a page of notes on the test. If you pass all his tests, you do not need to take the final unless you want to.
5.0 : Great teacher. Easy to understand. Helps understand and goes over problems as many times as he can.
5.0 : I took her for Intro to Acting for a lower division GE, and it was a super fun and light class. It's great if you'd just like a nice, light, albeit active class. You'll be expected to move a lot, speak in front of people, and memorize a few things, but her feedback is great and all she expects from you is effort.
5.0 : Wow! This class was really fun and interesting. Class was super easy, no lectures or quizzes. First half of semester was practicing stuff. Second half was working on a 15 minute scene with a partner which would be our final. She's a really nice teacher and I enjoyed the course. Would definitely recommend to anyone needing credits.
5.0 : Easiest, Nicest, Most eccentric professor you'll have. Go to class and attend the lecture; you won't need the book if you do (I never used it). The exams are straight from the powerpoints: 25-question easy multiple-choice. Easy writing requirement. [tip: tell her you're uneasy about a question on the exam or ask for help]. You won't regret.
4.0 : Easy class. SO boring!!! Easy A. One 5 page essay single spaced chicago style.
4.0 : Shes really down to earth. Lots of homework but she is NOT strict with deadlines if you just talk to her. RESPECT HER, or she will care less about you. She is super understanding and will work w you, she loves what she does. DO THE EXTRA CREDIT. 2 exams one paper, one short response paper. GO TO CLASS
1.0 : she talks non stop and very boring! she is nice lady but not a good professor
2.0 : She's nice and she tries to be engaging, but I found her teaching style tedious and it doesn't connect well with me at all. If you want an easy grade, she's fine, but if you want to be challenged or engaged, you might want to look elsewhere.
5.0 : Dr. Hooshmandrad is my favorite professor at Fresno State. She is very caring of her students and is super helpful. If you don't understand anything, she is more than approachable. Her classes are very interactive and you learn so much not only about the subject but life itself. You will grow so much as a person. I highly recommend taking her!
5.0 : I never met someone so energetic, yet extremely humble like Dr. Hooshmandrad! She is very passionate about teaching students about Middle Eastern music &amp; encourages everyone to explore new things you didn't know existed. You'll learn a lot of info from this course &amp; find several interesting things that keep you engaged. A joy to have!
5.0 : A+ teacher!!! She is exciting and very sincere!! She is very helpful and cares for each student individually, good luck ever fining a professor so free spirited and heartfelt. She's truly beautiful and you will learn a lot from her!! Her tests are only on the content she covers and a few questions about the films she assigns. learn and get an A!
5.0 : Incredibly generous and cares so much for her students. She is very passionate about music and puts forth a lot of effort and enthusiasm in teaching. Gives plenty of time to complete assignments. 2 exams based on lectures. 2 papers. One thing I must say is that she emphasizes mutual respect, and if you can't provide that, don't take her class.
3.5 : Nice lady with good intentions for her students, but she can be overbearing sometimes. She will make you participate by singing and stuff like that. Assignments are pretty easy, but powerpoints were messy. She is also a great singer and is knowledgeable in her field of study.
3.5 : This class is an easy A. Fellow students were rude in my class. Teacher expects you to participate by singing and calling on you. If you don't sing along she will have the class stop and have you do it by yourself. Only two tests, chapter outlines, video homework. Class does not meet during finals week.
5.0 : best professor at Fresno State. "Easy class"
5.0 : Professor Partow is the kindest instructor I have ever had. I got a 79% on the midterm but was able to get an A in the class from doing well on the final, and doing well on the papers. If you have any problems or can't go to class don't hesitate to go to her, she wants to help her students!
4.5 : Partow is a very caring professor that has a lot of passion for the subjects that she teaches. She expects participation from everyone in class, people make it a bigger deal then it really is. There are 2 papers, 2 exams, videoch assignments, as well as extra credit opportunities. Only enroll in this class if you have an open-mind.
4.0 : She's really nice professor, if you are not going to be pay attention. She will tell you that you are pay attention. If you miss class, make sure you communicate with the professor. She usually give extra credits, easy work.  Great Professor! I got an F on the first exam, and then I got an B on my second exam, did all the extra credit, I got 90%
4.0 : Professor is very passionate about her teaching. She is very strict on due dates and assignments. She is a fair grader and is willing to help and clarify any issues you may have. Overall i enjoyed the class and learned a great deal of diverse information.
4.5 : One of the most caring teachers I've ever!  She greets everyone and every day with enthusiasm, a smile, &amp; the phrase, "hello beautiful students." Her dedication to her pupils and the value she places on education &amp; being openminded exceed the rest. She is truly a humanitarian, and her desire to see a more peaceful planet is evident each session.
5.0 : Love Partow! She is the sweetest most caring instructor I've had here at Fresno State. There are a lot of random assignments online (summaries about the chapters in the book---easy), two main papers, a midterm and a final. She repeats a lot of what you need to know for the midterm and the final. She's so sweet! Loves all her students! :)
4.0 : You will get your money's worth of education in Middle-East music from this prof.  She greets  class every day "Good morning, my beautiful students" and truly loves us students!  Good writers will do very well.  Two exams, attend class regularly to get good grades on tests.  I have been playing piano since I was 4 yrs old and I still learned a lot.
5.0 : Took his online crim20 class and it was pretty easy. 2 tests and a final and about 11 briefs. needed a few points to get an A and he boosted my B to an A. He's also a pretty easy grader.
2.5 : He's a good professor in certain ways. His lectures are interesting, and highly entertaining. You may not actually learn much while in class, but you will be glad you came. He is funny, and energetic. However, the tests are extremely difficult. Many of his answer keys were incorrect, and required fixing. Not easy to get an A in this class.
5.0 : Ever been to a law class and hate how boring it is? I've been through business law, business ethics, psychological ethics, clinical ethics and all that kind of law dull boring fall asleep class.   Dr Owen's class is something really really hard to fall asleep in. You actually learn a lot! And a simple revision would be sufficient to pass.
5.0 : I took two online classes with Owen and he is great. He responds to emails within a couple hours, and is super helpful if you need to ask questions. His grading is easy as long as you follow the criteria EXACTLY to size of a period. He is super strict on format. But other than that, about 10 small assignments, 3 50Q tests, and one large paper.
5.0 : He is hilarious. Gets a little off topic but he covers his power points on time. You have 3 tests. 10 case briefs which are super easy if you do as asked. I Got 20/20 on all of them. You have a paper due that is not hard at all. You should take his class. I highly recommend.
4.0 : I took his class online. It was a pretty easy class. 11 case briefs from the book, 3 Exams online which are open book but timed. I wish I could have taken his in class to have more communication but this class is great for someone who works or has very little time. Could get away with not reading the book, but makes test easier to take.
5.0 : LOVED HIS CLASS! took him my first semester as a freshman and this class made me love Crim so much more. Participate in class, don't be shy! Wish I had participated more. You won't regret taking this class. 10/10 would take again.
3.5 : This class is very strict, easy, but tedious cause there are little things he hates that can costs you points. You should "accidentally" sub,it a test and email him after you find all the answers asking him to reset it. 3 test, 10 or so case review things. Not so bad
5.0 : Took 3 hr-1X a week class. He usually tries to take up the whole class time, rarely lets you leave early. Easy to earn participation points = attending class &amp;participating. Does all open book exams. Lectures on cases in exam which helps. Overall really easy and entertaining. Guy has the funniest stories ever-no falling asleep!Hard not to get an A!
4.0 : This was by far the best class I have ever had in college.   He goes beyond the typical teaching from the textbook and uses stories to teach difficult concepts.  All of the students I know said I had to take him and they were right.  The university needs more like him.  Super funny and always ready to meet to give extra explaining.  Do the work.
5.0 : Overall, I learned a lot from Owen. He is a great teacher and will clarify things if you are having trouble understanding. You have to buy the book. The case briefs are super easy, but the exams are extremely difficult. Good Luck!
1.0 : You will enjoy his class if you have a DIFFERENT sense of humor. Far from hilarious to me, because I personally don't like to hear the F bomb in every sentence. He uses weird examples when attempting to further explain a topic which made the class even more unenjoyable to be in. Choose wisely.
4.5 : I took his Crim 20 online class, it consisted of 1 DB due every week, 10 briefs (very strict on brief format), and 3 tests. Study for the tests! They are timed open book but you will not have enough time to look up the answers.
5.0 : Owen is in his own league. Don't miss a lecture you may miss a great story, he has many and as crazy as they are he relates them to his lecture. He also knows his stuff, ask him anything that has to do with law and in his book, he knows it without hesitation! He's crazy but seriously a great professor.
5.0 : Today Mr. Owen committed a crime in class: he wore a hat, covering his perfect hair. I'm not exaggerating when I say how nice his hair is. It's like really, really nice.  Other than the hair, he's a must take professor at Fresno State. His lectures include crazy stories, but it all pertains to the subject. Inspirational does not do him justice.
4.0 : Took this online. The class is straight forward and there are no suprises when it comes to tests or assignments. He is VERY STRICT when it comes to format, he will destroy you on points if you do not follow format correctly so read how he wants his briefs. Besides 10 briefs, you have to go to court and observe procedures listed in the book. Not bad
5.0 : Professor Owen is great at what he teaches. His grading is pretty clear and makes himself available for questions you may have. Textbook was required. Study, Study, Study! and you'll do fine in the class.
3.5 : The course was completely online. He had us meet once at the beginning of the semester for an orientation meeting. 3 tests, 10 case briefs, and 1 court observation paper. The briefs were easy points, the tests were tough so read! The court paper wasn't bad at all.  Ended up dropping lowest test score.
4.0 : He's really one of a kind. I looked forward to being in this class because of his unique style of teaching. He uses great examples to clarify whatever topic he's discussing. Goes off topic at times but his stories are totally hilarious. The class is pretty chill there's a couple 2 pg assignments and 3 exams.
5.0 : Excellent professor and great course.  Presented the information and really challenged me to learn. Best professor at our school.
2.0 : Bommer is a meh for me. He's a bit full of himself, lectures are nothing special, shows a lot of pointless videos. Overall this class is just bad; really pointless, don't really learn any skills for the workplace, mostly just "advanced common sense" junk. He's alright, but not great. 4 tests for lecture, 2 videos for lab, 1 group project online...
3.0 : Great Professor, but the material is so easy all you need to do is read the ppt he posts and the book, no way should any one should do poorly on his exams. The only thing that makes the class a little tougher is the virtual if you get a bad group your screwed.
4.0 : Interesting lectures. Be sure to pay attention to the videos shown in class, because there will be questions on the tests. On the subject of tests; they are not easy. Study each chapter carefully and review all the concepts from lecture. The main project in this class is a virtual group. Time consuming, but easy if you work hard. Always attend labs
5.0 : He's passionate about what he is teaching which makes learning the material very easy. Need to read the books, and the tests are hard.
5.0 : Not as hard as people say. Just read
5.0 : just read the book and you'll do good on the test. 3 parts to it. lecture, lab and virtual. Class isn't as hard as it seems.
5.0 : Bommer is one of the best professors I have had. The lecture portion of the class was extremely easy as long as you pay attention during lectures and skim the chapters before the tests.
5.0 : Mr. Bommer is a good lecturer and has a great sense of humor.
4.0 : Dr Bommer, makes lectures very interesting and is a great Prof.
5.0 : I took him for lecture this semester, and I think his lecture is great, the way he teaches, he explain the material clear. Take him. Overall this class is not bad at all and it doesn't seems to be that much work  because there are enough time to manage all 3 section.
3.0 : Read the book. test are all on the book.
4.0 : Very interesting lectures, would highly recommend. Four exams total, if you read the book and go to lectures tests are easy.
4.0 : Take him, his lecture is good and the way his body laugauge is, makes his lecture not boring.
5.0 : This class is a lot of work no matter who you take it with. I would rather take it with Bommer, he actually likes the subject and doesn't make it boring. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Really good teacher, tests are easy if you really study the textbook.
4.0 : You'll like him during office hours if you are struggling in class. He loves lecturing, and he's smart and driven; he's not the chair by mistake. He co-wrote the textbook, so that's what shows up on tests. His teaching style is also a lot more engaging than most other lecturers in the CSOB. If this class is required, take Bommer.
5.0 : Bommer is a great instructor. He has a lot of experience in the business field so he definitely knows what he's talking about. Just show up and pay attention, read, and study. You'll definitely pass if you just try.
5.0 : Great professor, learned a lot with all the good and funny examples he used.
5.0 : Great teacher really knows what he is teaching and is very passionate. Show up and take notes you will do fine in the class.
5.0 : lectures are a great class is rigorous because of the virtual and lab but overall is manageable
5.0 : Super great instructor with interesting lectures. Go to class, take notes, read the book, and you will do well on exams.
4.0 : great professor, take notes from lecture and read the book and you will do good on exams
5.0 : Bommer is one of the best professors that I know to actually have good teaching ability skills. As long as you go to class, take good notes and review over the chapters that will be on the exam you should do fine. His tests consist of around 40 multiple choice questions.
4.0 : Solid MGT 110 professor. Knows what he is talking about and gets you very engaged in the lecture.  He is very approachable just based on his personality, but has a somewhat dark sense of humor, so if you get offended way too easily do not take him.  Overall fun class to attend, I look forward to his lectures and his stories.
5.0 : Professor Bommer is a great professor, he's very clear about the topics he lectures on. There is a lot of work for the virtual part so be ready to do research. The lab is really easy, just focus on the videos presentations. Make sure you start beforehand on the video presentations!!!
4.0 : Great professor for the lecture part we did not had any homework just the exams. The exams are tricky, you have to know the concepts very well. The lab is super easy and fun just make sure to work on the presentations ahead of time. The virtual part is not  hard it all depends if you get a good group. Over all good class.
3.0 : Great professor! Very passionate about his topics and hilarious. Enjoyable class but do have to work for your grade.
1.0 : This Professor has an ego issue. Everything about this class is subjective especially the virtual part. Lots of dumb group work. And for a MANAGEMENT class they are not that organised.
4.5 : Dr. Bommer is hilarious! Try not to laugh at his ridiculous scenarios based off of Donald Trump of Breaking Bad. They're hard but light hearted so you won't freak out during the test. Work well with your virtual team. Come to EVERY class because some test questions are based on videos only seen in class
4.5 : Even though I got a C for his class, I have nothing but good things to say about this instructor. He knows his stuff, very interesting and insightful. Does not really answer emails because he has a 300 student class. Dr. Bommer prepares you for the real world with virtual proj. and assessment Ctr.
5.0 : Very clear, fair grading, and manageable workload. Very good course if you actually participate in it. Makes your time fun and doesn't except bs work.
4.5 : Great professor, knows his stuff. Test are application based. Just read the material and you should be fine.  Plan ahead for Virtual Projects to be successful other wise your in if for a ride on the virtual part.
5.0 : If you have the opportunity to take this class over the summer I cannot stress enough how incredible it is to study abroad. Dr. Bommer is an excellent professor, his lectures are very entertaining and fascinating and he has a lot of good experience in the world of business. If you have the time get to know him better and learn from his experiences.
5.0 : Don't try to beat around the bush. He co-wrote the textbook. Wonderful instructor. Passionate, hilarious, knowledgeable in multiple fields, obsessed with 80's hair bands. Don't let the charm fool you. This was one of the hardest classes I've ever taken. There is so much to do, and for Executive MBA students there are only 4 weeks to get through it.
4.0 : Dr. Bommer does a good job of keeping lectures interesting. He also covers the material for the most part but you definitely need to do the assigned reading. He was clear and fair in his grading and the class  assignments and projects were practical for personal development. Highly recommended.
4.0 : Overall an enjoyable professor. His section is easy enough, it's the virtual portion you should be concerned with, and even that isn't too difficult, just depends on your group. Read your book and try to apply the concepts to real life, pay attention to the examples in the book and you'll pass the tests easily.
4.0 : As long as you read the book, you should pass the class. He likes to talk about himself a lot. The lectures end up being a waste of valuable time. Just read the book and find out what happened in class from your group that you get assigned to.
1.0 : Tough grader, and requires participation. However does push you to scratch your head!
3.0 : I enjoyed Bommer's lectures, but I felt it was more relaxed and the exams were more technical in language and correlated more with the textbook than with the lectures. There were some Qs related to in class videos, but most come from reading the book. The Lab and virtual were easy. The exams were the hardest part. Some extra credit.
4.0 : Pretty cool teacher, tries to make the lecture enjoyable. Lectures are really boring and if you dont go you have to read the textbook to have any clue on the test. Only grades in lecture are the exams, and labs are just show up for credit. Virtual portion is awful depending on your group.
4.0 : Bommer lectures off of Prezi presentations and requires the textbook he took a part in writing. He's a funny guy, and his tests aren't difficult as long as you study.
4.0 : Dr. Bommer's teaching style is entertaining and fun, but you need to study hard for an A.
4.0 : Lectures are very entertaining, but most of the tests are based off the book. You will need to grasp the theories in order to do well on the test.
4.0 : Dr. Bommer is a nice guy and a great lecturer, but his lectures are boring and pointless, I never attended class because I just read the textbook and passed all of the tests and did well enough in Virtual and lab to receive an A. Most people I talked to didn't do as well as me, find a test bank and study hard and you'll be fine. I'd take him again.
2.0 : Attendance isn't require but if you want pass, then attend the classes. Even though you should read the book, some of the exam questions will come the the videos and stories presented in class. Also, your grades are nonnegotiable. Virtual portion is a pain. Labs were fun and interesting.
2.0 : People say he's hilarious but some of the things he say can become an offense to people. He has his owns opinions and beliefs but belittling certain groups or people for jokes isn't the niceness thing to hear in class. I came to learn, not to hear others being made fun of. And he's also a no mercy type of person and doesn't respond to emails well.
5.0 : Easy class. A lot a reading but you don't necessarily have to do it because she tells you all you need to know for the test. I didn't think I would like the class but I did!
4.5 : Her enthusiasm and excitement are so evident. I loved her as a professor and found that she brought up really interesting points. It's a great look at human nature. The tests do require some studying,they were straightforward but hard. The papers require a lot of thought but they're creative which made it fun. I'd recommend this class!
4.0 : It's an easy A if you do the reading. Assignments due every day but they're easy - just read! The subject matter is quite interesting and totally applicable today. I took it over winter break M-F 5 hrs. each period and time flew by quickly. I'd recommend this class to everyone! I walked away with valuable info - you really learn something.
4.0 : Read the texts (there were a lot) &amp; to go to class. I took the night class; were 2 tests, 2 essays, attendance &amp; hw points. Write down &amp; highlight what she covers in class &amp; make sure u understand the themes that she goes over to do well on the tests. She gave a lot of extra credit toward the end also. Also, sit in front of the class, hard to hear
4.5 : She was very nice, and helpful when I had to meet her one-on-one. You can tell she really loves teaching this subject. She requires a lot of reading, and even though she walks you through the basics, I suggest you do most of the assigned reading as well. Great teacher!
5.0 : The class plays out like most language classes. However what makes Pr. K Eastin stand above all the rest is her unwavering desire to help any student who asks for help.  Standard chapter based homework. The tests may seem intimidating with a lack of multiple choice but she LOOKS for every opportunity to give you points for your answer.
5.0 : Like any Humanities class, you will be reading many advanced novels from many years ago. Try your best with the reading and homework, and bring all questions to class. This will not only help you learn but the Pr. will recognize your participation which helps if you aren't the best reader. Tests she will actively looking for ways to give you points
5.0 : Lots of reading because it is a humanities class. Try your best and the teacher will gladly explain any confusion you had on the readings. Test and essay are straightforward and the professor LOOKS for ways to give you points so don't leave anything blank! Participate in class and have a good idea on the readings and it will be an enjoyable class!
4.0 : She's a good teacher. There's a lot readings; a few questions that need to be turned in every class, its simple, but if you don't like reading not for you. 2 exams and 2 papers. Exams will be a bit hard if you miss class a lot, but papers are easy. You'll have to buy a few small books, but you could just rent it from the lib. 1 must but from dept.
2.5 : Very difficult to understand, very heavy text usage (roughly 5+ different texts used), took the course because I had to to fulfill a requirement (boring course but I did learn some valuable things in the end), two papers and two tests, hard to gauge grade throughout the course because of this, take this if u have to but sit up front as she mumbles
4.0 : Good instructor. Lots of reading and class discussions. Discussion questions have to be turned in every class time. Two exams, midterm and final, and two papers and one quiz. Easy class if you keep up with the reading and going to class. She wants her students to pass so she is very helpful. Just do the work.
5.0 : This professor is really kind and she is available for us outside class hour. She is a really great professor who gives great feedbacks. She is also super nice to students. She is my professor for fall 2017 class. You won't regret taking her class. Although there is alot to read she will help all those people who are in need of help. Best professor
3.5 : Professor Eastin was a really great teacher. It was the language that was tough but she tried to do all that she could to make it easy. If any super hard subject was taught by her I would take it. She made the class interesting and the tests were fair.
3.0 : The good part was that I didn't have to meet with him like other advisors. I mainly met with my mentor and she helped me do my project. He never grades the reports till the very end and didn't give me feedback. At the end he gave me a C because i didn't do enough which is BS because my mentor said I should easily get an A and interview for a job.
3.0 : Attendance isn't mandatory, but you will need the notes for your exams. He speaks very monotone so it can be boring, but just study the lecture notes and you'll get a good grade.
5.0 : Best professor of all time. Sure the class isn't that great, but he is all about helping and making sure you understand what you need to do. His office door is always open to help anybody out. Best professor in the recreation department
5.0 : Brandon is very helpful. Goes through everything step by step. Class work is a bummer, but he tries his best to make it fun
4.0 : Brandon can be a bit monotone during lectures but he tries to make it fun. He can sometimes be vague on assignment but is always willing to answer any questions you have. For the test make sure your READ your book, the test is based a lot on the book especially for RA 77.  He offers extra credit which can be anywhere from 10-40 points.
5.0 : Loved this class! If familiar with Accounting you will do great! Great lectures and funny guy. Really personable!
1.0 : This class is poorly designed. I have not learned anything. His directions are extremely vague, especially for his very important projects which he mentions from the beginning of the semester and every class from that point on, but he assigns them the last two weeks of class. I have much more to say, but not enough space in this box to say it.
4.0 : Brandon is a cool guy, the class is very different. group program plan as well as an individual plan. they require some work, but he will work with you along the way. READ the book cause it will help with tests which are confusing, but the programs are worth more. tough class, but not impossible to get an A
5.0 : Every easy. Just need to purchase 2 book which cost probably $20. The whole semester only deal with those two book. Syllabus are very different from the class. Attendence are mandatory. Only 1 essay. Class is fun, no quiz if the whole class read book and discuss on class time. To say we dont really do anything from the class, just reading 2book
5.0 : Structure of the class is messy, but makes up for this by being extremely flexible. Class falling behind schedule? Alright, we'll just postpone the essay due date a few weeks back. Topics and books were very interesting, lectures are very informal, and discussion is encouraged. He takes student feedback seriously, and overall is a solid professor.
5.0 : Such a wonderful professor! Took his classes as often as I could each semester. Highly recommend him as a professor!
4.5 : I am obsessed with Dr. K! He is nice, personable, helpful, and surprisingly hilarious in a dweeby/clever way. He truly cares about your learning and he is always there when you have a question or concern.  The class is interesting and pretty heavy on the workload, but everything is explained in detail and it is not too difficult. He is my hero.
5.0 : Dr. K. is an amazing teacher!!! He really cares about students and wants them to learn and succeed. I really got a lot of good, real world, useful information out of his course. He tries hard to prepare students for the real world. He gives a lot of assignments but they are not hard, just a bit time consuming. Highly recommended and respected man.
4.0 : Dr. Cuellar is a very nice teacher cares alot about his students also very polite. His class is easy as long as you know Spanish fluently there is two presentations and alot of movie summaries you must complete in Spanish. Oh yea and he likes his students to participate that makes him very happy and gets you extra points
5.0 : This class was just AWESOME! The class of course is in Spanish, you have weekly entries due but they are not hard, two presentations which were fun :) His quizzes/ test were easy what ever is on his study guide exactly on tests. He has such passion and heart for what he does and best believe he is the best professor you will ever have :)
4.5 : First of all she prefers to be called by her name Rosanna. Other than that she is a great professor! Your grade will only be determined by BB Quiz&amp;Journal, Attendance with Jumprope&amp;PVC, 1 Practical Demonstration and 1 Final. Practical is easy if you come to class and learn the movement. Be friendly in class so you guys can help eachother out. EASY!
5.0 : Show up, make sure you participate and you'll pass easily. All quizes are online and you can take em from home so they're very easy, just pay attention cause the final is composed of the same exact questions from the quizzes. No book needed, just show up. Very fun class and learned a lot.
5.0 : She is ridiculously in shape, she owns a crossfit gym... But she teaches you movementslifts very very well, and her class definitely keeps you in shape.  Also, that PVC you see people carrying around?  That's this class.  She offers a lot of EC all worth 1 pt each, journals worth 4, quizzes worth 10. Don't miss.  I loved it and recommend Rosanna!
4.5 : Very helpful and detailed when teaching a new movement. She lets everyone go at their own pace when exercising. One online journal entry plus one online quiz per week was all there was besides the practicals.
5.0 : Rosanna is a great instructor. If you show up, do what is required, do the simple quizzes, you will do fine in this class. Only tough part was the practical, but nothing to hard!
5.0 : Loved loved loved her! She's just awesome and you can tell she loves what she teaches.
5.0 : She's very knowledgable and passionate about what she teaches, highly recommend going to class every day because participating in the exercises she teaches you is what the class is all about. Grading criteria is very clear. 41 days of participation points. One 50 point exam. One 20 point practical. Quizzes &amp; journals on blackboard. loved her class
5.0 : This class is SUPER easy and fun. You learn lots of new workouts and actually see your body improving. End of the semester we have practicals where you demonstrate a workout (easy as hell)
5.0 : Easy class, but you have to remember to do the online quizzes. She does remind you a few days ahead, but it is your responsibility to not forget. This is where I messed up, so set reminders when she posts quiz date announcements. Go to class. Bring your equipment. You definitely earn every point because she doesn't bump up grades.
5.0 : She is a great professor. Very crossfit oriented but I learned a lot and I would definitely take her again if I could. I highly recommend her class. As long as you do decent on the online quizzes and show up to class/participate, I guarantee you'll pass with an A
5.0 : Rosanna Pagsanjan is one of the best professors I've had who knows how to push her students to do their best without going over the edge.  She explains each movement in detail so we know how to perform it correctly &amp; safely.  She's tough but as long as you participate in class, do well on quizzes+journals, &amp; practice the movements, you'll get an A.
5.0 : Had the privilege of have Prof. Rosanna for kines 1 and I enjoyed it. She is very well organized and goes into details with the material. Makes everything enjoyable and interesting.
5.0 : She's just awesome!! Very knowledgeable and helpful.
4.0 : Best class I've taken so far! She's really passionate about what she teaches and practices. Show up everyday for  participation, study lecture notes for the quizzes, and do your best on the practical. Grading is a point by point basis so get as many points as you can. Gives extra credit. 50 question cumulative final. Enjoyed learning new exercises.
4.5 : I have no background or experience speaking or writing Arabic. With that being said Professor Rashid is a fantastic instructor who connects with his students and is very understanding. If you need to take a foreign language I strongly recommend his class. Fantastic class, would definitely take it again.
4.5 : He is very nice does not ask for much. He gives HW (not hard), Quiz (not hard)gives you study guides that are almost exactly like the quiz, take home final (not hard)and 1 powerpoint project which you will present (not hard)
3.5 : Awesome professor super easy class and fun as well!
5.0 : Very nice guy. Very easy going. He keeps the classes very relaxed and fun.
4.0 : If you're looking forward in learning a new language I would recommend him! Great professor. (:
5.0 : Easy A, just attend class. Easy test, gives study guides.
5.0 : An AMAZING professor. He is a super nice guy and is full of laughter. Whether you have arabic background or not, he loves to connect with students and loves to share stories. His homework and quizzes are absolutely easy and he helps you with any sort of help needed. I took all his arabic classes and wish he teaches more &amp; I would definitely enroll.
5.0 : He was awesome guy, easy tests, only you need to read the study guide and you are good to go, he will help you in the case if you have problem with writing, overall great guy.
5.0 : By far the greatest easiest teacher on campus. Easy A!!!!!
4.0 : 4 quizzes. Sometimes adds additional questions, but makes it out of 30 so it counts as extra credit. Sends out studyguide which is like the quiz. Hardest part is writing. One powerpoint on something dealing with the Arabic culture or a 1000 word essay. If you have an A, don't have to take final. Participate! Easy A!! Do Hw.
5.0 : P. Rashid was an awesome professor. He really cares about his students learning the language and cultures of Arabic. He makes his class very interactive and lenient in order to retain his students' attentions. The tests are super easy. Just come to class, take some useful notes, keep an open dialogue going with him and you're set!
3.5 : Took this as a night class was interesting, wish I wasn't too tired from the long day. This professor is extremely cool and awesome. Says he wont give you a study guide but he will go over the important parts before the exams which is cool. You DO NOT need the book because the exams are 100% based on his awesome easy power points.
5.0 : Great teacher makes his own PP which makes class much more interesting.  He tells you exactly what to study for exams.  Attempts to be funny,enjoyed the class.
5.0 : One of the best Professors I have ever had. He knows his stuff. He makes the information easy to comprehend. Recommend you take him!!!
3.5 : He’s an exceptional instructor &amp; is very flexable w/students who misunderstand his instructions. For instance, more than 1/2 the students didnt follow his clear instructions when he repeated regarding the class presentation, same w/term paper. He talks too much during exams and he can get off topic. Class was very interesting. Overall, a nice guy.
5.0 : I took Professor Berj's Public Health Administration class and I have to say it was the most interesting course I have ever had. A whole lot of it had to do with his teaching methods. He actually involved us! I used to think the topic of health care would be the most challenging for me because healthcare doesn't excite me, but Berj changed that.
5.0 : one of the best classes ever taken. he really knows wht hes talking about. the exams are straight out of his power points and are really simple, but you have to study the power points! there is one paper required and a small presentation. I never used the textbook. great class
3.5 : Test questions are directly from the book. Lectures are long and slightly boring. No final. Group project topics are easy. Research paper was a bit interesting, but easy to accomplish.
5.0 : The entire class was based on groups doing one presentation. The was the entire grade. No tests, just one giant group presentation. If you enjoy public speaking then you will enjoy this class, if you don't then you will hate it.
4.0 : Grade is based on group project, research paper, and 3 tests. If you show up and get involved, you'll pass easily. Awesome teacher and would love to take a class with her again!
5.0 : Fantastic teacher, attendance is not mandatory, book can be found online (but you wont need it, everything is in the powerpoint on BB) &amp; she emails back in a timely manner. 3 tests and 1 group project where you choose your topic and group mates. She also goes over the whole test so make sure you come the class before the test. Great semester w her.
5.0 : Ms. Samaha is great teacher. She makes lectures understandable, relatable and fun. There are usually guest speakers from the community that come to speak  to enhance lectures. There is an assigned novel but it was a great read. Test are easy and homework relates back to class discussions and readings. If you have to take PH110 take with Her!
4.5 : Easiest public health class! If you get any grade lower than an A, you don't belong in college. Weekly homework assignments, but it's manageable. Let me just say, this class took me back to high school years. Overall, she's wonderful, but should consider making the class a bit more challenging.
4.5 : This class was awesome. By far the most fun I've had in a college class. She keeps things very laid back and fun. There's a small paper and every Tuesday, a group will present which is not scary it's actually really fun. 3 tests and tons of EC. Take her take her TAKE HER!!!!!!! Oh and she basically gives the answers to the test the class before.
5.0 : Do yourself a favor and take her class. She's really awesome. So far, my favorite professor at Fresno State!
5.0 : I showed up 5 times out of the whole semester and passed with an over 100%. It's that easy.
5.0 : This professor is so cool and laid back. Shes hands down the best professor i have ever taken a class with. If you read, and study you will get an easy A for sure. You learn a lot of things from this class.
5.0 : Hands down the BEST professor of ALL time that I've taken as a graduating college student in all my years. Really enjoyed the class and there was a lot of participation from students. Actually going to really miss her class and her teaching style. She has the best sense of humor and everyone was always engaged in her class. Beyond awesome class!
3.0 : She gives out a 13 page syllabus at the beginning of the semester of all the rules and dates. KEEP THIS SYLLABUS!! She's nice when she wants to be and takes her student's opinions into consideration, so on't be afraid to talk to her.  Don't fall behind and come to class everyday even though it doesn't seem like you need to, it's very important.
5.0 : Mrs. Samaha is a caring professor. Her lectures were not mandatory to attend but she made them fun. There is group presentations for every chapter that are informative and fun, three tests,  one paper, and no final. Definitely recommend her class!
5.0 : Professor Manal has been one of my favorite professors in my college career. The tests are easy if you pay attention, she makes the lectures fun and the class overall is an easy A/B if you put in the work.
4.0 : I took her for PH 90, Contemporary health issues. Great Professor..
5.0 : One of the best professors I have had here at CSU. I would love to have him as a professor again. He is very understanding. Very easy quizzes, a final, some online easy work. Very clear and helpful. Take him! Highly recommend.I almost forgot to mention there is no book needed,
1.5 : This is not a fun class! Requires way too much reading. 10 quizzes, 2 exams plus a final, and an essay. He is very critical and brutal when it comes to grading essays. Exams and quizzes are done through iclicker. Very stressful class.
4.0 : Professor La Porta is very good at lecturing, &amp; he tried his best to make the class interesting. His class is boring, but largely due to the course material not so much his fault. It was tough, but if you study and read the books you'll be fine. Luckily attendance isn't mandatory! The work isn't overwhelming, but you need to study hard to do well.
4.5 : I had him for two classes and enjoyed both. Attendance wasn't mandatory in Hum 10, but if you miss too many, you could feel at loss to what he's talking about. 10 quizzes, 3 exams, 1 essay and 10 Briteclass entries. Though it sounds hard, I found this class to be super easy even though I got a B because I kept missing classes and quizzes!
1.0 : The stuff that we learned was cool but not the professor. Take it with someone else. He's hard headed and not forgiving or lenient. The only good thing is that you can skip class cuz it's huge. Just show up to the quizzes and test days. Study for them. Lots of reading. He grades papers weird and tough too.
5.0 : Dr. Lucey is an awesome &amp; funny professor. There are 2 exams that consist of multiple choice, T/F, and vignettes. One assessment paper and vignettes points. Learned so much from this class. Textbooks are required, but it is textbook you need for your career.
5.0 : You will work hard in this class, but you will learn a lot. Ms. Firstman is very energetic and approachable. She makes each class interesting by connecting the course material to things in real life. A great writing teacher. I learned to read and study in ways that will help me in all of my other classes, too. Loved this class.
4.5 : Loved this class towards the end. She was a little hard to get used to at first but after a while, it's a breeze as long as you read what's assigned and participate in class. No cell phones, no missing class, and no going through the motion. Yes she will call you out if you don't actually get what's going on but definitely worth it.
5.0 : This was the best class ever!
5.0 : Ms. Firstman is one of the sweetest profs you'll ever meet! She's very approachable &amp; is always willing to help. The workload might be a lot, but it is doable - weekly readings &amp; discussions on BB &amp; in class plus 3 essays. Fun fact: she's also an author. And you'll be reading from her bestselling memoir (which is not only interesting, but good!)
4.0 : Assigns a lot of work so definitely recommend staying on top of the course load. Three big papers and just a lot of writing assignments in between to help you. Go to class she takes attendance and makes it mandatory for some days or you lose points.
5.0 : Professor Firstman is an author, so you'll be graded pretty tough. She's super clear on instructions and will assign only 3 essays. The work load is a lot but i appreciated it because it helps to balance out your grade. Ask about what you do wrong on HW so you can get perfect 10's just in case you mess up on your essays. Responds super fast!
5.0 : Awesome teacher. Seriously, she is SO ADORABLE! She loves telling stories about her dog and husband which was very cute. Her assignments were never terrible. The essays we walked through as a class together. She was very helpful and always asked for student feedback on topics in class. It was a great semester and I absolutely would recommend her!
5.0 : Firstman's Creative Nonfiction Class was an absolute blast, but you gotta participate in order to learn anything. Don't be shy, she's very helpful and wonderful to be around. It's a discussion-oriented class, and she's great at keeping things light and fun. Amazing class; amazing teacher. Would highly recommend.
5.0 : Wow. Just wow. I learned so much. Ms. Firstman's "Academic Literacy" class is amazing. Yes, I worked hard. Very hard. But this may be the best class I've ever taken.
5.0 : Easy going faculty. Quite professional
5.0 : Easy to work with. Accommodates student needs.
4.5 : Cares about students. Willing to work with students with busy work life and family
4.5 : I have a full time job and family. I found this course to be quite fitting my schedule as it is available online and all work has at least a week to complete. The instructor was very helpful when I missed a deadline or had genuine family emergency
4.5 : Needed a writing requirement taken care of. Easy to communicate with the professor. Was accommodative of deadlines and real student problems.
5.0 : Nice professor. Always emailed be back on time unlike other professors. Was there for me. Will recommend this class to others for sure.
5.0 : Great Professor. Enjoyed this class. Relaxed and good textbook. Easy to read and self study.
5.0 : Pay attention to techniques taught in class, quizzes, midterm and final are similar to the homework. If you ace your homework you will definitely get a good grade for your final. Practice AutoCad before you take the class.
5.0 : Excellent class. Was always kind and helpful. Would suggest to other students.
5.0 : IT198W was an easy and interesting class. Balaji was always helpful and always responded to my emails. That semester I was taking 21 units and working 2 jobs. I passed this class with an A. I would definitely recommend taking this class!
2.5 : Took the class online. He is understanding if you miss a quiz or turn something in late. Probably would have learned more in a face-to-face class. No lectures, so it's more like a correspondence course than an online one. It's easy though, and he is laid back
5.0 : Professor Creviston is a wonderful instructor. He is very straight forward and easy to understand. Not very demanding. Only one paper, Midterm, and Final Exam. Lectures are very informative and are helpful on exams. He provides many extra credit opportunities, take advantage! Passed the class easily with an A+ Highly Recommend!!!!
5.0 : Best History ever take for General Ed.  He's very interesting and will help you.  Homework are super easy! Just be prepare with in class quiz.  Very easy though.  I would recommend come class and listen or take his notes because it will help on midterm and final.
4.0 : Nice guy who knows what he's doing. In class, some of the core assignments were somewhat vague, but if you visited him during office hours he was helpful and understanding, and in general seemed to show lots of leniency in his grading. Requires minor assignments from a workbook and a presentation aside from the major papers.
3.0 : It might just be because I'm a history major, but while he knows what he's talking about he did seem to leave some important information out. I understand that you cannot fit everything in one semester, but he would focus on certain aspects of this time period for longer than needed. The final and midterm is written and he gives no study guide.
3.5 : Took History 12 online, you have to be SUPERBLY lazy not to pass with at least a B. Everything is done on your time, there's NO weekly assignments they're just all due by a certain date. If you don't want to attend class and sit in long lectures TAKE THE ONLINE COURSE.
3.5 : Professor Creviston had my respect from the first day of class. His love for history shows in his lectures and it helps you stay interested in his lectures. He also has a great sense of humor that makes you want to go to class. Class is out of 1,000 points and it is fairly simple to do well. He does not grade very tough. I love you Vernon....
5.0 : Each week there are reading assignments, powerpoints to review, crash course videos, articles, a discussion board assignment (graded heavily), and a review quiz (multiple attempts). This class is graded by the effort you put in and can be an easy A. It made history exciting. Creviston replies very quickly to emails and tests aren't too bad.
4.0 : Professor Creviston gives really great lectures and he makes history exciting. Your grade reflects your effort and this class may be hard if you are not willing to do the work. Weekly quizzes and discussion boards. 1 midterm, 1 final, 2 papers, and he gives extra credit. Easy class for me but it was tedious to do the discussion boards every week.
3.0 : There's a quiz and discussion every week, quizzes are on quizlet. He's a hard grader when it comes to discussions and papers. Each midterm and final is 50 questions in class, but a paper as well. He has a class online, I would recommend it online since going to class is pointless.
3.0 : Going to class isnt mandatory, but it helps. There are random floating assignments during the semester that you need to be in class for but hell usually give you a heads up. He also gave us a lot of extra credit which helped. Weekly discussions &amp; quizzes, and kind of is a tough grader. Only 2 essays, 2-3 pages. Recommend taking his course online.
3.0 : The class wasnt for me, I thought it would be easy until I actually took this course. Its hard, I mean it wouldnt have if I kept up with my readings but I didnt. I just have to say, there is A LOT OF READING. Beware! If you dont like reading, dont take this class!
5.0 : I always got C's or below in history in high school and was dreading taking this class but Mr. Creviston made learning history fun. Quizzes-open book at home, exams were fairly easy if you read the book, wrote 4 essays based on extra readings not in book. If your grade is slacking, no worries. The extra credit will get you through the semester!
3.0 : He is a role model of what aspiring social workers want to be. However, he is a tough grader. His class is worth taking because he speaks on his experiences, and is very down to earth. Just keep up with the reading to pass the quizes and you should do well.
5.0 : He is a great professor who truly has a passion for what he is teaching.  His classes are always entertaining and the subject matters were very interesting.  Loved his teaching laid-back, yet informative teaching style.  Awesome professor.
5.0 : He is a great teacher. Makes everything clear and makes the material easy to understand. Had a few online quizzes. Papers took up most of our grade but they weren't too bad. Had some book work towads the end. But lectures were based off what was in the book.
3.0 : Made too many changes and didn't have enough structure, why even bother giving a syllabus? Gave unclear answers and we all fell behind as a class. Tests and quizzes are online. Show up to class, do the work, participate. He's nice and cares about his students, which is a plus.
5.0 : His lectures were very easy to follow along. He would always give examples and made sure everybody understood the material. He is big on participation in class. I really enjoyed this class and would definitely recommend this professor.
5.0 : He is hands down the most down to earth professor I've had. His lectures are legendary and clear as he gives you different perspectives when it comes to the topic being covered. The work isn't too rough as long as you do it , and his instructions are very clear on work. I HIGHLY recommend people to take this course. Discussion is high in his class.
4.5 : Very great professor. He likes discussion a lot so be sure to participate in class. He does read your homework/essays/assignments so be sure to try your best and follow his advice in completing the work. Comes off as a mean guy at first but is actually very nice. Attendance matters so show up and be ready to learn.
5.0 : One of the best Professors at Fresno State. He is super supportive but he will tell you like it is. If you listen to him, you will become a more competent and confident counselor
4.5 : Despite it being a Monday night class &amp; the long lectures, Mr. Reiser kept things interesting &amp; offered a lot of personal insight which was really appreciated. He cares for his students &amp; wants all of us to do well. He was very helpful throughout the semester &amp; offered extra credit, which was a plus. Looking forward to hopefully taking him again!
5.0 : Great teacher and major advisor.
5.0 : Very easy class, all PowerPoint's will be posted, he tells you what will be on the tests, so go to class. Most times he let's us out early. No textbook required. Easy A class.
5.0 : Great teacher who really cares about his students ad their success. Very straight forward and easy to get along with. One of my favorite teachers I've ever had. I really enjoyed how passionate he was about his field.
5.0 : McMillen is definitely one of my favorite professors i've had. Very approachable and easy to talk to. He is always willing to help his students. The class is super easy. Tests are common sense. Hardly any work at all. Easy A!
4.5 : very easy good class. go to class and you will be fine.
5.0 : His classes are really cool. That guy is dope! Always ready to help. Student success is his mission.
4.0 : Responds fast when emailing, nice guy and class is pretty easy
3.5 : Easy class but really misleads students about the field. Sports Admin is really a non-existent field (along with the rest of kines). Few jobs and definitely doesn't transfer over many skills to other fields.
4.5 : Sean is the man. He wants you to pass the NREMT, and will even bring you along during his shifts to go over material. Although he's a great instructor, I feel this class isn't enough to help students pass the NREMT. Not all of the skills are covered, and a sig amount of chapters are cut. Easy A, but if you want to become an EMT, take it elsewhere
5.0 : Professor Johnson is one of the best. I passed my National Registry on the first try. I got a job working for  a local hospital as an EMT while I'm finishing school. He gave me a love for medecine I am thinking about med school. Take his class you will learn so much!
5.0 : Took his class this spring and the reviews are spot on. Solid Teacher! Cares about his students and knows his material. He can relate almost every topic to personal experience. He's the only professor I had like this. Most professors at Fresno state are overinflated egos that never had real jobs, arrogant and egotistical. Best prof at this school.
5.0 : Best professor at Fresno state! I learned soooooooo much he's a great guy and a fireman  I wish I could take all my classes from him
5.0 : I took this class in the Spring. A friend of mine took his class and recommended him. I am glad I did. It was the best class I ever had at State. I just took my Registry and passed first try thanks to his teaching and help. Would recommend him to everyone.
5.0 : No class could be any more straight forward. Expect to laugh - at yourself, at the stories, and just in general. He makes the class fun and hands on. The stories he told were probably my favorite part, they helped me remember the craziest things for the test. He's very personable. Real. If you have a queasy stomach, don't take the class. Have fun!
5.0 : I am a recent graduate and because of my degree and the emt certificate through this class I got a great job with amazing perks working with athletes. I honestly learned more about "what" to do in this class than all my other required core classes. This man is an amazing Professor and in my opinion the very best at Fresno State. Thank you!
5.0 : Took this class as an elective because I wanted it for jobs and heard a lot of good things about him. He is an amazing Professor. Very approachable, funny, sarcastic. The ride along he has you do was crazy. He has a lot of exeperience and personal stories he shares with the class, my favorite of all 4 years. He gets a chili pepper too ;)
5.0 : Took Professor Johnson's class this spring and graduated this year. I finally got around to taking the National Registry and I passed! I now have several applications out hope to be working my first ambulance job soon. He is the absolute best Professor I have ever had. He is amazing! I leaned so much! Thank you Professor Johnson and don't ever stop
5.0 : Material is extremely difficult. Have to memorize a ton of minerals by composition and appearance, lots of microscope work. He is very willing to help you understand things, DO NOT BE AFRAID TO APPROACH HIM. Awesome teacher.
4.5 : Dr. Putirka is a very good teacher but you have to be willing to put in the effort.  He will help whenever you need without straight up telling you the answers.  His lectures can be confusing but if you have an questions he will explain it till you understand.  Overall, a great professor.
5.0 : Dr. Putirka is a great teacher who knows his stuff! Show up and pay attention and he'll always be there to help!
5.0 : This class was interesting. I thought he was an amazing professor, he kept things clear. He's good looking and really chill. Attending class was mandatory because you miss out on notes. Easy materials, gives you good study guides and tests.
5.0 : Personable and a great professor! Makes a very dull and boring subject essentially fun.
5.0 : He's really passionate about his subject, which helps. Make sure to attend class to copy his notes and study the book(s) one is offered online fortunately, he does give nice study guides. Overall he is a really down-to-earth nice guy. He's super helpful if you're struggling and makes the lectures very interesting.
4.0 : He makes this class very fun.  For someone who doesnt like politic, this is one of my favorite class to attend.  There is a chapter quiz every week, 1 midterm, 1 paper, and 1 final.  There are also random assignment here and there.  Grades are not posted on blackboard so it takes a long time to know what your grade is.
5.0 : I hate politics and everything about it. I came in negative and ready to complain. His class changed all that. No air of superiority you feel with most other profs. Down to earth. Passionate. He shapes the content and makes it interesting, thought provoking and relatable. 2 books. Come to class and do work. You can't skate by. He's awesome.
4.0 : He is a good professor and he makes his lectures are interesting. Make sure to take notes because he literally has you write down what will be on the quizzes. Speaking of quizzes, there is a quiz every Monday and it is fill in the blank. If you study your notes you are good but otherwise you are screwed. Just pay attention and attend class.
4.5 : easy class if you at least skim the readings and go to class for lectures. sometimes  tells you what questions are on the weekly quizzes during lecture. interesting class and makes this boring subject fun. one essay at the end of semester and only 2 tests which he gives study guides for so its easy. offers extra credit. definetly recommend him
5.0 : This was such a great class! Professor Hernandez is so nice and great at his job. You will NOT regret taking his class. I highly recommend him. He is so nice and a very great professor. This class was a lot of fun and not boring at all. 3 exams, 3 quizzes, an essay and a final.
5.0 : I like the guy, but don't like his class. All of his quizzes and tests are essay and fill-in the blank, so if you don't know the answer, you're screwed. His tests are really hard and he doesn't give many other assignments to help boost your grade if you don't do well on his tests and quizzes. His tests are just unnecessarily hard.
5.0 : You must pay attention to his lectures! His quizzes are pretty tough and so are finals! He assigns research papers! He keeps you busy till the last day of class! He's pretty funny and his lectures are very interesting! Also very helpful!!
5.0 : The best teacher I have ever had. He's awesome at teaching he really makes you want to listen. I literally look forward to going to class. He's super nice and helpful when you have questions. He's also really young so he relates to the students well. This class isn't for people who do nothing though. I get A's on the tests bc they are the readings.
5.0 : So far, my favorite teacher at Fresno State. She made the class so easy and entertaining every single time. Plus, no textbook was needed!
2.5 : If you want a teacher that is actually going to teach you something about communication then I would not recommend Stacia. So many useless presentations. If she doesn't care for your class in specific, she will not be very helpful. Tends to be rude and impatient.
4.0 : She was an AMAZING professor. I took her my first semester of college and she made the class fun and transitioning from high school to college not so difficult. Hardly have any home work or packets or reading to do, besides what is required for your speech. Have 3 speeches: group, informative, persuasive.  These speeches make or break your grade.
4.5 : LOVE HER !!!
4.5 : Awesome professor, easy class. Not as scary as you might initially think.
4.0 : She's an AWESOME teacher. I would totally take her class again. She wants to help her students. Try your hardest and show her you care, and you'll get an A.
4.5 : Mrs. Swan has been one of my favorite professors so far. She is sweet and is very good at her job as a comm teacher. You would have to try to fail her class as she is very clear in what she expects of you and your work. I took her Argumentation class and find that I use the course material for everyday life and in other classes. No textbook req'd.
5.0 : She is the best!!
5.0 : By far my favorite professor at state. She is very engaging and always energetic. There is no textbook for the class so that is a plus. She loves helping students when they need help and truly cares for her students as well. I would definitely take her class and strongly recommend it to you reading this post, you will not regret it!
4.0 : Great teacher! She's clear on what she expects you to do for presentations. Cancels class A LOT and is willing to work with you and your group if you really need the help. Definitely recommend her!!
4.5 : She's a really cool and casual professor. Assigns a lot of group projects. Would recommend.
5.0 : What can I say she's a great prof, easily one of the best, she's amazing at what she does
5.0 : Stacia is awesome! If you're looking for a communications class for GE, TAKE THIS ONE. She makes the material so fun and interesting... You will be EXCITED for class. Lots of group projects, discussions... Her assignments take time and effort, but they are not difficult if you show up to class and pay attention. She gives 4 free absences.
5.0 : Stacia is a great prof. Assigns a lot of presentations. Grades presentations pretty critically. Helps out as much as possible. Cancels class A LOT which was nice because that time was used to meet up with your group for upcoming presentation.
4.0 : She's a nice teacher! Easy class as well!
4.0 : Fairly many papers, but not that hard. She's really nice, and doesn't really lecture. If you're afraid of public speaking, you quickly learn how to not be. Great course.
5.0 : No complaints about her class!  She basically hands you an A in this class. Just follow her instructions on assignments. There is no book. Also, she loves people who participates in her class. We had one exam (take home!), one major debate project and a final.  She gave a lot of extra credit and canceled class a few times so that was a plus.
1.0 : Overall a terrible professor.  I wouldn't recommend this prof to any student alive.  He doesn't know how to teach and he happens to be a very tough grader.  It wouldn't be so annoying if he was excellent at explaining the subject matter.  You really end up totally teaching yourself about 90% of the material. Simply not worth the headache.
4.0 : Ryan was truly one of the best professors that I've had. Despite the quizzes &amp; the tough essay grading, the class is quite amazing. He teaches you how to open your mind and see from others' perspectives. He throws a lot of witty humor into his lectures. He finds ways to make class interesting and there's fun group work in class as well. very cute.
4.0 : Strait up dude, if you do your work and go to class you will be fine. Three assignments worth a total of 60%. Interesting teacher, not your average 60 year old grandma teaching english. I would recommend him to anyone
3.5 : Amazing professor and person. He was very helpful and answered all my questions thoroughly. I love his sense of humor too, so that made the class much more interesting.
5.0 : Professor cook is such an amazing professor, so I don't know why people would even say that he doesn't know how to lecture. He bases his material off of pop culture, not an old boring typical English prof. He is not a tough grader, he grades your paper how well you do and the structure. Also, he is hot! Made the class even better hahaha
5.0 : I have had this professor for many classes. She is very involved in the community and a great resource. She is willing to help students and is straight forward in all her classes. You won't need to the book very often that I can remember. If you do all the work and turn it in on time, she will pass you with a good grade!
5.0 : SO glad I took this course with Maggie. Sure there is a lot of work involved but it is all relevant to what we are all trying to accomplish in the long run &amp; that is to be fantastic social workers. Maggie is so understanding &amp; is there for you. She shares wonderful stories which spice things up. I wish I could've taken her SW 161S course. TAKE HER!
4.0 : She is the most involved and engaged Social Work instructor, while also maintaining professional boundaries.
5.0 : Take her! This course is easy and amazing! Her lectures are interesting and she is very nice and understanding. She is always clear on what she wants and the text book is required due to the workbook skills you'll use.
5.0 : Absolutely wonderful human being. Maggie is a great professor. She is caring, helpful, and very knowledgeable about her field. I am so excited that I got into her 161S course. Take her, you won't regret it.
4.0 : Wasn't expecting to  like this class as much as I did.  He wants you to succeed and do well.  He will challenge your way of thinking, which is a wonderful thing.  He believes that tests and midterms are counterproductive to the learning experience, so there are none!  He does give a quiz at the begging of each class on the book he assigns.
5.0 : I took this class my first semester and it still is my favorite class ever. She is super nice and funny, and the material is really interesting. Highly recommend taking her!
4.0 : CFS 140A is easy.You have to find a school and a teacher and do observation each week for the entire semester, 4 exams from book and lecture.It's easy if u already have connection to an old elementary teacher,No preschool.CFS 140b is the same,but more observation hours,40 hours total for the whole semester,4 group presentations, 1 big portfolio.
3.5 : Took CFS 38 with her online. There are discussion boards which are easy and mostly common sense. She posts powerpoints for each chapter and a study guide for the tests. I believe there are 3 exams and a final (have to take them at the testing center) and 1 paper (minimum 2 pages, pretty easy) Read the chapters in the book does help a lot!
5.0 : Linda is such a great person and super funny. She adds in stories sometimes that tie into the lecture. There are two papers and four tests which are pretty easy. She gives study guides. If you have any concerns about anything just talk to her, she's really easy to talk to. Just don't use your phone during lecture.
5.0 : Professor Linda is strict on no phones allowed in class. She is very nice and understanding that some students do better on writings compare to tests so she grades fairy. I never did good on the test but I passed with a B because she grades easy on essays and gave 2 extra credits assignment. Totally recommend her (:
5.0 : Utterly amazing teacher. Knows her history inside and out and can lead off topic discussions as well. Easy A but very rewarding to take her!
5.0 : She is amazing! Honestly my most favorite class and she made it great!
4.0 : fair class. 2 essays. offer some extra credit. 3 test and a final. enjoy her lectures, they are really easy to follow and take notes on. She goes at a steady pace so her students can have time to write down the information. One thing i like about her is that she will constantly remind you about important information and does not mind repeating so.
3.0 : Not bad. Not great either. Fair though. No electronics allowed to be used in class unless you have a reason to (note taking does not count).
4.5 : AMAZING! One of the most caring and helpful professors in CSU Fresno. Yes the class is not hard, but you will LEARN so much. She makes class go by fast with her lectures. Never boring. Interesting. Funny. Work but not a lot or hard. You will really enjoy this course and will learn more than you think.
5.0 : Professor DeKruif is a really great professor, you learn a lot of useful and relatable things from her class. Would definitely recommend taking her class.
5.0 : Amazing professor! 2 fairly easy papers, 3 exams but she drops your lowest score, and a final. Lecture is always interesting and she has a great sense of humor. No phones during class though. Attendance is mandatory to get notes because she doesn't post it on Blackboard. Easy extra credit points are given for each exam.
3.0 : Fair! Not the best but not the worst. Just take it. Attendance is not mandatory but it is mandatory to know your stuff. Tests are not bad if you study for them. Has a slight accent that bothered me at first but it's no big deal - diversity is good.
5.0 : Super easy class. Just show up take notes, study, and take the test. 4 tests, lowest score is dropped. 2 really easy 2-3 page papers. No final if you haven't dropped a test by the end of the semester and if you attend class after the last test. She gives random attendance EC and more before each test. Definitely passable! Plus,no need for book!
5.0 : DeKruif is a really great professor! Talks her personal life in connection of the lectures. Lots of notes from lectures, but it's essential for the tests. Uses some stuff from the book, but I didn't buy one &amp; I passed with an A. Offers multiple extra credit, and two, two-page essays which were very easy!
5.0 : Go to class and take good notes. Read the book. Gives a study guide so study hard. Drops lowest test grade, totally helped because i tanked one test. Hilarious and clearly loves his profession. Attendance not mandatory but it's your grade on the line. Miss one class and you'll miss tons of information. Make friends who'll share notes if absent.
5.0 : I am so glad that I took this class with Mr.H! His class was never boring and I ended up with a pretty good group, which made life easier.  You really shouldn't miss class because sometimes he gives assignments that are worth points. I'm a pretty shy person, but I was very comfortable in his class.
5.0 : Professor Jonathan Hernandez made me want to become a teacher even more after taking his course. He truly has a sense of what it is to be a leader and teach real world concepts for future educators going in the same field. He demonstrated a feel good atmosphere that really hit home with me and my friends in the class. Definitely a must take at FSU!
5.0 : I am international student at Fresno State University. Hernandez is the best educator I have had he is very great and I absolutely love his teaching methods to make for a very fun and exciting time for learning in class. Stay positive!
5.0 : Mr. H. is the best. As a future educator myself, I really admire his knowledge, personal experience, motivation, and enthusiasm in class! His lectures are easy to connect with, and the environment that he can produce is simply magic to say the least. Overall, one of the best professors that I have ever had and a must take at Fresno State.
5.0 : I READ HIS ARTICLE IN TEH COLLEGIAN FROM LAST SEMESTER AND I WAS FORTUNATE ENOUGH TO GET INTO HIS CLASS THIS SEMESTER. HE IS THE KING OF ENTERTAINING LECTURES AND HE IS SUPER FUNNY! STUDY THE STUDY GUIDE, DO WHAT HE ASKS, AND YOU'LL HAVE A GREAT TIME!!!!!
5.0 : For all the liberal studies and communication majors: If you need to take 114 with a professor, take it with Mr. H. I really enjoy this course and so does the rest of our class. He's a younger professor with a ton of experience and positive energy. He brings this class to life with his personal examples in teaching. Great experience!!!!!
5.0 : Best class I've taken and it's all because of Mr. H!
5.0 : Best feedback give
5.0 : First semester with H was pretty fun! He makes you interact with students everyday and plays music at the beginning of class to start off positive vibes! Always positive and can make you laugh and smile! He gives you study guides to study for exams and the group projects were not hard at all, it's just time management that is hard with your group.
4.5 : Great all-around, very entertaining, made a group speaking class not so nerve racking!
5.0 : professor hernandez is such a great educator, person, and now my mentor. I will be graduating in a few weeks and his words that he spoke in our public speaking class still to this day inspire me. I suffer a lot from anxiety and he really made this class feel so inviting. Thank you for everything Mr. H!!!!! WE LOVE YOU!!!!!
5.0 : He's a great professor, honestly one of the best I have had. Even if you are stuck in a group with lazy people if you talk to him and let him know he is understanding. Really down to earth and has extra credit opportunities.
5.0 : I had a really good time in H's Communications Small Group class. For the most part my group was pretty cool to hang out with and the assignments were clearly explained in class and on black board. H has a lot of energy! He is definitely my favorite professor on campus and I am going to sign up for another comm class with him for next semester!!!!!
5.0 : Hernandez is the best! I took his intercultural class last year and now as a graduate of Fresno State, I can say that he's the best professor at the university! He really gets you to think of issues outside of your comfort zone. There was a lot of writing in this course, but he does grade very fairly. To all the Bulldogs out there - TAKE H!
5.0 : Professor Hernandez was by far one of the best teachers I have ever had! Such a nice guy that is in touch with our society. Connects with all of his students on the personal level and is really a nice straightforward guy. Speeches are not to bad and tests are ok as long as you do some studying. His RateMyProfessor rating is good for a reason.
5.0 : Knows everyone in the valley and really set me up for success when I graduated last year. Definitely the go to guy at California State University, FresYES! A must take!
5.0 : I absolutely LOVED this class! Professor H is honestly the best professor at state! He's funny &amp; chill, &amp; he's all about his comm fam. He's very thorough with what he expects and gives you study guides for each test as well as lots of extra credit opportunities. Take him! You will not regret it!
5.0 : Awesome teacher. Love this man and look forward to keeping in touch in the future. Awesome on snapchat and very funny and motivating.
5.0 : One of the most,if not the most influential professor I have ever come across. He has inspired me to major in communications! Gives great feedback and loves to inspire students to feel comfortable speaking in front of others. Extra credit is a plus and he pushes for participation! Makes it super easy to learn. Would take him again for sure!
5.0 : Cares about his students tremendously. Professor H makes everyone interact and step out of their comfort zones to show that everyone has struggles, it truly brings the class closer together.  Would take another class with him if I could!
5.0 : I have now taken two courses with Professor Hernandez and he is the greatest. I took Public Speaking with him at Bakersfield College and he really motivated each of us to do better. Now as a FSU student I experienced the same quality and energy. He has honestly been a big mentor to me and if you want to take communications with the best take Mr. H!
5.0 : The most inspiring professor I have every had. Professor Hernandez goes above and beyond and I am very happy to have met him. He sure does deserve the recognition that he is getting. Be sure to sign up early for his classes!
5.0 : LOVE LOVE LOVE &lt;3 Mr. H was ranked as Fresno State's number one professor and after taking his class you will know why. He is super caring, energetic, (helps when you are taking 8 in the morning class), fun, informative, and passionate about his teaching. He wants to see every one in the class succeed and it really does show. Thanks Hernandez!
5.0 : I assumed that Intercultural was going to be discussions about the beauty of different cultures &amp; alternative ways that we can embrace these cultures. And although we did discuss these topics, Prof. H really came at this subject with a critical approach to race and privilege matters which was very enlightening. Not an easy task but I RECOMMEND!
5.0 : Love him as well. He really pushes you to strive for better in and out of the classroom. His don't talk about it be about it attitude is one of the many things that I admire about H. He's so caring, humorous, humble, organized, &amp; honest! Try to sign up for his course early and review the study guides. Obviously he's #1 at CSUF for a reason!
5.0 : He truly is the most caring and innovative professor at FSU. After taking this class I really have a great idea on how I would like to conduct my future classroom. I love his energy and passion to teach and obviously it shows. He even went out of his way to go through his contacts to help me find a job in teaching. Thank you Mr. H for everything!
5.0 : This professor was by far my favorite. Mr. H knows whats up! Yes he was a tough grader on your speeches but he pre-warns you about everything. He utilizes all of his class time and goes over everything thoroughly. He makes you earn your A and he is definitely a fair grader, you show up and do what he asks you pass his class with an easy A.
5.0 : I took H for small group communications last year and he still is my favorite here at fresno state. He has been a huge mentor to me and a lot of my friends. He really goes above and beyond to help you achieve your goals inside and outside of the classroom. You can tell that he really cares about his students and really loves his job! Take h!
5.0 : I ran into Professor H today on campus and all I could do was remember how much fun I had in his class my freshman year here at Fresno State. He really provided me with the best advice anyone has ever given me and I still use it to this day. If it wasn't for him I probably would have given up on school. He's so awesome.
5.0 : Hard not to love H! I was referred to this class by a friend and I can honestly say that it is my favorite class this semester! He is really well respected by his students and it shows. Unlike my other classes this semester his syllabus really shows you everything that we will be doing each day so there are no surprises. He's really cute 2 :-)
5.0 : Seriously there is nobody on campus like Professor Hernandez He is very high energy  you form a bond with everyone in the classroom. He really creates an environment where you can be yourself  express your opinions. I really valued  still value how much effort he puts into his teaching. Love his style A must take at Fresno State University
5.0 : Congratulations to the best professor at Fresno State! OMG! Finally they recognize him as being the best around! Honestly, I told all my friends about his class and to take him. My younger brother is taking him right now and loves the "H Man" as he says. The way he presents class material is still to this day my favorite. Way to go Mr. H!
5.0 : he cool
5.0 : Mr. H knows his stuff and is well connected to people in the Fresno area. Seriously he knows everybody. Be sure to go into his office when you can, study the guides he hands out, participate in lecture, and ask for help (even outside of class). He wants to see you succeed! Definitely a must take at the University. Stay positive, H!
5.0 : CONGRATS to HERNANDEZ! H helped me overcome my anxiety in public speaking forever. I'm glad that I was able to take his class and I am glad that he is getting the recognition that he deserves for going above and beyond. He always told us to stay positive and to don't talk about it be about it. So true! Thanks for the encouragement H! Love ya man!
5.0 : Hernandez was by far one of the best professors that I had in my undergraduate career if not the very best. His knowledge in the subject and personal stories really enhanced the overall feel of the class. He is a fairly new professor (compared to others that I had at Fresno State) but really knocks out exhilarating lectures. Congratulations, H!
5.0 : There are those classes that you take in college and then there are those classes and profs you remember forever. H is definitely the man on campus! If you get a chance to sign up early for one of his courses do yourself the favor and DO IT! Congratulations, Profs. h!
5.0 : I didn't miss a day of class when H was my Prof. last year and I am soooooooo happy that he is being honored this way! #1 Professor at Fresno State for sure! Congratulations, MR H!
4.5 : One of the best professors I have ever had. Learned a lot and he really knows how to teach. Passionate teacher who brings humor into the class. Best part the first day of class I am pretty sure he was playing Lady Gaga on the sound system in the classroom.  I never missed a class. Glad it wasn't just me who realized he's good. Great job profe!
5.0 : H is awesome! Favorite teacher by far on campus. Just be prepared when you present and make sure you have backups for powerpoints! Very funny man, yet serious with his work.
5.0 : CONGRATS H! Took this instructional course with one of the best professors in the country in Professor Jonathan Hernandez! Humorous, engaging, charismatic, no doubt has his own style of teaching and really teaches you how to get into a "career instead of a job" out of college. Wrote a stellar letter of rec and is well known everywhere. The best!
5.0 : CONGRATS TO PROFESSOR JONATHAN HERNANDEZ ON THIS HUGE ACCOMPLISHMENT. HE IS DEFINITELY THE HARDEST WORKING PROFESSOR THAT I HAVE EVER COME ACROSS THAT TRULY CARES ABOUT HIS STUDENTS. WE DID A LOT OF WRITING IN THIS CLASS BUT HIS FEEDBACK WAS WELL WORTH IT TO MAKE ME BECOME BETTER. STILL TALK ABOUT HIS CLASS TO THIS DAY WITH MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY
5.0 : I am taking Hernandez for public speaking this semester and I gotta agree that he is the best on campus! He was just ranked #5 in the United States and I can see y. Clear syllabus, helps u out after/before class, he comes to class everyday with a positive attitude and he really wants u to succeed. I've told all my friends to take the fam Mr. h!
5.0 : Easily the most inspirational professor and best professor at the university! H really does all that he can to help you succeed. His is a 10+ when it comes to clarity and helpfulness. I love the music he plays and the introduction that gets us going before class starts! You really feel like a family meeting so many people in the class. A must take!
5.0 : Currently taking H's class, and it is awesome! Not difficult at all. Relax, and be your self on the speeches. H makes it a comfortable environment which means it is easier for you to stand in front and speak in front of your "fam" as he calls it. He's a really cool and funny professor. Time goes by fast, and lets you out early most of the days.
5.0 : You have seriously got to sign up for at least one class (if you can get in) with Professor Hernandez. I learned more in this class than I did in an entire semester with other teachers supposedly mentoring me on "how to teach in front of a class." H really helps you step by step on how to become a better educator and I absolutely LOVE HIM!
5.0 : H is the most inspirational professor  that I have ever met in my life and he really deserves all the recognition that he is getting (and then some)! Thank you for everything that you do H! The way you treat your students (or family) is truly out of this world and genuinely appreciated by all! Congratulations to one of the nation's best!
1.0 : H is a great person. But this professor does not teach. Class time is usually spent talking to people in your group or presenting presentations. When it comes to lectures, he will spend the whole time on one to three slides only. Get prepared to teach yourself everything for exams.
5.0 : Of course you spend a lot of time doing group presentations this is a GROUP COMMUNICATIONS CLASS lol! Hernandez has been my favorite here at FSU and I am really happy for him and all the success he has accomplished. What is cool is that he is from the central valley so he knows exactly how to connect to most of us in the classroom. Must take!
5.0 : Mr. H has clear expectations and gives solid feedback in group presentations. I recommend to speak w him before or after class.  In 15 minutes he provided me with more advice and useful knowledge than I have had from other professors all semester. He cares, he is respected all over campus and I ended up in a great group for this class! Take H!
5.0 : No question H is the best. I've been telling people all along how inspirational he is, the way he goes above and beyond to help us inside and outside of the classroom and the knowledge he has in communications and networking. I'm honestly surprised he hasn't been recognized sooner. Keep doing you, H! You make learning "SEXY!"
5.0 : NOT THE EASIEST CLASS FOR ME TO TK BECAUSE YOU HAVE TO GET UP IN FRONT OF STRANGERS BUT H DOES A GREAT JOB TREATING US LIKE FAMILY. I HAVE MET SO MANY PEOPLE IN CLASS THAT ARE SO COOL AND DOWN TO EARTH THAT IT HAS REALLY ELININATED A LOT OF MY SPEAKING ANXIETY. HE TREATS US WITH MORE RESPECT THAN ANY OTHER PROF I HAVE THIS SEMESTER. GREAT CLASS!
5.0 : The hardest working professor on campus! H doesn't sugar coat anything and I love that about him. He explained assignments clearly and provided a warm environment in class. If you're a student, get to know him because he really knows his stuff and can help you network within the community. Plus, he's super funny and cute:-) Love Hernandez!
5.0 : Class was always a good time with H. Definitely worthy of the recognition and success he has had on so many students. Clear with instructions, funny, AND able to connect with his students extremely well. He definitely motivated me to continue my path in teaching and I hope that one day I can motivate students just like him.
4.5 : Chill, straight forward, and doesn't tolerate anyone being late/ absent. 7 speeches, 5 "QE's" (one page responses), 3 tests, and maybe some extra credit. Do expect to talk in this class, it is a communication class. Would take another one of his classes. Study guide is provided prior to tests and it's useful! Need book to help study for tests.
4.5 : H is awesome! Makes you have a smile on your face. Good easy class. Even if you are not a good speaker he makes it easy and will make way will feel comfortable. Good class I recommend it.
4.0 : I've never laughed so much than in this class! He seriously is such a good teacher and really helps you find your voice. He is really a good teacher because he makes the effort to get to know each and every one of his students. We have tests additional to the group project and they were fine, just make sure you study the sg. Will miss you H!
5.0 : H is the man! He is the number 1 professor ranked at fresno state and 5th overall in the nation! He has 5 group presentations and 3 tests super easy. Beware though of the group presentations because you do not get to choose them and you could wind up with one person in group that is a total headache. If that is the case H will help you out.
5.0 : he is simply the best
3.0 : I liked this class and him. It's not hard at all and fun to attend most times.
5.0 : This was the only class that I really looked forward to waking up in the morning for. Professor Hernandez makes an 8 am class not only tolerable but he really does do his best to have the class organized and connect with each of us. You will get the chance to meet alot of people in class which is good if you are shy like me. Gotta take him!
5.0 : #BESTPROFEVER I have a new favorite prof. and his name is Jonathan Hernandez!!!!! I am getting closer to graduation and as a liberal studies major I can wholeheartedly say that Mr. H has a heart of gold and pushes all of his students to do better. He leads by example and I really value the advice he provides. He doesn't just teach, he inspires.
5.0 : by far the coolest professor you will ever take! I looved going to class, its been about a year since he's been my teacher but he definitely left a long lasting effect on my life. He encourages you be yourself, brings out the best in you and helps you realize that your dreams can become a reality! The entire class becomes your family . WONDERFUL!!
5.0 : MY GROUP WAS FRUSTRATING TO WORK WITH AT TIMES BUT H DOES OFFER EXTRA CREDIT SO TAKE ADVANTAGE IF U CAN. WE HAD FIVE GROUP PROJECTS THIS SEMESTER AND ALL OF THE INSTRUCTIONS WERE PRETTY CLEAR AND EASY TO FOLLOW THRU WITH. IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ALWAYS ASK MR. H QUESTIONS HE IS THERE TO HELP. I'M DEFINITELY GOING TO TAKE H FOR ANOTHER COMM CLASS!
5.0 : I am an international business student who has taken communications classes before but this was my first time taking group. Professor Hernandez designs this class in a well organized manner. It was hard to work with people at times (it is a group class) but I really like the challenge as I know it will help me in my career. GREAT PROFESSORCLASS!
5.0 : I am so glad that I took this class last semester because a couple of my friends are taking this course with another professor and they are struggling. Hernandez made class fun and really enhanced my overall confidence in front of a classroom. He also goes out of his way to answer any questions you may have. Review the study guides!
4.5 : You're stuck in the same group the whole semester, which was annoying because if someone didn't make their time requirement while presenting everyone was docked points. About 6 presentations including outlines, videos, &amp; essays. Two exams, but you MUST study on your own he does a poor job of actually teaching the subject and material. Easy though.
5.0 : By far the coolest professor I've got so far. The only hard part about this class is just the presentations. Easy class to pass.
5.0 : Most humble professor you'll ever meet while in college. He understands students (like no other teacher I've had) and is always there to help. He gives students his cell # to contact anytime before 10pm any day of week. He is what all professors should be. Tests are easy. Presentations  a lot of research and group work so take charge and get an A.
5.0 : I enjoyed coming to this class all semester and met a ton of cool people. Professor Hernandez is so down to earth and is always there to help you with any questions you may have. We had a ton of group projects this semester but what else would you expect since it is a group class after all. H has been my favorite by far!
5.0 : LOVED H! His lectures were interesting all the time. Class was always chill but he was a little tough when grading. My group never got a 100% on presentation. He gives a study guide and everything on it is on the test. He sometimes is tricky with a few questions. He's the most understanding professor I've met so far. You won't regret taking him!
4.0 : H is a great teacher and an amazing person. I could of done better in his class but I missed one of the speeches. He is about his word which can be a good thing and sometimes a bad thing. He we will expect a lot from your effort in his class. Textbook is only used for the tests and I still passed all my test with A's without it.
5.0 : H is the man! Great personality and extremely helpful with everyone in the class. Looking forward to more classes like this at Fresno State! Show up to class and follow instructions.
5.0 : I would take another class with Hernandez for sure. He does teach a couple of upper division communication classes and I really enjoyed 114 with him. I'm not sure if I am going to major in liberal studies or communication but either way it was a pleasure taking this course. You will need the textbook for study guides, etc. Lectures are a lot of fun
5.0 : just wanted to give a so and wish H a Happy NYE! Thank you for being an awesome professor and I will for sure recommend you to everyone that I know. Very helpful and funny. Make sure to follow the instructions and do not wait until the last minute to finish all assignments. My favorite class at Fresno State!
5.0 : She's the best! She is easy and has a great sense of humor. If you have perfect attendance and an A, then you dont have to take the final. The speeches are super fun and interesting to listen too. Attending class is mandatory if you want an A. I would highly recommend her. So far, shes my favorite professor and I would retake this class if I could.
3.0 : She was good but I felt uncomfortable because I couldn't relate. Everytime I said something she looked at me like I was weird, yet she by her own admission was quirky. Lol fun class though.
5.0 : I took this class last year and it's one of those foundation classes that you have to take, but it's filled with information that APPLIES to your life. No matter where you go, or what you do, you have to communicate to others! Enjoyable class, just go to class everyday, turn in reflection papers, do speeches!
5.0 : She was really easy, picks the groups for you. Two group presentations (Prob/Solution) Tests are easy if you take the notes she goes over. Very quirky, she made class fun
4.5 : Easy A just do your speeches!
5.0 : She really helps her students feel comfortable with public speaking. I was very nervous taking this class but I am so glad I took it with her! assignments are as expected for a speech class, she recognizes hard work and even knows all of her students by name. An amazing professor!
2.0 : Easy A for this class if you do the work and don't mind doing speeches. That being said, this is the worst instructor that I have ever had. She is not fair and uniform when it comes to grading the speeches. Although I received an A for the class, I still would not recommend this instructor. Pick anyone else.
5.0 : I learned a lot and enjoyed the class very much. She's a very nice teacher. I highly recommend this class.
5.0 : Absolutely loved her class! She will make you laugh and really think about public speaking in a whole new way. She is a wonderful professor, if you must take public speaking and feel a little nervous about it I highly recommend taking her class!
1.5 : Considers herself dynamic and energetic. She comes across as friendly and approachable but was quite the opposite. She made me feel uncomfortable because I was older and not from "the right side of town". I got an A but that's only because I did things how I knew she'd want them done. That's expected from all professors though.
4.0 : Great professor! do your work and you will pass shes very easy and she is young so she really understands her student amazing person herself Glad i took it with her
2.5 : She was an okay teacher, I don't feel like she was serious to help improve anyone who needed help. It was all based on how well you work with your group &amp; the presentation. You work too hard in this class. I put all my effort and still manage to get a B in this class. It was a disappointment.
5.0 : I LOVED THIS CLASS and that's mostly because of Prof. Mimura! Her lectures are hilarious and she is so interesting to listen to! I never dreaded going to her class! She made me a better public speaker and made me actually enjoy speaking in front of others! If you get perfect attendance and an A in the class you don't have to take the final!
5.0 : Mrs. Mimura was one of the most helpful teachers i have met. I didn't really care for the group i was in but upon talking to her about it she really helped me communicate better with them! She was awesome!!!
4.5 : She is very fun and talkative.
5.0 : She is very fun, talkative, and very cool. Her course is easy to pass.
5.0 : I loooved professor Mimura! i took her for Comm 1. She's very understanding of her students and is super DEDICATED to helping you succeed! She's just amazing and the class is very clear. She genuinley cares for her students so if you have the chance to take her, Please do so!:)
5.0 : I taken her at Fresno City College and she is amazing.
5.0 : Glad I had her course, super easy, 3 speeches, 3 tests. She gives study-guides which are basically the test. Super nice too, she understands when you're nervous and is just overall great, i'd take her class again anytime. highly recommend her!
5.0 : There are not enough wonderful words to describe Stacie Mimura. I enjoyed every single class session with her. Her class was more like a treat than a requirement. I looked forward to listening to her lectures. She is funny and makes every class session worth showing up to. If I ever need to take public speaking, she'd be the instructor I'd take.
4.5 : Very easy online class. Two papers, a quiz and a test for each chapter. All done at home at your own computer. The two paper are a little dry and hard to write but the test and quizzes are easy if you know how to use your resources.  You do not need the book, I never even purchased mine and still got an A in the class.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at Fresno State. He is very sincere and knowledgeable about his field and extremely personable. He truly cares about his students and tries to relate to them. His Geog 4 class was very simple: show up, do reading, do 4 short papers, take the quizes and tests. Always goes over the study guide before the tests. Take him!
5.0 : Extremely understanding. Although the class is a drag, he is such an awesome professor. You can tell he really loves whether
5.0 : He relates well to students. Very personable easy going guy. I would take another class he teaches in a heartbeat.
2.5 : Boyd is a kind man, but the IN class course is awful. He's all over the place, spending half the class explaining what the weather is for the next day, then try to cram 70 slides in half an hour. I am a strait A student and had a hard time getting an A. He doesn't understand how others do not get this stuff. He grades his papers SO HARD.
3.5 : 2 papers. 500 and 1500 words. 4 Exams with each having to deal with 3 or 4 chapters. Along with that there is also online quizzes which there are about 5 i think. 3 Homework assignments. Toughest things are probably the long essay and some of the exams. Homework is ez because of his vids. If you read then class is easy. There are study guides also.
4.5 : Amazing professor, He is passionate about the subject and makes the class interesting; Don't waste your money on the book everything is online and in his power points;He is very nice and understanding, always willing to meet in person and answer any questions;Offers extra credit
4.5 : Made me like geography. Well organized lecture  powerpoints and videos on youtube. Few problem sets and quizzes that help you prepare for midterms. Extra credit was a bit too much, must type a 2 page essay about the options given. Very nice and helpful of any questions arise. Would highly recommend him.
5.0 : At first I thought I was going to fail this class. The first test I did not do to good, but got As on the rest of them. Test comes from Study guide. Homework problems are a bit difficult so go to his office hours and he'll help give you the right answers. Super sweet guy, lectures are a drag. Offers easy extra credit. 2 essays but easy topics!
4.0 : I took this as an online class. I'm not even gonna lie I kind of did not keep up with the work or even use the book at all. Just before the tests are due I would go through this lecture notes, and fill out the study guide. Easy class. He is also very accessible outside of class as well. Get help on the homework, and do the extra credit!
5.0 : Professor Boyd was a great professor.  He is clear on what he expects in the class and he is easy to understand.  I would recommend taking him because he gives 3 exams and 1 final and 5 quizzes.  The quizzes are memorizing the countries throughout the world.  1 project with 4 short 2 page papers.  Interesting and fairly easy class.
4.0 : Professor Boyd is passionate about what he does. His lectures are informative but he gives so much information its hard to keep up. Luckily he gives out study guides and offers extra credit assignments. If you study and write the papers and show up to class you will do well and learn a lot about weather and geography. He's a great professor.
4.0 : Sean is an awesome professor. He makes learning fun and he is really passionate about what he teaches.  Coursework is pretty easy but his online quizzes are a little difficult.  Great general ed class and I learned a lot.
5.0 : Prof Boyd is a very nice guy. I've never seen or had any other prof who was so committed to student success. He would bend over backwards to help students. If you're a student who will at least put forth the effort but maybe still has difficulties, go see him during office hours. He will help. I wish every teacher was like him.
4.0 : Pretty easy class with not much work. Turn in assignments once a month, as well as a quiz and exam after every section. Two writing assignments (one small, one big). He makes the class very easy to understand and is well-organized.
5.0 : One of those classes you will actually enjoy coming to. Lectures are very interesting and informative, really nice guy. Very well structured class and grades are always updated. Some in class exams, a few quizzes online, and a 2000 word paper, and a smalller paper. Overall, really enjoyed his style and learned a lot about Geo.
5.0 : Overall, he is passionate about his field of study and takes the time to explain things.
4.5 : Very outstanding instructor. He's so helpful! He offers 50 points extra credit and exams are literally right from the study guide. I don't know why people will not take him, he's the best instructor ever at Fresno State.
4.0 : 5 exams &amp; quizzes, 2 writing assignments, and 3 Problem Set worksheets. All the work is fairly spaced out, 2 weeks to do everything. He gives PPTs to study, but no Study Guides. Gives a calendar when everything is due. Class was fine.
5.0 : Awesome Professor. His class is easy and if you do have difficulty he will go that extra mile to help you. Responds fairly quickly to emails and gives extra credit at the end of the semester. Probably the best professor I've had.
5.0 : Easy online class. Would take again.
5.0 : Easy class and a great professor. Test are literally right off the study guide with online quizzes and extra credit which will lift your grade a letter.
2.0 : I thought that this professor was very unprofessional in his teaching style. He makes comments that lower himself to the level of the students. He makes comments that denigrate certain political figures and religion. I would not recommend this teacher to anyone.
5.0 : This guy was awesome. He really loves the subject, and it shows. He makes the class time fly, with hardly any work. Theres one huge presentation at the end, its worth a ton of points, but its totally doable. Not gonna be a good class for you if you dont like group work. He's always willing to help you, even gives you his cell if you need it.
3.5 : First of all, DONT BUY THE TEXTBOOK!! He has all the outlines of the book on blackboard. Easy, chill class except on speech days you must prepare and REHEARSE! One test, online super easy. You must do well on speeches, stay on topic do what he asks and know you APA.
5.0 : Very good! Helped me with tasks outside of class, application in real life. He wants you to pass, but also to take away something to better your life and those around you too. He does so much for his students and asks for practically nothing back, other than be in class and pay attention. Participate and learn, and it is an awesome class!
1.5 : Absolutely HORRIBLE!!! Would strongly advise NOT to take this class, unless you want to get stuck with a huge HISTORY group project at the end.  Does not give you 4 speeches, nor were they about persuasion. You have 1 speech and thats your grade.
5.0 : Truly one of the best professor's I have ever had! His lectures were amazing and quite interesting! His tests are fairly easy. However, the real work lies in your speech assignments. He wants his students to pass, and gives you honest feedback on how you can improve. I would recommend his class to anyone!!!
5.0 : Loved this class! Really great professor! Made the class time fly by!
4.5 : This class was more difficult than I had imagined, but Woody is there to help you. You get assigned a debate partner for the semester and there is no switching. He is a hard grader on the speeches, but he tells you exactly what he is looking for. You will pass his class if he sees that you are trying to get better. I was 1 out of 4 to get an A.
5.0 : A straight forward guy, will always keep your attention in class and will teach you many new things. The guy is really a genius but with that he is a hard grader of APA outlines. He'll teach you how to do APA however if you have not done it before it is very difficult. Usually get out early and will cancel class sometimes.
4.0 : He keeps your attention really well. Great person to talk to and actually knows his stuff. Everyday is an adventure. Make sure to come to class if you don't read but he also puts the outlines on blackboard.
1.0 : this teacher is such a joke. If he even shows up to class half the semester, he lets you out early every class also. I'm paying out of pocket for my classes and i feel as though he hasn't taught anything. He may seem cool but the guy is a solid jerk. do not take this class if you actually want an education in comm.
5.0 : AMAZING! 3 debates, 3 outlines. A small handful of quizzes. Of which I believe top 7 get picked. And 4-5 in class packets that are literally done IN a class. AWESOME
3.0 : Wood kept lectures interesting and fun except class was cancelled about 50% of the semester. He is a harsh grader on outlines, so know your APA format! He is there to help, you just have to ask. We ended up presenting two speeches, turning in one outline, and recording our last speech.
4.0 : This Professor was awesome!... Yes, he does have a long group project that takes the whole semester, but it is a cool class. He is a tough grader, but there are only two papers so do your best on them. Make sure to get good reviews from group members on final project.. really helps your grade! I would take him again.
5.0 : Wood is the best and fun to listen to. You'll enjoy his lectures and he is not afraid to share his opinion on any topic. 4 speeches,1 speech is a given A+, 1 midterm that is open book and is given the first day for you to work on till the due date in the middle of the semester. Tough grader on APA, he'll help you though. Be confident and REHEARSE.
4.0 : Dr. Huerta is amazing. I learned so much from her class that is super relevant to my teaching career and general life.
5.0 : BEST Eng. 10 instructor at Fresno State. She's a great character, very helpful, and wants her students to succeed. Assignments are reasonable and some of the readings are really interesting. There are a few essays that are not very stressful; she's a huge help and again, wants her students to succeed! No quizzes or exams. Overall, amazing course!
5.0 : I had Jennifer Lewis one semester ago and I miss it. She was an interesting character for sure. She likes to play music while we worked in class. The work was very stressful for me at times. However, she made me a stronger writer and I miss feeling the accomplishment from finishing her harder assignments. I actually miss her class.
2.0 : She's very disorganized and is very serious. Makes students do a lot of busy work in class that I didn't find beneficial. Would not recommend this be the English teacher you take in your FIRST year of college.
4.5 : Jennifer Lewis is honestly one of the best teachers that I ever had! I recommend her class!
5.0 : Profe Cavale is pretty chill, and it makes it an easy A. Just talk to him and pay attention when he talks, and everything on the tests are gone over in class. If you have prior knowledge on Spanish you don't even have to come to class. Easy class, cool guy, and a fun interactive class. #EDHS #ElDomination #Mar
5.0 : Professor Morel is GREAT!! He is inspiring and helpful.  However, this class is very challenging.  Warning: If you take this class you will definitely take it again.  He has pushed me to surpass my limits, and inspired me in countless ways.  Im going to try to take it again while attending the masters program.
5.0 : Joe is such an amazing instructor. He loves what he does and he always has a great time doing his demonstrations and helping everyone. Practices makes perfect, so make sure you participate as much as you can!
5.0 : This class was so much fun and the professor is great! 10 out of 10 would recommend.
5.0 : This glass has been one of the most enjoyable experiences while at Fresno State. The professor is incredible and has so much wisdom to share, not only about glass but about life.  Listen and learn! You will enjoy this glass and regret not taking it earlier and more than once.
5.0 : This class is all about showing up and doing your best. You are responsible for knowing when your journal is due and that's about it.  The rest is learning how to master the techniques Joe demonstrates that day. This is an amazing class and I am definitely taking it as much as the school will let me.
5.0 : Best art teacher I have ever had. Very encouraging and treats you as an adult and an equal in life. I learned more about myself and my interest in art then ever before.
5.0 : Dr. Froelich is a really chill professor and extremely knowledgeable. I took music theory 4 with him and there are 3 projects and several homework assignments throughout the course. The projects were fairly simple and are given a month in advance to look it over. I enjoyed taking this course with him.
5.0 : Dr. Froelich is one of my favorite instructors on campus. His lectures are enjoyable and interesting (and his jokes are often corny). However, he demands a lot from his students--not in terms of quantity but quality of work. In terms of composition, he encourages his students to explore unfamiliar territory, and his students are better for it.
3.5 : This instructor is very nice and passionate about Social Work.  She's very knowledgeable, but at times her vocabulary is confusing. She's pretty strict on grading papers and exams.  The class was boring, but overall her class was pretty easy if you do the work.  There was also a lot of group projects involved so be ready!
5.0 : B. Foster was a great teacher. She was very easy to follow and she is funny at times. She would be one of those cool grandmas. This is a class where you just show up and do the work. This teacher lays out everything for you to follow and as long as you do that, it is an easy A. I did that and got an easy A.
4.0 : I was nervous about this class, but it pretty easy. She is Not what you expect an English professor to be like, but not in a bad way. I would recommend people to take this class. In the beginning we used the textbook A LOT but not so much later on.
4.5 : She is very kind! She cares and tries very hard to make students pass the class. She has quiz here and there for reading assignments so make sure you read. Quizzes are fairly easy and if most students don't get right answers then, it results in more quizzes. As long as you do the work on time, you'll pass the class.
4.5 : You must show up. Ask questions if you have any. Do all the assignments. It was a matter of not procrastinating. Good professor though.  She will help you with your weaknesses.
5.0 : simply awesome :)
3.5 : Ah! you need to read for her tests! Her tests are hard!! I like her teaching style and fun environment but I hate group projects. I like my group but I hate that we have no real time to get two presentation done because we are all working poor college students and finding time is not so easy. Just read and study her slides. :)
5.0 : The best teacher I have ever had in my entire college life!!!...just AWESOME!!!
5.0 : A...W...E...S...O...M...E!!!
5.0 : Taylor Harris is, by far, the best instructor Fresno State has to offer.  Not only will you learn so much about the current field of Developmental Psychology, you'll feel accomplished in the work you do outside of the classroom with your project.  Don't expect to breeze by; read the book, collaborate with your group and you will get an A.
5.0 : Professor Harris is a very caring person who takes time to explain and is very funny!!! Dressed like a pirate the first night of class!!
5.0 : She breaks down the info and writes it out on the board, most professors talk super fast and dont care what u actually understand. But, she really care's! 3 x5 card on tests,  extra credit quizzes, and participation extra credit, do the fun journals it's easy points, study lecture notes Go To Class, she's prepares you well for the exams!  Luv her!!
4.0 : No one is a better choice for Hist and Systems. 182 is hard she is the BEST, its a lot of material to cover. But, she has an interactive teaching style that is unique and this helps to absorb the info. She's  funny, No papers, journal entries, extra credit quizzes, extra credit participation points and other extra credit too, great professor!!
5.0 : First things first, her power point skills are amazing.  Shes very funny, very smart, and very passionate about teaching.  Pay attention when she talks about grading, it's different then other classes but is fair.  Her dog's are cute and picks amazing guest speakers.  She really cares about the students!
3.0 : She's a cool professor and hilarious, however, if you're not into group work do not take this class you will be in groups and with the same group throughout the whole semester!
5.0 : One of the best CDDS teachers. Very smart. awesome teacher.
4.0 : Taylor Harris really cares about her students and tries to incorporate stories and concepts to help you remember the theories of the textbook. The class consists of a lot of course material so if you don't like reading textbooks this will not be a good class for you.
5.0 : She is amazing! She is definitely okay with explaining things again, the class itself is long but she makes it go by fast. Go to every class, pay attention to grading and do the extra credit. Easy A if you're willing to try for it!
1.0 : WORST TEACHER EVER IN THE CDDS DEPARTMENT! She made us buy an expensive book and NEVER used it even though she forced us to buy it. Took role everyday. WAS SO INCONSISTENT WITH GRADING! She talked about her personal life WAY to much. She was so unorganized and unclear about assignments and tests. I don't know any student in the class that liked her
1.0 : This class was horrible and so unorganized. She gave out assignments &amp; took forever to grade. We bought a textbook that was NEVER used. Everyone would send her emails and she wouldn't respond but would throw a fit in class about the rude emails she was receiving. I don't know anyone that liked this class
3.0 : Points are very limited in this class. 80-90% comes from the tests, there is a final exam but it isn't cumulative. She offers lots of extra credit assignments! She also had a mandatory shadowing program that must be done (easy), and basically requires a perfect attendance (its once a week). You get 2-3 absences, but you lose bonus points.
4.5 : What I learned from Taylor was much more than just material for passing the class, I learned what it was to be a good person. She cares so much for all of her students and it really is nice to feel like you matter. Don't leave Fresno state without taking a class from her. She is very helpful,  wants you to understand the material, and is hilarious.
3.5 : Never miss class. Be a strong writer. Dedicte alot of time to study guide.
4.0 : Taylor is an extremely nice person and the probably most genuine college instructor I've ever come across. She is very invested in helping her students do well and will bend over backwards to help you out.  The class is a challenge, you need to be there and work hard (quite a tough grader).  She's a lot of fun, I recommend her 100%.
4.0 : Harris is a respectable professor, she does well in keeping the class engaged but also expects allot from students. If you read the textbook, attend lectures, and study for the exams then you should do fine.
3.5 : I loved her I thought she was a very fun entertaining professor.  Tests are straightforward and she always helps tremendously! She sometimes gives confusing instructions on assignments then changes them over and over. A little bit of a hard grader.  Didn't even need the textbook because her notes and youtube were good enough to study for tests.
2.5 : I did most o the grp project, completed all 16 chapters worth of hw, got Bs on my exams and still only obtained a high C. This class is a lot of Stress. Harris didn't help much. Lectures were boring and she read straight off her PP slides. She goes thru EVERY chapter in the book, tests are Cumulative open note, but questions can be very specific.
4.0 : Great professor! She really wants the best for her students. She's funny and relatable. There's a lot of material to cover, so read the textbook, pay attention in class, and write good notes. 3 mc exams, one group presentation, quizzes that aren't counted toward your grade but for extra credit, and lots of other extra credit opportunities.
3.5 : She can often be scatterbrained and gets off topic a lot but her lectures are helpful and she REALLY cares about you. She's really down to earth and gives you great feedback on your papers that will help make you a better writer. The class can be a lot but she works with the class to ultimately do whats best for the class and it's students.
5.0 : THE best professors I've ever had. He really cares about his students and wants everyone to succeed. I never dreaded going to his class because he made every lecture interesting and fun. Quizzes and exams are not difficult. Highly recommend him!
4.0 : This class was easy, the test are based on your opinion. All fill in but easy. He is very caring and will do anything to help you out! This is also a class you need to put effort into. Overall, I enjoyed it!
3.0 : two major papers, 4 assignments (two page papers), fill in exams, and pop quizzes. Too much work should be at least 5 unit class. Easy to get a hold of and ask questions but assigns a heavy work load.
3.0 : Dr. V is a great professor that is extremely passionate about what he does. The lectures are worth coming to because he adds extra information through the power-points. 3 exams (midterms) 4 assignments, 10 quizzes and 2 field trips. Overall I enjoyed this class and LEARNED A LOT!
3.0 : Fun and super easy class!!
2.0 : Power Point lectures are chaotic to say the least. Test are all essay, so he subjectively grades on whether you share his beliefs (majority of the time). He actually had the audacity to say that slaves worked WITH Thomas Jefferson during a lecture in class.
5.0 : Great professor!!
4.0 : She was really nice. The only part I didn't like was that her test are short answer and fill in test. The class was very interesting. No book require.
2.5 : Took him for 170T. It was an interesting class. I hate his quizzes because they were not up to date or the questions were lame. I think he gets off topic the majority of the time but it's fine. To ask for help, sometimes you have to be patient because he seems to be annoyed. Oh, two class presentations!!! Good luck! he's aight
5.0 : Amazing professor! He is very clear on what he expects and is always willing to help. If you put your part in you will pass with an A. People who complain about the class being "too hard" are the ones who are not keeping up with the material. You have to  put your part in for an education. Absolutely recommend
5.0 : Best professor I've had thus far in the PSYCH dept. And the best looking. Cant complain (:
3.0 : JP is funny so class is great! But, his take home quizzes SUCK!  So, team up &amp; compare answers. Tough tests &amp; no study guides. Take notes like mad during lecture. He's fast. The article review is awful. But, you can ask him questions, he will help. I studied a lot, but only got B's on his tests. Needs to match lecture &amp; tests &amp; update quiz info.
3.0 : Good Professor, speaks well and goes over what you need him to. Will slow down if you need him to. Tests are hard if you don't study appropriately. Also an article review that is needed for the class
3.5 : Weekly quizzes. 1 Article review  1 short presentation at end of semester which is to be worked on entire semester. Two exams. 1 final. He seems to go off task a lot, but his stories always circle around to his point, even if he has to ask, what was i talking about?  His jokes are reinforced by a laughing class, funny helpful guy overall
4.0 : This class can be easy if you apply yourself early on! Do NOT wait until last minute to do the online quizzes, finish them all. you can retake them until the deadline for that certain quiz. Do the article review ahead of time as well. Tests arent too bad. take 172 + 121 with JP same semester,  they  often overlap.
4.0 : Very knowledgable in his area but so monotone it was hard to stay awake in his class. All power points and no class interaction which makes it very cut and dry. But he is nice to look at :)
3.5 : Jp tries his best to spruce up his lengthy and dry lectures and sometimes he succeeds but not really. I think people laugh because he's hot or so he doesn't feel dumb. Jp really knows his stuff but unfortunately he's one of those professors who love love love to hear themselves talk so dont expect to cover the material assigned in a timely manner. Which of course makes time drag on excruciatingly slow. Also, he is a power point junkie who freely distributes guided notes n delivers no originality
4.0 : interesting and fun class. professor is always willing to help students. he also gives guided notes, which can be very helpful if filled out.. aka pay attention in class and follow along! daily quizzes due in class, which really help out grades and are excellent study tools for the tests! highly recommend!
5.0 : Very helpful and he loves the subject, so he knows what he is talking about. It helps that he is also hilarious! He gives guided notes to follow the lectures which help keep you engaged. He is also fast with email replies! Great instructor!!!
3.0 : If you've taken him in Psy 121 or 170T, his tests are recycle. However, there are no open notes so good luck. 1 presentation and 1 paper but not too long. Yes, you would need to read the book to pass the class.
5.0 : Hands down my favorite teacher during my entire time at Fresno State. I took every class he offered and received A's in all of them. JP is RAD!!! :)
3.0 : JP is really funny. But his take home tests, exams and article review suck! He does not give study guides. So, its really hard to know what to focus on. HE WILL NOT GO Over THE ARICLE REVIEW GUIDLINES. Make sure you start early and ask questions about it. Its worth big points and he grades it tough. Overall Lots of points to help overall grade tho.
5.0 : Amazing teacher. By far my favorite at Fresno State.
4.5 : JP makes his lectures engaging and entertaining, with plenty of jokes &amp; relevant stories to keep you interested.  His deep knowledge of the subject allows him to roll with the punches &amp; answer questions that extend beyond what's in the text. Online quizzes can be retaken. The term paper is broken into installments. Exams match the material.
4.0 : Jp is such a great professor. His class is pretty easy too. Made up of 2 exams and one final, one "large" paper which he breaks up into weekly writing assignments, and 13 weekly quizzes. The quizzes are unlimited attempts so its easy to get 10/10 on each one. Definitely recommend him, he makes the material understandable.
4.5 : I took this class by mistake (ugh!) but enjoyed every minute of it! JP's lectures are very interesting, funny, and show he's had a lot of hands-on experience. Weekly chapter quizzes (didn't even use the book), one paper broken up throughout the semester, 4 decent tests. Only class I've actually looked forward to. Good class and fantastic professor.
4.0 : Great class! If you've taken 136 with him it's pretty much the same stuff just a bit more in depth. Easy A if you attend class and take good notes.
5.0 : Easy &amp; Fun Class! Has Great Stories That Relate Perfectly To What You're Learning.
5.0 : JP is a great Professor. Funny, entertaining, and always has some funny life story to share that helps you to relate to material. Attendance is not required, he allows you to use a cheat sheet for all tests (including the final), one article review, and he's full of answers if you're wondering about grad school or job openings. Great class!
3.0 : Don't take this class after a 8:00 am class. I mostly get tired. To make it worse, he goes on and on about stories, which makes me even more sleepy. His powerpoints are pretty long so print them out! The quizzes are easy. There is 1 paper but you work on it throughout the semester. Hhilarious professor at times. Ask for help and he will gladly help
4.0 : Weekly quizzes, 1 semester paper, 3 test non-cumulative (one is the final) , iclicker points, and submitting paper the paper to safe assign is how the class is broken down.  He will help you if you ask him for help.  Power points are sometimes long, so print them out. He does not believe in studyguides. Test are not that hard. Do the work and pass.
5.0 : Great teacher, happy to be there to teach you! Only 3 tests &amp; a few quizzes, &amp; 2 out of class projects &amp; 2 writing assignments, &amp; if you put some effort you will get at least 80% on the assignments, he doesn't want to give anyone a bad grade. Go to class, take notes, study for tests and quizzes and you can easily get an A.
4.0 : This class was fairly easy and Professor Herbert is super nice and approachable. There are 2 out-of-class projects, 4 quizzes, 2 test, and 1 final. If you can take really good notes then you most likely don't need the book. He will give you a heads of up when he is going to quiz/test you so STUDY and you will pass.
3.5 : No hw .. exam based .. awesome professor
5.0 : I loved Professor Herbert! He was such a nice guy and made class really fun. A few writing assignments, out of class projects, and exams but it was worth it! Take Crim 2 with him if you can! He passes a sign in sheet around class so attendance is mandatory.
3.0 : Thought this class would be a little bit more interesting. Very easy go to just space out when he's giving lectures. Didn't really use the book but important to take notes and study them. Advising doing the 8 page paper ahead of time just to save you the slack. But don't think I would take again based on how interesting the class was as a whole
5.0 : Herbert is an outstanding  professor. He was always smiling. Very educated in his area. If you guys are going to take crim 10, take this guy. Easy class. Attendance is mandatory but you won't regret it. You have 2 papers (3pgs) to write, 4 quizzes, 3 tests and 1 final. Super easy if you go to class. Take good notes and study. I would take his class
4.5 : I've had the privilege of having professor Herbert for 2 courses here at state and he is absolutely wonderful. Depending on participation, it can either be really fun or a little boring at times. He teaches in a very easy way to understand. He is very approachable and super nice. Recommend taking him for sure. Only professor to remember my name.
5.0 : Loved loved loved this class. He always had a smile on his face and was always happy. Was very clear, gave examples and very helpful. Tried to make is easy as possible. Didn't read the book, but was very helpful when studying for exams. Just go to class and easy A. Best teacher I've had at Fresno State. 1114
5.0 : He is amazing!  Easy grader. Attendance counts for participation points. funny and hates to give bad grades. His lectures are easy to follow and easy to remember. The readings are based on his lectures, so reading isn't really necessary. Tip; He likes to review and what he reviews before a test is going to be the questions that requires writing.
5.0 : Such a great professor. Only quizzes, 2 easy papers and 2 exams. Just make sure to study for tests since there are only a few assignments. Tests are easy and lecture based so take notes! Book isn't necessary
5.0 : Herbert is the best teacher! He is so nice and understanding, if you need help he will be there. Hes always smiling too, i always look forward to going to his class.
5.0 : So far the best teacher I have had so far! You don't need the book just take really good notes. He makes everything understandable and reviews everything before the test. BEST TEACHER, RECOMMEND IT!!
5.0 : I found this class so boring! However, lectures are straight forward, so don't buy the book, it's a waste of money. He gives quizzes and exams, they're not so bad but sometimes he mixes the words up and they can get confusing. He doesn't take attendance. One short paper, easy. This class just really drags on.
5.0 : Professor Herbert is such a good teacher! His lectures were straight forward and he was overall really approachable and helpful. Total of 3 exams, 2 quizzes, 2 research papers, chapter reading Q/As due twice a semester, and a few written assignments he assigns at random. Participation makes the class more engaging and enjoyable.
2.0 : boring lectures.
5.0 : Great Professor! super nice and loves to help his students succeed in the class. go to class because he does sign in sheets. the quizzes and assignments are very straight forward. the test are easy. if you study you will pass. the questions on test/quizzes are common sense.
5.0 : I Took His Crim 2 Online Class. Easiest Thing Ever. You Have To Be Responsible For Your Assignments. They Are Due Every Sunday At 11:59PM.
4.0 : Kikuchi is an amazing professor, he really is. He makes stats really easy and un-intimidating. I recommend you take CRIM 50 with Kikuchi because he is really great. Only 2 tests (midterm, final), assignments almost every week (but they're pretty easy), and one group project (hardest thing in his class). PLEASE TAKE KIKUCHI!
4.0 : Best Professor. He understands if you have to miss class. Easy A. Homework every week. One midterm and Final.
3.0 : hard grader and rude. hope to never have him again.
5.0 : Crim 177 was a breeze with Professor Kikuchi!. Took his course online and enjoyed it! His feedback is great, 15 discussion boards, 2-3 quizzes, 4 papers no midterm or final. Would definitley recommend and take another class with him again. Book is a must for book review, worth 200 pts. Nothing to be scared very lenient grader
5.0 : Awesome prof. knows his stuff and cares about his students success.
1.0 : His quizzes are kind of messed up due to the fact that instead of measuring your knowledge of the subject, it seems like he is trying to trick you. Most true and false are false. Average class, average instructor. Nice guy.
5.0 : Helpful instructor and easy class. Work is not overwhelming and class lectures are interesting. Instructor is very knowledgable in subject matter and very helpful.
4.0 : You will have weekly homework assignments where you will read the chapter and answer a set of questions. You have to read to understand the questions. Weekly quizzes are exactly like the homework. The midterms are based on the questions and half of the test is open book. She is a really nice lady, if you show her respect she will respect you.
4.0 : I passed this class with an A. She offers extra credit assignments. I actually learned something from her class, and enjoyed doing so. The homework's took me around 2-2.5 hours each week. If you do the homework questions, you can use your notes for the quizzes. You grade quizzes immediately after and go over homework questions. Definitely recommend
5.0 : Really good online class. You can skim through the readings and still pass with a good grade. All the modules are crystal clear and is always clear on what she wants. Take it online if you can!
5.0 : You'll gain a lot of knowledge from Professor Jessie's lectures. She does make sure you're being attentive and wants you to pass. She is very helpful, and an "expert" of knowing things. There are study guides and quizzes due every Tuesdays and Thursdays, and some papers that aren't too difficult. Overall, great class and teacher.
5.0 : Super easy class. Read the chapters on the online textbook, do modules and the assessments that have a paper and exam with 50 questions on it. Take the midterms and final as much as you want! Very kind teacher who gives feedback on everything.
4.5 : Her class is easy to pass if you do the work!! you will learn in her class and use the textbook. she has homework questions every week with a 5 point quiz. 3 papers 1 is xtra credit. Study the vocab, do the questions and YOU WILL PASS. don't skip a chapter or vocab cause it will hurt you.it should take no longer than 2 hours to complete!
5.0 : At first she seemed intimidating but in all honesty, she is very approachable. If you have any questions or concerns, don't be afraid to approach her because she is a very caring person. Her teaching is great and the amount of knowledge she has is mind blowing. If you do the work and attend class as you should, you are likely to get an A.
4.5 : Easy class, as long as you keep up with the work. There's an online quiz and study guide each week. Class is mandatory if you want answers to study guide. Only two exams. Easy class.
4.0 : She's a nice teacher. 2 big tests, and then the final. Gradings fair. Make sure to come to class lectures, there are notes you don't want to miss. Homework questions at the end of each chapter, but answers are pretty easy to find in the book. Easy class. Just do the work.
4.0 : Very simple online class, just do all the work and you'll get an A in the class.
4.0 : In this class we had to do turn in questions every Friday and after we had to complete a short test. There was like 2-3 papers due throughout the semester, they were only like 1-2 pages long. You basically have the weekend free in her class all the time.
5.0 : Super easy class. Just do all the assignments and you will for sure get an A in the class.
5.0 : This teacher expects college-level work, as this is a college class. She gives great tips at writing good papers &amp; gives good study guides before in-class tests. Book is online which makes it easy to navigate. Online tests are unlimited attempts allowed. You will know the subject by the end of the semester. I got an "A" &amp;would consider myself avg
5.0 : Took this class online. Everything was super easy and questions on tests and homework were in the book. As long as you read, you will ace this class!
5.0 : She is an amazing instructor and makes it clear what you need to do in order to pass. She is very organized and encourages you to turn in  your assignments in early. Two things you must do in order to pass is attend class and expect to read the text book from cover to cover.
4.0 : Reading the book is essential to passing. All quizzes, tests, and assignments are online and open book. Lowest test grade gets dropped. Few extra credit opportunities. Take notes; most powerpoint slides will show up on tests. She is very organized and clear in her grading criteria. Work hard in the class and you'll do fine.
5.0 : Easiest history class that I have ever taken. There are 4 exams, 8 writing assignments, 8 discussion boards and she drops the lowest score on each. The reading is worth 25% of your grade. Assignments are due about each week and sometimes she does cancel assignments. It's impossible to fail this class. Very nice professor. I took this course online.
4.0 : great professor. I hate history but this class made me like it. she gives you a lot of chances to get extra points. homework every week, not mandatory but if you do it you are guaranteed to pass the tests. 3 tests but only counts 2. offers extra credit. overall good professor i recommend taking her
5.0 : Such an easy online class!! Discussion boards due each week, along with modules from an online textbook that you have to complete by the end of the semester in order to pass. As long as you're good with keeping up with due dates and turning things in then you will get an A for sure.
5.0 : Really easy class if you are good with managing time! Every week there is chapter questions, quiz, and sometimes discussion questions. After each module, there is a test. Periodically there will be a little 1-2 page writing assignment; no big deal. She is very helpful and very knowledgeable about history. I recommend her.
4.0 : so sweet. her class was great because you did one thing a week and she barely lectured because we did in class work to learn the material. She's like a sweet woman you want to bake cookies with.
3.0 : History. It is suppose to be easy, but with this professor it wasn't. Since this class was a tablet one, we are suppose to learn on our own. It didn't help me at all. The tests are based on the questions after the readings so make sure you study those. In class al she does is make us do group presentations, easy points but I would of like to learn.
4.0 : Easy to pass but hard to get an A in this class. I skip class every Tuesday and goes on Thursday although class is MANDATORY (Note: 5 point off for more then 6 day of miss class). 2 Test and Final. 2 Writing assignment and 1 extra credit.  HW will take at least 2 hour each without Google. GOOGLE WILL ANSWER ALL QUESTION IN BB and HW Question.
3.0 : This was an ok class, theres a lot of readings and the tests are heavily based on these readings. So as long as you read thoroughly youll be fine. You do 3 group projects but fairly easy and she drops our lowest test score and 4 lowest assignments. Shes very nice and when she lectures, she goes further in depth about the readings
4.5 : I loved her. She is the most kind hearted professor i ever worked with. Very open minded. To me she was more a like a friend to her students than a professor. She really open me up to express my feelings.  She is the best ever end of story.
5.0 : She is absolutely the best teacher I have ever had. She is super helpful, understanding, and encouraging. I definitely recommend her. She's great!
5.0 : Nayantara genuinely cares about her students &amp; profession.  Class requirements include Fish Bowl &amp; 1 on 1 peer counseling with Instructor, T.A. and peer feedback.  Weekly readings are imperative to class discussions &amp; attendance is a necessity. The focus is on learning, not the right answer.  I would take this class from her again to learn more.
4.0 : FISHBOWL! Other than that one mid-term examreview, labsone-on-one peer counseling, and journalreflection writing. Feedback from professor could have been better though class had TAs to help with that.
4.0 : This instructor is very nice and gives great feedback that will help you become a better counselor. I learned a lot from Nayantara and she is a very caring instructor. Make sure you read, participate, don't miss class and most importantly do not be afraid to show your feelings!
4.0 : Cool guy. Chill, easy class. He likes engaging in class conversations but my class was real quiet so it was kind of awkward.
3.0 : One of the hardest classes I've ever taken. Show up to class to take the pop quizzes. Do all the homework. Strongly recommend getting Chegg to help you with the homework. Never opened either of the text books. Homework is online. If you get all the points outside of the tests you should pass!
4.0 : This is a very challenging class that requires lots of time outside of class to study the material. Don't slack off, go to class, get your iclicker points and most importantly: do your homework! It's 25% of your grade. Really helpful during office hours. Overall really nice guy.
4.0 : Dr. Munoz is a great professor. He made Physics 4B manageable. He's not the professor that throws material over your head that you don't understand. He takes his time and won't move on until you understand the material. Weekly online HW(not hard) and Lecture-based Exams with a review session before the exam. You won't regret taking this professor.
5.0 : Munoz was one of the best teachers I have ever had. His enthusiasm made me enjoy learning from him and he was very caring towards all of his students. He wanted the students to do well and he went so far as to schedule review sessions on Sundays before exams. I wish he taught every class I need to take. I love him.
4.0 : Dr. Munoz is a great teacher and lecture he makes things very clear. HOWEVER, his tests are so much harder than any of the homework or practice problems he gives out. Class averages on tests tend to be around 50-60%. Luckily, lots of points come from HW, quizzes, and attendance, and the class is usually curved. Class is made hard for no reason.
5.0 : Munoz is an amazing professor. I asked him pretty often for help on the material and he always made an effort to clarify concepts regardless of how silly my questions seemed. The material is pretty tough but if you make an effort to study the material well then it's totally possible to get an A. His exams are fair and he doesn't play any tricks.
3.5 : One of the hardest physics class for me ever. Material was difficult no doubt but the instruction was very bland and didn't prepare you. Definite need to study tests are super hard and very different don't expect to breeze through this class. Go to class for and make sure you solid on the subject or else the tests will ruin you. Also do the HW!
5.0 : Best motivator, Ofelia is really helpful and she is the best person to go talk to because she gives the best advice.
4.0 : This class is strongly based on group work- which I hate. Elizabeth is really funny and made the group work less stressful. Elizabeth is very sarcastic so if you do not like that- beware. Her lectures in the beginning of the class aren't very interesting but are necessary for the group work.
3.0 : Elizabeth is a very tough teacher. She expects a lot from you because she wants to push you to work your hardest. Give her more than she asks for. If she asks for 3 images, give 5. Really go above and beyond because that is what she looks for and notices. She will not baby you. She works you to better you. Great teacher. Be ready to print... $$$$$$
5.0 : Dr. Fenton is an great teacher.  Two exams and two essays, he gives you some of the possible exam questions ahead of time. First essay 500 words, second 1000 words. If this your first time taking a philosophyit make seem confusing at first so   make sure to attend in the beginning.
3.0 : 1 midterm (essays), 1 non-comprehensive final (essays), unscheduled in class assignments, 1 presentation, 500 and 1500 word paper.  He is easy to approach if you have Qs. There is a lot of reading but is expected from a phil class. I would suggest having him look at your essays before turning them in to make sure you're on the right track.
5.0 : Andrew was an awesome instructor. Very helpful and graded fairly. Would recommend.
3.5 : Professor Tehrani seems to only teach the hard design classes so part of the reason why the class is hard is simply because of the subject matter. He is very helpful if you need clarification on something he is definitely willing to stop and help. The only thing is that his tests are really difficult and he doesn't give you enough time to finish.
5.0 : He is professional, never late for his classes. CE 133 is a tough course and he makes damn sure you learn. One negative thing was that he doesn't teach like other instructors, he expects you to study on your own. Helpful when it comes to answering questions. Tough exams, no one usually Aces his tests so he curves the hell out of them.
3.5 : His class is really hard but you will learn a lot
3.5 : Very smart man and very helpful. He is a role model and very great man. His course is very hard though.
4.5 : Took this lab during the summer intersession. it was challenging because lab write ups are due the day following the experiment. If you can't commit to at least 4 hours/day outside of lab , take it in the fall. Jared is a great guy, final and practical are easy if you put in the effort. I highly recommend this teacher, you will learn!
2.0 : She would be great for an intro level class, however in a core class such as 175, I feel that she doesn't explain herself well enough. She is very kind and has great intentions, but execution and clarity with these higher level and broad concepts could have been better. Has difficulty making her point and getting that across to her students.
5.0 : Great Teacher! his class is easy , I took him back in fall 2012 and I got a B+ because I missed one test, but his tests are not hard at all. Homework was online, which I think is very helpful for tests preparation.
5.0 : Mark is really easy to understand. There's a solid amount of homework. He uses mymath lab for the ho9mework and its really easy o understand with. Gives study guides for all the tests. Chill guy, really recommend for trig
5.0 : show up and do your work ,you do fine, nothing from outside word , some question straight from lecture
4.0 : Pretty easy class. If you read the book, do the homework on your own, and understand the subject and how to go about solving circuits using different method you'll do great in the class. She's very helpful!
4.0 : NOTHIN MUCH TO SAY
5.0 : took ece 128 and 90 she teaches them well. Classes aren't too hard to pass by just showing up and putting in some effort. do the homework and the class is easy
5.0 : Dr. Z is the best. I had her for Intro to Electrical and Computer Engineering 1, and got to learn more about basics of Engineering. She is very wise, and is easy to get along with, very funny actually. Has a goofy side. Is more than willing to help you, just ask. Overall, she's not so tough on Grading just put effort and take good notes! No final:)
1.0 : Took 90 with her didn't pass. Throws question on the test that were more difficult to solve than homework and practice problems. Deducts a lot of points for stupid mistakes. Calls people out which I think is very discouraging. Thankfully they have another professor teaching it this semester!
4.0 : Love Dr.Z! Her exams are duable. If you don't  study you wont pass. She's fair. Very caring and approachable. Very sad she'll be leaving. She's very helpful! Would love to take 140 with her :-)
4.0 : SHE IS ONE OF THE BEST TEACHER IN THE ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT. HER TEST ARE VERY EASY IF YOU STUDY. SHE WILL QUIZ ON STUFF YOU LEARNED FROM THE PREVIOUS WEEK. SHE FUN AND CARRYING PERSON . TRY TO MAKE USE OF HER OFFICE HOURS IT WILL HELP  I COMMANDEERED HER FOR EVERYONE  STUDENT WHO REALLY WANT TO LEARN  TRY TO TAKE HER FOR ALL YOUR CLASSES IF U CAN
4.5 : She cares more than most professors. Her lectures can put people to sleep sometimes, but stay awake and the homework and quizzes can be managed. Extremely helpful during her office hours. Always throws one curveball on tests, but isn't a tough grader. Getting a C is easy. Getting an A isn't. But I'd recommend her over anyone else in the department.
5.0 : Definitely my favorite professor so far. You can tell she loves what she does, she is extremely helpful as well. If you have an opportunity to take her, take it. Her exams and homework are fair.  If you read the textbook, easy A.
4.0 : This woman is awesome! Easy A class. Lots of valuable information, so pay attention. No text was required, PowerPoint were used. She's laid back and easy to talk to.
5.0 : Met once a week (class often ends early) &amp; had a 15-question quiz every other 2 weeks. The quizzes are straight word-by-word from the powerpoints, which are straight from the book (she said this). Meaning, you don't need to buy the $100+ book! Two 4-6 page papers throughout the semester (you have time). 1 final, which she gives the answers to.
5.0 : She is very nice! Power points used and posted all on BB. Just print them, if you want to and bring it to class. Quizzes every other week &amp; were all online. 2 papers that's fairly easy to do. Offers a lot of extra credit, and attendance is mandatory for grade. No textbook used. Super easy class. Highly recommend! TAKE HER! :)
5.0 : Absolutely loved her! She has such a kind heart, take her class, it is super easy and the quizzes are straight from the power points, you don't even have to buy the book!
5.0 : One of the best professors I have ever had. She really cares about her students which makes her class even greater. There are a few online quizzes right out of the notes, 2 papers, and a final. Go to class and complete all your work and you will get an A.
5.0 : Professor Saldivar is an amazing lecturer she does start docking points after you start missing more than three classes but her lectures are interesting it'll make you want to go. There are two 4-6 page papers, a 15 question quiz on each chapter and if you have enough points, you might not have to take the final. Definitely recommend!
5.0 : Such a good lab professor! Very clear and wants all his students to succeed. 5 point quizzes at the beginning of every lab and he lets you do the labs on your own which I preferred. Take it with Anjan if you can!
4.5 : Lisa is a great teacher. She was clear, passionate, and helpful about everything she taught. Made an English class more bearable. There were 4 essays and a few quizzes. She was very open with her office hours, and super helpful in general. Also offered a decent amount of extra credit. Definitely one of my favorite teachers.
5.0 : Lisa was so nice! She didn't make you feel intimidated to ask for help, which I always was! As long as you do everything assigned and actually try, you shouldn't have a hard time passing. She was very relaxed and liked to get the class participating. I would definitely take another class taught by her. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Prof. McHarry was a fantastic instructor to have for my first semester at State. Wasn't really sure what to expect with ENG10, but overall I'm glad I decided to go this route as opposed to 5A/5B. Easy class as long as you do your work, put thought into your papers, and revise! Awesome English class.
4.5 : Lisa one of my favorite professors this semester. She's beyond chill and funny. She is very clear with her instructions and the way she teaches is perfect because she doesn't bother teaching B.S. Do your work and go to class and you'll pass with an A.  We've only written 3 essays so far and we're about to end the semester. SHE IS THE BEST.
5.0 : I took her for ENG10 and it's one of the best decisions I've made so far in college! Her class is super simple if you attend class, read the articles and follow the prompts she assigns. It's supposed to be a fast paced class but she makes it easy for her students! Plus, she is super chill and is one of those teachers you just would love to have agn
5.0 : As incoming freshman I was nervous to take a faster pace English but she has honestly made it easy, it wasn't too overwhelming, just go to class  and read whats assigned  because it all ties in with upcoming essays , the essays she assigns are on interesting topics, which is always good
5.0 : ms. mcharry was an awesome teacher. She's young and has a fresh perspective on teaching. I would take her again if I could. She is always willing to help and makes what can be a boring subject worth while. Does a lot of group work, but I would definitely recommend her.
4.5 : I loved this class. Lisa is very helpful. The only thing you need a 93% to get an A, which sucks if you get a 90. 4 essays, a few quizzes, and a few assignments. She gives you the chance to revise up to 2 essays as well. This is an easy pass as long as you do your work &amp; show up. No final. No exams. Just short online quizzes. THE BEST eng10 teacher
4.5 : Great class! She was really helpful!
1.0 : Whoever said she is easy I don't know what they are talking about . I went to her class everyday and still did not help. I went to her for help and she said that I was the who didn't understand her test questions. Her questions  have answers that are so similar that confuse the heck out of you. Take another professor not her !
5.0 : I love her class! Her lectures are super interesting, but her tests are just as hard. There is a lot of material, but the tests only contain so little. Beware of what you pay attention to the most.
5.0 : She is awesome! Love to go to her class and attendance is not mandatory. She's very witty and knows her stuff. Great professor, but you must take notes and know the information. I would take another class just because I enjoy her lectures.
2.0 : Walks in, bangs on podium for you to be quite, talks and talks till min of class is up. Just pictures from power points so you have to write quick. You have 3 test and they are stupid hard so good luck, you'll probably experience failing a class if you have never before. not grate at helping you pass the class.
5.0 : Best intro history course you will ever take. Her lectures are amazing and she is very personable but her tests are tough!! Studying is a must!! Dont bother buying textbook, all you need is good lecture notes to be able to do well on exams. Final paper was creative and fun. Take her class you will love her!
5.0 : Her class is interesting but the test are difficult. You expect main ideas to be on the exam but instead it is the minor stuff. It is all lecture, with minimal slides (not on blackboard). One essay which is easy and fun. Study guide is not much of  a study guide.
4.0 : She is absolutely a great professor! Her tests are a little challenging, but don't have to worry if you know the concept. There are only two assignments, so make sure to do them. Doesn't post any power points on blackboard, her class is basically just lecture. She takes attendance on random days. Dr. Vallis is really cares about her students
5.0 : 2 midterms and 1 final. One essay about a significant person in history. Take Notes. Study a week before and you'll be fine. Use Studyblue.
1.0 : If there's someone else, take someone else. You have to write throughout the whole class because she will include everything she talks about on her exams. Her exams wording are very unclear.
4.0 : Her lectures were great! I was always intrigued and was never bored in class.  The tests are super easy, straight from the lectures mostly, and she gives study guides so you know exactly what to study.  I took really good notes and aced the class without ever opening the text book.
5.0 : Professor Vallis is the most incredible teacher ever! Her class really brought history to life and could keep you captivated in her lectures the whole entire time. I Highly recommend her for both History and non History majors. P.S she is The most HILARIOUS person!!!
5.0 : She is AWESOME and is a very great lecturer.  I have taken her twice and have passed both classes. There are days she randomly checks attendance and you will not know when so you better go everyday, not that you would like to miss a day.
1.0 : A bunch of lectures everyday and everything is on the test so come everyday and take NOTES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! even when i did that, I still did not pass her tests. Tests are super tricky. dont take her class if you dont have to
5.0 : I Love her. She is an amazing teacher. That class goes by so quickly because she keeps you entertained. She makes her lectures interesting. If you get what she says and study you will do fine on the tests. They are not that bad. Attendance is important because she doesn't post powerpoints or anything like that. She does provide study guides.
1.5 : Entire class consists of lecture material. Does not allow the use of older textbooks, even when the information is relatively the same. Her class management style is very ineffectual--students who use their phones in class or talk will get no notice from her. Exams use trick questioning with the wrong answers written as similar to the real answers.
2.0 : Class is all based on her lectures. Tests and exams are quite hard. Very tough grader.
5.0 : Dr. Vallis is an amazing teacher! I LOVE her lectures because you can tell she is passionate about history. Her classes are not boring what so ever and for those complaining about the test, they aren't hard. You simply have to go to class, take notes on what she says, and that is what is on the test. I don't see the difficulty in that.
3.5 : She is the best history professor I know. Her lectures are amazing. Like a story book. Never boring. You can tell she loves to teach this course. Witty and entertaining. Not many assignments, attendance here and there and one paper. Test are really tough. Take great notes, note important dates and names. Study hard.
5.0 : She is by far the best history teacher that I have ever had. She makes the lectures really engaging and is a really great teacher. There two tests, one midterm, and a final all which are easy if you follow the lectures and study guides. There is also one writing assignment which she makes interesting. This applies to both history 20 and 1.
5.0 : Super awesome! Show up to class to pass! She's theatrical and tells stories as lectures to help us learn and remember about super ancient events. It's awesome. Tests are not bad. Wish I could take another one of her classes!
5.0 : Helped me along the way with the drafting of my papers. I never read the book or map book. Skipped class on the reg. She's hot.
5.0 : You do need the books and you do need to go to class. The tests do require you to critically think about the material, but if you take good notes and study what she tells you to you'll be fine. Great teacher, you take a lot of notes during lecture but you can tell Dr. Vallis cares and does her best to make the class enjoyable.
5.0 : Let's talk about an amazing teacher, though she is a strict grader she honestly cares about each student in that class and wants to see them succeed. She cares about actually learning the material not just the grades received. She is on topic and teaches relevant information. It's a 3 hour lecture that never got boring to me. It was a great class.
5.0 : She's a pretty cool professor. I had a two moments with her when I felt like she was sorta rude but overall she was an excellent and reasonable professor. She will have you take 1 online quiz/week and three tests spaced out. Lastly, she will have you do group presentations and will give you good feedback. She's nice  and reachable outside of class.
5.0 : LOVE Professor Munoz. Honestly, one the best class i had during my college life. Class is always fun and engaging. You have to work to earn your grade but it is well worth it. Learn so much from her. She is a must Take. Words cannot describe how great this class and Pro. Munoz was.
5.0 : She's great! I really recommend taking her. Amazing teacher. She is very helpful and encouraging of her students. Even when students gave an awful speech she still managed to find encouraging and positive things to say about them. She makes you feel like you have potential.
4.5 : Good professor. She wants to help each student pass and cares about you. Tests are online and quite easy if you use the study guide. One presentation towards the end of the semester. Overall, quite an easy class. Show up and do your work, you'll pass with an easy A.
5.0 : One of the best professors you can ever take!  She is absolutely amazing and obviously knowledgeable and passionate about her subject.  She will inspire you more than any other professors.  Her class is not tough but the assignments do require effort. You teach at the end of the semester and the project is great if you plan to teach!  SHE'S GREAT!
5.0 : Amazing class! Professor Munoz is nice, sweet, and knowledgeable. Exams are online open book, attendance matters, and take the observation and micro lesson project seriously. Take this class for a great professor that cares and wants you to succeed! Class was very enjoyable. Stay on top of assignments! Ask for help when needed.
5.0 : She is one of Fresno State's best professors. Soak up all of the valuable information in her lectures and expend the necessary effort in assignments, and you'll leave the class feeling educated and inspired. She will you treat you kindly and fairly. I highly recommend COMM 114 as it has been the most impactful class of my college career thus far.
5.0 : The best professor I have had at Fresno State. She's truly AMAZING. She's so passionate about education&amp;it shows. I learned SO much from her. Class is never boring. All exams are online. Huge classroom observation assignment. One micro-lesson. Weekly chapter response. She grades tough but it is because she wants all of her students to really learn.
5.0 : Mrs. Munoz is no doubt, an excellent instructor! The work she requires are demanding, in which you have to do it in great detail, but it's not hard at all. It's all about the time and effort you put in &amp; basically read and follow her directions thoroughly. No student should be complaining about her work, &amp; if you are, then college isn't for you.
5.0 : I loved Professor Munoz! I was nervous about taking a comm class, but she was hilarious and made the class so much fun. It's still a lot of work, but I felt that I've learned more in this class about teaching than I have in the past 4 years I've been in school. Would definitely recommend her to anyone!
4.0 : This is a great professor that will really make you feel prepared for the future and inspire you to be an incredible teacher. She was hilarious and fun to be around. My only thing is that she is a VERY TOUGH grader.  You have to be SO detailed on all of your answers in your work in order to receive a good grade.
5.0 : She is truly an amazing professor. I had my moments with her over a few errors in grading. Be as detailed as possible. She wants you to succeed, and if you plan on teaching, soak in everything she teaches you. Her class is one of the few that I have taken and actually felt better prepared for a career in teaching. DO NOT SKIP CLASS, YOU WILL FAIL.
5.0 : She absolutely amazing! You will learn many things you weren't aware of. Probably the easiest class you'll take but keep in mind you do your work outside of class (observation hours). Total of 10 assignments that are 1 pg long &amp; a final. That's it I'm not kidding!
3.0 : She's such a sweetheart! Love her style of teaching! She's very easy-going. There is one assignment (one page) due every week and a final. Also, there's one group presentation, so be aware of that. She does give you a study guide for the final. I'll definitely take her again if I have the chance. Highly recommended!
5.0 : Professor Moosoolian is such a great professor.  She is clear and easy to understand during lectures and The homework we do get is based off your own experience in the classroom.  I would definitely take her again if I got the chance.
4.5 : CDDS 139 is designed the same way, regardless of professor. This online course is intense. 10 modules. Participation in discussion board is a must! Your post, including your thoughts about the reading plus commentations on classmates post(s). Paper was very easy. Quizzes for each module.
4.0 : She is great. I took her online for winter intersession. She gives a fair amount of work for the time period that winter intersession is. Textbook is required and so is reading if you want to know the answers to the quiz. Overall not bad at all. You have to do work if you want a good grade.
5.0 : Natalie is the sweetest! The class is made up of 5 tests(easy)drops the lowest one, 2 deaf event, 2 expressive exams (you and a partner have a conversation in ASL), A small writing assignment based off the book "finding zoe", telling a story in ASL, 1 written final(easy), 5 easy discussion boards. She passes around a sign in sheet almost everyday
4.0 : She's fine for the class. You have 9 units (2 weeks for each unit) and each unit has its own 5 question quiz at the end (which are generally easy as long as you read the materials provided/multiple choice). We read the 4 chps. from the textbook. Midterm and final were essay responses which were easy. 1 overall essay, as well as numerous BB rsps.
4.0 : Dr. Natalie is a great professor eventhough she assigns to much discussion boards via blackboard. She needs to limit the amount of responses to 2. She has to realize is too much work for a student. Well her assignments are easy and has quizzes posted on Blackboard every other week.
5.0 : Bought Textbook but she printed papers for us, so not 100% necessary. She is willing to help. Won't give you an A unless you show you care and are trying, so be dedicated. I RECOMMEND her. Midterm was easy, but don't fool yourself, you need to study a tad.
4.0 : Hard class. 7 units with their own quizzes, 1 midterm, final, and outside activity to attend. Each unit had large amounts of reading (mainly the textbook) with numerous secondary sources. Quizzes were very hard, confusing with wording and content within the quiz. You need to post to BB at least 4 times per unit. It's hard, yet bearable.
4.0 : Although there is a lot of reading and sources to comb through, it is not too bad. She gives you about 2 weeks to read everything and respond to people. Instructions for response and essays are a bit unclear, so it can be a bit confusing. Quizzes are the worst part about the class, in my opinion. Yet, I would take her again definitely.
5.0 : Prof. Berrett is wonderful. She really pushes you out of your comfort zone to strengthen your ASL skills. Not only is she hilarious, she is also so caring. I missed my final for a stupid mistake and she let me make it up, no problem. 4 exams in her office signing, 1 presentation, 1 written exam, and 3 events. Loved this class and this amazing prof!
5.0 : Amazing instructor! Loved being in Natalie's class! The past two semesters I had a different instructor for ASL so I was a bit nervous going to a new one, but I ended up loving Natalie! My favorite assignment was being able to sign a children's book! Definitely something I enjoyed and enjoyed seeing others do!
5.0 : The grading gets tougher in CDDS93! Still a very fun class, but the expectations have been raised. Natalie is a very understanding teacher, if you ever need any help she is happy to answer questions. She did mess up on my grades quite a bit, so make sure you keep up with her grading and check your blackboard regularly!
5.0 : She was amazing! Take her. A very fair class and good teacher.
3.0 : The content of the class is fairly interesting however you have to stay engaged. Each module is 2 weeks long and you have to post at least 4 times (not consecutively), each post being 2-3 paragraphs with a reference included. Each module has a quiz which covers a large amount of information. The work is doable as long as you stay on top of it.
5.0 : Take notes on the readings for the online quizzes, which can be tough early on but get easier later on. Stay on top of assignments, and she is very helpful via email when you have questions. I learned a lot and the class was a positive experience!
4.5 : Excellent teacher, really cares about students and their success.  Make sure you go to class or you will not learn key concepts that are needed in order to be most successful!  Great teacher, you will learn a lot if you put in the effort.
4.0 : At the start this class was ok, but towards the end of the semester the 4 BB posts was too much. The quizzes were fine IF you read all of the million readings in the module. I emailed her once for a PERSONAL problem and she still NEVER emailed me back. As far as I'm concerned, she was OK not great. The class itself is easy if you stay on top of it.
3.0 : She is a nice person, helpful, and very encouraging and wants everyone to do good. But unfortunately, I did not learn much due to her always canceling class. She also takes forever to grade.
5.0 : At the beginning of the class, you will feel that you are in WAY over your head. However, if you follow the guidelines for each "job" in the newsroom, Professor Sidlow will literally stay ALL NIGHT to help you. She is an incredible person who really wants to have her students get jobs in a real news room after this class!
4.5 : Person is a very knowledgeable instructor! She is someone to look up to. I took her for 2 semesters and I do not regret it. She talks about her experience in her lectures but gives many good personal examples that will help you understand her lectures. Person is awesome and I highly recommend her! Easy final!
4.5 : 1 paper, 1 group agency project, pre &amp; post test paper, &amp; take home exam. She's very harsh on writing. Will drop you a whole letter grade if you have a lot of grammar mistakes. She's very big into the terminology and concepts and want you to go into detail with it also. Attendance is mandatory. She's strict on attendance and tardy. GET THE TEXTBOOK
1.0 : She was way behind in all her assignements. We did not review half the book and was expected to catch up on 8 chapters we never read. The tests are easy but the lectures are slow and out of the book.
5.0 : Professor Person is very knowledgeable, offering  lectures that really help you visualize and understand what social work is all about. She gives lots of assignments but they are fairly graded and easy to accomplish. I would take her again if possible.
2.0 : Was a good person, but not the best teacher as well. she was very behind on her grading and her lectures. She gets behind and makes you cram last minute, especially for the final. Too many group assignments which is 3 total, while other swrk 161 classes had just 2. She is not clear on what she wants and she does not even know her own syllabus.
3.0 : Topics are interesting, lectures are boring. She can easily put you to sleep, although she is an easy grader and there's not much work. One 8-10 page paper, two response papers and a group projectpaper. Easy A.
4.5 : She's is a funny and relate able professor. Quizzes and homework due every day, but as long you read the textbook it will be easy. The textbook is small and really easy to read. I would recommend taking her class!!
4.0 : Great teacher! Had to "debate" in front of class, but it was a good learning experience. She's cool, start a conversation with her, or ask an off topic question, and she'll go on for at least 10 mins speaking about it. Sometimes she gives study guides. 3 tests. Very flexible if things go out of hand.
4.5 : I strongly recommend Nicole. Always very upbeat and positive in class. Made it clear what needs to be done to receive a good grade in her class. Very willing to help! Easy to talk to and has a sense of humor. Long live Nicole!!!!
2.5 : should not be teaching at a CSU. no PhD, forgetful, reads straight from the slides. easy tests theyre awfully basic.
3.5 : Agree with the previous rating. Her tests are ridiculously easy, especially after taking other Anat and Physio courses in the past. Considering this is a class essential for our major, I wish they had a different teacher who could engrave this material into our brains better. The final is also optional if you took all of the other tests.
3.5 : There are ZERO points except exam points, no other work, so you must do well on tests. She drops your lowest exam grade, so you can do well and skip final. Class is not easy, BUT if you make flashcards of every slide and memorize each one, the tests will be no problem. MUST memorize the slides to do well.
3.0 : She is an extremely harsh grader. Do not take if you need an A.
4.0 : Katie is probably one of the best TA Lab instructors. Don't be afraid to ask her questions she is always more than happy to help you. Go to her office hours before a lab is due and she will correct it and give it back so corrections can be made to get a better grade on it.
3.5 : Let me be clear, in chem 1b labs, there isn't much T.A's can do. All the grading rubric is set up already. However, when it comes to T.A's, they can definitely help you understand the material and be understanding of students' needs. Katie is one of those T.A's. She'll answer any of your questions to your satisfaction. She's done this for years.
1.0 : Hereida is a terrible lab instructor. Easily the worst lab instructor I've ever had. I would take anyone over her if I had to do it again.
5.0 : Very helpful and easy going, the lab is very hard but Chem 1B so its expected, overall I would take her again.
4.0 : She is the best!! I took two back to back courses with her, I always looked forward to going to class. Very understandable and funny. Especially if you have rhythm:)
4.0 : Kim is great! She makes swing dance fun, the class itself is easy. You get three chances to miss class unexcused, and if you want to, you can make up days by going to one of her other swing classes. You don't have to know how to dance for this class either, so don't worry :) she goes through everything step by step. Highly Recommend!
5.0 : Very easy class. Go to class and learn the dance she teaches simple. 70% is attendance and 15% midterm and 15% final. Just going to class gets you a C. You will be dancing with strangers, but you'll eventually get to know them! Yay to new friends. You can make up for attendance by attending another class or club dance. Have fun.
5.0 : Kim is a great professor! She very nice, understanding, &amp; funny. She let's you make up unexcused absences.  She also doesn't grade hard, but you do have to participate and show effort.  If you don't understand something, she will help you.  I recommend her class!
5.0 : Very great instructor. She is fair, kind, and very wise. Late assignments are not tolerated. Just complete your lesson plans on time and you will be good for the course.
4.5 : She is one of my favorite professors so far! Make sure you always go to class, print out the notes ahead of time (fill in the blanks as she lectures), review your notes weekly, get to know her, and try to participate. The tests aren't bad at all if you know your stuff. Study the material and get to know her. She has a great personality!
5.0 : Awesome teacher! And she is actually pretty funny. Print out her notes before class, and they are fill in the blanks.
4.0 : A lot of Work! get it done and you will pass. good luck!
4.5 : She appears super strict on the first day of class, but for the most part she is very approachable and very knowledgeable. She holds high expectations for students which is for your own good as you progress in the program. Stay on top of the lesson plans and other assignments DO NOT procrastinate on those.
5.0 : Great teacher, she's funny, lectures are easy to understand. Just make sure to study for the tests, they are IMPORTANT to pass with a good grade. Would take again for sure. Extra credit quizzes help A LOT if you do well.
5.0 : Honestly, Bernard is an awesome professor.  He does make you work for it, in turns, you learn tremulously.  Take notes and ask for clarity.  He simplifies lectures down to the penny for you and makes lectures enjoyable.  Will definitely take future classes with him and wish other prof were like him! Definitely recommend!
5.0 : This is one of the hardest Communication classes I've ever taken. I was really dreading this class. Dr. Bernard made this class really interesting and fun. It wasn't easy but he does help his students and makes the class enjoyable. He is definitely  one of my favorite teachers at state.
5.0 : Very handsome to say the least. Dr. Bernard is always willing to help you with any problems you have. Class was a challenge, but just don't miss any lecture and ask questions. Hope he teachers another comm class.
5.0 : He's easy going and very understanding. He helps you with any questions you have but if you don't attend class he won't help you out. Gives a lot of extra credit opportunities and gives a couple hw questions but I never did them and still passed with an A.
5.0 : He's super chill and super laidback as long as you go to class and dance your butt off. Just be yourself in there and have fun because all you do in there is dance, basically. Try to get to know him by cracking jokes with him here and there and participate in some of his outside performances with his dancing organization and life will be super fun.
5.0 : Fun class! You learn a choreography and practice it all semester long and for the final you get to learn a choreography of your choice with a group of 3-4 people and perform it for the class. Funnest class at Fresno State. Would take again and again!
5.0 : BEST MGT 124 PROFESSOR EVER!!!   She is retiring this semester but if she ever comes back, TAKE HER!  Help you to understand all the concepts and s good and is very patient and has a wealth of experience and knowledge!
4.0 : Lots of work!!! Took her for a night class 6-950, and she made us stay until 950 most of the time.  Tests are clear cut.  She offers a study review session at Me n Eds before the test.  (These are usually fun. She buys pizza and helps with the study guide.) First test I did horrible. Then I went to the study session and got an A.
4.0 : Not a hard class, unfortunately she keeps the class almost the full time every night,  (6-9:50). Going to class is important because there is a quiz every week and a worksheet every class as well. The worksheets are pretty  easy but she goes very slow for the people that don't get it, and loves to talk making class go by even slower. Bring a laptop
5.0 : This class is no joke, but Nevin is by far the most helpful and hilarious teacher I have ever had. She is a stickler for cellphones in class and during tests. Comprehensive final, but she goes above and beyond to make sure you understand the material, often staying long after class has ended at 950, and providing study sessions outside class times
3.5 : This class is easy, but i hate it. Class is boring to me. The diet analysis project is such a waste of paper and stupid. Attendance is somewhat mandatory because you text in a number at the beginning of class, but if you know people ya'll can take turns going and not going.
5.0 : she is sometimes a little to nice lol extending the deadlines for the students who never submit on time. attendance mandatory, extra credit offered. I never really read the book and still have an A cuz goes over ch. in class. one hw assignment &amp; test for each chapter (like every 2-3wks) diet analysis project that consists of many small assignments
4.0 : Overall the class is easy but can be extremely boring. Attendance counts towards your grade, the diet analysis is time consuming and a waste of paper, but the tests and assignments are all online. She tries to lecture lively and get her students to interact but it goes almost nowhere but she is a very nice woman I would recommend her.
4.0 : EASY CLASS! JUST TAKE IT! Weekly online homework and quizzes. Just stay on top of that. Also the Dietary Analysis. Its pretty easy just make sure come to the day she explains it. Some math is involved.  Your going to keep track of your food intake for 3 days. Only bought pearsononline and tophat app. Forgot how much they cost though.
3.5 : Very nice woman, but disorganized. Her disorganization/niceness would make her push the due date, and give us more of a chance. Exams and homework  very easy (you don't need to read the book). DA project, very short and doesn't take much. Mandatory attendance, which can help with grades. Also, offers a lot of extra credit. Would take again!
4.0 : This class was really easy. Attendance isn't really mandatory, although she does give points for the iClicker questions. The book is also mandatory since it comes with mindtap, which will be needed to analyze the diet analysis project due at the end of semester. The final was not cumulative.
4.0 : Amazing Teacher!! Replies to emails very fast and is very understandable when you forget to take a test. I loved her!
5.0 : Great professor, definitely knows and is passionate about what she teaches. She's super clear with her lectures and she's not boring. Tests are on Blackboard and they're really easy, not meant to trick you. If nutrition was my major I would try to take all of her classes.
4.0 : She lectures in class but the powerpoints are also online, so you don't really have to take notes. Has online assignments based on the chapter you are working on and reading as well. Attendance is mandatory, she checks using i-clicker.
4.0 : She's a very clear professor. Gives a lot of extra credit which really helps grades. She simply makes learning fun with her humor and sweetness!
4.0 : Professor Ireland is the BEST! She makes learning about nutrition fun and interesting. All her exams are online, you can easily google and find the answers. The diet analysis project is so easy as well, it seems like a lot but just do it and don't stress over it because it's really simple. I want to minor in nutrition because of her! TAKE HER! :D
5.0 : She is very sweet and funny. She does make attendance part of your grade, and there are online tests and homework. She offers a bit of extra credit throughout the semester too. Only negative is she is very disorganized and doesn't plan her lectures efficiently so at the end of the semester she crams the lectures and projects.
4.0 : Excellent instructor, I respect her sharing personal experiences she's endured as a parent and the difficulties that sometimes arise with infant nutrition, everything correlated with the chapters. Although test are easy, the group projects are not,worth 1/3 your grade. Prepare ahead of time and reread your instructions, you will run out of time!
5.0 : He really wants to see students succeed!  Need help?  All you have to do is ask and he is more than wiling and very patient!  If you ask for help and ask questions you've got an A!
4.0 : Mahoney is great. A real professional in the sport and entertainment industry and you can tell he really loves teaching about it. You will learn a lot from him. He Has HW modules every week but they are straight forward and 2 exams. A couple of group projects in there too but this class is simple and straight forward.
3.0 : Simple class with long lectures. If you read the book when studying for tests it will help a lot. Good guy to talk to, and you should go to class even though you can probably pass without having to attend too much. Straightforward class.
4.0 : I took Dr. LaPorta this passed semester and he is a good professor.  The only thing I would recommend is have someone read your essays before turning them into him.  He is a hard essay grader, but the exams are simple.  Read the material and you will do great on them.  He is also handsome lol
4.5 : She is a great teach and very VERY helpful, you just have to ask, there is one powerpoint assignment that you present to class and there are a couple quizzes, this is a great class, you learn a lot about culture too. LOVE HER.
4.5 : The Professor is very nice and funny. I loved going to class and it was the best class I had for the semester. This class includes reading, but most of it is very fasinating. I recommend this class. Easy A!
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class. The writing assignments were easy since it was a creative nonfiction writing class. She's really nice and very helpful if your confused about anything. She really made me appreciate writing even more. Definitely would take another class with her.
5.0 : SHE IS THE BEST TA in my life!!!
4.5 : She will answer any question you have about the lab. A couple of quizzes but they are not hard at all. The midterm can be scary but it is not as bad as you think! Really happy i took lab with Ratliff
5.0 : Highly recommend for Econ 50. The textbook is not really needed if you attend her class and take down the notes. Everything she lectures on is given on the test, answers are in your notes. Very easy class, she's pretty laidback and will sometimes show videos. Enjoyed this one!
4.0 : Parts of the tests were filled in answers and if you didn't phrase it just right how she wanted you to phrase it, she would mark you down and take some points away.
4.0 : She is an amazing professor, really knows her stuff, and enjoys everything you go over in class. She is really helpful and teaches the material well. The class does require a lot of her work and time put in. Cant skip class too often. A lot of the days are mandatory, and the 2 tests that you have to take are tough. But this is a class worth taking.
5.0 : This course has a lot of information, but Faith does whatever she can to clarify anything you need help with. There are study guides for the midterm and final, for which you get to look at it during the test for a couple minutes. There are easy discussion questions for each chapter and a group research project is involved (keep on top of it).
5.0 : Jarrar is an inspiring professor who invests in students, especially the ones who usually get left behind, areignored or generally have to deal with ignorance misogyny and racism in other classrooms.
5.0 : This professor is amazing! I loved this class and if you want to take a night class this is it. She will make you a better writer, take her advice and talk to her. Definitely one of my favorite teachers at Fresno state.
4.5 : Engaging, teaches through postcolonial/ feminist/queer lenses. If you're here to learn with an open mind, this may be your favorite class and professor ever. Bonus - she's also hilarious.
5.0 : Hot and smart. Always on point!
4.0 : Amazing class! 1 large story, 3 medium stories, &amp; 1 small para. She has a list of what she will and will not accept for stories, which can be scary, but there are reasons for it. Super caring and funny, always encouraging us to write more. 1 day online w/ small writing activities due on BB, other day was critiquing others stories. Amazing teacher!
5.0 : Professor Daniel Frank is awesome! No question about it you should take him! He is also very up to date with technology so you do some fun things! Enjoy taking this class, its great :)
4.0 : Class is easy and simple. There is more work than what I would have expected for a 3-unit class. Class teaches you useful tips and tricks for computers. Discussion is the most important part of the course which requires you to sit in a computer lab for 2 hours. The tests for lecture and actually difficult and the study guides don't help.
5.0 : Chill class &amp; professor
5.0 : Boss fo sho.
2.0 : I am a nerd but this was the most boring class I've ever taken because his lectures are dry and were very "unengaging" and just reads slides to you. Lectures were also very unprepared. To top it off he doesn't even post office hours unless it is "requested".
5.0 : Hardest thing is the casebriefs. Expect at least 6 per week. Class is fun. Tells you "Star means its on Midterm/Final". Tests/Quizzes arent tough, but not a cakewalk. Review notes and you'll be fine. Most of final is rehash of Midterm with newer cases mixed in.
5.0 : Lots of case briefs but it was manageable. He provided a study guide for each quiz, midterm, and final. There were no extra questions that he did not go over. As long as you studied the study guides, it was an easy A. He only went over the material that was necessary to know, never went off topic. Very nice and answered any question asked.
4.5 : do your briefs very week and you will have no problem with the quizzes. midterm and final are just a review. easy class only if you read your textbook and do the homework.
4.0 : Be ready to type up a lot of case briefs. Taking good notes should help earn you a passing grade. in the course. The Final is largely shaped by the midterm although you do learn new cases. Overall, a great professor and course.
4.0 : For this class you have to do 6 briefs every week. However if you do them you will do good on the quizzes. There is a midterm and final. He gives extra credit for reading briefs in class. Overall, just do the work and you will pass the course.
3.5 : You will have to do about 8 briefs about every week (around 52 in total) and you have multiple quizzes through the semester. He is very knowledgable in the topics and explains cases very clearly. He has good stories , but there is not much discussion with the class so it can be boring listening to lectures. Learn the cases and you will be fine.
5.0 : This professor knows what he is talking about in lectures. The schedule may say the class is 3 hours long, but he lets the class out within an hour and a half. He is an awesome professor who happens to be a judge. I highly recommend him.
5.0 : Many case briefs every week. If you show up you will definitely pass. Tells you exactly what will be on the quizzes and exams. Night class usually only lasts about an hour-an hour and a half. Very knowledgable and uses practical experience to educate. Class participation throughout the semester is important.
5.0 : JJ is so chill and awesome. His class is really easy and it flew by because it was so relaxed. At the same time you get so much done and you grow as a writer. He's a really great writer himself, really nice, I would definitely take him.
4.5 : I'm a freshman and I absolutely loved this class. It's a lot of writing, but super enjoyable writing because it's all very real. JJ is so down to earth and really cares about his own writing and that of his students. I definitely recommend this class
5.0 : JJ is a very helpful professor but there is a bunch of homework and writing. There is a required  writings after every class so you should get ready to work. the class however is a truly enjoyable class
4.5 : Loved this professor! She is very "real" with her students and so SMART. She loves what she does and teaches you so much about teaching and Google technology. I have gained so much knowledge from her class that I will use ALL throughout my career. There are no tests, you have to prove your learning/knowledge by making a digital profile online.
5.0 : This class is amazing, I am learning a lot. I would suggest not taking this class if it is putting you over full time attendance. I spend more of my time doing this class than any of my other classes. It is not hard just very time consuming. She paces the class slow so you can pick up skills outside of your comfort zone.
5.0 : Such an amazing professor who has a strong love for teaching. He is very helpful, kind, patient, and wants to make sure everyone is clear on the subject matter. The class is fun and very useful to those interested in pursuing a teaching career ! He is the guy to take for CI100.
5.0 : 7am class but worth it. I'm not the best reader or writer however managed to pass the class with a high grade. She is willing to help you if you put the effort in. She won't give up on you. One of the best professors I've had.
5.0 : She cares more about your improvement than a letter grade, and she wants ALL her students to pass. Attendance is mandatory and the work must be submitted ON TIME. If you do the work and go to class, you WILL pass. Many reading assignments, but only one test(on school house rock). It's almost the end of the semester, but I am getting an A .
4.0 : Great teacher, she is funny and keeps you awake. Papers aren't really boring, she picks popular topics that you can relate to. She uses a lot of games and extra credit activities. Tardies and attendance matters a lot in this class.
5.0 : Professor Kolofer is one of the most experienced and best professor on campus. She makes the class super easy and you actually learn without having to worry about your grades all the time. Only 3 papers, 4 if you want an A. One basic grammar test and that's it. If you can, take her. :)
5.0 : Very nice professor and also expectations are very clear. Everything is written out on the syllabus for each day. Do expect homework and readings though.
4.0 : English 10 at 7am was not bad at all. Take this class of you really want to learn and challenge yourself in your reading and writing. There are HW after every class but it's fairly easy. If you want the grade you must work for it! She's a great professor and has funny and fun lectures. 4 project papers and final portfolio.
5.0 : This was my second time taking this class, but my first time with Mrs. K. Her dedication to her students is off the charts. I have never had a teacher that was so sincere in wanting her students to succeed. I recommend her class to everyone! She has even helped me with papers outside of her class. I got an A in my history class due to her guidance.
5.0 : Gives great feedback.  Attendance is mandatory, but the lectures are always fun.
5.0 : Mrs. K! She's awesome! I had her for English 10 and her class was so much fun! You won't regret taking her class. She only assigns about 3 major essays and 1 easy grammar exam. However, don't be fooled. If you are caught slacking in her class, she will call you out. You just need to try. I learned so much from her and my writing greatly improved.
5.0 : Mrs. Kolofer is seriously amazing. She is easily the funniest professor I've had thus far at state. She will call you out if you don't do your homework, but it's easy homework so do it. There's an assignment almost every night and the default grade of the class is a B. If you want an A she gives an extra paper to write.
5.0 : Kolofer is super chill and there for you. Super helpful and easy though she wants improvement (not enforced). Attendance &amp; book is mandatory. This class is WORTH IT. She calls out on you sometimes. Readings from blackboard and book; hw responses on blackboard. Just follow directions, attend class, and do work. Would take her class again. 2 papers
5.0 : Mrs. Kolofer is the best English teacher!! Totally worth it to take her class, I learned so much. It was a fun environment. We had a midterm essay &amp; final essay. Which she greatly helped you with. We did short responses every week from the readings for hw. Attend class! I passed easily w/a A! She's a awesome teacher &amp; she gives the best advice(:
3.0 : Don't expect a lot of support. She can be cold. She tires to teach you a general person-centered approach but basically wants you to learn her style of counseling.
4.0 : I loved hearing about Jessica's experiences in her work. She's funny, honest and really wants to see everyone succeed. The class is interesting and pretty easy.
4.0 : Ms. Bloom is awesome! She's very clear about expectations and a fair grader. She's also very knowledgeable and funny. I would recommend taking a class with her to everyone.
5.0 : Counseling 200 with Jessica Bloom is by all means the best class I have ever taken at Fresno State. I love her teaching style and you learn a lot from her. She is very caring and understanding. Easy class, but fish bowl can feel a little nerve wrecking at first. I definitely recommend taking this class with her.
5.0 : Jessica is by far one of the best professors I have ever taken in the counseling program. She first may seem mean but she is honestly very caring, understanding and compassionate. She cares so much about her students and she is also funny and so knowledgeable. Jessica is passionate of what she does and she is super smart! She is an amazing person.
5.0 : great professor
4.5 : Biochem is an very tough class, but Dr. Rezai makes the class passable for everyone. There are 4 exams (50 questions Multiple-Choice) and come straight from the book, honestly you don't have to attend the class. The average on the exams were always at a D or C but he curves at the end (85%A,75%B, 65% or 60%C) He's much easier than Dr. K. Maitra.
5.0 : Awesome teacher! His lectures are very clear, and he encourages questions.  His exams are curved, which definitely helped the grades in the class. No study guide, but he gives out practice exams that are pretty indicative of the tests. Very helpful during office hours, too.  Definitely recommend!
4.0 : I would definitely take him again. He genuinely cares about his students and will help you understand the material if you ask for help. Show up to class because he would put questions on the tests that we covered during lecture. Although the tests are difficult, each test is curved. Make sure to read the textbook and ask for help when you need it.
3.0 : Chemistry is a hard subject, so regardless with who you take it with, you will have to study. That be said, Mr.  Thiesen goes much too fast with his lectures.  I suggest printing your powerpoints out before hand.  He is willing to help you if you need help, so my suggestion is to speak to him at the beginning of the semester.  He values hard work.
5.0 : I want to say how much I enjoyed being in Professor Theisen's lab. He held office hours that he never missed and went over problems as many times as it took for it to sink in. It is difficult, but it's your job to put in the time. You could tell he wanted to be there, and that doesn't go unnoticed or unappreciated. Simply put, excellent instructor!
5.0 : He is absolutely superb! I'd recommend him to everyone who has to take his course. He may move quickly at times, but he is definitely the best professor for intro Chem. If you ever see him in his office hours, he will help you understand anything.
3.5 : He's a nice professor, but if you don't attend class and fall behind, it will take a while to understand the concepts. Studying a lot is essential in passing the exams even though they're curved. He's very fast paced compared to other Chem professors so make sure to be on top of your readings.
5.0 : Professor Thiesen is an awesome chem  professor. He's always there and willing to help you if you need it. This class is not that hard as long as you just read the textbook and understand the material. This was a class that i highly enjoyed. Tests are roughly 25 questions each (total 4 exams + final). The final has about 40 questions.
3.0 : Professor Thiesen is okay. He moves way too fast, which made it extremely difficult to understand some concepts. Sometimes we would get through multiple chapters in one or two class sessions. Tests are pretty difficult, however he does give practice exams. He does not believe in study guides so study everything! Chem is a hard subject. Good luck!
1.5 : Okay so I'm definitely not a fan of chem. This was honestly one of my hardest classes at state! DO NOT TAKE IT WITH THIESEN please! He's such a nice guy but he goes insanely fast. No study guides so your book is your bible! Practice exams are nothing like the real exams. Please take it with someone else!
4.5 : 1. Thiesen goes fast but there was a lot of material we didn't even cover them all 2. those complaining probably never asked for help, he is really nice and always willing to help 3. only reason i got a c is because i never show up to class and had to find my own ways of studying 4. make sure to attend class if you don't know your stuff
4.5 : Great lab instructor. He is always willing to help you if you are having trouble with any concepts. The quizzes are hard, so study, study, study! I have heard that he is much harder than other instructors. HW is also kind of difficult, but he is ALWAYS available for help, very approachable, and you WILL know your stuff by the end of the semester.
4.0 : Thiesen really loves the subject of Chemistry, and he gets really into his lectures. He gets really excited when he's teaching and can sometimes go a little too fast, but is very willing to explain things more thoroughly. He really wants to help you to pass the class. I loved him as a professor, but the class is no joke. Studying is a MUST!!
4.0 : Enthusiastic and entertaining lecturer. I would recommend reading the chapter before the lecture. He goes extremely fast so the math/concept problems will go over your head if you haven't prepared. Tons of mastering chem homework. Used the book like mad.
4.0 : Great professor, he is very clear on what he wants and he explains everything in good detail. You have to read the book to have a better understanding of what is going on in class, and like any science class it takes up most of your time. But he makes chemistry interesting! would take it with him again! On top of that he is handsome (;
4.5 : Kurtis is such a kind person and an awesome lab instructor! He's pretty laid back. I definitely left that class with a greater understanding in Organic Chemistry. He is super helpful.  I highly recommend Kurtis.
4.5 : Thiesen is a great instructor. He does not make you feel intimidated in lab &amp; gives good lectures before lab. He is honestly open to any questions you have. The quizzes are tough and you have to work hard to get a good grade on them. It's a good idea to take this course with him because you really learn and you will be ready for the next semester.
5.0 : Great guy, great teacher. He goes fast but it's not his fault. He's got too much to cover and he can't go into detail during lecture. The thing about that is, he's willing to give up his OWN time to help you. He also provides you with the tools to succeed. It's really up to you if you sink or float. Don't expect to get an easy A here.
5.0 : Professor Thiesen is an amazing lecturer, but his grading is really strict. Attendance is not mandatory.  Tests are curved, but he does not believe in study guides because he feels as if they are hinting towards the test, and he feels that you should know everything! Overall, he's really helpful and attentive to suggestions.
4.5 : Professor Thiesen is definitely one of my favorite professors at state. He is beyond helpful during office hours and during his review sessions. Tests are difficult, but fair.I learned so much during this course.  You're willing to go to his office hours after taking the exam to see what you missed also.  I recommend him. :-)
4.5 : This teacher is beyond helpful and it is obvious he loves what he teaches. The 4-5 tests are hard and without a study guide but he curves like crazy and I actually learned a lot.  Attendance is not mandatory and he posts all of the powerpoints online. He is willing to discuss the tests during office hours. I would take this class again.
5.0 : Professor Scheid is great! One of the best professors i've had yet! Coming from someone who really disliked English, she definitely makes English more enjoyable. The class itself isn't difficult at all. She gives great feedback on papers and is always willing to help. You should definitely take this class!
5.0 : At first I didn't know what to expect of Professor Scheid since she replaced the professor I had signed up for initially but I honestly I'm very happy she did. She's really good at getting the best out of you when it comes to English. Took her for Engl 10 and it was a bit work heavy but she makes the class fun and not so stressful.
4.5 : Professor Scheid is awesome. I had her for two semesters. I hated writing coming into 5A but by the end of 5B, I really started to love it. She made me want to do better. She's tough, but very encouraging.
4.5 : Professor Liz is so great! She is a really creative teacher. I never expected to be doing so many plays and speeches in an English class. Somehow it was always related to what we were learning which made everything more interesting and enjoyable. She is also a really nice person. I will miss this class.
5.0 : I am surprised I enjoyed this class as much as I did, I have never liked English. But professor Liz helps you to understand why writing is so important, I now analyze just about everything. The class can be a lot of work, but it is fun and she is really understanding if you talk to her and ask questions.
5.0 : I took this instructor about two semesters ago (Fall 2016) and let me say, she is amazing. Even though I was on the verge of failing, I loved her lectures because they were so inspirational. She's also very understanding and kind. Communicate with her and she'll do what she can to help you. Hands down, one of the best professors I've ever had.
5.0 : I am currently in her class Eng10 Class at Fresno State and I absolutely love her. Our topics in class range from debates regarding politics to social issues. I have never heard more from a class in my entire life. Take this course!
5.0 : She is a great teacher. Seriously one of the best I have ever had. She made me enjoy reading and even writing. The discussions in class are the best part.
5.0 : Mrs. Scheid is the best teacher I've had this semester. She's totally inspiring and very supportive. In class we did 3 writing project in total. The midterm and final was a revised portfolio of the writing projects with reflection papers. There were in-class activities done in class but they aren't worth much. Loved the relevance of topics.
5.0 : Professor Greaves is a great. She is very passionate about WS . She is extremely helpful and understanding of her students, she wants to see them succeed. The class itself was not hard at all. Just do all the work to the best of your ability  and you will get a good grade. Lectures are interesting. attendance matters.I recommend this class 100%
4.5 : She's a sweetheart. I enjoyed taking her class. She is very helpful with questions when students ask. She was always kind and patient with me. Mandy Greaves is an awesome professor.
4.0 : Shows eye opening videos all semester, no exams, journal entries every couple weeks on blackboard. Kind, soft spoken, downside wasn't the teacher just pain in the a** students who were immature for college classes who made class difficult at times. Overall easy class with a caring teacher who helps you as long as she sees you're putting in the work
5.0 : Professor Greaves is amazing. She definitely teaches you about women and more. This class isn't just about women by the way... She also takes time to talk about men. She definitely taught me more than i would've ever known! Attendance matters. She takes roll every day. Also if you take her 3 hour class, she gives you a break (:
5.0 : Loved her class. She's great and makes the class very interesting. Easy to follow on the lectures and the assignments are not so hard. The journals are clear and are easy to do.
5.0 : 1 midterm and 1 final and 4 presentations. Besides that there are small class work here and there; they are super easy. She's a good professor. Read the textbook and it should be pretty easy to ace her tests.
5.0 : She's an amazing teacher. She has 1 midterm, 1 final, and 3 presentations. You work in groups sometimes for class assignments (SUPER EASY) and she doesn't grade hard on anything but the tests. They are a big part of the grade, although you don't use the textbook consistently throughout the semester. I got a B sole because i got C's on both tests.
4.0 : Her class is somewhat fun, with 4 presentations and a couple tests. You HAVE to do all the presentations to get a passing grade, and if you aren't comfortable with speaking by yourself in front of a class definitely don't take this class. Good teacher though.
5.0 : One of the best professors at Csuf. Super passionate. Clear instructions. I had to leave for a week and she let me move my presentation date. Easy to communicate with. I loved being a part of her class and she really helped me strengthen my public speaking skills and creates a comfortable environment for those afraid.
3.0 : Harjit is very talkative and clear. I passed exams easy because she always gave us information and we continuously went over it everyday so we learned it. She gives study guides. Her speeches are easy and she gives exact outlines of what is needed. Shes very supportive and gives motivation, plus shes funny. Be in her class and youll pass.
4.5 : A GOOD professor!!! Very loud and clear on what she wants. Must participate in a couple of individual presentations. You get to choose your topic. Highly reccommend this professor
1.0 : She does not cover anything even remotely relevant during her lectures, mostly just has you break into groups to do busy work. Her tests are terrible because her study guide is vague and unhelpful and she does not cover anything on the test in class. Take anything else other than this class, I would give a 0/5 if I could.
5.0 : She is my favorite professor on campus, she makes the class so much fun, I look forward to her class every day! I would totally take a class with her next semester! Don't let exams fool you, you'll think their easy and common sense and you won't have to study for them, you will her tests are intense if you don't know what you're doing.
5.0 : Mrs. Dosanjh is an amazing upbeat professor.  The class had 4 presentations and 2 exams and a few in-class assignments. Be prepared to reach outside of your comfort zone. If you want an A, you have to match the criteria she presents. The exams wont be a problem as long as you keep up with reading, but it gets hard to balance speeches with reading.
5.0 : Prof Dosanjh is tough in the way that she does not treat her students like children. We are treated like adults. She is fair and will grade hw/tests in the same amount of time she expects us to finish it, which I respect. She has a very open minded and loves open class discussions. Her study guides are helpful and her tests are very fair.
4.5 : Very laid back, tests aren't very hard, you should attend class for random extra credit chances.
5.0 : This guy is the best. super sweet, super funny and keeps you interested. He makes it seem as if the text book is necessary but if you go to class and listen to the lectures everything he tests on is covered. amazing! and I DESPISE art history!
5.0 : Easy course taught by a great instructor, very approachable and friendly. His lectures/slideshows only consist of pictures, no words. Reading the textbook and attending the class is highly recommended to achieve a good grade. No homework, writing assignments or project, so grade is heavy determine by 2 midterms and 1 final.
5.0 : Great art class taught by this professor.  He is pretty funny and incorporates more than just art into his presentations.  The tests are easy if you study.  Random extra credit assignments worth 10 points.
4.5 : Don't need to take notes. Study guides before 20 Q tests; memorize the artist, name, and date of the piece as well as read the little paragraph and caption about it in the book for the most part. Few random in class assignments about a movie. 1 research paper. Used "Flashcards+ by Chegg" app to study. Email's unreliable, but he's a funny &amp; cool guy
5.0 : Super easy class. He is really passionate about art and makes it a fun learning environment. A few quizzes that require you to study and one large research paper. Also, random extra credit assignments so you might as well go to every class. Really easy and fun GE class!
5.0 : Professor Johnson is by far the best teacher I have had. He is clear, has amazing lectures. He has inspired me to visit specific places in the future because of how fondly he speaks of them. He is also hilarious.
5.0 : Johnson is a nice guy. ARTH sounds boring but take him and his passion for art will reach out to you. He incorporates humor in his ways of teaching and I have learned quite a few interesting things from the class. Take notes on his pictures and you should be fine. Textbook is useful to get more info from. I recommend taking any art class with him!
5.0 : Prof Johnson's class was a breeze. We have about 4 tests, all multiple choice. He does assign one research paper that he grades hard on, but besides that it's all about memorization. Study the pictures and the dates and you'll be fine. You don't have to show up, but I would or you'll miss out on a few things that could show up on the test.
4.5 : Philip is a really cool professor. He makes art history class very interesting. I would recommend to take notes about paintings during class lecture, since he have surprise writing assignments about a painting  he talked about during lecture. He is extremely strict on citations for essays. Quizzes aren't too bad.
5.0 : Awesome professor!! Extremely helpful, makes sure you understand, has a bit of humorous side. Highly recommend, does not try to trick on tests even gives a study guide to prepare for tests. Would take again.
5.0 : Professor Henderson is the best accounting professor Fresno State has - hands down! I had her for Acct 187 too. Acct 148 is difficult so be prepared to work hard and try not to miss class. ALWAYS ask her for help if you don't understand. She will help you anytime and will even move test/project days if the class isn't prepared. She is amazing!
4.0 : class is interesting because he brings field info into the course. not just text book stuff. take the class
5.0 : Realest homie you will ever meet. She keeps it real!!!
5.0 : Really chill professor. Just do the assigned work and you'll pass with an A.
5.0 : It was a really easy class all you literally have to do is show up. She is such an amazing professor and you will like her.
5.0 : Great professor! She truly cares about her students and is extremely inspirational!! The work in this class is clearly explained and is not stressful.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had. She is very understanding and genuinely cares about her students. If you have any type of anxiety about giving speeches, you should definitely take her class. It is not stressful.
5.0 : She is by far the most amazing professor I have ever had. She is very specific on what she expects, is genuinely caring and just an all around loveable person. She gives plenty of time for assignments and allows you to correct your mistakes if finished early. She tries to make everyone comfortable when giving speeches so they're not too dreadful.
5.0 : I absolutely loved Prof. Anzoleaga. She is so helpful, and if you are behind at all, which you shouldn't be, she will completely help you in anyway possible. She loves seeing her students get A's, so she will do all in her power to make that possible for you.
5.0 : Such a wonderful professor. It was such a pleasure being in her class. She is clear, fair, an exceptional professor! Take her class if you can.
5.0 : Easy teacher very nice easy A
5.0 : I took this class at fresno city college during the four week season during the summer it is an easy A! Just show up to class and follow her guide lines and you will pass the class with flying colors!!! great instructor! Understands the needs of her students
5.0 : Cares about her students very much. Just wants to see her students succeed. Would highly recommend taking her class if you can.
5.0 : She's probably the most coolest teacher I had out of my 4 classes. Really caring about students stress and anxiety when it comes to school. I'm a freshman and I would like to thank her for helping me fit in with college, giving us advice and tips for staying strong mentally and physically. Highly recommend class.
4.5 : Like the rest of the comments on Mrs. A, she is very caring of her students. She has only two major speeches in her class, and she has an outline for you, all you have to do is fill it out with your information and read it to the class and you'll pass. Her tests are all open notes, so, take good notes! lol just kidding, her tests are easy.
5.0 : She is amazing! Seriously so sweet and funny! she is easy to talk to. I am a nervous person when it comes to speaking but with her class she made it easy.
5.0 : Best communiactions teacher! Super sweet and caring.
5.0 : By far one of the best professors at Fresno State. She is kind, caring, and extremely understanding. Very sympathetic towards students and everyone in general. Easy course and smooth semester with Professor Anzoleaga. Wish all professors were like her and highly recommend her for all freshmen students and everyone needing a communication class.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class! Prof. Anzoleaga truly cares about your college success. A lot of lectures and in class discussions. 2 speeches (that you don't have to memorize) and if you have a fear of public speaking, then this is the class to take! Really easy to do a good job and she really loves giving everyone A's.
5.0 : Caring and chill professor. Wants to see students succeed and get A's. She helps you gradually create your speeches by starting off with writing down your topic, making a rough draft, then your final draft. She calls this scaffolding. If you show up to class when not many people are there, she gives out extra credit.
5.0 : Dr. Hammons is an excellent professor. She speaks with such clarity and her lectures always make sense without mistake. Additionally, her coursework is interesting and even led me to declare a minor! She's a great professor and the work is cake. You will love the MyVirtualChild assignment. I highly recommend this course.
4.5 : The weekly quizzes were easy and the paper was pretty easy as well. She has you take your tests in the testing center and they are ok just depending on how much you study. She gives a study guide with a list of questions. Study that as well as the quizzes and you will do good. You don't NEED the book. It is just nice to have for vocab words.
5.0 : 1-2 online quizzes a week, along with a paper that's due near the end of the semester. The material isn't hard, just lots of memorization. She gives out study guides for the tests which are super helpful. Her lectures tend to be pretty long and cover a lot of material, but overall she's a great professor.
4.0 : Loved her and this class. A lot of reading but usually interesting material. Textbook is necessary for tests! Highly recommended :)
5.0 : this was by far one of my favorite classes! the class is really interesting in general, but dr hammons makes it fun. online quiz about once a week, test/quizzes come from both textbook and lecture, so attending lecture is necessary. she does iclicker quizzes. MyVirtualChild project throughout semester plus a paper on it. BUY THE BOOK!
3.0 : Tough teacher. By far the toughest child development teacher I've had. Get ready to try to memorize her book because that is all that will help you on her tests. Study guides are next to useless.
4.5 : Great teacher! I would definitely take her again. Quizzes every week, but super easy. Lectures are long, but also interesting and she also shows a lot of videos. One paper due all semester. 4 tests, and 1 final. She gives a study guide for every test. You definitely learn in this class!
4.0 : Easygoing and sweet teacher. Lectures are really long. You have quizzes everg week, one paper, and about 5 exams. Exams are pretty tough. You have to know the material really well.
3.0 : I feel like she is trying to make this class harder than it should be just to compensate for the fact that it is an introonline class.  People expect this to be an easy A, so she just tries to make it more difficult in spite of that.  Tests are taken at the testing center, which is a nuisance for those taking classes online! Pretty hard!
3.5 : I thought this class was fairly easy. Show up to class and take good notes. The exams are not as hard if you really pay attention in class. Also, print out the powerpts. She tends to go really fast. There is 1 group project on at risk categories. Also, iclickers are needed. There is 1 paper due at the end of the semester. Book is not necessary.
4.5 : Weinman is such a great professor! She goes through her lectures pretty fast but usually posts the PP's on BB. You can tell she's passionate about what she does and really wants you to understand the material. Her exams are difficult, no study guide, but offers tons of extra credit. One easy writing  assignment, and homework is online.
4.0 : Geology blows. If you are taking this for GE and thinking it will be a breeze, think again. Lab is super tedious and not helpful at all. Who ever wrote the lab manual needs to leave, just leave. Take Chem 3A instead Beth is super helpful though
2.0 : I suggest taking this with a different professor workman ford is the best out of everybody professor weinmans test are kinda hard without a study guide  she does give a lot of extra credit though.
2.5 : The class is super easy her test are just hard. go to every class because she does iclicker points and games for extra credit!
5.0 : Dr. Weinman is one of the best professors i've had. she does have online homework but it just helps your grade more than anything. She's open to getting asked questions and values discussion (so don't be afraid). she's super passionate and encourages change. Don't let the course load discourage you. Lab TAs are awesome too (S.O to ALEX P.)
3.5 : Prof. Weinman is great! Her enthusiasm for Geology is amazing and that makes her a really engaging professor. Geology itself is a tough subject, but Weinman makes it understandable and interesting. She is helpful to her students and answers questions in depth. For the most part, she is pretty laid back. I would recommend to take Geology with her.
5.0 : she cool
4.0 : Had her for CSM 10 and 15, great teacher, very fun and easy class. One of my favorite teachers for my first year, love her and shes very helpful in and outside class.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had so far and helped me when I needed it. Easy class especially if you do all the work and you'll get a good grade.
4.0 : Make sure you have the book and last I checked, it was only one book. Discussion boards are a must. You will read essays, not novels or short stories to analyze and compose an argument on them. If you took AP Eng Lang and Comp, you will understand. She is very helpful, so if you're stuck on something, I would recommend going to her office hours.
5.0 : Really cool teacher pretty laid back, has great taste in music I might add. Do the work that she gives and you will be fine. If you have any problems email her or talk to her and she will happily help you out.
5.0 : A very cool and nice teacher that is always willing to help. Her class is really fun, not a boring poetry class. Learn to write tons of new poems and nothing constricts you. Come into this class to explore your imagination
5.0 : One of the best teachers ever. Made this class so fun and easily by just doing what she asked
4.5 : I really loved Ms. Brodie! She's a very helpful teacher and always there for you. Classes are to the point and are always contrasted to help you with your assignments. Her grading scale is fit to you, basically you can chose your grade. No tests, just essays that are graded as credit no credit. Some busy work, but easy to do. I RECCOMEND HER!
4.5 : Brodie I would say is a good teacher! Her assignments aren't hard. You just need to read short readings and respond to her questions. Only two major essays but the final portfolio at the end of the semester is the only tough assignment you need to work on. Overall, I enjoyed her class and she's funny and nice! definitely recommend her!
5.0 : she is super nice and very clear on what she expects. there is a decent amount of work but it is not hard. she is very helpful. i highly recommended her for engl 10. one of the best prof i ever had.
5.0 : One of the best teachers. The work is really easy. Received an A. There are no test, just regular writing assignments which were all easy to do. I recommend taking her.
4.0 : She is an amazing professor. At times, it may be very difficult but Professor Mayer is there to give you the helping hand and will walk you through step by step. I definitely recommend her if you are suspicious about yourself being able to handle the english 10 work load rather than english 5A.
4.0 : By far one of the sweetest most helpful professors I've ever had. Class does require a lot of writing but she is there to walk you through it. Extremely easy going professor!
5.0 : Best teacher by far. Highly recommend her and she honestly made me want to go to 8 am class! always makes class fun!Essays are very interesting and group oriented work at times
5.0 : Mayer is so nice! I would advise you to take her! She's always there for you if you have any questions. I hated english but after taking her, she really made me like it. There are 3 writing projects and then the final writing project but you can use one of your other writing projects for it.  There are also blog posts due but they are simple.
5.0 : She is a Great Professor, she is available when you need her. She does not blow you with HW. Just Plenty Of Writing, but again i is a English Class.
5.0 : Very awesome English 10 teacher ! Very helpful and lenient. I passed with an 98%
5.0 : There is a lot of writing in her class but it's an English so that's pretty obvious. She is very clear in her lectures, very welcoming to all students and very funny. She's always there if you need extra help. Just show up, do the work and participate. She's very easy going and great at what she does! She made me laugh &amp; smile every time in class:)
4.0 : It is an easy class if you try and pay attention
4.0 : Professor Mayer was by far one of the best English professors I have ever had she was always willing to help if needed on essays. There were only 5 essays the whole year and 2 of those were just revisions of the other 3. Very kind and funny in a quirky way I highly recommend her if u need a English 10 class.
4.5 : Did a lot of blog posting on blackboard but it was usually only 200 words per post so it was easy. Well prepared for the writing assignments, we had about 4 essays. Final was a minimum of 8 pages. I was annoyed because she said we NEEDED the textbooks yet we used them like 3 times. Must be comfortable with peers reading your writing and critiquing.
5.0 : The nicest teacher I've ever had! Only three essays (5 pages, 8 pages, and 5 pages) with mandatory revisions and reflection letters. Allowed to miss five classes before your grade is penalized. The lectures were actually pretty pointless, but they weren't too hard to sit through. She is a fair grader and provided a ton of feedback!!
5.0 : Professor Mayer is an amazing English professor! She cares a lot about her students and is very funny. She goes above and beyond to help her students and provides good feedback on essays. I definitely would recommend taking her class!
5.0 : Mayer is one of the best professor you will ever have. I took her for two semesters, and she has really helped me on my writing. She is very easy to access outside of class and gives good feedback on your essay. She doesn't overwhelm you with homework, but I would say this 'STAY ON TASK'. If you do that, you can easily receive an A or a B.
4.0 : He is a really good professor, he will not continue with the material unless everyone understands it. Attendance is not mandatory, but if you attend everyday the class won't be as hard.
4.5 : Easy class as long as you go and pay attention. You can't skip he takes attendance every time and that will come in handy to pass. He'll work with you as long as you speak to him. He's a nice guy. All quizzes online and are easy if you have your book or do the reading.
5.0 : Professor Martinez is great at teaching! I took him twice, one for DS71 and IS52. His lectures are funny and interesting. The workload is not hard, if you read and do the assignments you will pass the class.
5.0 : Super Mexican Accent but still understandable.  Kinda Sorta but not really  Overall, he's a really good teacher, cares about his students, and makes you think about your future.
4.5 : - class is not as that hard, but you have to put in efforts.  - you will learn a lot - lectures are not boring - takes attendance every day - no electronics use, you lose point if he sees you doing other thing - dropped 1 of the first 3 exams and 1 quiz - you will need the book, it really helps
4.0 : He's a good professor. Easy, clear-cut on expectations and want you to succeed. Read &amp; study slideshows for 2 exams. Weekly quizzes &amp; also had 2 fairly easy group projects (Excel &amp; Access). For access project you will present w/your group though. There were 2 easy SAP "project" &amp; attendance was mandatory.  Do everything &amp; it'll be hard to fail.
4.0 : Martinez is super cool, his tests are pretty hard but I got low Cs on all the tests and got a B in the class. The final is all the questions from the previous tests! He makes the lectures interesting and usually lets you out like an hour early. Overall, good class, good teacher
4.5 : Easy class. dropped the lowest midterm. Homework every class, but its doable.
5.0 : The best teacher. If you pay attention you'll pass. He gives extra credit and truly cares about his students. You use the book for problems. Sometimes it's boring but he usually lets us leave early.
4.0 : you have weekly quizzes that are so easy. there are a total of 4 tests including the final and one of the tests are dropped. just go to class and make sure you have your ICLICKER registered for his class. DONT BUY THE BOOK IF THE SLIDES ARE POSTED. you will be good with those. Hands down the best professor at state!!!!
4.0 : Read the chapters to pass the quizzes and the exams. The topic absolutely bores me but still did well. The projects are interesting, group database project being the most stressful. Mr. Martinez is fun-loving and assertive. Show up, stay off your phone in class, read and dont procrastinate on the projects and youll do fine.
5.0 : Amazing professor , made math so fun to go to. Only thing that sucks is the final is such a huge portion of points that even if you maintained an A all semester your grade can be brought down to a B. Other than that I highly Recommend. DO NOT SKIP CLASS
4.0 : Funny guy. While I don't really see the use of the course it was interesting to be in. While he does allow laptops don't fool around. He will exploit people who do and take away attendance points (which is hilarious btw). I used to just have my notebook open for notes and look at the powerpoints on my laptop in lecture. Got an A so you can too!
3.0 : Decent professor. Does his best to connect with us, but the subject matter is very boring. Literally the whole class is powerpoint of the vocabulary in the text, and him reading over the words. 4 tests (one is dropped), 11 quizzes (1 is dropped) and 3 very easy assignments. Overall a pretty tough class.
4.5 : Great class and very funny. don't mess around or use your phone in class or he will call you out and make you an example in front of the class. There are weekly quizzes 10 questions each, you have 15 minutes to do it. Overall very easy class should be an easy A I didn't try much and was still able to pass with a B. would definitely take again.
5.0 : Easy class, Quiz were easy, and dropped the lowest test score you have. Also not a lot of homework.
5.0 : Was Great, keeps it simple, extra credit, Homework and quiz will get you through this class.
5.0 : Hilarious, lectures are great, awesome instructor- the whole class loved him
4.0 : Robert only teaches night classes which means the class period is almost 3 hours long. The 3 hours fly by since Robert is always cracking jokes. He goes into detail in explaining the material, also he gives real life examples that helps you a lot. The only real homework were 4 one page essays.
5.0 : Good professor!  Truly wants you to learn, and not just "get by". There's a bit of work to do, however it's not bad.  He grades fairly easily, just do what he asks.  You'll be fine!
5.0 : Hands Down best professor at fresno state. He only teaches FIN30 but take him!! He makes the class so fun and you honestly learn. 4 tests, 4 quizzes, 3 one-page papers. He brings in guest speakers and really is worth taking and going to! If i could have him for every class I would! TAKE ROBERT FREDIANI!!
4.5 : Mostly reading! Four random 10 question quizzes (T/F mostly) based on the reading assigned for the week he gives it. Always gives study guide w/ essay questions to know. Few essays that're only 1 page long. Gives extra points on tests if you're there the next week &amp; for attendance if people leave early or don't show up. Always let us out early.
4.5 : If your textbook is Personal Finance 5th Edition by Jeff Madura, you can find it online for free :) Basically reading and the tests are worded weird sometimes, but he'll be fair and give some points. He also tries to be funny, just laugh at the jokes and you'll get by
5.0 : great instuctor
5.0 : Robert has been amazing. Im still taking his course at the moment but thus far he has been outstanding and my favorite professor this year.
5.0 : An AMAZING Professor!!! Take him, you will not regret it. Very passionate about the subject and wants the best for his students.
5.0 : Nothing short of phenomenal experience, he's such an amazing teacher you would never feel bored in his class.
3.0 : Professor Ogden doesn't grade anything except for Unit exams and the Final exam, so be prepared to study! Also, be prepared to attend tutoring and to ask a lot of questions during lecture. You buy a workbook for the class and there is not a required textbook.
4.0 : This class focuses mostly on English grammar, so get ready to discuss the labeling of different kinds of words.  It's not easy, but if you put the work in and stay on top of the material, especially the verb conjugation, you should be fine.  The textbook is essential.
4.5 : Pretty straightforward class. Some quizzes that aren't too hard at all. Final is an in class essay. One presentation that starts as a group then you can do your own thing. Participation is key in passing. Not just attending class, but actually participating in the discussion.
5.0 : Awesome teacher! Really interesting subject matter! Very understanding and is clear about what is expected through each assignment and test. Highly Recommend!
5.0 : Very knowledgeable professor, her lectures are exceptionally informative and helpful. I love the passion in her voice! Very clear about the assignments and class expectations. Highly recommended!
5.0 : Very Good
5.0 : Now that we are at the end of the semester, I feel like this was the best class I have ever taken. We need more Professors like Dr. T on this campus to teach critical thinking, promote inclusion and diversity. Excellent class!
5.0 : Best professor at CSU Fresno. She's welling to help and she makes the class intresting.I recommend taking her class.
5.0 : Professor T is a very sweet lady! She does her best in spreading her knowledge and really does it because she loves what she does. Teaches about the Persian culture and the origin of the language. I already knew the language, but she is a very sweet professor. She is a very easy professor just have to try a bit.
4.0 : Great Lab instructor with realistic grading on those long lab assignments, and very helpful during lab instead of telling you to "figure it out". understands material and states it clear. Must read Lab and understand whats happening in lecture to truly succeed. READ READ READ
5.0 : By far the best professor at State. He really truly cares about his students success not just in his class but in their futures. Do the homework, every assignment no matter how mundane. Read, go lectures and watch online videos. It is an easy A if you are there. He drops your lowest test. How many professor still do that in upper division bio.
5.0 : Ross is awesome. He is a good instructor one of the few I have had at Fresno state. He pays attention his exams to get a feel of what the students are learning and how to adjust his questions for student success on future exams. Show up to class and participate and you'll do really well in this class. He is a good instructor.
5.0 : Dr. Ross was an excellent instructor. He told us how to approach problems and gave hw similar to what was on exams. He welcomed questions and never made you feel stupid. Kindness,a trait people never fail to undervalue-Dumbledore. In this case, it was much appreciated. Take his class, for the force is strong in him! Very refreshing prof!
5.0 : Dr. Ross is a great Professor. The material wasn't very easy, but he made sure that we got all the help we needed in order to understand. Also, he will help you if you go to his office hours. Great guy! Learned a lot with him.
4.5 : I wish he taught all of the upper division bio courses! As long as you listen to him during lecture, look over his power points, and watch his online videos you'll do great on his exams! He lets your drop the lowest test score. If you're satisfied with your grade after the three exams, you can drop the final as your lowest test score.
4.0 : Not lying about the new comment if you have any friend that took him this semester ask him or her how was it and see for yourself.
5.0 : Dr. Ross is a very nice guy that knows his stuff. His exams can be tough. I say go to class, participate in EVERYTHING no matter how easy/hard, don't miss an assignment or any quizzes even if you don't know the answers &amp; ask questions, he loves them. I didn't do very well on the exams but made sure to never miss anything assigned and got an A. :)
5.0 : He's an amazing person and professor, however, his new grading criteria and the structure of the course has completely changed from previous years. His course and the structure of it is a game changer. Didn't do so well, but he's alright.
5.0 : Dr. Ross is an amazing professor and an inspiration to students. I have yet to meet a student that he has not positively influenced. I recommend this teacher for ANY subject you want to learn about! His teaching style is very straight forward and his passion for helping others is evident in his dedication as a teacher.
3.0 : Ross is a good teacher, but this past semester he got hard. His tests are not hard but need to study everything. rewatch lectures a lot times when dont understand something. Warning: you won't be able to know your grade after final is posted that's the downside of him. meaning you don't know the curve until he grades the final. good luck padawans
5.0 : Dr. Ross is an excellent instructor and very organized, 50% of the overall grade comes from homework &amp; quizzes. Just do great on the homework &amp; quizzes and mediocre on the exams and you'll get a C or B in the class. Problem is that the exams are tough and free response, which require intense studying. The Final is optional and comprehensive.
4.5 : Great professor. Genetics isn't necessarily an "easy" class, but Dr. Ross is pretty easygoing and does his best to clarify any complexities.
5.0 : This is an easy class just do the work and you will pass. If you do all the work and attend class you will get a B. If you want an A you do the A project which is easier than what he says it is. I recommend you taking him as an English10 professor. No test in the class. Do all your work and at the end of the semester, it will be easy for you.
5.0 : The books we used was an insider guide to academic writing. I actually learned to mix up my style of writing. This class is not a waste of time you will learn something that you might of need clarification on. You also use the new fresno state version of a writers reference which comes in handy.
4.0 : He was a great teacher he provides good explanation on homework. However, his prompts can be a a little confusing for writing. You need to ask questions and he will clear it up.
5.0 : Mr. Henry is an overall badass teacher. He is very intuitive with the way he teaches. Unlike other professors Mr. Henry really does care about his students. He is an incredibly understanding and openminded man. Definitely the best instructor I've ever had at Fresno State.
5.0 : By far, he is my favorite professor at Fresno State! He actually cares for his students and his lectures are always so knowledgeable, interesting, and clear. No tests but 3 big essays! The only thing that sucks is that you must complete ALL work on time to get a B and one last EXTRA project to get an A. You can honestly succeed in this class tho!
4.0 : He is a great professor. He makes lectures easy to understand and helps with your writing and reading. I hate English as a subject but his class was not so difficult. You do have to do every assignment, and reading is essential or else you will be lost in class. The final paper is long but he provides all the help necessary to succeed in this class
5.0 : There was definitely a lot of work in this class but he definitely helped me become a much better writer. Doesn't give any testsquizzes or a final. Grades work based on completion. You have to do a special project at the end of the semester if you want an A.
3.0 : Attendance is mandatory, everything in the class is group based but the writing projects. He assigns readings due each time you meet, blog posts, essays, etc. Something is ALWAYS due. The highest grade you can receive is a B-- for an A you have to do a separate project that you will have to create a website/blog on present etc. Save yourself.
5.0 : Easy A as long as you keep up with homework &amp; essays! Overall a pretty easy class
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had. Really cares about students and makes sure they understand what is expected of them. Funny guy and easy to talk to. He goes beyond just reading and writing too. Has weekly "labor and mindfulness" journals that are designed to help keep you stress free and with a clear mind. Highly recommend!
4.5 : Gives you a grade based off of it being complete
4.0 : In my personal perspective I am not a big fan of English, but I did enjoy this class. I do believe I learned a lot and got really great feed back on my assignments. I learned how to be a "mindful citizen", a thing you will learn in his class , which I do recommend.
4.0 : He assigns a lot of work but he is a very good professor. He is easy going and understands where his students are coming from. He also is willing to listen to what students say . He does assign a lot of work so be ready for that. As long as you keep up you should pass.
4.0 : This was one of my favorite classes this semester! Prof. Henry is great to talk to and gives great advice. NO QUIZZES OR TESTS (just writing)! Everything is based off of completion. He assigns blog posts sometimes and we had 3 papers. Manage your time well and DO NOT PROCRASTINATE. Don't expect a good grade if you're lazy and don't work for it.
5.0 : This class has been one of the favorite class I have taken! Assigns plenty of work, but they are very helpful for doing writing projects. I learned a lot in this course more than I learned in high school, which cleared most of the basic concepts. Takes interest on students who is eager to answer questions. You're grade is based on completion.
5.0 : He has a very unconventional style of teaching and after you spend a few weeks with him, you'll really come to appreciate it. He doesn't do tests or give clear grades, rather he takes a look at your overall participation and effort and grades you like that. He views writing as subjective so you can believe him when he says there are no wrong answer
5.0 : Best teacher I've had at Fresno State. He goes out of his way to explain the content well and make it relatable.
5.0 : Lots of small little projects - but they were fun and you got to work with other students on them. We also met really early in the morning, but I still enjoyed class. I'd definitely take more classes with Therkelsen.
5.0 : Jes is a great professor.  Very helpful, he gives great feedback for all of his projects.  four main units and they all build on each other.  His lectures are fun and he makes sure you retain knowledge about the equipment and information he gives.  I would definitely recommend him to any student wanting a fun and entertaining course.
5.0 : Loved the course! Fun projects and got to use equipment. Jes makes sure you understand, and he's patient.
4.0 : Jes was a great teacher to have, he really knows his stuff about multimedia and he is willing to go out of his way to help his students. Lectures can go a little long, and can feel like they go on forever. However, the projects you are assigned are a blast! You learn a lot from this class.
5.0 : Loved the photojournalism class! Make sure that you dedicate yourself to the work you put in b/c he does grade upon the quality of what is captured. Class was 2 days/wk so kinda mandatory. He's a chill dude who's willing to help you and he is super knowledgeable; great instructor and fantastic photographer!
5.0 : Very Great Professor, I learned so much taking this class and Jes is such an easy person to approach for help.
5.0 : Passionate, helpful and inspiring. He has a clear syllabus that sets the standards for attendance, projects and grading. He is available to provide help in and out of class. It's such a fun and challenging class and you build a great connection with your classmates! I definitely suggest you take his classes!
5.0 : Professor Therkelsen is a very nice guy. He's easy to get along with. There were 4 main projects in total which is audio, photo, video, and online web. They are super easy to do and you can pass that class without even trying. Just follow instructions and you'll be fine.
5.0 : great!
3.0 : Didn't quite to seem to know what he was talking about. Less of a class, more of a workshop.
2.5 : Make sure to show up to class everyday and write down what she puts on the board. The tests are extremely difficult and sometimes there would be questions that we had never seen before. If you don't do well on the first exam, drop the class because your grade won't recover.
4.0 : Nice teacher and she is there if you need help. I thought that some of the tests were tricky. Definitely show up to class for the lectures. Overall the material was easy to understand its just the tests that might lower your grade a bit. Also, show up to class cause the does iclicker quizzes for points. Good class.
5.0 : She's very nice and a good person. Loves math a lot and just got her masters. She's very passionate about what she is teaching and wants everyone to pass the class.
4.0 : Super easy course. She is a great instructor, she reviews if you do not understand and also reviews before exams. Not going to class would mean missing 3-4 chapters so I would not recommend skipping class. I did not have to take the 4th exam nor the final and I still passed with an A, so if you do your homework and go to class you should do great!
5.0 : very down to earth and lectures are great. doesnt really use the textbook so her lectures are taught to help you easily understand. pay attention and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Professor Willis is a great teacher and genuinely wants you to succeed.  She will always answer any question you have.  She makes everything very clear and understandable.  You must study and put in an effort to receive a good grade, but if that wasn't the case she wouldn't be a good teacher.  Great class to take. I recommend it.
4.0 : Very cool and chill! (But she gets super obnoxious when students leave class early.) Overall, if you attend class, pay attention, and ace the homework online, you'll do fine.
5.0 : She does teach at a fast pace, if math is not your thing I recommend you go to office hours. Other than that very fun teacher, very outgoing, acts like a teen! :D Love her!
3.5 : She's awesome. Pretty funny and our classes aren't as boring as usual math classes. She's very helpful. take advantage of her office hours and study! the class isn't that easy, well for me at least. Her tests usually come from the textbook so do practice problems from there.
5.0 : K. Willis is a great math instructor! As long as you attend class and pay attention you will do just fine. She is very clear and is always willing to help anyone with questions. At times she can teach a bit too fast but overall its at a steady pace. Tests are straightforward. One of the few instructors that still seems to care about the students.
3.5 : Karen's  a good teacher. It's math so it's not fun, but she makes it slightly enjoyable. She's super cool.
4.5 : She's awesome! really cares about her students
4.0 : Great professor. Her lectures are pretty good, and she helps you pass! This course is not too easy, but with her help it's doable. She drops your lowest test score in the end, and if you have an A or B you don't have to take the final!!
4.5 : Attendance may not seem mandatory but at the end of the semester, it will bring up your grade by ALOT. The online homework counts for credit. There are about 4 tests, one of which she drops. If you have an A or a B, you don't have to take the final! Just study for the first 3 tests and you're good to go!
5.0 : This professor was kind, inspiring and fun.  You learn a lot with this professor, just beware of pop quizzes.
5.0 : She's super funny, and make lectures really interesting. She assigns 2 papers, which she grades fairly easy- I got almost perfect scores and I'm not that good of a writer. She also has pop quizzes from assigned reading, and your mid term and final are all written (in a blue book) BUT keep in mind she is a fair grader. Take her class if you can!!
5.0 : I loved her French 109 class. Super easy ! Just do all the work that she assigns.
5.0 : She is there to teach you. If you are willing to learn, very helpful and the class is so much fun. I am going to take her class again. Its worth every minutes of it. I love love love her class.
5.0 : Madame Munoz is amazing. Coming into this class as a freshman was really hard because I didn't always understand everything since it's not high school level French. She always makes time to respond to emails and comes over to ask if we understand the materials or the novel. She met with me often and gave great feedback. Realize it's full of grammar
5.0 : Mme Munoz is an amazing teacher. She cares about her students, so you are more interested on learning than on your grades itself. She splits up the 1000 word writing requirement into four parts through the semester so you are not cramming it at the end of the semester. You learn a lot and she is really nice! Love her and would take her again!
5.0 : There are about pop quizzes so make sure you read the material! Only two 2-3 page essays during the semester, 2 tests in class (midterm &amp; final), and maybe about 4-6 short online tests based on videos. She offers A LOT of extra credit so make sure you take advantage of it. Lectures are also very interesting and straight forward.
5.0 : she is a very kind and patient professor. The passion she has for the subject is the biggest reason why I decided to take french 2A next semester. She not only inspired me to take more french courses but also to become a better student overall. Mme. Munoz is one my favorite teachers.
5.0 : Lots of extra credit, very nice teacher. Goes over test day before. A lot of homework but there only so much you need to do get grade points. Very helpful if you don't understand
4.5 : Tatyana is an amazing professor! I got an A in this class, she lets you know what is going to be on the test, and the group project is super easy. Do the homework (online), and go to class and you will pass! She is a sweetheart, and is there for you if you need her for anything.
5.0 : Tatyana is a great professor! She is truly an inspiration to all CSU students. She grades pretty easy just do all the homework ( online) participate in every extra credit assignment. She lets you know what is going to be on the test. Just attend class and you will be fine!!
4.5 : Wonderful professor! She is so willing to help her students with any questions. She goes a bit fast in her lectures, but will slow down if you ask her to. She always has a smile on her face and has such a bright personality! She has a slight accent, but nothing at all to worry about.
4.0 : I'm currently taking her Acct 120A class, so far, it's been easy. Her course consists of 5 exams including the final (optional) and drops the lowest score, LearnSmart and Chapter homework problems all done online. She is a great professor! and I would definitely recommend you to take her class.
5.0 : She is the reason I switched my major to Accounting. I enjoyed her class so much and her teaching style, I walked into her class not knowing what accounting was, now I love every bit of it. Tip to pass, make sure you remember how to do the examples she gives she right before the test, those will be on the test and it is worth a 100 points
5.0 : One of the best Accounting professors I have had thus far. A group project, 4 tests and she drops the lowest one, final is optional, did not need to take. Received an Easy A for this course. Attendance is not mandatory, but she does give extra credit at the end of the semester for showing up. Extra credit after each exam. Definitely take her.
4.0 : Great professor. There to help and answer any questions.
5.0 : Tatyana is absolutely one of the best professors at State.  She's extremely helpful and passionate about teaching.  I took her for Act 4A and fell in love with her teaching style that I just had to take 120A with her.  She assigns a lot of homework but that's expected of any accounting course.  Do the hw and do not skip class!!!
4.5 : Definitely a teacher worth taking over again, course needs studying, but it is not too hard. She has a awesome personality and really cares about her students.
4.5 : She is one of the best professors I have had.  Acct 4a was a breeze.  Gives you a take home test for 30 extra credit points after every test.  15 extra credit points if you attend every class. Easy grader. Do not have to take the final if you like your grade.  Very helpful, doesn't put anyone on the spot.  Always has a good attitude.  Short lecture
4.0 : Tatyana is by far one of the best accounting professors at Fresno State. She drops the lowest exam score and the final is optional if you like your grade after the midterms and projects. I would recommend her if you have a hard time with accounting.
5.0 : Great teacher, the best in the accounting department, highly recommend
4.5 : Really nice and easy going professor. Gives detailed lectures and always goes over practice questions with you that will be seen on tests. Very helpful!!
5.0 : Tatyana is amazing. She is clear and does a good job explaining accounting. The class itself is difficult, but she makes it easier and even offers extra credit. I recommend showing up every day even though attendance doesn't matter because it will help with the homework and exams. She is very nice &amp; helpful and cares. One of the better profs at FS
4.0 : She is an awesome, funny lady who teaches step by step so that the whole class is able to understand. Also she gives extra credit after each exam is taken by redoing the exam with a group. She is willing to help and most of the time does the the homework problems for you in class. Read, study, do homework and get those extra credits.
5.0 : I LOVE HER!! She's really interactive and hands on. Lots and lots of practice in class which helped me a lot since I learn best by doing. She is extremely helpful. Always ensures the class understands the material. By far the best professor I've ever had at Fresno State and I wish I could take her for all my classes!
5.0 : Solid choice for ACCT120A. She goes over plenty of examples in class to ensure you know how to do the math side of accounting. The reading and understanding of accounting will be up to you and the book. Tests are semi-difficult but she offers you extra credit the class after so it's easy to raise your test grade by a full letter. Overall, ez A or B
5.0 : She is fantastic. Straight forward and clear. Expects you to know the material from assigned chapters, learn smart and homework. Plenty of in class practice. Exams are tough but will help you prepare for CPA. Wish I could take for all Acctg course. Highly recommended.
5.0 : She is a lovely professor. She can be easily disappointed, so be appreciative and don't disappoint her; her standards are high, but reasonably high. Ask questions AFTER reading the material. If I had to give positive criticism about her it might be she could cover the basics of each chapter better. BUT THAT'S WHAT OFFICE HOURS/APPOINTMENTS ARE FOR.
5.0 : With out a doubt, by far one of the greatest teachers i have ever had. She wants you to understand and get the material. First day walking in she started lecturing and i was scared to death, ended up getting an A on every single test plus she offers a lot of extra credit! MUST Take her she is adorable!
4.5 : Professor Ryabova was easily one of the better teachers I have had.  If you don't have an interest in this area, she is a good teacher to take because she explains everything so well. She really cares about students which is nice. Also after every test we got to take it again with a group for extra credit. Looking forward to taking her again!
5.0 : Tatyana is by far one of the best professors I have had. She gives you every opportunity to get an A. After each exam, you get to retake it in a group for extra credit and can earn up to 20 points per exam (3). If you are happy with your grade, the final is not required because she drops your lowest test score. Take her if you can. :)
5.0 : If you need to take accounting 4A, take her. She is amazing and a great professor. Her class was fun and enjoyable. The lectures were not boring and very informative. I wish she taught all of the accounting classes. There are extra credits after each tests and attendance is extra credit. One test gets dropped which was the final for me. I got an A
4.5 : This goes for COC &amp; Fresno students. One of the best teachers you'll have. Very helpful &amp; willing to work with you. You just have to show him your effort and that you're trying. You send him bullcrud he'll send it right back your way in a sense of giving you a chance to correct yourself. Increbible instructor! Highly recommend.
3.0 : Great Professor! He's fun and very chill. A relaxed guy who understands students very well. He gives writing assignments and challenges you analytically but he helps you along the way. Most relaxed and easiest class i have ever had. But make sure you read the assigned text.
3.5 : I took Prof Margolis at COC he is a young Prof that makes English super fun. He made a 3 hour Friday class super easy and fun. His lectures are great and never boring he uses visual media in most of his lectures which made it easier to understand. If you participate and do all the work you will get an A. Don't be shy or he will pick on you!
4.0 : Super chill professor. Ff you decided to take English with him you will definitely not regret it. He makes class fun and is very flexible. He has an awesome sense of humor. I definitely recommend him to everyone wanting to not sleep through English class.
5.0 : One of the most understanding professors I have ever had. Really cares for his students, and really helped me open my eyes towards media. Professor margolis is a happy professor who tries to make a joke and get a smile out of you. He also pushes students to do good, be critical thinkers. And honestly he's one of the best professors. Thanks Margolis
5.0 : This guy.  This guy was awesome.  If you work you will pass with a B or better.  It's easy as that.  He makes the class interesting and he really cares.  If you are deciding to take his class or not, well just do it cause you will enjoy that whole semester with him.  Don't hesitate to participate though cause it will eat your grade if you don't.
5.0 : Had him for English 101 AT COC .He was a great teacher. You can get an A if you participate in class. And if you do not participate,  beware he will call on you! There are no tests, we only had one paper which you go over a lot in class. The only homework you have are free write journals. He required some textbooks but we only used one of them once
5.0 : I highly recommend taking this course to fulfill the critical thinking GE requirement. It was much easier to stay organized since this course was hybrid. Her assignments and tests are very straightforward and are similar to the connect assignments. Anthropology is a very interesting topic and she is definitely a phenomenal instructor.
4.5 : I loved taking online anthro with Prof. CB, she was extremely clear about what she wanted and her lecture videos every module were not over bearing but very helpful. Quiz about every week and a few journal entries and reports, 4 exams (pretty easy but last two were tougher) and discussion board. Awesome prof, would strongly recommend taking her!
5.0 : This class was great! I loved SCB class &amp; her passion for the subject you could tell in her lectures she enjoys what she does. 4 exams, discussion board, book required because of the access code (book is $100+) and I believe two major projects. Stay organized &amp; ask questions she is on top of her work &amp; always replies within 1-2 days max. take it!
5.0 : Dr. Colby is one of the best professors that I've enjoyed. She does make the class very fun and interesting. You do gain a lot of knowledge from her lectures, as well as comprehending with what you've learned inside and outside of class. Although this is a hybrid course, the work has an easy flow. Lots of writing too, but worth it.
4.5 : SLCB was always very helpful and her directions were very clear. Connect assignments and quizzes every week with weekly deadlines. Easy online class.
4.0 : Her hybrid class is very easy. Her lectures are exactly test related and informative. She is very enthusiastic.
5.0 : SLCB is an amazing teacher. For this class being an online class she made it extremely simple to understand. She did a great job organizing each week so you knew exactly what it was that needed to be done. You do need to buy the book for the online code. I would definitely recommend taking her class it has changed my outlook on this field of study.
5.0 : SLCB is one of the nicest and funniest people you'll ever meet. She makes her lectures seem fun and exciting. Most of all, she's like an open book. Nearly all of her tests and assignments are straightforward and easy to understand. Because it's a hybrid course, I had no problem doing my work in class and online, but it was an easy process.
4.0 : Great teacher. She's very enthusiastic about her teaching. It's very easy to follow. She's there for you and understanding.
4.5 : This professor is one of the most amazing instructors I have had. she's a great person and has a strong passion for what she teaches. this class is a MUST TAKE!
5.0 : Amazing professor. Very easy. offers a lot of little easy assignments so if you don't do well in exams you'll still pass the class. Best professor on campus!
4.0 : good teacher, lots of reading
4.5 : Amazing she is.
5.0 : I wish he werent so obsessed with attendence. But besides that, he is
5.0 : One of the easiest classes here at Fresno State. Take a few mins. for practicing the material and you're golden. Would definitely take it again.
4.0 : TAKE HER CLASS! Mrs. McEwen is a GREAT professor! She uses Blackboard to assign all her homework, so make sure you're on top of checking it weekly. Tests are from lecture and blackboard.  There are plenty of intriguing guest speakers. Attendance is mandatory to pass! Class projectspapers done in groups. Good luck!
4.5 : The best teacher I have had! She knows what she is talking about and I learned lots of new information that I can take on to my Career. Keep up on assignments and check Black Board on the regular. She pushes you to tare apart everything in the class, might come across hard but if you do the work and participate you will do fine!
3.5 : I am so lucky I had her as my Chemistry Lab instructor! She is the only reason why I passed chemistry&amp;understood some of the material. She really tries to help you understand the concepts &amp; will stay with you after class if you need the help. She also had weekend study sessions which are helpful. Take her, I totally recommend her. Best lab teacher!
5.0 : had bad lecture teacher, but i asked her questions and she made it so much easier. super nice and clear on instructions. gives full credit for trying on homework. loves to answer questions. overall just one of the best professors I've ever had. highly recommend her especially if chem is not your best subject
4.5 : I absolutely love Julie! She is the best lab instructor, chemistry is a hard subject but she really goes above &amp; beyond to help her students.l understand the topics. She has review sessions, so going to them gives you a better chance of passing the quizzes with a good score.
5.0 : Julie is awesome! I wish I could take her with me to my biochemistry. I had to retake chemistry for having a bad lecture and lab instructor which left me with a 61% in lab and with Julie it was the same material and I got a 96% in lab! She sets up a quiz review session on the weekends on her own time just so her students understand the material!
5.0 : Julie is the best! Her teaching style is most favored because she explains everything step by step, and crystal clear. She even gives multiple examples and lets you know what kind of problems you might run into. Her Saturday reviews are awesome, it's the only reason I got 100% on all but one quiz. She's really helpful and there for you! (:
5.0 : What can I say, Julie was an amazing lab instructor.  She was beyond helpful and kind.  Always answered questions about lab material and even lecture. She made all concepts clear to understand.  Her review sessions are super helpful because they will help a lot on the quizzes.  I definitely recommend that you take lab with her.
4.0 : Probably the best Chem Lab Instructor. PLEASE PLEASE take it with her she's the only reason I passed chemistry. She cares so much she even made me a PowerPoint one time on a subject I didn't understand! WITHOUT ME asking for it She really cares about your grade and makes you understand! I wouldn't have passed chem without her! Definitely recommend.
5.0 : Julie Steele is an AMAZING professor. She cares about her students, and will do her best to answer any questions you might have. She makes most things make sense in class, and loves to help you if you need it. She knows what she is talking about, and knows how to teach it. I highly recommend her, and would definitely take her again.
5.0 : Julie Steele is an amazing lab instructor! Really cares about her students and wants them to understand. She helps you if needed and really teaches it clearly step by step. I absolutely enjoyed her lab and she's really sweet! I definitely recommend her for your chemistry lab.
4.5 : One of the most sweetest professors I ever met!! She is truly amazing.
5.0 : she is the sweetest person in fresno state. she will understand you if you have any problems in ur life. super nice!
5.0 : Professor Arisian is the gem of Fresno State.  Her test are easy to follow if you study and pay attention in class.  I would love for her to teach other business courses!
5.0 : She is one of the best professors at Fresno State. She is clear on what she expects, and is an amazing teacher. Test are simple as long as you follow along in class on PPs and look through the book. She gives great feed back. As long as you go to class and you try you will pass this class. Wish she taught more business classes!
4.5 : She's a great professor. Exams were off from what we learned in class. Overall, this class teaches you really good oral and written communication skills. Take her and you will learn a lot. 1 project paper (8-10 pgs), 3 exam, 1 final, and few amount of short assignments.
3.0 : I mean she is really nice and caring for each student. However, she is a very tough grader.
5.0 : She is the best! The class was a breeze, super easy to pass. Easiest BA105W instructor out there FOR SURE!
4.0 : Get ready to write. The writing assignments are simple, but she is a tough grader. You have one report (5-6 pages long) due towards the end of the semester. Other than that, she is a very sweet lady who cares about her students and the subject.
5.0 : BA 105w easy course that you just need to do the work and it is an easy A. Very lenient grader and group project that is very simple to complete. Mainly power point lectures and some group activities but all relatively easy. 2 tests and a final that are given with study guides that are completely helpful.
5.0 : She is such an awesome teacher; I definitely recommend her class. She cares about every single one of her students and wants them to gain as much knowledge as possible. This is a perfect class to take before you enter the work field. She is very passionate about this material, and it makes learning fun. Also, the work assigned is not overwhelming.
4.5 : Professor Arisian is so nice and sweet! Her class is a lot of busy work but it is fairly easy. She is always willing to help you if you need help. 1 semester project and presentation besides all the writing and 3 tests. Easy class do the work and pass. I only studied of powerpoints and got an A.
5.0 : She is an amazing instructor and cares about her students.  This is a writting class, so there will be papers, but nothing crazy.  This class prepares you to be able to communicate professionally.  Great teacher, would take her classes again.
5.0 : Very easy class! Very much loved it with her teaching. Although class might be boring, the examples in class will appear on the exams and the final exam will be different, so just do the examples to get the hang of it.
5.0 : I loved her class. Her lectures are helpful and i like that she didn't give us as much homework. Her grading is reasonable. I would definitely recommend her.
5.0 : Excellent and fair teacher who makes the subject matter relevant and interesting.  Also provides superb and differentiated instruction when tutoring is requested.  Attend all classes and lectures, classwork, and exams tie together and are manageable.  Great class!
5.0 : She is awesome. Tests are similar to the assignments in class. Not that much homework and when there is she shows you how to do it. Study for quizzes and exams so you can ace them! Allows you to use a page of notes for the exams. She is willing to help. P.S. shes pretty too.
5.0 : She is so helpful! The examples she uses are very relevant and relate well to real world. I love how easy it is to talk to her about the materials during class. She is intelligent, gorgeous looking, and very helpful ! I'm glad I took her class !
5.0 : Definitely one of the best lab instructors at state. Ask him questions if you're unclear and he'll try and help you out. Let's you run on your own and do pretty much what you want. Grades more then fare giving partial credit good guy good instructor. I wouldn't want to take anyone else for general chem.
5.0 : Brian Shamp was my professor at Clovis Community Center. He's a very helpful teacher, who's is always their for you when you need help in trying to grasp the Chapter. He gives extra credit which I understand not many Chemistry teachers do. Gets you prepared for you upcoming test by giving you a study guide, similar to test. Definitely recommend!
5.0 : supper fun and easy
5.0 : She is adorable and really tries to make the class as fun as possible. There are 5 challenge days (1 mile, when you finish you can leave) and a midterm, but we played capture the flag and had a scavenger hunt too. Some days it is just a 30 minute run or interval training. Easy class and she mixes it up well, I enjoyed it!
5.0 : Katie is amazing!  Work hard for your A and make sure to come to class because absents do add up causing you to miss points.  She does a grading scale that's efficient and lenient to what the class wants, so you guys choose it in the beginning of the semester.  She cares a lot for her students.
4.5 : Loved this teacher! She's great!
4.5 : Katie is a great professor,really helpful and always in a good mood. Take her:)
5.0 : Very nice teacher and she is always there if you need input for you research papers. There are 3 writing prompts that are from 1000 to 2400 words but they aren't very hard to write. You read from the book and articles that she gives you. Overall I thought it was a very good and easy class. She was very helpful and lectures were really enjoyable.
4.5 : Katie is awesome at giving you feedback. If you need help doing your research paper, she will help u come up with topics and what evidence to use. We did blogs as part of our hw, it was easy and fun! About 300 words per blog. If you are confused about something just ask her, she's always willing to help. Just try your best and you'll pass.
5.0 : Amazing teacher! Extremely helpful, she'll help you if you're doing bad. Show up to class because it is mandatory. Do all your work and you can totally pass. Love her and highly recommend her.
5.0 : I had Katie as my first semester English prof and she is by far the best! She gave plenty of assignments but they were all really easy to do. She really cares about her students and tries her best to help them in any area they struggle in when it comes to writing. She gives excellent feedback when you ask and her class is an easy A.
4.5 : Katie is an extremely cool and chill person and I am glad that I was able to take her class. She is extremely reasonable, understanding, and chill.  The thing I liked most about her was that for major papers she let's you decide what you want to write about. There is homework, but it's fairly easy to keep up with. I would definitely recommend her.
5.0 : Katie is an excellent instructor. From the beginning she was VERY HELPFUL. The subjects we touched were super interesting and controversial. I was always excited to come to class! Which is weird, considering that I hated English prior to this course. Homework isn't the easiest but not the hardest either.
5.0 : Katie is hands down one of the best teachers I've had. Took her class at Willow and was very pleased. There is homework after each class meeting but it is very simple. Also we had 2 major papers which she gives great feedback on. As long as you do your work and show that you're putting in effort you will pass!
5.0 : She is a really good  teacher which can be difficult on line,the  material is delivered in a professional way and her abilities are apparent and helpful, including her teaching style and ability to convey the material clearly.
5.0 : Katie is an awesome professor with a really nice personality! If you have any questions, she will answer them and make sure you understand. She takes the time to deeply explain her lectures and relates it to her life as well, awesome for those who need examples in that form. Her class is fun, entertaining, it's one of the few to look foward to!
5.0 : Katie is a great professor, she makes the class as easy as possible in reasonable way. She is very helpful and as long as you do all your work, you'll definitely pass the class! I got an A
5.0 : Katie is possibly the best English teacher I have ever had! Her class is challenging but enjoyable at the same time. She is hilarious and actually made me want to go to class. Katie gives amazing feedback and is very helpful. Her curriculum is actually useful &amp; makes sense. All you have to do is put in work &amp; effort &amp; you'll definitely pass. DUH
5.0 : Katie was such a great teacher! She gives such great feedback, and really cares about her students. Katie is great at explaining what is expected of her students and grades fairly. She is one of the best teachers I have ever had and made English much more interesting than I ever thought it could be.
4.0 : Pretty easy class, she is not a tough grader and sometimes requires you to attend class cause she'll take roll randomly. Papers aren't hard to do, she helps you out a lot. I would recommend taking her class, she actually helps you learn MLA format which is really convenient.
5.0 : I do not regret one second of taking this class. Katie Beberian works through a grading contract, so you are not constantly stressed about how tough she grades. She gives amazing feed back to the two essays you do the whole semester, and she has helped me grow as a writer.
5.0 : Katie Beberian is the BEST teacher you could ever have for english!! She's so chill and easy going, its impossible not to love her. English 10 is going to be some work don't get me wrong but all the class topics are interesting and she's very helpful. If you get her class, consider yourself BLESSED. Im going to miss sitting by her desk :(
5.0 : Take her if you get to choose! Her class was my favorite class to go to! It is really laid back. She is so sweet and funny! Her teaching style is easy to follow. Papers are not bad at all and she is always willing to help. The workshops that we have in class also help a lot towards papers. Homework was very manageable and not hard. Loved this class
5.0 : Katie is so chill, I loved english 10. It sometimes made me question whether I wanted to become an English major. Homework is easy! and the essays have a schedule so if you use your time wisely you'll pass.
5.0 : katie is an awesome teacher &amp; i would definitely recommend her! she is very specific on everything she assigns and very helpful. The first day of school she made it seem like the class was hard and it was a lot of work but i loved this class. as long as you do the work and go to class you'll get an A! she is also easy going definitely a fav so far
4.0 : Economy 40 is a tough class! Mr. Brueggemann made it easy to learn. If you don't understand something ask!the 1 paper that is required for this class can be tough if you don't understand, I recommend starting on it asap. Talk to him, he wants all his students to learn and be able to apply to real life situations. HW is study guide, similar to exam.
3.5 : I took the professor before &amp; I like the way the professor input his real life situation into the teaching. He doesn't go in dept (only outline) so read the book. No HW &amp; Final, but 3 EXAMS. 1 group project (paper and presenting) &amp; 1 Country news presentation. Take your textbook to class, take notes, do your projects on time and you will be fine.
3.5 : 4 hw, 3 exams, 1 final &amp; 1 paper. That's it. He gives you extra pts on the tests &amp; hw, so as long as you bought the textbook (YES YOU NEED IT!) and READ IT, you will be fine. He's a funny guy that talks about life lessons, China (cause he went working there), and sports. Overall, do your work and go to class, and you will be fine. Good luck!
3.5 : Took ECON 50 with him and now taking ECON 40 with him. That's how much I like his teaching. Similar assignments as ECON 40. He's quite different from the usual professors that only lecture on the topic. He talks about getting ready for life and how econ will benefit you and such. Interesting guy. BTW bring the book to class. Will be helpful.
5.0 : AMAZING. I thought i was going to fail because econ is hard, but this man made it so easy and i totally understood everything. Managed to get a B in tests. WOULD LOVE IF HE TAUGHT EVERY CLASS. :(
2.5 : Class was super hard to understand and the tests were 100 questions.  The professor is cool and tries to help whenever you ask.  the book is used everyday, and there is homework assigned online.
4.0 : Great Professor. Very considerate and understanding. You have to read in order to pass, and I advise asking questions all the time; it helps.
4.0 : Awesome teacher. Econ is hard but he makes it easier to understand. He gives you 50 points if you just go to class. If you skip more than 5 classes, it drops down to 40 and eventually to 0 if you keep missing. 3 homework assignments, 3 tests, and the homework assignments (study guides) are exactly like the test. Study and go to class and you pass.
5.0 : Not your traditional teacher. He went to a top 10 MBA program and was at a hedge fund in China so he has lots of experiences he will talk about in class. Tests are more on the tricky side compared to other classes but if you study well enough and do well on the hw and essay you should be able to get an A or B. Very good at explaining economics.
3.0 : Class is not easy I would defiantly recommend attending every class. The test are 100 questions and are not easy. Make sure you read the book
4.0 : A great professor and an even better person! Classes include one or two group projects about cultural awareness which are pretty interesting. Also, has exams but learn the bold words and you'll be fine. He talks a lot about his own experiences in the real world which is very interesting due to countries he has been to.
5.0 : This class has been one of the toughest that I have taken since being at the university. The test are challenging, you really need to study for them, even though he is really helpful and gives you good feedback.
5.0 : Professor Brueggemann was the best Economics professor I've taken thus far. His grading is fair and straight forward, and he is good at explaining things in his lectures. This is generally a tough course, but he makes it easy to understand. He only makes you learn what you have to know and the tests are based on the homework so it's fairly simple.
5.0 : This class is not easy, but Brueggemann is an excellent professor. He really wants you to succeed and seems like a professor who is on your side. The subject of economics is not very exciting, but he always finds a way to connect it back to real life. I definitely would recommend taking economics with him over any other business professor I've had.
1.5 : He believes all students are already know everything about Macroeconomic. There are four homework, three midterms and final all of 'em are hard. Lectures aren't clear and ways used to explain things aren't good also boring.
5.0 : Regina is a gem. She cares about her students and loves to talk about her personal life so it makes her more approachable. Shes the teacher that you can have as a mentor after the class is over, she WANTS to see you succeed in life. Two tests, no homework, one group paper. The exams were difficult. STUDY. But enjoyable class.
4.5 : She has lots of real life management experiences. Her tests are tough, but there is weekly homework that isn't bad and that helps offset, I'm not a test taker. and I'm on course to get an A. Attendance helps because she'll mention that something may be on the test. Good luck, she's great!!
2.0 : She is an interesting person with a sense of humor, however I found the content of her lectures to be very dry, therefore I relied heavily on my own reading of the textbooks.  I did not feel motivated in this class and am just glad it's over!
5.0 : Absolutely wonderful professor! Professor Burch-Konda is engaging, comical, and experienced. Take her class!!
4.5 : She is a great teacher. Lots of real life examples, sense of humor, clear on grading and requirements. Not easy but not bad if you read the material.  All the PPTs were available online and used in the lectures. Minimal group stuff. Just one more class left, and if I do well on final (not cumulative) I'm on track to get an A.  Highly recommended!
5.0 : Great teacher, but man the tests are rough. You really have to study to get an A on a test, I don't think anyone got an A on one all semester. Lectures are interesting, she's very nice and knows her stuff, just get ready to study if you want an A in the class. And go every day, participation makes or breaks your grade in the end!
5.0 : I enjoyed Professor Burch-Konda's labs because she has an inviting personality. She is a great lecturer. She really cares about her students passing and is very understanding, but she is no pushover.
3.5 : She is a very  nice and interesting person. She has a lot of practical experiences. But its absolutely no easy class. She expects you to work, read and be intent in the lectures. The exams are very hard and even if you study its not easy to get a good grade. She also said in her first class that she usually dont give As.
4.5 : Easy class. Just follow her guideline for paper and presentation
5.0 : Great professor. She gives plenty of examples from her real life experiences that help you remember topics and she is very funny. You need to write 5 2 page papers at 20 points each but they are not hard if you follow the guidelines. Test are very straight forward and you are given a study guide. Would totally recommend this professor.
5.0 : puts effort to teachings
5.0 : Love her. She is such an inspiration. Such a fun class even at night. She is a very understanding professor and I wish she taught more classes
4.0 : Karen is amazing. She is super lenient and understanding. She loves to have a good time in  class. She goes off topic a bit but it is super funny. She gives major hints during lecture of what is going to be on the test. She also goes over the test before hand and gives a few answers. Take her class she is funny!!!
4.5 : She is helpful, you do have to study and know material for test.
5.0 : Karen is amazing!!! I would take her again.  We do a lot of readings, and class participation but overall her class is amazing!!!! She usually lets you out early not all the time but sometimes. Easy grader just do all your work.
5.0 : I really enjoyed her class. You do have homework every week in the form of a journal entry. Its really easy. Three easy papers and she goes over all the material on the tests the meeting prior. The book is very important and all the videos/blackboard articles are on the test so make sure to look over those. She's very funny and interesting.
5.0 : Karen is a great a instructor had her for Spring 2013 and I pass the class with an A while I took Nancy's class Fall 2012 and failed with a "F". She is way more chill than other rec dept staff.
5.0 : Great professor! I came into English hating the subject but now I love it, she makes everything interesting and the majority of her essays are easy to write. I'd definitely recommend her.
4.0 : Leslie is a cool nice professor, BUT she assigns so much work, like shell make you read and annotate about 25 pages,  like every day, every other day you get lucky and shell only make you read and annotate about 5 to 10 pages but thats if youre lucky. There are about 4 major essays each semester. She gives homework every, single, dreadful day.
3.5 : if you can, take english 10 , because you are literally doing four times the work in this class as opposed to english 10 with another professor.
5.0 : Professor Santikian is an amazing professor and I look forward to her class every week! I went into this class thinking that I was not a good fiction writer but she gives great feedback that truly helps your writing. There is homework every day but they don't take more than an hour or two to do. She also gives plenty of extra credit if you need it.
4.0 : As an incoming freshman, I recommend you take her. She is very caring and her class isn't hard at all. Offers a lot of extra credit. You do get homework every day but it isn't hard, I also recommend get textbooks online.
5.0 : Professor Santikian is a very awesome teacher. She is very nice and cool. Very open-minded. Make sure to do all your work. Very helpful on essays. She provides a lot of research in class for the essays. The reading and annotating is a lot, but that is fine. If you need help, go to her office hours.
5.0 : Her class was awesome. Very inspirational and she doesn't judge you on what you say. Very easy as long as you're on top of everything. I recommend her! She's awesome!
5.0 : Loved this class! Leslie is an amazing professor. I enjoyed coming to class every day because her lectures are so fun and engage the whole class in conversations. She's funny and caring and overall a very nice person. Don't worry if you aren't a great writer to begin with because she doesn't expect you to be. Take this class! Buy the books online.
5.0 : Leslie is dedicated to teaching she always made her lectures fun, inspiring and engaging. We always discussed controversial topics that were useful sources. I also found writing workshops really helpful. We did have a lot of homework but since she always gave clear instructions it was never anything difficult. I recommend you take her class.
5.0 : Leslie is great teacher. So down to earth and caring. Very clear about what she wants and is more than willing to help you with any question you have inside and outside of the classroom. Also, she is very funny, talkative (in a good way), she makes class go by fast, really nice, just really a great persona ll around. Easy A-B. Take class with her!!
5.0 : I absolutely love Leslie! She's such a gem. Honestly my favorite teacher as a freshman. She does give a bit of work but it'll all be worth it. Do all your work and put effort and no doubt you'll pass. She's honestly amazing!!!
5.0 : If you guys want a teacher that will help you improve, here's your chance. I loved being in this class because I got to see that fine piece of a. I'm telling you guys, she's thicc and and you're going to want to eat that cake every day. She's very attractive and I was always turned on.
5.0 : Santikian is a really great professor. You can only miss three unexcused classes and after that you fail (she says it on her syllabus). she is extremely passionate about writing and she tends to give you homework every night, but its really easy. you learn to leave this professor. Great sense of humor which makes the class fun. Highly RECCOMEND her
5.0 : Leslie is probably my favorite professor! She's so cute and very passionate. We have home work 9/10 times but it's not too hard. For English 10 we have 4 major papers. One is 4 pages, another is 8, and the last one is 5. The Midterm Portfolio is basically another redo on one of your papers and a reflection on the class. Highly recommend!
5.0 : A really great professor! She cares a lot about her students and if you have trouble with writing like I did, believe me when I say she considers the effort to be key. Not a hard class at all.
5.0 : I really recommend this teacher! She's always there to help. No tests, just a couple portfolios. She teaches really well. Its a pass or fail class. She does give homework daily but they are simple assignments. Take her class! She gives 5 days to miss unexcused.
4.0 : She's super nice and super easy. If you don't understand anything, just go to her after class and talk, she'll help you through and answer the questions you have. IF she doesn't have the answers to your question, she'll let you know during the next class, She's really chill.
5.0 : Prof. Leslie is an awesome professor! I would definitely take her for English 5A and 5B! There is homework every night. Credit/No credit class. Provides a lot of feedback on essays which is very helpful. Three main Projects and a Midterm Portfolio. Stay on top of readings and homework and the class should be easy for you. There's
5.0 : She is an amazing professor! Had her at Clovis Community College, and she was a very inspirational professor. i HIGHLY RECOMMEND! She taught me to take my writing seriously and helped me develop a clear understanding of my purpose in writing. Clear and straight to the point, and gives amazing feedback.
5.0 : She is understanding and so kind. Very passionate about literature and gives honest feedback. I had the best discussions in this class. She is very liberal and open minded. I grew so much as a writer in this class. She inspired me to try and publish my own work. Always available outside of class and gives a lot of fun extra credit. Very relatable
5.0 : She's an AMAZING prof. There was hw every class and some online work, but it is easy and effortless. 3 papers, and final is 1 out of the 3 papers revised to its best, with a short letter to her. I hated English and writing papers, but she made me love it and enjoy the class. I genuinely loved sitting in and laughed every single lecture
4.5 : Mrs. Beals is a tough grader and makes you work for it. It is tough to get an A. There is a lot of reading to do and there is a PECHA KUCHA presentation, 3 long papers, and  the final is a portfolio, that for me ended up being 20+ pages. She does not believe in tests. take this class at your own risk. OVER AND OUT.
5.0 : Emily Beals is my absolute favorite professor. She's so helpful, kind and understanding. Her class may not be the easiest or hardest but, she does make you work for your grade. As long as you try and show her you care, you will have an A in the class promise :)
5.0 : She is very helpful and her activities are pretty cool. If you go to most of the class periods and work hard there is a high chance of you getting an A. I have not seen her mad or upset, she always has a positive attitude.
5.0 : She is a very enthusiastic teacher and you can tell she loves her job and her students. Very helpful and doesn't give out too much work. She is clear on her assignment and she is their to help you if you need help. Just complete her work on time, go to class, and ask for help and you will pass.
5.0 : She is a great teacher a lot of reading and writing but it is an english class what do you expect. Very nice and helpful. You do need the books the hw and reading journals came out of that.
4.5 : Mrs. Beals is a great teacher, very spiritual and always positive. She pushes her students to strive for the best and teaches self compassion. Her class is a lot of work, but all she wants is you to do it.  If you put the effort in and do all of the work you are guaranteed a B she tells you that. I learned a lot from Mrs. Beals.
4.0 : Many writing assignments but they are super easy. Definetely recommend Beals, always helpful, responds to emails quick, open to suggestions, and she will give you the grade that you deserve!
5.0 : Professor Beals is the best english professor I've ever had. She is a great teacher and is so nice and understanding. As long as you go to class and do all of the reading + the work, you will defiantly not struggle. This class is fast paced but really fun to take and challenging but in a good way. I learned a lot about myself thanks to her.
5.0 : Mrs. B is one of the best English teachers you'll ever have on this campus. She's like a mother and best friend to each and every one of her students. Lots of work, but you learn from them. You earn the grade you work for. 2 big papers, one pecha kucha presentation and a portfolio. Always there to help and make sure to have a Twitter!
4.5 : I totally recommend taking Mrs. Beals  she is such an amazing teacher and person! She is really helpful and really cares for her students. Taking this course taught by Ms. Beals has really changed my life. She made me want to become an English major. TAKE THIS CLASS you won't regret it!
5.0 : Mrs. Beals is such an amazing teacher. I've never felt so welcomed in a classroom before, like she made me feel. She's super nice and helpful. Always available to answer any questions you have. A lot of reading assignments, but it's nothing anyone can't do. Easy class overall. Definitely pick her!!!!
5.0 : This was by far one of the hardest classes I've taken. Not because of the difficulty but because of the workload. There's so much reading that you need to do &amp; there's a lot of work along with those readings. Defiantly fast-paced. You have to work for your grade &amp; if you miss a day, you miss a lot. Her avg. grade is a B.
4.5 : Had the professor Emily Beals for Summer Bridge and took her University 20 class for about 3weeks. She is an excellent teacher and I can say there are not many professors as great as she is! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND!  -love you Bealsss!!!! ACADEMY 4 2015!!!
4.5 : Mrs. Beals is one of the most best teacher I've met. She really brightens your day up with her funny class, but also she can be straight up with you as a teacher and person. She gives you valuable life lessons. Her class work makes you think in the good way. you defiantly will learn and It's not hard, just put effort into it and you'll pass. #aca4
5.0 : Mrs. Beals in definitely recommend  to take a class with, she is so easy to work with and she makes the class 10 times better!!
4.5 : Very helpful teacher. I enjoyed doing mindful breathing. She is very nice and is here to help you achieve some reading skills.
5.0 : Amazing teacher! She is very spiritual and relaxing. I recommend taking her class, she will help you as much as possible. Beals is a really cool teacher. Just follow the instructions and read what your suppose to and you'll be fine
5.0 : She truly is an amazing and patient teacher. I have learned so much from her spiritually and creatively.
4.5 : I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS CLASS! she is the best teacher i've had and she brightens up your day! The class work is harder than a eng 5a/5b class, but she makes it easy! she works very well with the students and is always willing to help you!
4.5 : Mrs. Beals is a awesome teacher and respects all her students. she does not believe in tests, there are essays though and one presentation. She makes you work for your grade. There is reading but I have not even opened my book yet because she doesn't check it or do quizzes. she's very inspirational, I recommend her!
5.0 : One of the most amazing teachers I've ever had. There is A LOT of work, but you really will learn from it. Overall one of the best classes I've taken and I do not regret it at all.
5.0 : Great attitude, super caring, sweet, probably the best English professor you can possibly have throughout college years. She is very understanding, her class will not  only teach you how to be a better writer, but a better student and citizen.
4.0 : Mrs. Beals is an amazing teacher that really cares for her students. She is very clear on what is expected of you in the class and as long as you follow her criteria, you will pass the class with an A.
5.0 : Professor Beals is a great instructor. She will probably be the best English professors you will ever have. The class is fast paced and overwhelming at times, but she will be there to guide you along. She is caring of her students and wants them to succeed. If you are looking to improve your writing skills, then Professor Beals is the right choice.
3.0 : Moderately easy class. I was one of Mr. Johansson's former Econ students back in (Mclane) high school and the material he taught back then was similar to what he is currently teaching. Although this course was a bit challenging, you'll learn a lot of material. Pay really close attention!
5.0 : I got to say at first wasn't sure about taking this professor due to the previous comment about the professor.  However, in the end I didn't have a choice and end up taking this professor and I actually enjoyed it.  He is super helpful and fair with the class work.  Just show up to class and you will do good. I passed the class with an A.
4.0 : I was not one of his former students in high school. But based on the material he teaches, I would say college economics is way different. It was one of the courses I've enjoyed and basically, you just need to show up, pay attention, and you'll do fine. Very helpful overall, and this professor wasn't too difficult.
4.0 : Johansson is a high school economics and government teacher, but college economics is a bit different than high school economics. His lectures are not at all complicated; basically reading the book and utilizing your notes. His quizzes and tests are questions from his lectures and notes, so do write down whatever important info he mentions.
3.0 : Got a good sense of humor. Lectures are fun&amp;easy to understand but tests are worded kinda differently that I get confused. Sometimes stuff on hw he didn't teach us in class. He will expect you to read the book. QUIZ EVERY CLASS SESSION. That's what killed me. Overall should pass if you go to class everyday and pay attention.
5.0 : Honestly, TAKE THE NIGHT CLASS. He is so good at teaching econ and he cares about what he's teaching and who he's teaching it to. There's only 3 one page papers and quizzes every week but they aren't that hard. I 100% recommend taking the night class with Johansson
5.0 : Best professor I've had. He gives a quiz each class meeting based on what he went over during the prior lecture. Go over your notes before taking it and you will be fine. These came in very helpful in the end. Both the midterm and final were the exact same questions from the quizzes. He gives amazing lectures, so take good notes. Must go to class.
5.0 : His lectures are very good and easy to follow along. You don't have to buy the book for his class to pass, I just used the notes I took in class. Keep all your quizzes because they are going to show up on finals.
5.0 : Jessica is a sweetheart! She makes the class interesting w/ her lectures, which gives you some ideas you can include on your papers. The class could be a little fast-paced sometimes, but the work isn't too bad. She also encourages students to express yourselves in your writing and have fun. Also provides helpful feedback on revisions.
4.5 : Good professor who encourages you to use your creative writing skills. Alot of writing and reading but it pays off cause you'll need it in your shortstory Professor is really involve in class and make sure everyone understands whats given. Grading is really easy, as long as you put in the effort, you pass. LOVED THIS CLASS. Attendance is important
5.0 : She is an amazing teacher and is very personable. As my first class ever taken in college she was a great introduction to it. We have no tests. But boy do we have assignments, but don't worry if you like writing it will be a fun class from her. I look up to her so much and I learned a lot! This class made me want to be a creative writing minor.
4.5 : Great guy super helpful. He tries to get down into detail when it comes to explaining.
4.5 : Great teacher, very interesting class.
3.5 : Newer, younger professor. Dr. Vermote's lectures may be a bit boring. Obtain notes from others for any lectures skipped, as that material will likely be on exams. Extremely generous in his support of students. Opportunites for extra credit were given to students who applied themselves.
3.0 : He'll help you if you ask. Don't know him on a personal level, you might want to if you want a good grade. Better memorize everything for those tests. Write 900 word summaries before most classes, and he'll randomly choose you to turn it in that day. Hope you don't have a busy schedule when taking this class, you're gonna need all the time you get.
3.0 : All of his courses should be named, "The History of China" because thats all he teaches. He is an interesting man, and his class at times can be very interesting. But if you signed up for World History, its actually Chinese History, with some aspects of the world thrown in. A lot of his assignments  are unrealistic for 3% of a grade.
4.5 : Very interesting topic. Vermote is very helpful and approachable. Seeing as not many people know much about the topic, nor read Chinese, he relaxes his standards on primary sources. Pay attention, take good notes, and ask questions. He is a fair grader, but don't slack off too much or he'll nail your grade
4.0 : As a history major I LOVE this professor, BUT know that you do have to work for your grade. NOT an easy A but is very willing to help if you as for it.
5.0 : Vermote is  an excellent instructor and also keeps class interesting at all times. Usually, you work in small groups doing activities on Google Docs. You need to read the textbook to pass this class. You get a midterm, two 1000 word chapter summaries, and a final. Be prepared with the text having been read or else you'll feel out of place.
4.0 : He's pretty chill and definitely a great lecture. Just do the work, mandatory attendance, and participate in class and you will do A OK!
5.0 : Dr. Vermote is an excellent teacher. His lectures are clear and he makes the class interesting. He makes time to help students outside of class. His style of teaching is something new and encourages participation. Overall, he is a great addition to the History department.
4.5 : I really enjoyed this class. Dr. Vermote is very helpful and his class was very interesting. He doesn't like to bore his students with super long lectures so he creates fun activities and group exercises which actually help to retain all the information he presents. He grades a little strict so come to class, read the book, and participate!
5.0 : Participation and attendance are a must! Grades are NOT weighted evenly, so read the syllabus well. Class was mostly notes and a movie, but will assign quizzes or work if he knows you don't keep up with the reading. Final was a take-home essay. Waits until the last day to submit grades. Now I have to wait even longer for grad school decisions.
5.0 : Dr. Vermote is a great professor who will do his best to help you achieve your potential. He is very knowledgeable and his lectures are informative. He does grade heavy on participation, so raise your hand and speak up. He makes you do a lot of group projects too.
5.0 : Every week he expects at least a 900 word summary on the chapter assigned. He will randomly choose you 3 times to turn it in. He does give you 3 passes in case you didn't have time to do the summary. If you are busy, I suggest not taking this class. 1 midterm, 1 final. Reading quizzes on Blackboard. Fridays are usually online. He is very kind.
5.0 : Dr. Vermote is a tough grader. There is a weekly summary for every chapter. No way you will pass the class without reading so you BETTER read. He is a very great teacher though. He just wants to better students knowledge and wants what is best for you. I would really recommend him. I will certainly take him again.
5.0 : 3 Summaries over chapter must be turned in (gives 3 passes if you did not do them). He will give you feedback on your summary. His midterm and final are not multiple choice. So you have to read the chapters. Tests include identifying 5 places on a map, 3 ID questions, and 1 short essay. He will give you a study guide and time to prepare.
4.0 : Vermote is super entertaining and all his lectures feel enjoyable. His quizzes and tests are free answer, which can be difficult. There is also A LOT of reading. But it's such an amazing and insightful course. I would definitely take if you're interested in Chinese history without Western Bias.
3.0 : Don't take this class if you're busy. It is very time consuming and you truly have to work for your grade. There are two test the midterm and final, both are short answer, No Multiple choice. He randomly picks students to turn in a 900 word summary a week, so be prepared to read.
3.0 : There is too much work involved. All the reading and writing is just regurgitation. I don't feel like I am really getting much out of the class. He's nice, and his lectures are very good. I would prefer more class time and less outside work. Some of the class time is online, but he would be more effective with more lecture and discussion.
5.0 : Dr. Vermote is amazing. His class is very discussion based so if you didn't do the reading then you will be lost. He also does occasional pop reading quizzes. For this class, we were put into groups where we have to write a precis on a book, find a primary article and write an analysis on it, and then a group presentation.
5.0 : Dr. Vermote is a great historian and professor, his class is consistent and organized. He takes his grading very serious, but pushes you to do your best. If you put an honest 100% effort into it, it's not impossible to get an A. Just read, do the weekly quizzes /summaries, and communicate with him. He's kind of funny too. Overall, Great Class!
5.0 : Dr. Vermote is the professor that really cares about his student's learning the material, not just about the grade. He is well educated and passionate about the topic, which makes the class enjoyable. His lectures are unorthodox, often a group discussion with not a lot of notes, but they are effective. Lots of reading, but books are leisure-like.
4.0 : Good lecturer. I would definitely recommend. Yeah, his class isn't the easiest; however, take this class if you genuinely like t learn about history and enjoy a good lecture.
4.0 : Dr. Vermote is great. He really knows what he is teaching and wants to make sure that his students are learning as well. While it can be a lot of work it does help you in the long run. I really enjoyed this class and he made sure to make the lectures interesting, but make sure to read before class! I would gladly take him again.
3.5 : This is more of a professor if you know him and talk to him you would pass. I passed this class with a 79% not talking to him more than once all year and he still did not round me up. Know him! Very helpful.
3.0 : Be prepared to read large online articles consistently, most classes started with a short answer quiz. Started off with traditional tests and then unit 3 had the option of a precis or a test, and unit 4 was split into presentations and a traditional test. Overall a very difficult class, but the grading scale was very reasonable.
5.0 : Dr. Vermote wants you to work for your grade. He respects hard work. However, he did say he is reducing the workload for future semesters. This shows that Dr. Vermote puts his student first, not the class. He is kind and willing to work with you. He just asks for his students to put forth equal effort. Overall, he is a great professor.
3.5 : He is really funny and tries really hard to get the students to relate to stuff in the lecture but I passed his class with a B so it was rather simple.
5.0 : Take this Professor! Professor Khalili is hands down the BEST Biology professor at Fresno State. This class is ridiculously easy, you only need an 85% to get an A. The people who do bad never show up to class. Just come to class, you will get participation points. Lectures are awesome, Professor Khalili is so passionate about her topic.
5.0 : SHE IS SO PASSIONATE ON HER LECTURES!!!! I LOVE HER TEACHING METHODS!! It only takes an 85% to get an A. She teaches her lectures in a way that will let all the information sit in your brain nd make you think about it throughout the day. GREAT PROFESSOR!! TAKE. THIS. CLASS. (all biol classes come with a 2hr lab)
3.5 : Midterms are really hard, she doesn't give study guides so you really need to study. Overall nice teacher but a class you need to work if you want to get a good grade
4.0 : 4 exams &amp; 1 final. In-class assignments or i-Clicker questions every day, which add up for extra credit points. The tests can be difficult if you don't study, but she encourages students to go to SI, and read the book. Her lectures are meant to "re-cap" on the assigned readings, take notes on WHAT SHE SAYS, because the powerpoints are online.
4.0 : Super nice professor. She is always willing to help you out when you ask questions. Her lectures are really interesting and she explains the material pretty well. The tests are difficult (multiple choice), but doing the reading and paying attention during lecture will get you through!
4.0 : Professor Khalili is a great professor. Her lectures are understandable, she moves pretty fast, and the midterm is difficult. There is 4 midterm and 1 final, what I like about this class is that if get a 85% that's an A, however, make sure to read and go to SI if you are struggling in this class. She highly recommend to go to SI session.
3.0 : Mainly lectures, and minimal activities in class. You have to go to her for help and she grades tough.
3.0 : She's super passionate!!! I couldn't keep up with the readings and got high C's on the tests, so if you don't want to buy the textbook I think you'll be fine.
4.0 : Biology has always been tough for me but I enjoyed this class!  All Bio10 classes are roughly alike so the 4 midterms are pretty tough. You have to know things in detail but the final is general concepts. Overall the material for me was difficult but the Bio department makes it easy to pass the course.I still can't believe I got an A!
4.0 : Great professor. Very energetic. Lectures are interesting. Overall class is easy. Readings are a must.
5.0 : The class is steady paced and very informative, you're never bored.
5.0 : Anatomy &amp; Physiology isn't supposed to be easy. She did a great job for this course. I spent about 4 hours a day just on this course because I wanted a good grade. You get back what you put in. Pay attention to the learning objectives for the tests.
3.0 : Tough grader, even a 4.0 student I couldn't get an A in her class, she grades the essay extremely hard. She is also extremely rude to lab students. I do not recommend at all
3.5 : Sooooo PICKYYYY &amp;&amp; SUCH a HARSH grader!! :O  However, she is very clear cut at lecturing and helping.  (FYI: she freakin' gave me a 56 on my 1st wkst. Like, WTH?! I DID ALL the required instructions already + it's only the 1st lab day and you're so freakin' strict?!!!)
5.0 : Setareh is the best biology instructor. Her main concern is helping the students, she is ALWAYS available in her office hours , she does everything to help you get A . Sorry but you should have problem to NOT get an A. She is so nice to her students. TAKE IT
3.5 : Tests are easy if you pay attention. Doesn't give study guides but posts lectures online, which is helpful. Goes slow enough to allow information to sink in. Participation points come from activities given out on random days, so be in class!
5.0 : Very cool and understanding teacher. Understands what it is like to be a student. Materials are tough, but just study the powerpoint, you should pass with an A. Lets you bring food in lab. As long as you try, you will pass. I can't believe people who would cheat and try to take advantage for his kindness. We need more professors like  him.
5.0 : Highly recommended if you want to learn and get an A in class... Young but knowledgeable of his material!
4.5 : Sit where he can see you, and be willing to participate.
5.0 : Really easy teacher. He made the class laugh. You have to buy the textbook though to do the homework, but it's all due at the end of the course
5.0 : NEED MORE PROFESSORS LIKE HIM! amazing instructor &amp;really down to earth. He can go from expert mode to explainable mode for 1st time anatomy students. Helpful in anyway that he can&amp; really explains stuff. His exams are on the tougher side but as long as you listen in class and study the power points you will do fine. Took him at ventura college!
5.0 : Mekdara was an excellent teacher!  Took him over the summer for his 6 weeks Human Anatomy class.  His lectures were straight to the point and very informative.  Everything discussed in the lectures were on the test.  If you have any questions he was always there to help you out.  The more you put into the class the more you get out of it.
4.5 : Took Mr. Mekdara's class during the 6 week anatomy class. Amazing professor. He legitimately cares for his students. He understands what you're going through. He's willing to help you if you're willing to learn.  His test are tough, if you study, you'll pass. All in all, great professor, caring, extremely knowledgable! I would def take again!!!
5.0 : Love this teacher. simple rules. Just put in the time to study and willing to work. Will pass at least with a B. Knows how it is like to be a student. Very caring teacher. Just wants students to try and willing to learn. That's all to it. Very young and excellent knowledge. Had fun in class and learning at the same time.
4.5 : I took his class over summer at Madera center and he was really easy and nice. I always enjoyed coming to class to learn and I looked forward to the conversations. There was no homework and you only had to buy the textbook if you wanted the extra source. I definitely recommend him!
5.0 : He's the Grrrrreatesttttttt. He's so chill and helpful. Great reference for any biological studies.
5.0 : Easily one of my favorite teachers I have ever had. Cares tremendously about the success of his students. Not only in the classroom but in other aspects of their lives. Enjoys getting to know his students on a personal level which makes the classroom more welcoming and enjoyable. Would marry him if I was gay. Class is out of 200 points. Makes itfun
5.0 : BEST TEACHER EVER. He is so passionate when lecturing and how much he cares about his students is very apparent. There are NO tests, just weekly reading assignments which are not hard to do. The final is a paper in which you get to choose the topic for.
5.0 : This class is all discussion! I was expecting a lecture type class, but this is way better! Professor really just guides the lesson and students do most of the talking. There are 3 essay (1-2 pg each)that are based on your discovery and are fun to write. I would strongly recommend!
5.0 : He's the best professor at Fresno State, hands down I've taken 3 classes with him and each time has been a wonderful experience. I wish he taught every philosophy class at State. He makes the study of philosophy what it should be about the exploration of experience and reflection on what it means to live well and grow in wisdom.
5.0 : I took existentialism with him at northern Michigan University. All discussion, only 3 2-3 page papers and a final paper. He is truly passionate about philosophia and the journey. TwoTrees is very willing to go the extra mile - even gave me his phone number to discuss a loaded question I emailed him about. Don't hesitate to take a class with him!!
4.5 : Wow did this professor make me work. The thing is I didn't realize how much I had actually done because of how much I enjoyed the writing. She is very passionate teacher with a great sense of humor. She appreciates those who strive to become better writers and gave every student the mindset that every piece of writing was worthwhile.
5.0 : Dr. Kim's course is very well organized and he makes complicated concepts easy to understand. One of the best professor in the college.
5.0 : Great professor!! very clear, intelligent &amp; helpful.
4.5 : Excellent Professor, Very organized
5.0 : Wonderful instructor. She's very understanding. Easy A. Gives homework but does not grade hard at all. Does not critique on presentations. A lot of extra credit.
5.0 : He's really nice and laid back. He's usually lets the class out an hour early. The quizzes aren't too hard. The 1st lab exam is multiple choice and the final lab exam is all fill-in. Just put some effort into lab and you'll get at least a B. He gives extra credit for completed lab work.
4.0 : Prof. Shabaglian was pretty great as far as I could tell, granted she did have to leave mid-semester because of her pregnancy, but for the time I had her she was really understanding and really eager to clear anything up. Class is mandatory on speech days. 4 exams, 4 speeches, pretty standard stuff. Would definitely recommend taking her.
3.5 : Professor Shabaglian is a really great person but she is an ok professor. She does not allow enough time to work on group speeches. She is also very unorganized at times.
5.0 : The easiest Communication 8 teacher ever.  No community service.  Just study for midterms and finals.  Quizes in class are easy points to get.  Not much homeworks, if I remember, homeworks are given out like 2-3 weeks in a very long.  I expect you and your group to meet every time before presentation!
4.0 : Very sweet and understanding. There's a lot of note taking but it's mostly common sense. Three major speeches plus midterm and final. Very easy class plus attendance is not mandatory.
4.5 : She was very nice and helpful. In order to do well in her class you must read the chapters or at least study. No service hours, but we worked in groups for all projects. Easy class if you take notes and ask questions.
4.0 : Her class is easy going as long as you are an active responder. Make sure you are in a good group, or are good at getting people to work within your group.
5.0 : To  be honest she is the best teacher in this semester.  I recommend you guys to take this class with her especially if it's your first semester. We have three speeches and two tests + the final. Tests are really really easy. She helped us to improve our self-confidence while we're speaking in public. attendance is mandatory in speeches day only.
4.0 : 2 homework assignments, 3 exams and a final. Gives study guides, and if you review them you should be able to pass with a good grades. Has a slight accent, overall good professor. She's accessible if more help is needed outside of the classroom.
5.0 : Professor Fan is one of the nicest teachers and truly wants all her students to succeed. She is very passionate about what she teaches. Her class is pretty simple and pretty easy. A few tests and homework assignments as well as a paper at the end. Not at all as hard as everyone made Econ 40 to be.
4.5 : Great professor! Scored a low B average on all the exams. Got a C on the case study paper (which is 3 pages of writing). At least 90% or more on the homeworks. She offers plenty of extra credits. Ended up getting an A in the class. Really cares for her students and want them to attend her office hours.
5.0 : She has an accent which makes it hard to understand her sometimes. Her lectures can be pretty boring too, but overall she is a good teacher and perhaps the best Econ teacher you could get. If you just do your part of studying and doing the homework (which aren't hard at all) then you'll be guaranteed to pass.
2.0 : Don't expect any help when it comes to the end of the semster with your grades claims she's there for the students  however if your 1 percent off of the next letter grade she claims she can't do anything to help you. Which is untrue because she will reopen asginments as she sees fit.. tough class avoid if you can
5.0 : Professor Fan is generally fantastic, she has genuine interest and experience  in the field of environmental economics and it shows in her lectures. She's friendly and easy to engage with in and out of class. She has a bit of an accent but it's more endearing than it is problematic. Listen to her lectures closely and you shouldn't need the book.
5.0 : Dr. Fan is a wonderful professor. She is caring to have all students pass by answering homework questions in class, offering thorough exam study guides, and always pushing students to attend her office hours if needed. Lectures are long but short in the sense of focusing on one concept. Homework is simple &amp; case study paper is easy if understood.
4.0 : Dr. Fan is a very nice woman who isn't quite the best at running a class. It's very easy really, the tests are taken from her study guides and she will help you with homework any time you ask. She has a somewhat thick Chinese accent, but if you need clarity just send her an email and she is happy to help.
4.5 : She is the most helpful professor I've ever had. Such a sweet lady and always wants to help. Tests are completely covered in the study guides, sometimes her lectures are a little unclear but go over the study guide or go to her office hours and you will do fine!
4.0 : This was no doubt a tough class, but Dr. Fan really cares about her students and wants you to attend her class! She drops the lowest test grade, and it really comes handy towards the end.
3.0 : Ok, so she has a mild speech impediment and says "um" a lot, and I'm petty enough to count how many times she said it over the semester. 1761 times give or take 50 for the times I was zoning out in her repetitive and tangent filled lectures. She's an easy grader, very smart, but not the best teacher... and 1761 times, think about it.
5.0 : Dr. Fan is such an amazing professor that is willing to help students outside of class. Three midterm exams, with the lowest score dropped. Offer one percent extra credit after each exam. One case study paper about five pages. She is very nice and cares about her students very much. She encourage students to get help from her. Class lecture is fun.
4.0 : Dr. Fan is really passionate about what she teaches and wants all of her students to have a better understanding of knowing how microeconomics works, and how we can apply that knowledge to our everyday lives. Do take advantage of her office hours to get one-on-one help, and the extra credit she offers - it'll definitely help a lot!
4.0 : She is a really caring and wonderful professor. Her class was really easy but just a bit boring. She does have an accent but it's not that bad. She will gladly help any students or clarify.
5.0 : extremely nice professor! Class was kind of confusing, but the online homework really helped. Study what is on that to help with the tests. Easy assignments as well. Very glad I took the class with her, easy A.
4.0 : Dr. Fan is a very sweet individual. Her goals in the class are set clear in the syllabus and study guides, but when it comes to the final exam, her free response questions are completely irrelevant to anything we have completed in the class. Review intensely all the information and do not allow for the simplicity of the class to fool you.
4.0 : Professor Fan is a very good professor. She is an expert in her field and her passion for teaching is incredible. The course is a bit difficult, but she is always there to help. Class consists of 4 tests, 4 homework assignments, and 1 case paper. Overall a pretty easy class just need to put in the effort.
4.0 : Dr.Chen is a really nice and extremely helpful professor she really cares about her students. However she does have a thick accent and is sometimes hard to understand. You have to do online homework and read the book when you don't understand something. Her test are not too hard or her quizzes. She is a really fair grader and gives partial credit!!
5.0 : Dr. Chen is a great professor, answers all questions and always willing to help. She is very nice and will never attempt to put you down for not understanding a concept.  She really wants her students to learn, and she is a very hard worker herself.  I cannot recommend her enough.  One of the best teachers in the department.
4.0 : I enjoyed the course with her teaching. her accent ain't the problem if ya haven't study beforehand, lectures can be accessed online after class when you want to review, she helps when you have a question but don't expect her to do the work for you.  You still gotta work for your grade. Would definitely take her again. Highly recommend.
4.0 : Dr. Chen is awesome. She was helpful throughout the whole semester and assisted me  in setting up various lab apparatuses and proceeding through the experiments. She IS difficult to understand at times, but this is easily outweighed by her kindness and knowledge.
3.0 : Took DrChen for both parts of Ochem and i loved her!1st semstr was pretty easy,2nd was a bit tough but if i studied more i couldve gotten an A. Follow her powerpoints &amp; as practice, do the practice problems in the book; have the solutions manual! reading the book helps a lot; fairly simple readng. have to keep up w/ it tho! tests/quizzes were fair
4.0 : Very knowledgeable in the subject. Great review sessions before each test. Understand everything on the review sessions and you will do fine of the test. Good professor. Taking her again for 128B!
4.5 : Great Ochem teacher. Grades fair. Go to class and you will learn. Review sessions are a must go to. Understand everything on there and you will do well on the tests!
5.0 : She is a great professor! She is knowledgeable, and nice to students. Come to her office hours, you will learn a lot from her. She provided very helpful in class assignments and off class videos. You will learn twice as much as what you can learn from other courses. She is a fair grader (not a tough grader), so you can get what you should get.
5.0 : Took this class first with Kryder and got an F. Retook it with Urabe and got an A, she actually cares about her students learning the material. Shes very nice and understands how stressed out students are, since she was one not too long ago.  Exams are either free response or multiple choice, you choose.  4 exams, online HW, weekly quizzes &amp; Final.
4.0 : She is getting her PHD and is required to teach. She is good for a new instructor. She is a talking textbook at times but she loosens up a bit once the class gets rolling. The class is a ton of work but if you do the extra credit and go to every class you'll pass.
5.0 : She was my favorite teacher both semesters I had her. She was nice and always very helpful to me even when I couldn't quite get the material. I would not have passed this class if not for her. I will always be grateful that I got to have her as my teacher.
2.5 : Fast writer, get ready to take notes, notes don't always help with the homework, you must understand the material to pass, highly recommend tutoring if math isn't your biggest strength, great teacher if math comes easy.
5.0 : Loved him! He really goes the extra mile to make sure his students understand the coursework. His work ethic is amazing and even though he's super young, it feels like he's been teaching for years. I would definitely take him again. Plus, he's an awesome dresser.
5.0 : Dr. Hart is a great teacher. He helps out a lot and is a down to earth professor. Just as long as you participate the class discussions are good. He makes the class interesting. I am glad I had a chance to experience this teacher.
4.0 : One of the best teachers I've had a a fourth year student. He assigns a midterm, final and a 2,000 word paper. He also occasionally assigns smaller assignments which are extremely easy. The exams and paper are challenging but as long as you study and follow the prompt you shouldn't have a hard time getting an A. The book helps but is not neccessary
5.0 : Easiest "A" I've ever gotten! No textbook No homework Show up to class, take notes, turn in the 2 essays, and study for the midterm &amp; final you'll at least get a "B". No extra credit available. His lectures are interesting and class rarely went the full length. It's the way ALL GE classes should be.
5.0 : This guy hardly kept us in the full length of class and cancelled class a couple times. This class is interesting and not difficult at all. Just two essays, midterm, final, and one activity that you get credit for by just trying. Easy grader on the essay as well. Easy A!
4.5 : Love this class! Dr. Hart is a great professor who seems like he loves what he does which is always good.  He does not overload you with work (2 essays, 2 tests) and his lectures are always interesting.  I would definitely recommend taking a class with him.
5.0 : Dr. Hart is a fantastic professor. Our class sessions were technically supposed to run a full two hours, but he only used half of the time for most of the semester. He does this because he doesn't need the additional time because he covers material extremely efficiently. He's also quite knowledgable and hilarious in his explanation of the subject.
5.0 : Lectures include professional work situations  Good discussions
5.0 : took this class at 8 am and never fell asleep during class. makes class extremely interesting. reads test questions at the end of each chapter. 2 test 2 papers and attendance is mandatory
5.0 : This class is waitlisted every semester for a reason. He's really genuine &amp; relates all the material back to his career as a probation officer. Two papers (on whatever topic you want) &amp; he does review sessions for the tests every Monday. Attendance is mandatory - but it's only 50 minutes. If you print out articles he'll give you extra credit.
3.5 : He reads off questions for exam after he covers 2 chapters. You are allowed to take notes! the questions on the exam is pretty easy if you read. he gives us a lot of examples from his example and it really helped me understand what the textbook says. One extra credit which just copying an article was available.
5.0 : Exams; Midterm and final and 2 papers on a subject of your interest that deals with juvenile delinquency. He knows the subject and is thrilled to teach it. Very kind professor, willing to hear you out and answer any questions students might have. O yeah attend class and get points.
5.0 : Okay, so his lectures sometimes get drawn out and you get bored of the topic, but it's an easy class. Two midterms and two papers. He lets you write about anything and the midterms he gives you what you need to study. His personal stories are the most interesting part of the class, and his laugh is the cutest thing you will ever hear.
5.0 : He's a simple professor and if you study, do the essays EXACTLY how he wants and attend every meeting you should do fine. I'm not a Crim major so I was very bored during the lectures at times but he's funny and genuine so it wasn't awful. He's also super passionate and knowledgeable in the field.
5.0 : Go to class for points. Two reports which are easy. Attend review for his exams and you will pass. Great Professor! Highly recommend !
3.5 : He used to read off  questions from the 2 exams, but someone had to ruin it for everyone. Now he will only show phrases on the board while u write them down to study for. Over all, hilarious professor with hilarious stories. His lectures are kind of boring at times but it will keep you busy writing them down. There are 2 easy papers too.
4.0 : Before an exam, he gives you an idea of what's going to be on the test. Take good notes, study and you will be fine.
3.0 : You got to take good notes, and attend every class lecture to be able to do well in the exams. There are two papers, and two exams. Keyword; taking good notes is important in this class.
5.0 : Professor Charles Shuler is an AMAZING Professor. 2 tests &amp; 2 papers, including mandatory attendance. Super easy class-that's if you study. He does not use powerpoints so get ready to write all class long! His lectures are very interesting though &amp; you watch a lot of videos. He tells you the exact questions &amp; possible answers for the 2 tests.
4.5 : Professor Shuler is probably the coolest professor I've had before. Go to class to receive points. He has a midterm and a final, as well as two papers which are pretty easy. He is extremely funny, however sometimes likes to go off topics, but I really recommend him!!!
4.0 : Best teacher I've ever had, HANDS DOWN. He's super chill and lectures are fairly easy. Also, gives good examples and you'll be able to understand the course because of how great he explains everything.
4.0 : Taken him for Crim2/120 and both were easy A's if you take notes, attend class, and do the papers exactly how he wants it formatted. Very lenient grader and nic man. Recommend if you want a class you do not have to worry about.
4.0 : He gets off topic very easy! which to me is good, less notes lol. Pretty much just reads off definitions in the book tbh. Class is easy! 2 papers, 2 tests , mid term and final. Good Teacher. He's very straight forward with his stories! i would really recommend him!
4.0 : He's a great lecturer. If you had the book, I'm sure it's all in there. I rented the book and found out I didn't need it since I took notes in every class. He can kinda move through them quickly so work on your typing speed. Other than that, he was pretty cool. I sat in the front so I was used for examples a lot. But it's all light-hearted.
5.0 : Really easy class to take. I would advise you to go to his classes because he gives you 1 point each day you go. It may not seem like a lot but trust me in the end it will make a difference. I would also suggest to do good in the midterm because that is what makes the difference between you getting an A or not.
5.0 : It was a real pleasure to take this class! Shuler is a good teacher; he is very fair and genuinely cares about students. I liked his lectures! He always used real-world examples from his extensive career as a probation officer and is pretty knowledgable. Furthermore, the class content is not difficult: two papers and two tests (with study guides).
4.0 : i recommend this class shuler is really funny! he goes off task a lot. attendance is taken for a grade but you don't need to go all his lectures are based off the book but  i never used it! he also reads off his answers for tests. a lot of it is common sense
5.0 : He really cares about his students and wants them to do well. His lectures are based off of the textbook. Make sure you go to class. You can find the answers to the study guides in your book or on quizlet. Pay close attention to the videos.
5.0 : Gives 5 points extra credit if you have perfect attendance. Otherwise it's 1 point each day for attending class. 2 papers on any topic related to crim, was quite simple. 2 tests :midterm and final and is exactly like the study guide. No homework and textbook is not necessary if you take notes every class period. Class is fairly simple.
4.0 : Good thing is that there is no actual homework to do besides reading. Readings are usually from 1 book and its usually 4-13 pages of reading everyday. Lectures are good to go to if you want more information. She usually posts up lecture PP on blackboard. 2 Essays and 3 Tests(i think?).Pretty much the reading is important but not hard to understand.
5.0 : Very helpful, don't not want to see student fail. curved tests and xc on them. no homework just readings but everything will go over in class and pp will be post in bb. study guides are provided, DO THEM! overall one of my fav classes I took at FS.
5.0 : Dr. Randles is an amazing professor! She goes above and beyond to assure that the material makes sense and always asks for feedback. Her tests go right off the study guide and she is very passionate and enthusiastic about this course. Highly recommend her and highly recommend taking this course!
5.0 : By far one of the BEST Professor's @ Fresno State. Great Lectures &amp; the textbook readings are a must they will be on the test. Test though are not very difficult. She's very passionate on this subject of the family, she may get off subject a bit. Dr. Randles wants students to succeed&amp;is usually available outside of her office hours as well. :)
5.0 : I HIGHTLY SUGGEST HER! She is probably the best teacher I have ever had! Her lectures were really entertaining and I actually found myself talking to other people about what I was learning a lot!  She is really passionate about what she is teaching and makes it fun and relatable. Super helpful and understanding...I am not big on school but I already miss her class Ha
5.0 : Professor Randles is one of my favorite professors. I found the class goes by super fast because the class discussions and material are interesting. The lectures are clear, tests are easy if you read and study.  Tests consist of short answer, essay and multiple choice.  You will love her class.
5.0 : Dr. Randles is an AMAZING professor!! She is very passionate about this course and makes the class/lectures interesting. After the 1st exam I understood her expectations and had no problems . Gives very helpful study guides for the exams and goes over what will be on them. 2 exams, 2 (3) page papers, and a non-cumulative final. Highly recommend!
5.0 : I took Dr. Randles this fall and I loved her class! There are weekly assignments but as long as you do them and do good on the quizzes  (which are about the text) you'll do great! She has module videos every week that goes over the topic of the week. She also sends weekly reminders. The final was optional so I didn't do it and still got an A!
3.5 : Expects you to know things. Does help but not really clear. There are better professors.
4.0 : Dr. Randles expects you to work for your grade, just like any other professor. Read the assigned readings, attend class, take notes, do the study guides, and definitely try meeting with her if you feel you are struggling.
4.0 : I took her online class and it was overall easy but a lot of readings require for each weekly quizzes. For each week we do Discussion Board, Quiz, and weekly journal. No papers but we have to do 3 Sociology Editorials, which consist of 300 words. EASY! Also there in no test which it is fantastic. All quizzes are straight from text n reading
5.0 : I actually look foward to class, it's literally her lecturing every class meeting, but the topics are interesting. There are three exams, but she gives out studyguides. STUDY. It seriously helps. Couple of readings assigned, but i didn't buy the book and i still passed my exams. She's overall sweet and very passionate about sociology.
4.5 : Super easy, super nice, super helpful, I am horrible at online classes but she sends reminders every week and gives feedback on every assignent! 10 out 10 recommend!!
5.0 : Such a sweet teacher! Each class you are supposed to have done the readings, but she doesn't have any quizzes checking that you did. She loves participation and is super clear on the two essays and gives study guides for her three tests. Really enjoyed having her as my teacher!
5.0 : One of my favorite professors here at Fresno State. She is very charming and very clear about what she expects. She makes her lectures interesting because she can be very sarcastic and funny.
4.0 : A profesor for the masses. Her class is straightforward. She will make no attempts to fool or confuse you in the exams, very sweet personality, young and vibrant. Can relate to the students.
1.0 : Taking her online soc 3 class quizzes are easy but she's a hard grader on the weekly writing assignments, which are worth a majority of your grade.
4.0 : I'm not done taking Dr. Randles class but I absolutely love it. It is very easy and very interesting.  Expect to read and do homework weekly. However, they are very short assignments. She also gives extra credit.
4.0 : Very sweet and understanding. The study guides were exactly what the test looked like so do them. She goes over prompts for essays numerous times. Very clear with explanations. An actual enjoyable lecture to listen to.
5.0 : This teacher wants you to pass! She will not trick you on tests, her study guides are EXACTLY what you will be tested on (multiple-choice, short answer, essay questions). In other words, there's no excuse for failing an exam. 2 essays, 3 exams, no final (not meeting during finals week, one less thing to worry about). Lectures are a joy!
5.0 : Dr. Randles gives amazing lectures. If you really try to learn and get what you need to out of the class, it's actually not difficult. You have to put the in the work and your grade reflects it. I loved her class,her lectures were always so vibrant. I will take care again.
5.0 : Dr. Randles is by far the best professor at Fresno State. She goes above and beyond. I love that she makes an attempt to get to know each and every one of her students. There are 3 exams, non-cumulative and two papers (which weren't so bad at all) as well as a group project at the end of the semester. She is the best take her!!!!
5.0 : One of my favorite professors I've taken at Fresno State. I recommend her to everyone! Shes such an amazing lecturer and really explains everything so well. She cares about her students and wants them to succeed. Very personal and I just absolutely loved her and took her two semesters in a row.
4.0 : This course and professor will not disappoint!! Attendance is mandatory, but lectures are always so interesting! She cares about her students and is passionate about her job. It makes going to class easy and fun. She is a fair grader and quickly answers to emails
5.0 : This class regarding inequality was amazing. Dr. Randles is just an amazing professor! The class overall is not hard you have 3 exams which she gives study guides for &amp; whats on the study guide is literally the exam. You have two papers which she gives the format for and are not hard.
5.0 : Sociology of Childhood w/ Dr. Randles was an amazing class. She's very passionate about this subject, which makes the class enjoyable. You have 2 exams not hard, she gives you a study guide which is literally the exam. You have one group presentation, and two papers.
5.0 : This class was super easy. Everything on the test is taken from the powerpoint. Easy A. The only problem is the professor talks, talks, and did I mention she talks. Don't expect to make it to your next class. She'll keep saying I have one more minute but it is almost close to the next hour. I think she likes to hear her self speak.
5.0 : Loved having this class with Professor Randles! Because it was online, she was clear about what she wanted from us and gave good feedback after every module we did! You should be fine as long as you read the book and the articles that we have to do each week!
5.0 : Super easy class. Modules are due once a week. 3 editorial papers due throughout the semester and the final paper is optional. Loved Prof Randles she responds to emails super fast and she is extremely caring and wants everyone to do well
2.0 : Since there are only two options for taking this class at Fresno State, and both at very inconvenient times, I chose this one.  Three hours of laborious information that lacks intrigue in format, and does not give you much time to take notes.  Reading textbooks on the subject would be more enticing and educational than sitting through 3 hours here.
4.0 : I took Patton on Tuesdays for night class 6-850. Almost always until 850. Had guest speakers. 4 quizzes, 3 exams, 1 final. Drops lowest quiz and final is optional if you like your grade. Also if you take final it counts as an exam, and he drops lowest exam. During lectures he addresses what will be on test. No way you can fail, if attend. No book.
5.0 : Steve Patton is an experienced professor and knows what he is talking about. You will have quizzes so even though attendance isn't necessary, quizzes are a big part of your final grade. The exams are easy and you get to do a really cool mock crime scene.
5.0 : Three exams, final, and a few quizzes. Attending lectures will most definitely earn you an A in the course, since what will be on the exams and quizzes is stated during lecture. Overall a fun and interesting course.
5.0 : lecture are awesome and he brings in guest speakers that have actually been doing what they are talking about for 30 years as a career, grades on a super curve so 90% of the class does not have to take the final because they all have As.
4.5 : Go to class everyday cause he will tell you exactly what is on the test. Couple quizzes, 2 test, and if your happy with your grade you don't have to take the final. Grades on a curve, brings in guest speakers, and you photograph crimes scenes.
5.0 : Lectures via Powerpoint and PDFs. Tells you whats on the exam/quizzes. 4 quizzes. 3 exams. Drops the lowest scores. Curves the final grade. Had a 90% before curve, turned into a 96% after. DO NOT SKIP THE CRIME SCENE INVESTIGATION QUIZ. He gives you 25 points just for showing up and attempting it. Quiz questions pop up on the exam.
5.0 : She is one of the sweetest professors one can ever have. She cares about women's studies a lot, and she makes her passion very visible. I admire her enthusiasm to teach the class. Her jokes are dorky, but funny. Easy class. She's understanding of people's different situations, but don't abuse her caring personality!
4.5 : Lots of reading and videos. Discussion post every week. Journals almost every other week &amp; 4 papers. Discussions have to be 250 words and you have to reply to 2 class mates post with 150 words and then reply on you post with 50 words. Participation is a must. I didnt pass because I didn't have time for the work since it was a lot of writing.
5.0 : BEST GE course! I wasn't expecting WS to be so interesting and fun!  She is very easy to listen to and is very sweet.  She involves the class and made me want to participate. Has jokes and she likes to laugh at them.  Take her even if its just for fun!
4.0 : Dr Mercado is very helpful with students. She's  always there for students during her office hours when they need help. I really loved working with her. She's the best Fresno State Professor i ever worked with. As longest you do the work and go to her office hours you pass.
4.5 : This class was just a lot of reading and many discussion board posts throughout the week. The tests were in the testing center for us but now that that's over I don't know how she does it. The class was fine nothing to big. 1 paper, 3 tests including final.
5.0 : She's the best professor i ever worked with. She's a sweetheart, very helpful with her students. She's funny and knows how the make the class so fun. Loves when her students participated. She's the most kind-hearted professor that Fresno State proud to have. She's the best ever end of story.
5.0 : Extremely nice teacher. Replies to emails within 24 hours, super helpful, and super clear grading criteria. She is there for you if you reach out to her for help, and is on top of her grading. Her students are a priority. Just be prepared to read. Reading assignments for discussion boards are very long - like 16 pages. 400 word posts. Interesting!
5.0 : This class is not going to be an easy A to the point where it is a joke. However, if you do the work and show you put in some effort, you will get the A. If you do the work to the grading criteria, you will get an A in this class. The topics are interesting, and the discussion boards aren't super hard. Best online class to D3. Great teacher!
5.0 : She is an amazing professor, very knowledgeable, incredibly nice, helpful, and makes the class super interesting. This was my first WS class, and I really enjoyed it! Totally exceeded my expectations! She made this class so interesting, because the assignments are actually engaging and about topics you actually are interested in learning about!
5.0 : I can not stress how lovable this professor is. She cares so much to the point where her response through emails feels like she's speaking to you in person. Passionate, passionate, passionate. That's a fact. And she's a pretty lenient grader, especially if you show interest in her teachings.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class. There is "class" every week using the discussion posts on blackboard. She posts videos related to what you read in the textbook. Its not a hard class as long as you commit to write everyday, or every other day. She's sweet, helpful, and not a tough grader at all as long as you do your best.
4.0 : Super sweet teacher! Cares deeply about every student in her class, despite not seeing them in person. Work requires lots of reading and you have to be thoughtful of your responses. She leaves feedback to help you better your discussion posts weekly. You can use a notecard during midterm and final, so that's a bonus!
5.0 : Miss Watkins is a very nice professor. She is very knowledgeable about the subject she teaches and really cares about her students. This class was very informative and I would recommend it to any psychology major.
5.0 : I had the opportunity to take Mrs. Menefee twice, and I'm so glad i did. She's a great instructor and really cares about her students. The class was difficult but come on it was physiology so of course its difficult but she did an amazing job of going into detail with the information. I really wish she was teaching micro so i could take her class!
3.0 : Average difficulty. If you don't read/attend, you won't pass. Lecture itself is kinda boring, but an info dump. Labs aren't tough as long as you follow the instructions to the letter and have thorough answers (TAs teach labs for the most part). Study guides are sometimes too vague to be much help, better off to make your own.
5.0 : Great at teaching, super friendly and approachable. Study guides questions are exactly the same as on the exams. Host review days to ask any questions on the study guide too. (basically free answers) Offers 15 pts extra credit. Easy course if you just pay attention, do hwk assignments and study; passed with a 102%.
5.0 : Super easy class. Do all the homework online and show up when she goes over the study guide. Every question on the test is straight from the study guide. Do the extra credit and you can skip some classes and still get an A. An 85% earns an A. Extremely nice and helpful! The textbook is a waste of money if you show up to class, in my opinion
4.0 : Her class was really interesting and she's always there to answer questions if needed. Most work is done online and tests were in the testing center and her study guides were very clear on what was going to be on the test.
5.0 : Awesome professor, totally recommend you take her! She makes Biology interesting and is very helpful when you have questions. I am not a fan of science, but I actually really enjoyed this class. Make sure you show up the majority of the time to class (and lab) and it is definitely an easy A.
5.0 : My grade was eh, it was easy in lab - hard in lecture BUT - LOVEEEE Whitney! She's so nice and as long as you as questions she will answer them for you. Great TA and if you don't like her there is something wrong with you!
5.0 : Great professor. She does an incredible job relating the fundamentals of Biology into practical, everyday life. Easy to understand and has entertaining lectures. If you don't understand a concept or lesson, then, she'll restate it in another way or explain it more in-depth. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Super sweet, helpful, &amp; intelligent.  She really knows her information, and explains things well.  She's very caring of her students and always makes herself available, she is very approachable.  Definitely one of the best TA's you can get!
5.0 : Approachable and willing to help you understand concepts. Tries her best to work with you. Do your review sheets, they will help your grade so much. She is a great TA.
4.0 : I liked her class. She makes the lectures interesting and usually answers any questions during lecture. She has clicker questions during lecture which count towards participation points but attendance is not mandatory. Didn't really use the book I ended up using the e-book more. Exams are just like the study guides!
4.5 : Great professor! Class isn't really mandatory unless you want your iclicker points. Just do assigned reading and launch lab assignments and you'll have all the info needed for tests. Gives study guides and goes over them. Also gives some extra credit. Overall easy class and very interesting.
4.0 : Whitney is pretty good, you can definitely go to her for questions. She does clicker points so I advise you to go to class. Her class isnt hard to pass, you just need to actually study and attend SI sessions. She does have some online work and mini quizzes and in class activities. Everyone can pass BIO 10, you just have to STUDY!
3.5 : 3 tests, one final NO PAPERS in lecture (2 in lab) must read before you come to class, her iClicker questions stems from the readings. she also takes attendance through the iClicker. 3-4 quizzes on BB but about films that are 1hr. long. STUDY FOR THE TESTS. Read the book, stay on track and you will pass. Not a difficult class
4.0 : Whitney is very passionate about bio and wants her students to succeed.  There are 3 exams and then the final but she gives out study guides for each one that are basically identical to the tests.  It's a very easy and interesting class if you do the reading and the online homework.
3.0 : She is nice when she wants to. Except working off to ace tests. She will make them challenging. Also, study guides wont work in her class
3.5 : For some reason this class stressed me out a lot even though I realize now it wasn't that hard.  There are 4 tests and the lab does help a lot with your grade. It's also nice that an 85 is an A. She's a nice teacher and keeps the class fun. A lot of iclicker points too.
5.0 : If you have the chance to take BIO 10 with Prof. Menefee, DO IT! Her lectures were surprisingly interesting  and it makes the class go by so much quicker. DO NOT  SKIP CLASS she gives about 30 pts extra credit which is about 5% of the grade so it comes in handy!   &amp; it all comes from in-class participation. Go to class &amp; pay attention &amp; you'll pass
4.5 : This class is super easy if you read the chapters, and study for the exams. Clicker points matter a lot, so make sure you go to lecture! overall, easy A or B. The labs are kind of annoying because they assign shorts essays, but the class by itself is great.
4.5 : The class itself isn't difficult but you do need to study for tests and do your readings.  It's a little annoying how she doesn't give out study guides but if you go to SI you're fine. She makes lectures interesting and they actually go by fast. Clicker points are important and the lab is really easy.
4.5 : She's a great professor! She will listen to you if you ever have a question, and knows how to explain when you ask her a question. There isn't much homework, besides some online stuff, and tests are fairly easy if you study for them! Definitely take her if you have the chance!!
4.0 : Menefee's class was fairly straight forward. Her lectures were good but slighly boring. She grades fairly and she makes her grading criteria clear. Her class isn't an easy A, but as far as Biology lectures go, she is worth taking.
3.0 : I-clickers are used, attend class to understand lectures + lab. Lectures are simple. Pop-worksheets are given.
5.0 : She is a super helpful teacher. She gives you the exact test questions with a few extra and you just have to find the answers before taking the tests. The tests are taken in the Testing Center which is a hassle. The class is curved so if you get an 85% or higher you get an A.
3.5 : Professor Menefee is an okay professor. Her lectures are not boring but they're not as interesting either. Participation does matter so make sure to go to class. All in all, I would recommend her because she is a nice professor and easy professor.
3.5 : Professor Menefee is AMAZING. Her lectures are really clear and study guides are exactly the questions that will be on the exam. I somewhat am good in bio but she made it very easy for me. Get the studyroom app, people post the answers to the study guides on there. Didn't use the book, just buy the code! Passed with an A. Totally recommend her!!!
4.5 : This class is very easy. Do well on the lab portion of it because both are for cumulative points. I studied for my exams maybe for 2 hours on each one and passed the class with an A. I definitely recommend this professor, her lectures are really interesting.
4.5 : Really easy class if you study!!!
4.0 : Whitney is super nice and always willing to help. Her test are very hard though. Need to show up for lecture because there are random in class assignments for easy points. Study guides did not help because they are very general for the type of question she asked in the exams. This course is no longer and easy A because of the exams. Attend to SI!
2.0 : Whitney is a nice teacher, but her test are extremely hard! Was hoping to get an A, but it was not possible even with getting an A in lab. Her study guides are nothing like her test &amp; I barely passed with a C. I came in to take a test with hours of studying, thinking I would Ace her test and would end up failing it!
5.0 : She's SUPER great and easy. A lot of extra credits and she's making everything easy. Four study guide and learning curve homework highly RECOMMENDED.
2.5 : I went into this class thinking I was going to pass with an A, but you have to fight for those points. If you get them wrong, they will count against you and you'll lose more points. She has something every class, so go to class, and be prepared for every lecture because she expects you to read. Her study guides weren't helpful at all.
3.0 : Lectures are essential because she assigns something every time.  She makes this class boring and you have to study really hard, especially if you don't like biology.  I would have liked to have an energetic professor because she makes this class feel like 4 hours long.  I wouldn't not take her class again.
3.0 : 4 tests, and a final. iClicker questions everyday. Study guides are way too generic to help you during tests. Lectures are long, I don't think we got out early one day. Not a terrible teacher, but take with someone else if you have a chance.
3.0 : She was a good teacher but it was very hard to not fall asleep in class. Also her review for the final was not helpful.
4.5 : Whitney is a great professor! It's not hard to pass this class at all as long as you do your reading, pay attention in class, and complete the study guides.  SI is there to help you in any way possible if you need it.  4 tests, a final, and clicker quizzes in class which can appear on exams.  Not an easy A, but if you put in effort it's attainable.
5.0 : Great professor. Loves what she does and helps you. The tests are easy if you read or at least attend class. I never read, just attended class and took good notes and passed. Tests are about 36 questions and multiple choice.
5.0 : You will learn a lot in this course. She is very passionate in her field of work. 3 midterms and 1 cumulative finals, before starting each module she gives a study guide. If the question is not on the study guide it will not be on the exam. Each exam is around 33 questions. I loved going to class! tons of extra credit offered
2.0 : This class is pretty tough, and the labs are too. The labs also do not really relate to the lectures at all. You have to attend lecture to receive clicker points (based on the readings, so do read). She gives study guides, but they are so bland and are not helpful. Make sure to read and attend SI.
5.0 : He goes over all the test material in class; I didn't even look at the book once. The homework is just examples of the questions he goes over in class. Do the dynamic study modules; they count as extra credit at the end of the semester.
4.0 : The class itself is challenging since it is for science majors, so definitely listen to the lectures! His tests are challenging if you don't study. If you do all the online hw and lecture worksheets you will do fine! He's very lineant with the textbook you use as long as it is a recent Chemistry book you only have to buy the online hw access code.
4.0 : He was great! he goes off topic sometimes but guess you will just have to deal with that, overall he is very nice and wants you to pass. He even gives extra credit, and is not a very stressful teacher.
5.0 : For as tough of a class that I thought this would be, he made it extremely fun! I never dreaded going to lab. Just always make sure to try your best because the material is hard. He is always willing to go over stuff with you if you need it!
5.0 : Mr. Vazquez is such a AMAZING teacher, this class is super hard but he makes it do-able! His lectures are really good and he goes SLOW so its easy to understand. He tells you whats going to be on his exams and even does a review day before them. He will also curve the exams to benefit the students. He offers extra credit and a good amount of it!
4.5 : Helpful when it comes to material that is heard to understand. Explains things very well. Never hesitate to ask for help. If you go to lecture, read, and study you're most certain to get a passing grade.
4.5 : Extremely helpful!! Always tried to find ways to help us out and give us extra study aids.
4.0 : Professor Vazquez was really helpful throughout the semester. Although I'm not a fan of chemistry I didn't mind his class because he is pretty laid back. There was weekly homework and he always had practice exams available MAKE SURE YOU TAKE THEM even though they are optional. They really help on the exams
5.0 : Prof Vazquez does a good job teaching Chemistry. Chem requires lots of outside work and study to get a B or A, so don't expect to do nothing and get a good grade. He is avail to meet w/ for help. Offers extra credit. About 4 exams with final. Each exam has about 20 q or less. Homework for each CH. Random quizzes, lowest quiz is dropped.
3.0 : he's a great professor, the lectures were a little boring but you'll survive. My class fell behind last semester which caused a lot of conflict with my lab. However, like every other class, this requires a lot of outside work. don't expect to get a good grade if you don't put in the work.
4.0 : vazquez is a really nice guy that knows how to explain chemistry well. however, it is assumed that students do the study modules/read the book/read the lecture powerpoints beforehand. it feels like if you miss one lecture, then the rest won't make sense, so go to class. there is weekly homework of varying lengths based on what was learned in class.
5.0 : Professor Vazquez is the best professor I have had so far at Fresno State. You can really tell that he cares about his students success and wants us to truly understand the material more than anything. His homework is helpful and not too much to take on. He is extremely helpful. I HATE chemistry but I would take it again if I could have him again.
5.0 : Sal is a great teacher and is super helpful if you do not understand what is going on. He made a really hard lab class super easy to understand. Very easy to talk to. Has a great classroom atmosphere. Would totally take him again
4.0 : I got a C+ but I was so close to a be if I did the extra credit. I fully understand a lot of the concepts but it was my first semester and it is not always good. Another thing was that I made simple mistakes on tests that costed me points. However majority of the class or atleast half did not pass so yeah he is very fair but just get ready for Chem
3.0 : He is a good teacher. But the material is difficult. GO TO THE SI sessions. The homework is always harder than the test ,but my class got cancelled a lot and it put me behind for lab. The homework can be overwhelming if you wait until the due date. He is really helpful ,but you have to seek for help.
5.0 : Vazquez breaks down the material and gives plenty of examples. Very approachable. You won't need the text if you take good notes because he tests based off his lectures. The hw is graded, do the hw, it helps you retain the material. 4 exams + final; drops the lowest exam score. He goes the extra mile for his students and has a great vibe in overall
3.0 : His lectures are a good look into what he'll be testing on. It's important to utilize office hours and SI tutoring-I could've had a higher grade if I utilized these for better understanding. T-Th is faster pace, lots to learn in one sitting. Don't get a chem book, he offers a free download off blackboard. I hardly used my textbook.
5.0 : Sal is the best TA I've ever had! He's so helpful and approachable. Not to mention he's super smart and knows his chemistry. Small lectures before labs really helped and he will explain anything you don't understand. He emails back super fast and is easily accessible outside of class. I will definitely take him again for Ochem and recommend him.
5.0 : The class uses a weighted grading scale. There are 5 tests (4 regular tests and a comprehensive final). Final doesn't contain material from the 4th test, so it's material from tests 1 to 3. HW is done online through Pearson MasteringChemistry. It costs $115.95 for the eBook &amp; hw access. A textbook isn't needed, so save money and don't buy eBook.
4.0 : The HW is not difficult, it's pretty much everything you cover during lecture. Some questions can be a bit difficult but you can always ask him for help or seek help elsewhere or even google the questions. He posts all his lectures on blackboard but this doesn't mean you can skip class. He also uses iClickers for quizzes (about $20).
4.0 : He announces when he will have quizzes. They're nothing to worry over because he let's you talk to people next to you or even use your notes to answer the questions. He only requires you get a minimum number of question correct to receive full credit. So no pressure for quizzes. It's there to give "fluff" points and see if you know the material.
4.0 : His lectures are clear. He is good at teaching each topic very well. But due to the amount of material you learn in a semester, he has to rush through things, unfortunately. The class is mostly computations and he will do a plethora of examples on the white board or on a projector. He even has days where he will review anything you ask for the test
4.0 : He has handouts for each chapter that consist of the questions you will see on the exam. Print it out and take it to lecture because he uses those for examples he works on in class. Just take notes on those handouts. There's no need to really bring a notebook of any sort. If you're confused on topics, he has a YouTube channel that explains things.
4.0 : The tests are all multiple choice. You use an 882-E scantron. I recommend just buying the 6-packs in the bookstore for $2. He drops your lowest test grade (not sure if that means he drops the final though, ask him for better clarification).
4.0 : Tests aren't difficult if you go to class, do hw, do practice problems, and STUDY. However, your grade takes a beating because if you mess up on a a couple of questions, your test score can easily plummet to a C or even an F. This is because his test range from 20-30 questions. Though he will curve the scores a tiny bit if the class does poorly.
5.0 : Actually an attorney so he knows his stuff and his lectures are relevant because of his background.  It is not a boring lecture and everything is a story based off of, "So I had a case once..." to describe everything.  Do not let the night class scare you away.  He is the best option.  IHSV.  3 homework assignments, 3 midterms, final.
4.0 : I had an 89.2% and he gave me a B, but he gave another guy who had an 89.8% an A because it rounds up. If you're into that then you should take his class.
4.5 : Very knowledgeable teacher. You've gotta study hard and keep up with the reading if you want to pass this class. Very valuable information but difficult to retain and lots of it. He's a great teacher.
5.0 : Made a dry subject very interesting. Brought in real life examples he deals with as an attorney to help students better understand. 4 hour long night class flew by with his lecture style. No better teacher for BA18. Do the work, read the book, and you'll do well. Decided I for sure want to go to law school because of Professor McGuinness. IHSV.
5.0 : Mr. McGuiness is an amazing professor. Even though he teaches a night class it flies by because of how interesting he makes his lectures. He provides a study guide that outlines everything that'll be on the test. Final is cumulative but open note, open book. He offers plenty of extra credit.
5.0 : Wow greatest teacher I've ever had! couldn't have done with out him and very charming.
4.0 : Lectures are pretty straightforward with the book. Sometimes I'll just read the book (which is kinda interesting) and skip class. A few writing assignments. Small quizzes on BB. 3 midterms+final. Hard if you don't understand the material. He's an attorney so he lectures very well and knows his stuff. Very nice man. Not dull at all. I would retake.
5.0 : Professor McGuinness is amazing! He really wants you to succeed and is more than willing to help you. Yes, the exams are a bit hard! Buuuuut it's because they are  questions based on scenarios (where you have to already know what terms mean or what to use for what situation) rather than definitions. His study guides really help so DO THEM!!!!
5.0 : This class is a great introduction to kinesiology. Adam Coronado does a great job at explaining the material and is very flexible. First hour is lecture and the next two are exercise and hands on stuff.
5.0 : Adam has probably been my favorite teacher at Fresno State. Even though it was a 3 hour class, he made it fun. First hour is lecture, and the next 2 hours was going to the weight room or doing activities. He is fun, funny, and he knows his stuff. Take him for Kines 1! The class does not seem like 3 hours. Also, he responds to emails very quickly!
5.0 : Adam is a great guy! He's also a firefighter, but that adds to it because sometimes he doesn't have class cause he was fighting fires. He gives really detailed explanations on his tests. Lecture for an hour, and exercising for the other 2. Gave me a great introduction to Kinesiology. Make fun of his Raiders, and he'll go on and on.
4.0 : Easy class, but not exactly the most professional teacher. Tries to make things fun but is just uncomfortable. Quizzes are sometimes vague and he won't accept the fact that he is wrong in some cases.
5.0 : I'm a Kines major so this class is mandatory for me. He made this class real enjoyable and fun. He is very personable and cares more that his student's learn technique and application rather than memorizing a book. He didnt require that we buy a textbook but he did require our attendance. He has a great personality.
5.0 : His class I recommend he's a great professor. quizzes are a little difficult. He doesn't go too much in depth with study guide he makes you look for it. he does the lecture and that activity class. You can ask him any questions he gives great feedback. He believes in learning. Wish he offered more extra credit.
5.0 : This class really helped me on my using proper form when performing different exercises. The study guides tell you exactly what's going to be on the quizzes and tests. He's easy to talk to and if you are unable to make it to class or for a quiz, just make sure you let him know. He' s more than willing to help. Really recommend taking this class.
4.5 : Professor G and Mrs. G are great teachers!  Tests were challenging but definitely passable if you studied.  Really enjoyed this class.  They really made me feel excited to become and engineer.
4.5 : Very professional and nice ... Has a lot of experience in the field of engineering. Flexible and patient. The subject is easy so are his tests. Great
3.5 : Super friendly guy, but If you want to snag an "A" in the course, you need to do the following at the beginning of the semester: read your textbook, attend class, do the homework MULTIPLE times, and consider completing the practice chapter exams on Connect. His exams are very difficult to "wing", so you really need to know the information well. GL!
4.5 : Hao is a nice and honest professor. I enjoyed his 120B class a lot. The materials in 120B are very tough, but he gives handout and goes over these problems in class. His practice exams which are really helpful. Exams include multiple-choice and problem-solving questions.
4.0 : Professor Hao is an awesome professor, patient, caring and always willing to help when needed.  He goes over handout problems in class to make sure we understand and have good practice. He gives study guide for all four exams. Final is not comprehensive. He gives extra credits for attendance.
4.5 : He does not offer extra credit or drop the lowest test score. However, if you show up to lecture, he gives handouts of step by step instructions of how it will be on the test or homework. He also grades pretty fair on the tests. I loved his class. Great professor and class, you'll have to put some effort into it.
3.5 : Very helpful professor. His tests are super hard. Study guide not useful at all. Take him at your own risk.
1.0 : Useless study guides that covered only 14 of each exam. I couldn't understand why he even gave us those study guides when what he really wanted us to do was study every little detail about each chapter. Tests are very tough so take advantage of the extra credit assignments.
5.0 : He is a very nice professor who cares about his student's success. I found his lectures really helpful. He uses practice problems in class to explain the relevant accounting concept or theory. There are five attempts to do homework assignments correct. He gave handouts to help prepare for quizzes and exams. He also gave a transaction project.
5.0 : He is a great professor. Very passionate about accounting and tries his best to explain everything in simple terms. You have to read the chapters in order to get good grade. There are six quizzes, you know when the quizzes are and what they cover. He follows the textbook very well which I like. Do the homework and LearnSmart bonus which help a lot.
4.5 : He is very helpful and eager to help any student that ask. His clear on what he expects from you and offers extra credit to help out. I miss a bit but with his help and study guides I was able to pass with a solid B. His very professional and overall really cares to see his students succeed. Highly recommend if you want a clear cut class.
5.0 : Dr. Hao is one of the sweetest professors ever. He really cares about his students' successes. If he is unsure of an answer to a question, he'll make sure to find the correct answer and go over it in class the following meeting. The subject itself is tough, I'm not going to lie, but he gives a study guide to each exams so it's quite helpful.
4.0 : Very humble and knowledgable. I really enjoyed going to his class, even though it was one the hardest classes I ever took in college. Strongly recommend.
4.0 : Hao is a very nice professor and always willing to help and answer questions. It helped me a lot when he went over homework problems with me. His tests are hard but fair. It's an accounting core course, you need to study hard.
4.5 : Nice and helpful. Clear presentations, easy to understand. Very humble and genuine. Not preoccupied with other things going on with his life. Grading fair and offers some extra credit. Thank you Mr. Hao. I enjoyed Fall 2014 with you :)
3.0 : Dr. Hao is nice teacher, but his tests are extremely hard. Short study guide that is not helpful. If you are Accounting major avoid him! His class can damage your GPA. Hard grader.
4.5 : I enjoy the 120B class Mr. Hao teaches, he gave practice/review questions for exams, which are very helpful. Exams are very fair. He uses handout and goes through practice problems with the class step by step.
2.0 : He is nice person but a horrible teacher. Hard grader, his tests are extremely hard. Doesn't review for the test and short study guide that is not even close to the test. Avoid taking his class if you are Accounting major. Extremely hard grader. He uses power points and if he works a problem on the board he makes many mistakes.
4.5 : Mr. Hao is one of the best accounting teachers I have taken. He takes his time with the material and does a great job of explaining concepts and accounting problems. I did study hard, practiced, and read the chapters. The tests are tough, but he provides a study guide and is a fair grader. I enjoyed his class, always willing to help with any questi
4.0 : Go to class, skim the book/readings, take notes and just focus on the main point of each philosopher. The lectures are very hard to follow, but just write down what she writes on board and study that.
5.0 : The class itself was interesting, Dr. Cusick was awesome! Class discussions were the best.
3.5 : She's funny makes a four hour class go by fast (summer class). She gives lots of examples just read the materials and  write what she has on the board.
5.0 : Dr Cusick is so funny. Philosophy is hard, I'm just not as smart as a philosopher but it was fun trying to participate.
4.0 : Pretty funny and chill professor with nice feedback. A very helpful teacher. She'll help you understand something if you don't understand it just don't be afraid to ask. Homework every day that's due before the next class begins so don't fall behind on that.
5.0 : Dr. Cusick is one of the best professors I've had. I see her around and I still say hi to her because she's so nice. She wants you to understand the material, so don't be afraid to ask her a question. You don't need a textbook in the class - just readings from blackboard. It was a fairly easy class with essay form exams. I totally recommend her.
5.0 : Doesn't just expect you to understand the readings, she actually helps you understand and get through them. No book, all readings are on blackboard.  She's a straightforward and fair grader, and not intimidating to talk to if you need extra help.  She wants everyone to do well and is willing to help them get there, all assignments are reasonable
4.0 : Dr Cusick is an amazing instructor! She made philosophy exciting to a psychology major. I enjoyed this class and if I could take it for credit again I could!
4.0 : Great teacher! you can only miss 3 classes before you get dropped points, I didn't miss so I don't know. He tells you what is on the tests/quizzes prior to the test day &amp; makes them easy. Book use everyday &amp; easy online HW each week. One easy 1000 word essay. He tries to make the class fun by getting us to do group projects together. Easy &amp; fun!
5.0 : Rusty is an amazing teacher! Returns emails and gives you feedback on all assignments. She likes to make class fun starting the class of with a funny video and ending it with funny videos. I highly recommend her class:)
5.0 : Rusty is passionate and loves to learn with and from the class. She is not afraid to be wrong and will put 200% in your personal growth as a designer. You have a question or idea? Just talk to her, she is extremely supportive and practical with real-world assignments and projects.
5.0 : professor had a large work load for a class that does not fulfill a writing requirement. He is great at giving you material and information without his opinion. VERY knowledgeable and helpful. stays focused and is funny
4.5 : He's an excellent teacher and explains the texts thoroughly.  He know the subject well and is capable of simplifying complex material for his students.  Also, he's extremely hot, so you should definitely take him.
4.5 : SUPER EASY!
5.0 : I really enjoyed taking this class. She is extremely helpful with ALL assignments and she is extremely flexible when it comes to assignments. If you didn't get something and didn't turn it in she gave you extra days to do it. I attended most of the time but was able to miss multiple times and still didn't feel left behind. Awesome, Awesome Teacher!
5.0 : Professor Baer is a really understanding and lenient instructor.  Her class is easy as long as you do the blog entries and readings.  She also gives out extra credit too.
5.0 : She is one of the best English teachers I have had.  Professor Baer is really understanding and will work with you in order for you to get your assignments done.  She provides a lot of feedback and constantly reminds her students to go to her office hours if they feel would like extra help.  I was highly recommend her.  At times she is funny too.
5.0 : Easy class, had her for english 5A and 5B. Super easy grader, only homework she ever assigns are readings. There is like three essay projects. overall her class is super easy. she's dorky so her class is more enjoyable :) Totally recommend her for freshmen !
4.5 : Professor Baer is the most understanding! She is flexible with deadlines when needed and constantly reminds her students of her office hours for extra help. She is very courteous and I recommend taking her class.
5.0 : Baer is a great professor who genuinely cares about her students. She's great at explaining ang gives clear feedback. The class participates a lot within groups and you feel like you know everyones name. I recommend for an A.
5.0 : Super easy class. Professor Baer is such a sweetheart! She gives good feedback, which will help you on your essays. There are pop quizzes here and there but they're pretty easy.
5.0 : I highly recommend this class with this professor she is extremely helpful and will help you in all that she can. She understands students and will give you time if you truly need it
4.5 : Super easy class, maybe too easy. Nonetheless, super compassionate about her teaching, she understands people's  circumstances, and will help whenever in need. Highly recommend, 3 essay's to write, and gives a long period of time to do them. Attendance is required, but no tests. You will need textbooks!
5.0 : I highly recommend Prof. Baer. She is very comforting and prepares you for the rest of your college journey. She cares a lot about her students and wants them to learn and become better writers and readers. She does an excellent job keeping her students interested and engaging in discussions. SUPER CLEAR NOTES! she also stops to clarify.
4.0 : Professor Baer is an amazing professor! She is very understanding and gives a lot of time to do the 3 essays. Do the blog entries and turn in essays on time and you'll do fine! I recommend this class!
5.0 : She is a very understanding instructor.
5.0 : Amazing professor deff recommend, Best professor I've had at State. Super understanding and really sweet!!
5.0 : Class was fun, blamed myself for taking it so early, but she was really into the work. i felt bad because class was not following up on her reading assignments, and it cause her to start doing little pop quizes, but class was still easy. she runs a credit or no credit grading system, and it may seem hard to follow up on, but its acutally easy.
3.5 : Total push over! Gives you extra time if needed. Kind of a lot of reading that you'll need for class participation and for some projects. Overall easy class and nice lady!
4.5 : only one test and one essay. you will pass if you do your outlines and 3 speeches.
4.5 : Great instructor! I highly recommend taking Comm with her. I was nervous about taking this course since it involves public speaking but she made it where nerves were never an issue. She's always willing to help with any speeches if you stop by during her office hours.
4.5 : Great lectures and easy to understand. She's vey understanding and caring. Do the work and participate in lectures!
4.5 : Great communicator
5.0 : She's Great. Her lectures are all PPT's.  Will be in a group and have to do 15 hrs of service for a non-profit. As a group, you'll have 2 presentations due. 1st about a problem (25-30 min), 2nd about the solution (30-35 min) but they will have to be linked to the non-profit you chose. NO Hw only meeting w/ Group outside of school. Easy class!!!
2.0 : Had her class once a week. She assigned our groups for the group communication class. She tried to be understanding about our difficult group but still graded harshly as a whole. She gives tests on the book and not her lectures. She also does not finish her lectures but takes up every minute of class.
3.5 : Awesome to have as an interpersonal comm professor. She made sure we understood before moving on, teaches from PP, hw is not that bad, only two presentations which were not hard, tests are from the quizzes. I loved having group quizzes. She likes to share stories about herself a lot.
5.0 : Professor Farmer is a really great instructor. He really cares about his students. If you have the chance to take his class i suggest you do it, you wont regret it. The test are very straight forward. He will never try to trick you. He does expect you to do case briefs. If you go to class, do the case briefs, you will do fine in the course.
4.0 : Awesome teacher Pat Farmer, he teaches the subject through PowerPoint, personal experiences and gives out candy to students in group competencies. Easy A if you do the 2 movie essays 1 midterm and 1 final. He basically goes over what's going to be in the final and you need to pay attention and attend that particular class. great professor!
5.0 : Professor Farmer is hands down the most caring professor. He is very considerate and understanding of your situations. He is extremely helpful. You can always count on him. If you ever struggle with anything in the course, he will be there to help. He always shares very inspirational stories and incorporates them into the lessons. Def. recommend!
5.0 : Wonderful professor, i think one of the best ones out there. I enjoyed how he cared about everyone in class, we had a movie day and brought popcorn and water, while in our last day he brought chocolates and told us a very inspirational stor. Expect three case briefs every week, and the tests are super easy. Just attend class and you will do great.
5.0 : The class power-points can be boring, but what class doesn't have boring power-point? He makes the best of it by telling us life experience stories that correlate with the lecture. Be prepared to "volunteer" to participate in role playing (crime scenarios). He is understanding and not a hard grader. He's a lovable professor, but don't abuse that:)
5.0 : he is just great! very cool &amp; funny professor, he class is super easy there is no way you won't pass his class, you don't need the book even though he says you do, he does reviews on the exams and gives you the answers in order &amp; that how they are on the exam, 3 papers but very easy grading.
4.5 : Awesome, teacher! His life experiences were very interesting and he connects them with the material in class. Does in class scenarios with the students playing a role. Two test a midterm and final. Take him for CRIM 117 you will enjoy his class. He has tons of experience in law enforcement. His stories are super funny.
4.0 : Mr. Farmer was super funny and made class really easy. Two tests and case briefs throughout the semester. You don't necessarily have to go to class to pass, but the case briefs are good points to have. If you need an easy class, take this one for sure.
5.0 : Best instructor ever. Curriculum can be kind of boring but he incorporates stories that are super interesting! 2 video reviews, 1 research paper open to anything in the book. Easiest grading ever
4.5 : Max is a super cool Prof. Young guy but knows his stuff. I didn't know if I would like a media tech class, but he gets excited about things and it gets pretty interesting.
5.0 : Max debbas is amazing! photoshop, audio editing, video editing, and creating a website was so foreign for me, but he made it really easy to understand. he never makes you feel like you did a bad job, which is good when you don't know what you are doing. really helpful and approachable. great class to get a feel  in multimedia.
5.0 : Max was a super cool professor, lots of fun in class. He's a funny dude, young, but is full of info and really knows his stuff.  I hope to take some more of his classes.
4.5 : Max is an amazing teacher! His class was a lot of fun and really helped introduce me to video and photo editing. There were only 3 to 4 projects and one online final based off of the powerpoints he had on BB. Class was mandatory, he gave some extra credit, and you almost always got out of class early.
4.5 : If you ever have the option to take this professor (at least for ME 2), take him. Easiest class ever. Really good instructor compared to what I've heard about other ME 2 professors.
4.5 : Somewhat of a challenging class, but if you go see him in his office hours he breaks things down and it really helps. Go see him for help on the assignments. Tests can be hard like any other class, but it is on material you've been practicing all semester long-no tricks.
4.0 : He makes chemistry as simple as possible. Midterms are half  from homework and the rest is from lectures. Plenty of practice problems online that are super close to whats on the exam. No curve balls. Willing to help and re-explain things. No need to buy a book. I can't say this was an easy class for me, but certainly worth it
4.0 : Great Instructor. If you go to his office hours to look over your assignments, he will help you and easily get full points. Didn't refer or use the book, if you have a question, ask him, he is easily accessible. I personally don't like chem but he takes his time to walk through and explain what he's covering. iclicker used as attendance.
5.0 : He is a good instructor.  He makes sure you know what is important in his lectures.  I was scared to take this class because chem is a tough subject, but he makes learning it a lot easier.  If you are scared to take chem again. Take it with him, you will learn to understand it.
5.0 : Great professor! I would say he's the best biochemistry professor that Fresno State has.  His test are similar to the study guide that he posts on to  blackboard.   He has daily i clickers  which are used for attendance and you don't need to buy the book for his class.
5.0 : Funny, Smart, Easy. 4 Tests, 4 group assignments (usually 5-10 questions, can be worked on alone). Homework is clearly coming from lecture, which is not mandatory to attend. Extra credit 1 point every day you show up. Tests are half MC, and some fill ins (demonstrating the chemistry). Easy relaxing class, I wish he taught the other chemistries.
5.0 : Highly recommended! Professor has thourough lectures and is willing to stop lecture to answer all questions. There are 4 assignments and 4 exams. He gives study guides for each exam and HW can be done as a group. Honestly one of the best instructors I've had. As long as you attend class, passing should be a no brainer!
5.0 : Great teacher! He is very clear in lecture, encourages questions, and doesn't go too fast. He is also available for office hours. Utilize them, he is very helpful in clearing up harder concepts! Tests are fairly easy if you study, made up of multiple choice and free response based off of problems sets (they are almost identical). Highly recommend!
4.5 : Very clear and gets to the point. Doesn't "fluff" up the material; tries to explain the material in the most simplest way. Quite kind &amp; has a bit of a humor side (eg some MC exam choices are a bit funny), and he even gave me a smiley sticker when I got an A on an exam! :) Extremely helpful during office hours. Great teacher, ABSOLUTELY recommend.
5.0 : Dr. Brooks is an amazing professor. I took Chem 3B Spring 2017. His lectures are easy to follow and straightforward. There are a lot of note taking, textbook is not required. Anything he writes down will be on the exams. There are group assignments, but honestly, one self can do it alone (go to office hours for this).
5.0 : Great at explaining things, it makes you want to go to lecture. Does not use the book, he goes straight of the notes which is great because you get no surprises.
4.0 : Great guy, great class but tends to be a hard grader on exams! Very specific on what he wants that if you don't specify on exams you will get marked down for it. Assignments are a bit difficult but very similar to the test. No book, everything based on his power points.
5.0 : Best Biochem professor, Always there for  his students. Explains the fundamentals very well.  Makes Lab fun! Students really enjoy the work.
4.0 : very nice guy, his teaching is pretty clear step by step instruction. anyone needs repeats he will. only problem was his class was late at night so everyone is tired. another downfall is work is usually due next class so if you miss class you will probably have it late which he accepts late work. cracks a few jokes. make sure you pay attention
5.0 : Professor Lukens is the best Political Science Professor you could take. You learn a lot and it is a really easy class. A lot of class discussions so be ready for that but they're all always interesting and fun to learn. Take him and you will pass and learn tons!
2.5 : His online GE class is SUPER easy! NO TESTS/ESSAYS! Just 1 initial opinion to the topic due on Wednesday, then 1 quiz and 2 peer responses due on Sunday. All on Blackboard and he sends an email to remind you a few hours before something is due. Says textbook mandatory, I never even broke the seal. Only reason I didn't get an A was procrastination.
4.5 : EASIEST CLASS EVERRRRR. All you do is have an opinion response due on discussion board and a chapter quiz due each week. It's so easy if you use the study guides. Easy A if you put in the time and effort.
5.0 : Winter online class, complete 6 discussion board responses 200 words each with 2 peer response each 150 words. 2 exams exactly like the study guide. Just look for the answers in the book instead of reading everything. Make sure to do the study guide and study some questions before taking the exam since it is timed. No quizzes/essays. Super EASY!!
5.0 : PLSI 160 is an easy breezy class. You have 3 short 3 page papers (from topics of the Daily Maddy), 2 intergration papers (4 pages) and a final paper (8-10 pages). A Midterm and a Final; both tests are multiple choice. I barely read the book. He gives a study guide. Just study it and you'll pass the Midterm and Final with no problem.
5.0 : His class is very easy since it's an online class. Every week we have discussion board &amp; quiz. It's very easy because he provides powerpoints, videos, and a study guide to help you with the test. You have to get the book since the quiz is off of the book.
4.5 : Really easy class! He is a great teacher and makes sure everyone knows what they are doing. Just go to class and listen to his lectures and do the work he assigns in class and your grade will stay a A. Every Tuesday there is a quiz and every thursday a 350 word response in which he gives the morning of. STUDYING , very important for a good grade.
5.0 : His such a great professor!!! Easy class, I wish all my classes were like his! Attend class listen to lectures and participate. He said we needed the book, but to be honest I never opened the book. I really recommend his class!!!!!
3.5 : He is a very great professor! Totally recommend him, he gives out a writing assignment each week, following with a 5 question quiz. Midterm and final,  are pretty fair and easy, because he does the study guide in class!
5.0 : Literally an Easy A! All you do every week on discussion board is state your opinion and bam 20 easy points and that 10 question quiz. SUPER EASY and actually interesting (coming from someone who isn't into politics)
4.0 : Great guy, brings in very interesting guest speakers. Discussion seems to flow easily in his class.
4.5 : I took this class online. It was super easy. Everything was open in the beginning of the semester so you can skip ahead of the class. However, there are discussion boards each week and you had to write one response and two replies. There are no test just quizzes once a week.  His video lectures where clean and text book helped a bit.
5.0 : Great professor! Class was basically having guest speakers, which was really cool since he has his connections in city hall. Grading consists of a total of 5 papers, no tests or exams.
4.0 : Great class, easy and to the point.
5.0 : Don't hesitate to take this class, since it was way too easy. All you do is form a 250 word response to a generic question he posts on bb, reply to 2 other people's posts on that question, and take a 10 question quiz at the end of the week. Look over his sg and watch his online lectures to do well on the quizzes. There was no final.
5.0 : Super cool teacher!! This guy is the epitome of cool, and laid back. Precise and very easy to follow, unlike the initial POLISCI course I enrolled in and immediately dropped, days after it became clear that the instuctor had a really sick &amp; twisted way of telling jokes and engaging with 18-year-olds. I would definitely recommend Lukens over all.
5.0 : Great Professor ever. If I could take his class again I would. His class is not hard it is a guaranteed pass. Midterm and final he gives a study guide and gives you the answer and those questions are on the tests which makes it very easy to pass.
5.0 : This is a SUPER EASY online class. Discussion board &amp; quizzes every week. It's not even hard at all. He has study guides &amp; the quizzes are just based off of that! SUPER EASY. You'd have to try hard to fail. If you fail this easy class, that's sad, considering this online class is SUPER EASY!
5.0 : He is by far the best professor I have, super laid back and really understanding. Online quizzes and readings are really easy and he gives you study guides!
5.0 : Class was pretty simple. He made class enjoyable with the debates he had us have. Its a pretty easy A if you follow everything he assigns.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR EVER! He is very clear on his lectures and lets you know exactly what you need to study for on the test. I love his Shakira refrences! Take him if you have the chance. I wouldn't buy the book, he gives you very helpful study guides. Bring the study guides to class, he goes over every question. Wonderful instructor.
4.5 : Super easy class!! One discussion board and one quiz per week. Gives study guides and quizzes are based off of them.
5.0 : This class was incredibly easy and also enjoyable. He is very clear with his assignments and grades fast. All you have to do are discussion posts and weekly 10 question quizzes (very easy, and since it's an online course that means open notes!). Oh, and he also gives weekly study guides as well which are exactly like the quizzes.
5.0 : He is a good professor.  This class is really easy to pass.  Just show up, read, and complete the assignments.  Also, the midterms and final are almost exactly the same as the practice exams.
5.0 : Very helpful and easy! 3 DB posts and 1 quiz every week. You always know what to expect. Even though this is an online course don't be afraid to ask for help! He's very nice.
5.0 : For this class, you don't even have to buy the book. Most of the quiz questions are on google and the rest in his lectures. For every week, you have to post 2 brief opinions of certain issues and also take a 10 minutes, 10 question quiz (super easy). No final and no EC which is fine because they quizzes and the DB posts make it hard to not pass!
4.5 : Dr. Shrestha knows his material and is a good teacher. Although he is originally from Nepal, his communication skills are excellent. He doesn't just give an A. You must earn it through hard work. If you're lazy then you won't pass his classes. He has some writing assignments that he doesn't announce. He expects you to read the syllabus and do them.
5.0 : Dr. Shrestha is an outstanding professor. One of the best in the plant science department. He conveys the information well. Unannounced writing assignments are in the syllabus. Do them.  He has mini field trips sometimes as well as guest speakers. He has a soft voice yet he's far more engaging than other professors. Teaches multiple subjects well.
5.0 : Dr Shrestha is an outstanding professor and very knowledgeable in his subject.   He mixes his lectures with industry leaders so you get a more well rounded experience. Expect to study for his test, however, as there is a lot of memorizing.  Overall he does a great job, and I would gladly take another class offered by him.
3.5 : Dr. Jill Hendrickson is a good English teacher. However, Plant 110W, dimensions in agriculture, is supposed to be about ag, yet she teaches the entire course as general English. Not one assignment is ag related in the least. Good news though, no research papers!
5.0 : Jill Hendrickson has flair! She has that rare ability to teach her craft  and make a difference for her students in a short term class. Her stories and quips chronicle a very interesting life- hers! A+ Teacher
3.0 : group project, role play, journal review, lots of reflections, and some tests. Tries to act passionate about her subject, but just comes across as angry. Paces a lot which is distracting. Makes students read her slides out loud during lecture. When she gets frustrated with the class she blurts out generalized insults at the class.
2.0 : Nice teacher but isn't very clear with what she wants. Tries to act too passionate and it comes off as fakeannoying. Gives way too much busy work for an introductory2 unit class. Doesn't come to class on time but demands respect. Class overall is pretty easy but you basically learn nothing new from what you already learned from Dog Days.
5.0 : The sweetest teacher I have ever had. She really cares about the students in her class and their success. TAKE HER
5.0 : So far she is my favorite teacher at Fresno State.  She's such a sweetheart; however, she's no push over!  I believe she really cares about the students.   She's very helpful.  There were no tests, but we had to do a group presentation.  Overall, I think she's an excellent teacher.
5.0 : Awesome professor, really helpful and is passionate about what she does. All information given in the class, extremely useful for future education.
4.0 : Professor Naik is super nice and caring. Whatever problems you are having, whether it be in class or personal, she is always there to help.
5.0 : Love Celeste! She's so sweet, funny, and easy to talk to! She opened up my eyes to what I really want to do with my psychology degree. There are no tests. The assignments are really for your own benefit more than anything. Go to class because your grade depends on it.
5.0 : Professor Naik is extremely helpful. She is always willing to meet outside of class if you need academic, personal, or professional advice/help. She truly wants to help you achieve and grow as a person. Naik puts a big emphasis on communicating with her and your peers. There's no tests or required text. Grades are based on projects.
4.0 : Celeste is a great professor she is more than willing to help you understand the material. She loves to answer your questions and never judges you no matter how ridiculous it sounds. She gives lots of extra credit opportunities and her tests are basically what she covers in class. As long as you participate and do the group projects, you'll pass.
4.0 : Although she acted a bit rude at times, Celeste was a great professor. Overall easy course. Just show up and do the work. She does not accept anything after the beginning of class so make sure you are on time with your assignments. Professor Naik was very compassionate and believes in her students. She made me feel like I can achieve anything.
3.0 : The professor seemed nice at the beginning of the semester, but once in further to the semester, she is rude and mean sometimes. If your phone rings or your on your phone in class she makes you read your messages. She is really a tough grader and expects certain guidelines that were not mention when she assigns somethings. Don't take her class.
4.0 : Things started off rocky with her, but she's really made the lab a lot more convenient. It's a 3 hour lab but she lets students leave after 1 if they finish early.  The quizzes aren't too hard but the lab practicals are extremely hard! She tries her best inform students what might be on lab practicals. Overall, I would recommend her for Bio 1B Lab!
5.0 : Owen knows his stuff! If you want to learn physio like I do than he is THE MAN! He's on top of his game, and by game I mean it's almost impossible not to pass his lab. Show up do the work grab a beer with him after class and possibly get a tattoo together then your officially considered best friends YOWZA! I highly recomend this tatted up hottie &lt;3
5.0 : Honestly it's because of him I passed anatomy! By no means is this class easy and I recommend spending more time on lab than lecture for the class. Owen knows his stuff, but ask him in person because he's that much better! Just a cool guy overall and you can relate to him in a lot of ways. STUDY THOSE MODELS TOO!
1.0 : Honestly, i cannot understand how students can say that they like this professor. You don't even need him to pass the class, just read the book and review the PPT's. He is irrelevant because he literally just reads the slides. When you ask questions, his answers are ambiguous.  Easy class, but his lectures are boing and repetitive. No dynamic.
4.5 : Professor Gill is very understanding! His pop quizzes come out of no where so go to class! his lectures are usually 25-30 slides long but this was a 3 hour course so it was actually not bad. His exams, however, have everything to do with his lectures and you must read the book to pass. Overall, easy class! (:
5.0 : This is the best professor that I have had in my 4 years at state.I was always eager to learn and just wish that his class was longer than 1 hour,his lectures were that amazing. He's not the type of professor to just read off PPTs,but always makes sure that we fully understand it. Tests are what he tells us to write from the PPT. Easy A overall
5.0 : I have honestly learned more in this class than any other Public Health class or instructor. His teaching style and clarity should be the standard for all PH classes. Gives real life examples and advice that are useful for the workforce etc and explains every concept so clear and thorough that you will understand it. Respected by students
4.0 : His classes are straight forward. You might not need him for the lecture but by going to his class you will have a more in depth understanding by doing so, such as his personal experience since he has a full time job and teaches as well. You just need to review the powerpoint because it is the main points and that will be on the test.
5.0 : Really helpful professor &amp; enjoys all classes. He will make extra time for his students when you need it. Read text book before class, you will take quizzes every so often. Tests are not to bad just make sure you read and look at power points. Would definitely recommend him!
5.0 : Professor Harnak Gill is one of the most amazing professor you will take at Fresno state. His teaching is clearly and organized. Most important he helps you and tells you what you need to study for his exams when he lectures from powerpoint. He is really sweet and makes the class fun :) I recommend everyone to take him !! Easy A, if you put effort.
5.0 : Prof. Gill is awesome!I enjoyed this class from beginning to end. Read powerpoints and chapters before class. If you like transparancy, then this class is yours. You dont have any surprises when it comes to exams.
5.0 : There are 5 pop quizzes that you can easily pass by looking at his PowerPoint slides before class, he tells you in class what is going to be on his tests (5 tests including final) so they're relatively easy, a 2500 word essay (easy, but long). Didn't buy the book but still passed with a high A in the class. Amazing professor overall.
5.0 : He is very helpful and understanding. He made the class very interesting when he includes his personal experiences as well as when he brings props. The exams are very straight forward and he gives pop quizzes. Its a fun class.  Overall very nice instructor.
5.0 : Professor Gill is an awesome professor. He is very nice and will do everything in his power to try to help his students get a good grade! He also tries to do quizzes as a whole class for extra credit points. I recommend taking professor Gill, you will enjoy his class!
4.5 : Professor Gill made health law interesting. He used personal experience to help relate how we may use it in our professions. His class was very interesting and his lecturing style was fun. I would definitely take as class taught by him again.
5.0 : Professor is passionate about public health and all that entails. Cares a lot about his students success and will make the effort to help his students out in any way. Professional and straight forward with what he expects from you. I recommend strongly
5.0 : Professor Gill is a great professor very welcoming and friendly! The material is very straight forward. He uses PowerPoint and during the lecture he tells you what you need to know for the exam. The exams are easy, does require studying your notes in order to get an A! 1 solo and 1 group presentation. Attendance mandatory! Totally recommend him!
5.0 : Read the powerpoints and attend class to get extra notes needed for tests. His tests are clear and straightforward. He makes health relate to everyday life so students can understand it and encourages class participation. If you pay attention and study notes, you will have no problem passing all the assignments. He really is an amazing teacher!
5.0 : Such an easy class for upper division. If you have the chance to get Professor Harnak, get him! Easy quizzes (just review powerpoints on BB before class) and you have 3 exams and final. He tells you beforehand what's going to be on each exam. There's one 8 page paper you have to do, but it's flexible by you getting the choice to pick the topic.
4.5 : It's an easy A class. Gill has an invested interested in our success. (trust me, he probably said that like 7 times during the semester). He gives most of the test questions in lecture. Minimal study; just take notes and pay attention to lecture. Must attend class. Read the book! He has 5 pop quizzes and it will help.
5.0 : Best professor ever. Hes really passionate about teaching and cares for his students. Textbook is not needed but i highly recommend going to class because he tells you exactly whats going to be on the test, which make the exams really easy. Also, there are 5 pop quizzes. I highly recommend him.
4.0 : This course was one that was not hard to pass. He gives an online assignment once a week due Sunday night on blackboard. His assignments are pretty clear. The main focus of writing our papers was writing memos. Ended up with a B because I slacked off in the middle. Other than that, take if you can, it's easy to pass.
5.0 : It's an easy A if you do the online homework questions and study the powerpoints for the tests.
5.0 : Dr. Machoian is really cool &amp; super nice. He can be slow with grading but is fair and always provides feedback. Compared with other BA105W courses, I think he's the easiest if you simply follow the instruction he provides and discusses. There's an easy situational assignment due almost every Sunday, a few tests, one easy paper, and a presentation.
4.0 : Nice guy. Attendance taken everyday but not used in grade calculation (I never went). Weekly assignments are pretty easy (writing). Three exams that are easy (common sense). One research paper on ANY topic you want along with presentation. Extremely easy class. Great teacher. Recommended over Mohle.
5.0 : Do all the assignments and you will get an A! Go to class, it helps with understanding the assignments. Must have the book for this class.
5.0 : There are 9 pretty easy assignments most of them are 1 page, 1 presentation, a report and 3 test. he grade the assignments easy, but for the tests you need to study to Ace them, easy to pass and he also provide study guides for test. if you are planning to take this course take with him for an easy A.
5.0 : Great professor. He has clear grading criteria and when he gives an assignment it is clear what he wants. Weekly assignments, but nothing big just small stuff, 1-2 pages, he goes through in class, easy. Not mandatory but he does take attendance. 1 mid-term and final, but written. He practically walks you through everything.
4.0 : Do not buy the access code you do not need it just the book! Clear cut directions work is kind of annoying because you write in APA style. Work is pretty easy but it does take time and effort to be able to get an A in the class. He does give feedback on each assignment and it is extremely helpful on the midterm and possibly the final as well.
5.0 : I think this was an awesome class! Very easy. Small writing assignments due every weekend + a writing and final writing assignment, but its everything he goes through in the book. For me, this class was basic writing techniques you should already know.  He goes through all assignments and explains in class for about 10-15 minutes.
4.5 : He's a super nice guy and I was always looking forward to seeing what bow tie he was going to wear that day.  For me, the material taught in that class was basic business common knowledge so I tended to get a little bored.  He grades the assignments easy but the tests you need to study for.
5.0 : Great illustrator. Teaches you the skills you need to become better illustrator in the Graphic Design world. Best part of the class is when he talks about copyright law. Great teacher! Very knowledgeable.
4.0 : Good class overall, but I wish we could have done more in-class exercises to prepare us for our projects and have more techniques to learn as well. Kevin is a helpful, if you ask him for help personally. He does keep track of attendance.  Most of the time, we don't use up class time(2hr and 45 min).
1.5 : Shes a tough teacher.
4.5 : Melanie is a great professor  She is a tough teacher but as long as you do the work to the best of your ability you should be fine. She does a good job at explaining the work and what she expects. She has a great sense of humor too! Use office hours if you need help!!
5.0 : Amazing professor! That's why I decided to take her again for 5B after 5A. I really improved my writing in her class, and I enjoyed the topics we wrote our papers on! You write 2 writing projects and 1 final (usually the same as other professors). Melanie really helps you out and makes you a critical thinker. Class goes by so fast, I recommend her!
5.0 : She is a great professor, my favorite by far! Class goes by fast, only 2 writing objects a midterm and final. Some blackboard short writing assignments but that's it! Take her!!
3.0 : This class was very hard and stressful for me. I do not recommended this class at all, it is a lot of work. She is a sweet and very intelligent professor but, the class was not fun. I had to really work hard in order to get the grade I wanted.
4.0 : Professor kachadoorian is a great professor she has a sarcastic personality but she is very helpful and wants her students to succeed. She is very precise in what she wants from her students, but with her guidance you should pass I recommend taking her if you get the chance.
4.0 : Basically shes a really good professor out of the 3 professors i have taken i can tell you she is my favorite. shes honest straight up and doesn't take everyday seriously but still enough to where you are learning and developing the skill. the attendance is mandatory and ask as many questions as possible. highly recommend it
4.0 : Professor Kachadoorian is amazing! She is honestly the best professor ever. She helped me become a better writer and think critical. I really recommend her.
5.0 : If you want a professor that prepares you for collegiate-style writing, then take her. I've learned more from Melanie that I've ever learned in my whole life time about reading, writing &amp; comp. She makes you work for it. Her ability to recognize her own flaws makes her stand out. She doesn't put students 100% accountable for everything.
5.0 : I really liked Melanie's class. At first, I was intimidated and thought that I was gonna fail the class, but she is actually really nice and understanding. You have to do a couple article analysis's, two essays, then a midterm paper. Overall, really great professor I learned a lot from her.
4.0 : She's a great teacher! I love her! she's very inspirational and funny! at first she may seem a little intimidating but shes amazing! Show up and do your work and you'll pass.
5.0 : An amazing English teacher. I'd go as far to say the best I've ever had. She's funny and makes the class interesting. She expects a lot from you but that's good. She gives good feedback on essay and teaches you everything necessary to be successful in writing effectively. go to class and do all homework because the class is based on a grading contr
5.0 : She is a great professor, you need to attend class or you wont pass, tough grading criteria, genuinely nice lady, will help you but you need to make the effort, A LOT of writing, if you do the assignments and attend class you will easily pass. No tests, just 3 writing projects as a midterm and final.
5.0 : She is very straight forward with every assignment, makes everything clear. She's funny and cares for each students improvements. She is also strict on dead lines and attendance so be there! But she's great.
5.0 : She is an amazing professor, I highly recommend her. It was a new experience having another professor for 5B, but she is very helpful. She understands her students, and I actually learned so much in her class. I actually enjoyed writing essays, she gives amazing feedback. She is pretty funny, very inspirational, all around great professor. :)
4.5 : This is my second semester I have been in Melanie's class in both 5A and 5B. She is the kind of person that does not take any excuses from a student because she knows that if she raises the bar on her students they will perform better in her class. I got an A in there but I had to bust my ass to get it just do your work and do what she asks of you.
4.0 : 1 midterm 1 final, great lectures; do not miss negotiation days, gives study guides
3.5 : He's a solid teacher. Gives two tests, study the study guide he gives and you'l do just fine! He lags on giving your grades back, so try to stay on top of that. Negotiations every Thursday or Wednesday and then you get to take off.  Pretty chill teacher and sometimes funny.
5.0 : Insider tip: ask him about his pet lobster and he'll give you extra credit.
3.0 : Your grade is an exact reflection of how much effort you put into the class. Must attend lectures, read required articles (at least main points), and study in-depth for the exams. Know concepts and how to provide examples for exams, definitions are not good enough. Tough class overall, work very hard for an A.
5.0 : I would say the best professor I've had at State. His lectures are clear and to the point. Every week you are role-playing different negotiation situations so class is always interesting. I've learned so much from his lectures that can be applied to the real world. He is knowledgeable and researches thoroughly before lectures. Smart guy
5.0 : I highly recommend taking this course regardless if it is required or not. I feel extremely confident in my negotiating skills after taking this course. Sterling is an excellent professor.
5.0 : If you ask, he will explain everything. He is fair but asks you to go for it.
5.0 : 1B Lab is hard and require lots of effort but Mandeep makes it bearable. he is very nice and patient with you. tbh, i was the really scared about this class but he makes this class easy.i suggest you come to his office hours and ask him to check on your experiment for a better grade. exams are very hard. a B is not hard if you put effort and work.
4.5 : He is very nice and friendly. Do good on lab notebook. quizzes are very similar to homework. good luck.
1.5 : Do yourself a favor and take this class with someone else. This guy is all over the place and inconsistent with grading and isn't helpful during class at all. I'm not even entirely sure he knew what he was doing half the time.
4.5 : Do the homework. Follow Lab note book format correctly (It is worth huge percentage). If need help, go to his office hours.
4.0 : Gives you a solid foundation to prepare you for General Chemistry. Chemistry is a hard subject, and one thing i noticed was that many classmates were trying to "MEMORIZE" material instead of UNDERSTANDING the material. UNDERSTANDING the material will allow you to make better judgements on tests, giving you better scores.
5.0 : This was a time consuming and hard class but professor Singh was really nice and made it easier. He explained the work throughly and always answered any questions. His office hours can get packed pretty quick but I definitely suggest going because he will help you fix any mistakes you made on the hw. He is by far my favorite lab professor yet!
5.0 : Mr. Singh is a great instructor. This was my second time taking this course and chemistry is not my subject, but his teaching style and doing problems on the board made this course interesting and fun....
2.0 : Very hard professor. Doesn't give out a study guide so basically on exams and quizzes, you are on you're own. I am a straight A student and I couldn't pass his class! I studied very hard.. asked for help many times, but, the teacher would never really help.
5.0 : Chemistry is difficult regardless of who teaches it, but Mandeep put in extra effort to ensure everyone understood the material before proceeding with lab. He was always easy going, making a less stressful environment, especially during the practical. Lacked in communication but is always available to bug during office hours.
4.5 : Great professor! A bit tough but, he is always available for office hours and  is always willing to go over assignments problem by problem.  If you follow the lectures and understand what you did in class you should do well in the homework and quizzes. There is a bit of work to get an A, but it is very easy to get a B in this class with him.
4.5 : He is great instructor. I am not chemistry a student but he is very helpful, friendly and always willing to help you.
5.0 : He is very helpful. In order to get A it would take work and make sure you understand your techniques really well. This class is mostly about understanding techniques, which repeated over and over through out the course.
4.0 : There are weekly quizzes &amp; DB posts based off of PowerPoint recorded lectures, assigned readings &amp; a show-The Wire. School analysis project, but no final.  I honestly felt it was too much for a unit 3 class. The assigned reading were each 20 pages, as well as still having to see an hour long episode.. The class is easy but it's time consuming
5.0 : Soc. 148, or Sociology of Education was an awesome class! I really enjoyed the lectures and Dr. Whitley provided a lot of information that was interesting and very thought provoking. The class is not difficult at all and you get to make a big difference in the lives of school-aged children as your service learning project involves working with them
4.5 : I loved Dr. Whitley, she was such a great help and inspiration. I would always be in her office asking questions about the classes I had with her and then some. I took her for Urban Sociology and Education. If I would have not graduated when I did I would have taken more of her classes. To this day I remember her lectures.
4.5 : Professor Whitley is very involved and passionate about Sociology. Her class isn't easy, but she makes it doable. She is very clear and speaks in a relatable way. You will have to participate to pass. Her class isn't hard if you follow all her directions. I would recommend her class. Overall, she is cool, and the class is doable.
4.0 : Tough test, read for homework every night, one big project, and community service is mandatory in this class. If you show up, study, and participate, you'll pass. Learned a lot with this class
4.5 : Professor Whitley's class has been one of the best classes I have take so far. She has such a deep passion for what she teaches.  I would highly recommend Her class. The tests are basically notes from lectures and the tests are questions that are from the study guides. The class quizzes are super easy and are only a few questions.
2.5 : Truthfully I found her to be very closed-minded for someone who teaches you to be open-minded. A lot of the time I would catch attitude from her when I would ask for help but I could tell she was truly passionate towards helping her community and the issues within our nation like hunger and immigration. I did not like her as a professor though.
5.0 : I loved this professor. She is so nice and very educated. She does not have a bad bone in her body. Great lady, I loved her. She made me want to minor in Soc. She is easy to talk to and very funny. Take this class you will love it. I enjoyed every part of the class. There is outside class work but you will not regret it, so beneficial. A++++!
4.5 : Such a sweet heart. She is very kind and generous, although her class is extremely boring. She is not the greatest public speaker, so you loose attention. Read the readings, attend class for credit, and you'll succeed. She offers A LOT of extra credit, so take the opportunity so there is no reason to fail.
5.0 : In general the class material is amazing to learn, the only thing that has to be done in the class is doing ethnographic notes and a paper that is outside what has to be done. There is significant amount of reading every week, however it is fun to learn.
2.0 : I took her class online and her lectures were all recorded. They were so boring and monotone. It was obvious she was reading directly off of a paper. Enroll if you dare- so boring and not engaging in the slightest.
2.5 : This class is very easy all together. She grades harshly on essay's and puts A LOT of corrections and opinions on your paper. Be careful if you are conservative, she is very liberal. She is very nice and helpful if you talk to her in person about some concerns. Overall, easy A.
4.5 : Rural Sociology. Very passionate and concerned about her students and the community, but if you want to pass her class be prepared to read and participate in  class discussions, take good notes, her tests come from lectures and reading. Expect volunteer work outside the classroom that will help you apply and understand what she is teaching in class
4.0 : Professor Whitley is great. Good amount of reading and writing assignments. Really nice and helpful. I would definitely take her again.
4.5 : Took 2 upperdivision classes from this Professor; very pleasant experience. She assigned affordable paperbacks and posts other readings on BB. She uses iClicker; attendance is a must.  Lectures are interesting but can be dry when they turn into discussions. Both classes had large projects but they are manageable. Tests are tough! Highly recommend
4.5 : I like Dr Whitley. I find her easy to relate too and approachable. She makes herself available to help students. You will have to read and attend class to do well in her class. Both classes required work outside of class for large serviceresearch projects but easily doable. This helped me see how what I was learning applied to the world.
3.0 : There is a lot of reading in this online course. I do not like the fact that if you loose internet connection while completing the test/quiz, she will not even allow you to explain (you get what you get). Her recorded lectures are very boring and annoying too. Take good notes as you read and you should do good.
5.0 : Really helpful professor, will assist you whenever you need it. She cares about her students and very passionate for what she does. I have recommended this class for other peers and they enjoyed being in there. One of the best professors I have taken at FSU This course will change the way you see the world for the better :)
4.5 : Dr. Whitley is a wonderful person and a great professor. She cares about her students and the community. Dr. Whitley strives to ensure everyone knows the material and is successful on the exams. Come to class prepared to participate.
4.5 : Dr. Whitley is really passionate about her role as a professor. Her test can be difficult but if you pay attention and do good notes you will have no problem. She makes the class fun and has the class get involved with the community. I highly recommend taking Dr. Whitley
5.0 : Great professor! Very passionate in what she does. Comes from a humble upbringing and has a lot of passion to give back to the community in need as well as has a great passion for education in low income communities. Do the readings and you will pass. Gives out a lot of readings daily, but trust me they are super interesting! I recommend her
5.0 : This class was an easy A if you read the chapters, extra readings, and do the weekly modules. There are no exams, only quizzes and responses. The book is very small and thin. This class is DOABLE if you just take an hour or two to sit down, read, and type in your responses. The final was a paper! EASY A!
5.0 : Dr. Whitley has to be one of the most down to earth, approachable professors I've ever met. Her lectures are fun and relevant. She encourages her students to think about how the material applies in our own lives. She has a lot of passion for working in the community and that clearly shines through. Highly recommended!
4.0 : Good class, wasn't difficult at all. It was just a matter of doing the work. Lots of reading material aside from the textbook, we had to watch The Wire, and a big project throughout. Lectures were okay and she gave good feedback on online posts.
5.0 : The professor is very organized and well structured, she reminds you weekly what you have due and is very generous! Easy A! I was a bit scared to take this class after I read the reviews, but it was the total opposite! Would definitely recommend.
4.0 : Whitley is an amazing professor and loves what she does! she cares a lot about her students and the community! she is very sweet and her lectures are actually interesting. Only 3 tests which aren't hard if you know what is going on and you only have in class reading quizzes once in a while. She is truly inspirational and truly changed my views
4.0 : Dr. Whitley is talented and extremely passionate about the field of sociology. As a student who is NOT a sociology major she made the class interesting and relateable. I encourage anyone to take this class with her!
3.0 : I took her for two online classes so far and they were a little difficult (for being online classes that is). Dr. Whitely does expect you to read and actually comprehend the material. The discussion boards were not hard but the online quizzes are a bit difficult.
5.0 : I took Sarah Whitley for soc 163 and I enjoyed the class. We had weekly test not hard if you just pay attention to the reading an lectures. Discussion boards were easy and the final was a video analysis to show what you learned. Overall a great class. She responds to emails quickly.
5.0 : I would definitely recommend taking spanish with her! Really helpful and hilarious.  Book was mandatory for my class.  The homework is online.  Exams are easy and she gives you study guides for each one.  There were a few essays and class presentations but it wasn't too difficult.
4.5 : She is very helpful and easy! Homework is super easy and so are the tests.
4.0 : so far .. shes awesome .. 1000 word essays with accentos are the hard ones but other than that its chill.. packet only cost 10 dollars and is used as a textbook
4.0 : She is a very caring instructor and teaches Spanish very eloquently. She has an accent, so she may be difficult to understand, but if you're Hispanic, it won't be too hard to make out what she says. She is very funny. Lectures are very dull, but it's all about grammar and culture. Know how to conjugate and you'll do fine. And always have your book!
4.5 : Passed with 103 percent.  gives extra credit for showing up when half the class is gone!  super easy tests and tells you what exactly will be on them. 3, 1 page essays on random topics . Homework online.  The book was pricey.  135 dollars.
5.0 : Best Spanish professor ever !!!
5.0 : Take this class! Very easy, spanish is a must for this course as well as reading skills. You will have to read out loud. Super easy!!!!
2.0 : An essay, a midterm and a presentation on a 1,000 word paper all due in the same week due to her lack of organizational skills. Don't take this class unless it's the ONLY class on your schedule. What a sick joke!
4.0 : She is a really sweet and adorable Mexican lady, who talks entirely in Spanish (somtimes Spanglish). This class is titles "Spanish for Conversation", however, it is definitely more of a reading, answering questions about the readings, then taking tests type of class.
5.0 : Very helpful!! I learned so much from Professor Lopez. She is so amazing
4.0 : She is an awesome professor! "I'm serious" haha she says that majority of the time. No textbook needed, just a packet the spanish department put together which was $5. Super easy quizzes and tests. Gives study guides for exams and gives the answers in class. I would take her class again :)
5.0 : Best teacher I ever had. I love her! she super funny and you will enjoy her class. You learn and she's fun and entertaining. She also likes to help her students in whatever is in her reach and is very understanding. The test and homework are very easy.
4.0 : Senora Lopez is a great teacher. Her class isn't an easy A, but it's also nothing too difficult. Show up and study and you'll be fine. She offers extra credit which I recommend taking advantage of.
5.0 : Sra. Lopez is a very nice and funny instructor. She uses both Spanish and English in class. Not a hard class at all especially is you already speak Spanish. Her exams and quizzes are super easy, she tells you exactly what to expect. She's always willing to work with you if you have any problems. I'm definitely going to take more of her classes.
5.0 : She was really nice &amp; understanding. Gave great lectures &amp; had reviews before quizzes on Kahoot which were very fun. There are 5 chapters of online homework assignments, 5 essays &amp; quizzes, 1 presentation towards the end of the semester. 3 exams and the final. She gives extra credit at the end of the semester if you show up everyday too class.
5.0 : Senora Lopez is so funny and really cool! She cares a lot for her students. We do presentations and frequent essays and quizzes but they are fairly easy to do. She is a very easy grader and an awesome professor to have
5.0 : Dr. Bryant, is what you wish EVERY professor would hope to be. Her lectures are great, and it makes you WANT to go to class. Seriously. Not only do you learn a lot from her lectures, but you're able to speak your mind on anything and she won't care. She's so awesome and hilarious, Fresno State is lucky to have her.
5.0 : Not a difficult class whatsoever. As a matter of fact, the professor is so passionate,  lectures are so fun! I looked forward to this class every week. Lots of Extra Credit! Tests are easy if you come to lecture and pay attention. There are papers, but they're not bad at all. Take Dr. Bryant if you can! Best Poli Sci professor at Fresno State!
5.0 : Hands down the one of the best polisci professors. She is knowledgeable and engaging. Not only that, she also presents opportunities to students. In all my years as an undergrad, she's been the best professor and I have learned so much from her class. Attendance is mandatory to pass, tests are based from lectures, and encouraged to do the reading.
5.0 : Dr. Bryant is an amazing professor who is really passionate about political behavior. Weekly hw assignments but all you really have to do is summarize articles. Very easy! There is one presentation that sounds really intimidating but I actually really enjoyed it. Lots of class discussion on very interesting topics. Looked forward to this class
5.0 : Dr. Bryant is very knowledgable about politics/history and her lectures show it.  She's also very nice and very approachable. We had quite a bit of writing to do this semester, but the grading was very easy and the topics were not difficult. Do the work, get the A, call your Congressman, and thank Dr. Bryant for being awesome.
4.5 : Amazing teacher! Lectures are interesting because she is passionate about her job. She gives a lot of extra credit opportunities so I don't see how anyone can fail the class. She makes everything clear and answers any questions you have.
5.0 : Dr. Bryant is a sweet lady and a smart woman. Her lectures are interesting and although she seems very set in her political beliefs she doesn't try to make you think a certain way or become a liberal. She tells things how they are and is very flexible on the political spectrum and she teaches everything. She grades fairly and gives out study guides
5.0 : interesting lectures. she treats her students with respect and want you to do well in class. gives opportunities to succeed in class
4.0 : She was alright. She only gave two extra credit opportunities but they were to guest speakers you had to go attend and they were both when most of the class had other classes, so we didn't get any extra credit. She does random assignments in class so attendance is mandatory. Because I missed a few of the 10pt in class assignments, i got a B.
3.5 : Dr. Bryant is so passionate about politics, she even tears up while reading the constitution. There were no class assignments just one term paper about the constitution and reading everyday before class. Her tests are based off the lectures in class so don't miss out, even if she doesn't take attendance. 4 exams no final. Study hard!!!!!!!
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had at CSU Fresno. Really easy class and she is extremely nice. Attendance isn't mandatory, but you should try to go as much as possible. I missed class here and there and still got an A. Tests are exactly from the notes in lecture. I wish she could teach another class of mine.  Don't hesitate to enroll in her class at all!
5.0 : In the beginning it was tough. Make sure you go to every class because she does not post powerpoints online although she does post them a couple of days before the test. Tests are mostly what is on the study guide. She also offers a lot of extra credit. I love her and you can tell she loves teaching and is passionate about politics.
4.5 : Most passionate professor in the Political Science department, too bad she is only an associate. Highly recommended, very knowledgeable and covers a lot of material. Her attendance is mandatory but you will want to go because she is super engaging and cool. One of the best professors I've had!!
5.0 : Had to retake this course because failed it the first time but second time was so much more interesting because of Dr. Bryant! She's nerdy funny making class more enjoyable! All the lectures and topics were very informative and interesting.  Not much homework - 2 case studies, a midterm &amp; a final, and a research policy paper.
4.0 : Dr Bryant is Amazing! Gives a ton of extra credit opportunities because she really want all of students to pass.  she replies to emails very quickly. Her lectures are easy to follow and understand. I had retake this course and I wish all of my professors were like her. she really cares about her students success and does what she can to help. :)
5.0 : Very easy class. Loved her lectures. Shes very passionate about teaching poli sci so it makes it very interesting to learn. Shes always willing to help you so you shouldnt have a hard time passing her class.
5.0 : She is Amazing and loves politics!!! She wants students to get involve in politics and know what is goin' on in the world. Many opportunities to get EC!!! Three term papers (the longest one should not be less than 700 words). There are three test and study guide for each (study guide includes just the head topic).   Take it!!!
5.0 : Dr. Bryant is new and is by far the best professor I have had at Fresno State, bar none. She is hilarious and really energetic and keeps you engaged, even when talking about boring topics. She tests you on exactly what she lectures on. No surprises and she's a very fair grader. She's super easy to approach and will go out of her way to assist.
5.0 : Easy class. Great professor and she goes into detail with her lectures. No homework and class attendance is not mandatory. The book is optional but honestly you don't really need it. 3 exams, final, and 3 easy essays throughout the semester. Take notes when you can since they will be helpful for the study guides.
5.0 : Dr. Bryant is a great teacher! Turned a class about public policy into something actually interesting. Very friendly and helpful, grades fairly, and her tests only cover the material she puts up during lectures. Attendance is mandatory, but showing up to her class really isn't a drag at all. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Easy class. Very easy to communicate with. Gives a lot of extra credit opportunities at the end of the semester. Lectures almost every class. She is very knowledgeable about politics, and makes it not boring to learn about. Overall, great teacher, loved the class.
5.0 : She was one of my easiest teachers I've taken all year. She is good at keeping the lecture interesting. She knows that we are college students so she lets us turn in SOME assignments late. She gives us a week break from class on the semester and she canceles class often so she is very lenient on work. I would take here 100 more times
5.0 : You'll learn a lot of things in taking Carleigh's poetry class, and you'll be amazed on how many poems you'll write. This class is very fun, innovative, and engaging. There's also peer workshops each week, which is essential to hear feedback on everybody's poems. Did I mention she's also hilarious too?!
5.0 : Seriously the best English teacher EVERRRRRR. She is dedicated into improving her students English skills. If you look up the word amazing in a dictionary, her name will be there. TAKE HER. You won't regret it. For sure you will pass. Love her.
4.0 : Carleigh is a great teacher overall, she's young so she's hilarious and keeps us interested because she has great stories to tell. There is a good amount of reading and writing but it's definitely doable. Definitely get the textbooks because you'll use them often. Try not to ask "dumb" questions or she won't reply/give you a "dumb" answer.
5.0 : I really enjoyed having Carleigh as my professor. She gives out great lectures to make learning seem more invigorating and is also helpful at giving helpful tips on improving students reading and writing skills - she is an awesome editor too. The work isn't that bad if you commit to it, but you'll really see a change in the way you read and write.
4.0 : Very easy class. Do the work and you should be fine. The writing assignments are very easy and clear. Shes always willing to help her students. Great Professor.
4.0 : Very nice and understanding woman. She was very clear on what she expects of students, don't be scared by her course documents. Homework was mainly provided (online) readings, summarizing, analyzing, and imitating the readings (all short and 13 in total). Final  own fictional story, and no tests. Great class and would recommend her, 10/10.
4.5 : On my first class with her she went over the whole syllabus and stated clearly everything that needs to be done in class, upon hearing that I was tempted to drop my class but I am so glad I didn't. There is not a lot to do when students go meet in class, most of the work is writing critiques and short imitations outside of class. My favorite class!
5.0 : Loretta's a really down-to-earth instructor. She's honest that there's a lot of writing &amp; reading (short stories like 1-6pgs), but it's extremely helpful for your final story so do it. Everything's on BB, but it's best to attend cause the in-class discussions help. You really can't fail this class UNLESS you decide not to do any of the assignments.
4.5 : Awesome professor! She only expects you to show up on las and do your work. Her work isn't even that hard. Love her class! Would take again if I could.
4.0 : The readings are provided/online, meaning you don't have to buy a book. The readings are also fairly short, nothing more than 10 pages. Homework is imitating what you read but more free. Can be scary at first (ie first week) but she does that to weed out bad students. After that, everything is a breeze especially the final (creating your own story)
4.0 : Such a great professor! very helpful and always tries her best for you to learn. her office hours are the best way to reach her when you need help! textbook is used daily and show up to class! i strongly recommend her for english 5
5.0 : Good Professor. Really was one of my more thought provoking classes. The way she structures her classes helps to make getting to know your fellow classmates better and to not be sitting there in some cliché GE class where no one talks. She's definitely not afraid to speak her mind which I enjoy in any person. Cant go wrong taking her.
5.0 : Professor Kennedy was great!!! A lot of people were complaining that she was making us write a lot but really it is only 3 papers and you just keep revising them until the Final Portfolio. I would highly recommend this professor for this class.
3.5 : Pretty good class for the most part. Do the work and it is easy.
4.0 : Pros; Class outline is online and always updated, no quizzes or tests, 3 essays in total, assignments  easy but time consuming, very helpful/clear on what she expects, willing to work with students  Cons: Class time  sometimes unnecessary, long readings, sometimes gave busy work  Very nice woman, would definitely take classes from her again.
5.0 : show up to class and do all homeworks and you can easily pass! love the teacher and cant wait for next semester!
3.5 : She's great! Just do what she asks and you will pass!
5.0 : Never had a teacher who cared as much as him.  He is an amazing professor and I actually gained knowledge of what he was teaching. He was always available to accommodate you whenever you needed. If you show up to class you're guaranteed to pass. Fresno state is lucky to have a professor like him.
5.0 : He's amazing
5.0 : Amazing MFA graduate student who taught this class. Hilarious and encouraged us to put work into our original short stories. 2 short stories. For the final, we had to revise 1 of our stories and read 2-3 pages to the class as the final exam. Easy A, lots of reading and writing, but really fun environment for those who like to write! No textbook.
5.0 : There are no exams, just papers. He was really lenient and helpful whenever you ask for help. I would recommend him! The only drawback is that he takes a long time to grade papers. He rarely gives feedback on them.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. He's hilarious and completely willing to help you out as well as let's you express yourself. Only thing to complain about is the lack of grading; still haven't seen my grades yet for any of my papers. But other than that an awesome teacher.
5.0 : Grades quickly. gives point for class participation.
3.5 : he has lots of good experience in research. This class is hard for ed majors because it was stats.
4.0 : Great  professor and a great guy. He is extremely helpful. This class maybe hard, however, if you put a lot of effort and see him during his office hours you will pass.
5.0 : SHE'S AWESOME, VERY HELPFUL KNOWS HER MATERIAL. LONG LECTURES BUT SHE GIVES YOU A STUDY GUIDE AND GOES OVER IT IN CLASS. IF YOU DO YOU'R PART YOU'LL DO JUST GREAT. I REALLY RECOMMEND TAKING HER! :)
4.0 : This class is easy but it's how much you put into it. If you study well for the exams, you'll do fine. If you don't, you will fail!
4.0 : Dr. K, is pretty great! Her class is enjoyable, and easy to learn the material. She is very clear about what shes asking for and may be lenient depending on the circumstances. She absolutely loves participation and is a HUGE star wars fan. Her class was enjoyable and I would definitely take again.
5.0 : Dr. kieckhaefer is truly an amazing woman. even though she doesn't take attendance, you want to go to class because the exams are based mostly off of her lectures. She really cares about your grade and is easy to contact her but she won't give you a grade you didn't earn. Exams are tough but if you pay attention you will do well
5.0 : Fantastic instructor. Very clear and on point in lectures. Although attendance isn't "mandatory" show up to class and read the book! Exams quite difficult.
4.0 : Dr. K makes this online course easy and simple to complete. You focus on a chapter a week and are required to write a DB post and reply to 2 other students posts and complete a 20 question quiz by Sunday. There are 3 tests and 1 final, which she requires you to film yourself while taking the test using Lockdown Browser. 1 writing assignment
5.0 : She's an awesome professor!! She makes the online class easy to handle. Each week it's a discussion post and 2 replies. 2 quizzes. I took it for a summer term, and love it! She's always available to help and very nice! she makes the material easy to understand and comprehend. Overall would definitely take again at FIU
4.0 : She's pretty cool, sometimes has a flat affect but most of the time is really nice and explains things really well. Her tests are true to lecture and she provides study guides. Easy A if you study.
4.5 : easy class no need textbook.
5.0 : Professor Kieckhaefer is a great professor she is always willing to answer question even during lectures to make material more clear. The test questions go along with the Lecture notes so if you attend class regularly and take good notes you will do well, she also provides a study guide and review day prior to exam. Overall I would recommend!
4.5 : Very interesting class, She uses a lot of examples which makes the class easier and she is also really helpful. I think she should cut down on the notes some of the notes aren't really needed for the test but if you want a class where you will learn something this is definitely the class, always dressed very professional.
5.0 : Dr. K, is a great professor. Go to class take notes and participate. If you have a question she is eager to help, just ask. I love her personality, she is very sarcastic and is hilarious (if you don't know her you may not know she's joking). I'd suggest to taking her Criminal Psychology over Skrapec. My suggestion is, participate in class, she like
5.0 : Dr. Kieckhaefer is the best professor. She is the reason you want to go to class and learn besides the subject of the class. I wish she taught more classes and in person. She loves Star Wars, super cool and funny. She makes lectures interesting, which is a plus!
4.0 : Alright so we all know online classes are not the easiest, however, if you want to take this class online, make sure you stay on top of your due dates, read and study. This class is so interesting and all it takes is effort. There is 1 discussion post, 2 comments, and a quiz due every week. Then there's a test for each chapter that requires a prog
4.0 : Lectures are imperative. She is clear &amp; concise on expectations. 3 tests throughout semester with weekly quizzes - read text to pass quizzes. She provides study guide for tests. Hard but fair grader. She knows her stuff. Hip &amp; relevant too
5.0 : Took her for Crim 170 and i would have to say she was fun to have. She has a great attitude and is really cool to talk to . She is a person that is willing to help out her students if you ask for it.
3.5 : Really chill dude, lecture has the exact same content as the textbook. Read and you'll be fine.
4.0 : Do the Three papers he assigns or else you will fail!!! Not a bad class at all. He is also a cool teacher! I failed unfortunately, due to me being to lazy and not doing the papers. They literally only had to be one page and you have like a month to do each one. There is also 1 mandatory ride along and 2 mandatory field trips one you do on your own.
5.0 : Easiest teacher ever im taking his class again because unfortunately due to forgetfulness I didn't pass.
3.0 : You take your tests online but the questions are quite ridiculous to find. He would cancel class once in awhile but not much complaining as the class was less interesting after halfway through the semester. You do a group presentation that requires you to create a police department based on one with a similar population. He wasn't tough on grading.
5.0 : had him for Crim 2 and loved him! Had him one a week, super chill, quiz a week for each chapter with 3 reflection papers on jail tour, ride along, and court visit. Have to buy the book. lectures are not long as he cares that you have other classes.
5.0 : Captain Dadian is an easy flowing instructor, he understands that we have other work for other classes so he tries to be easy on us. He's straight to the point! One of the best instructors I have  so far. If he's available take him :)
4.0 : Shane Wood is a great professor, hes smart and cares A LOT for his students.He gives homework every class meet, but only because we only met twice a week. He's extremely helpful with the midterm and final. Its going to be a lot of writing, but that's how every english class is going to be.I would definitely recommend him.
5.0 : "Teach" cares about his students. The class had a lot of work, but Teach is extremely helpful and wants you to do well. Teach knows what he's talking about. I'd recommend this class.
5.0 : Shane Wood is a great teacher. Really cares about his students. Will ask at end of class to make sure everyone knows what's going on assignment wise. Highly recommend this class!
5.0 : Super helpful. Love him.
5.0 : HE is great dude. Love him so much duh
5.0 : One of the best professor that I have taken at Fresno State. Even though it was a night class, work overall was easy. Recommended to all who is looking to take the course!
5.0 : I was dreading this class because I hate writing papers, but Mr. McComas makes the class interesting.  He assigns short papers (1-2 pages) throughout the semester and one longer research paper at the end, all of them had interesting topics that were easy to write about.  If you show up to class and do the assignments, it will be an easy A.
5.0 : He was the best English teacher I've had by far. I passed his class, attended every lecture. The quizzes feel more like tests, but they are all common sense based questions. He's very friendly, easy to get along with, and only gives assignments he know you'll use in the real world.
4.0 : Mr. McComas was an excellent professor this past semester. The only thing is the way he grades assignments. You can end up doing well on 1 paper, then write another paper the same way and get graded lower. He teaches you how to properly write memos and think business-professional. He gives great tips for future references. Grading is weak.
5.0 : I Love Love LOVE Shadi's lab class! She is cool and very helpful. If you need help, she'll help you at her best. I highly recommend you taking her as a lab instructor. Attend her labs, do your lab work and do well on the quizzes and you'll pass. If I could, I would retake her lab class all over again. :)
5.0 : Overall, Shadi was a wonderful instructor. The class was pretty easy. Quizzes weren't that bad, and the notebook was easy. Easy grader!
3.0 : She is a great instructor and very knowledgeable researcher. Love the way she teach.
5.0 : She is smart. Funny, willing to help everyone and awesome TA. Recommend to everyone
3.5 : Awesome TA
5.0 : Awesome, helpful, serious instructor. She was helping me an entire semester. Easy on grading.
5.0 : You should take bio 10 with her
5.0 : Shadi is the best Bio10 teacher you can have for lab. There are quizzes every lab session which you just need to look over what is going on in lab for the day, and two writing assignments. She grades easy if you just show effort. BEST TEACHER EVER!
5.0 : She's a good lab instructor and makes your life a little easier.
5.0 : Shadi was my favorite teacher by far! She is always there to help out and is very easy to talk to and ask for help. If you pay attention and interact with her when needing help you will do great in the class.
5.0 : Easy class, Easy Teacher. You would enjoy the class. Relax and take it slow.
3.0 : Shadi was not very helpful or seemed to care much. However, she made the class simple. I kinda wish we did more of the procedure for PCR and some other things. But I supposed she figured there would too much error and the results may not be reliable.
5.0 : NO BOOK REQUIRED JUST THE LAB MANUAL FOR LAB REPORTS. SHES EASY ON GRADING AND MAKES HER POINT CLEAR. SHES A GREAT PROFESSOR. I DO RECOMMEND HER.
5.0 : he is super smart! although the subject was boring itself, he was really nice, and helpful!
3.0 : Very intelligent man. Too intelligent actually. I don't believe he understands how truly confusing the material is, so he goes over concepts way too quickly. Extremely long and boring lectures. Half the class would be on their phones! But two things that are for sure is that mik makes you work for a good grade and he is fair !
4.0 : This class was the most difficult class I have taken. Mik is SOOO intelligent it makes it hard to understand. You need to understand Statistics prior to this class as well. While this class is VERY hard, Mik is very willing to help and met up with you. You need to submit weekly summaries and the tests and quizzes are very difficult, but he's funny!
3.0 : First of all this class for me was difficult because I did not understand the material. I received additional tutoring in the learning center use it. The homework helped a lot in my final grade, as for the 4 test I received all C's and his final is cumulative but if you try your hardest you can definitely pass and have full dedication.
5.0 : This class takes a lot of time and effort, and Mik is more than willing to help all of his students succeed. He made what could be a dull and dry subject very enjoyable.
4.5 : Mik is an amazing professor So intelligent and really passionate about what he''s teaching. Yeah the class is a tough class to take but I highly recommend taking him for both Psych 42 and Psych 144. He is always willing to meet with you and clarify anything that you''re not understanding. Honestly best professor I have taken at State so far.
4.5 : This course is very challenging, and the lectures are the same. but if your interested in the Psych. field Mik is the professor to take he makes sure you get the material his test are detailed and an explanation of your answer is always required. So understanding the subjects is essential to passing. My final grade was a B.
4.0 : Mik's class has been the hardest one I've taken! His lectures are long and can get confusing. He goes through a lot of material very quickly. Tests are HARD with very few multiple choice, mostly short answeressay. Only 200 points total so there is very little room for error. This class is hard but can be passed, take advantage of his office hours!
5.0 : Her class is very difficult mainly because of the material but she is always willing and able to answer questions. She is very knowledgeable and has lots of interesting stories to tell (she can go off on tangents though, which she lets you know the first night of class). She is reliable, makes the material easy to understand and is easy on the eyes
4.0 : One of the best instructors I've had.  She's hilarious without even trying to be.  she's always happy and you can just tell that she loves her job. very caring. It's not a super easy A but it's not difficult either. Just go to class and pay attention. There is a group project so beware of that, but it's not too bad.  She's awesome! Whoop Whoop! :D
5.0 : Really nice, helpful, and organized. Clear about expectations and lecture. Class isn't "mandatory," but there is a pop quiz almost every week so you have to go. Tests are hard if you don't study, but if you pay attention and do the work they're not hard to pass. Passionate about the subject. I went to class just because I liked her.
3.5 : Quiz almost every night (10 Quizzes  100 pts). You MUST read your textbook and study A LOT for the test. Her quizzes, midterm, and final are very difficult. You can pass this class but it's NOT an "Easy A." She's a nice and understanding professor and very passionate about the topic. She only skims chapter so you MUST READ to do well on test.
5.0 : My favorite professor!  I actually learned a lot from him, and his tests are easy as long as you study your notes.
5.0 : Easiest class you will ever take. Only 3 tests and they are all multiple choice. On top of that he grades on a curve. Easy A!
5.0 : Wow!! He is by far one of my favorite professors, love his stories and how they tie in with the content. This class could have been so awful and he made it soooooo amazing. His tests are from the Power points and stories he shares in class. Go To Class, he teaches u what you need to know and than you leave. No games or busy work. love him!
4.5 : His 182 class was easy! It might be scary at first but trust me, the tests are straightforward.  Book is not require.
4.0 : Professor Liao is really good at helping students understand the material. He works directly in this field and has many stories that he likes to share with the class. His material is really easy and as long as you show up, pay attention, and look over the DSM-5 you'll get an A. Super easy course and fun!
5.0 : Dr. Liao is a wonderful professor with quirky humor and some great stories. He's extremely involved and eager to help students at any cost. Would definitely take him again!
5.0 : He is so awesome!! His lectures are exactly what the DSM-5 book is so not really required. When he gives his lectures he tells some amazing stories. He only ask for one paper towards the end of the semester and there were only two test and the final. The test is based on the lectures.  I would recommend him for any psych classes :)
5.0 : He is so clear straight-forward. best class ever. learned a lot. short and sweet
5.0 : Professor Liao is helpful and the class is based on lectures. No homework assignments but show up to class because it is important for the exams based on lecture. Powerpoints are given and his lectures are interesting.
5.0 : Professor Liao was a great instructor, I enjoyed his class! there was literally no homework assignments, you just have to study for the exams. His lectures pretty much cover everything you need to know, so if you take good notes you will A's his exams. There is one final paper due at the end of the semester, other than that very lite coursework :)
5.0 : He is a great professor.  The lectures are very interesting and keep your attention. One paper and 3 tests that are really easy. He reviews for the test and practically gives you the questions and answers. Very nice man who is easy to talk to and will answer any question you have.
4.0 : Professor Liao is an amazing professor. He listens to his students concerns, clear about expectations and he's there to help you pass the class. His exams are easy as long as you attend the review session. And honestly there is something very sexy about his genuine personality.
5.0 : Interesting and fun class! He sticks to the basics and doesn't require memorization of the DSM-5. Everything on the exams are covered in lecture so attendance is a must. Study guide is super helpful for the exams also. Easy A if you show up to class!
5.0 : Took a class last semester with instructor landau. I didn't really want to take the class but all i needed was a 1 unit course. The class was super easy and he was hilarious. He makes jokes constantly. Also he's really hot
5.0 : Super easy class and fun.  He's really laid back and you just have to show up to class to get credit.  He's pretty funny too.
5.0 : By far the easiest class ever all you have to do is show up and play. Plus he is a pretty cool guy and laid back. Best part though is the fact that the people in there were extremely competitive which made it that much better!
5.0 : Professor Landau is one of the best professors I have ever taken. He is a confident and outstanding lecturer and keeps everyone motivated to do well. He cares about his students and is very accommodating to students. The girls in the class would always get distracted by his good looks, but he knew how to keep things professional. Recommend 100%!!!
3.0 : This class has LOTS of papers to write. This teacher expects a lot out of you, so if you want to an  "A"  you must attend class and do ALL  the papers and you'll be fine. If you a lover of writing papers every week, I would recommend this class for you!!!  Overall, he is a good teacher!
4.0 : Navarro's class was very easy. There are NO tests!!!! The work consists of a couple summaries, one research paper and a reading journal. He does not stick to the schedule but overall his class is easy.
4.5 : amazing course, wonderful professor!
5.0 : Upper division writing course was so much easier and more interesting than I thought it would be! Very understanding professor and helpful. I learned more than I thought I would in his class. Participate in lectures, do the assigned work, and if you are struggling talk to him. GREAT LECTURES!
4.5 : It was a writing class and I thought id be bored to death, but I really liked his class. He sets up discussions of really important social issues and you actually learn what you can do to help. Also, he is not like most instructors. Class is fun. You can tell he cares and it makes you care more. hes also a lovable person.
4.0 : This was my favorite class all semester. Great professor he really cares about his students. Really relaxed class, participate in the discussions and you will have fun. No tests just papers which are easy. Topics that he talks about are really interesting. Never missed a class.
5.0 : I did not know whether college was for me and just by being a part of Dr. Navarro's class, I found some inspiration. Best professor at Fresno State. He really made me see the world differently and that is a gift that I never expected to receive. This course changed my life. I definitely recommend!
4.0 : Funniest professor ever! I was really dreading taking a W course, but Navarro made it so much better than I expected it to be. The required reading is not bad at all because it is super interesting. I had a high B, but did the easiest extra credit to get an A. Take his course even if you aren't a soc major!
4.0 : Carrie really cares about her students as she will have conferences to help with their essays. Just ask her to go over instructions as sometimes she can be a bit unclear or confusing.
4.5 : Is very kind and always happy, also does a great job of grading assignments quickly. A lot of work but very helpful, easy class if you do your work.
4.5 : She gives homework everyday on Blackboard so she could be intimidating but it's nothing you can't handle. She really cares about her students and is very helpful. She is quick to answer to her emails.
4.5 : She is an amazing professor. Her class gives a lot of helpful information. You do have to complete 45 hours at a school and there is no test other than the final which is accumulative but it is take home and all the answers are on the powerpoints. GREAT CLASS and PROFESSOR!
5.0 : Really EASY professor and class IS MANDATORY. Class can be boring at times since you only meet once a week. She does have you do 45 hours at a school site observating a teacher. One final, group presentation, and the rest are mini papers that are only worth 10 points (not assigned every week). Do the work and you can pass the class with an A.
3.0 : You have to have 45 hours of class observation to pass the class.  she is friendly but the topic of educational standards seems to drag on forever.  still waiting for first test and semester is almost over. new to teaching this subject and its obvious
4.5 : Very prompt on her grading. She has an attendance policy, but she makes class worth going to. It was an all around fun class with a lot of energy!
4.5 : Ms. Montes is a tough grader but if you pay attention you will learn quite a bit and can improve your public speaking skills.  Occasional pop quizzes for extra credit. 3 speeches and 2 papers. One midterm and one final. Attendance is mandatory but that's okay because lectures are never boring and she's funny.
4.0 : Miss Montes was a cool professor, she is young which makes it easy to talk to her. Two tests, three speeches, some extra credit pop quizzes. By the end of the semester I figured out she was a in a sorority so when I came in hungover she would just laugh at me. Would take again!
4.0 : Professor Montes taught the course well. She was very helpful, and took the time to assist me one on one when I was not understanding an assignment. I can not wait to take more communication courses with her.
3.0 : She was an interesting professor! She likes dry humor.
5.0 : Very easy class, no Friday class, exams are all online. The class itself was very enjoyable too. He was a very cool professor, always willing to work with you. Definitely a must take.
5.0 : Professor Boyle is Awesome! He is very passionate about languages and his studies. He gives take home exams with a week to complete. The work is confusing in class so the lectures help out a lot. If you email him photos of your take home exams before its due he will correct your work so you have a chance of receiving a better grade. Only few hwks
5.0 : Boyle is, by far, the greatest professor I've taken so far, here at State! His lectures are really interesting. You MUST be there to learn. If you miss class, he'll question why you weren't there. Project that he assigns is long; don't procrastinate. We had mostly take home exams, so you can use notes to help. Take him!
3.5 : Too many essays for a general education class. Lectures are very boring. Says to read book for testsessays but there is hardly any information there and lecture notes don't help enough to finish paper. Grades hard for essays.
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had!!!! You can tell he has a Ph.D by his amazing lectures. He really helps you understand the material and the best part is that he helps each student individually during class. All the H.W and tests are based on class work.
4.5 : Dr. Boyle is an AMAZING teacher! I love his passion and humor in teaching. Don't be afraid to ask for help. He loves it when students comes to him for help. You wouldn't want to miss class though, because everything is base off of his lectures, but he gives very interesting lecture and it's always fun.
4.5 : Love him! He's new to the school, but so awesome he really explains things that were not clear in other classes and makes a point to get to know his students!
5.0 : The Class was fairly easy, just show up everyday you'll be fine. He does take attendance, not sure if it brings the grade down. you don't need the book.
4.0 : He's a easy teacher! I love how the way he teach the class, its not confusing. If you get stuck on the word he will help you out. The quiz are pretty easy. I love to take his class again!
5.0 : Cool professor. Works hard. Trust us as students. Treats us as adults. Open to new ideas. Helpful. Willing to meet at any time.
5.0 : I took his class this semester. Very cool teacher indeed.  Has excellent lectures. Taught me to care about my culture and to respect Hmong a whole lot more. He knows his stuff and is very humble about it.
3.0 : Loved his class.... whenever we did have class. Took his class this spring 2017 and he canceled half the semester. I felt bad for the non native Hmong speakers who tried to learn Hmong. He had city counsel meeting and was too busy for us. His lectures are fun and interesting. Learned a few new things I never even knew about! EASY EASY PROFESSOR!
5.0 : Classes were fun. He spent a lot of time out of class to help non-Hmong students. He was encouraging and respectful of students. Cared about all the students. Enjoyed the class.
5.0 : What a truly awesome professor.  So humble and knowledgeable. He knows how to make you understand things in a simple manner. Always love attending his classes. I learn something new every single time. Overall a great person as well.
5.0 : I had to rate this awesome professor. I took him for Hmong 1A.  He made me appreciate the language and know the culture so much better. He is down to earth and explains the materials in a very clear manner. Approachable and willing to help the students. He knows his stuff. Had a fabulous experience.
4.5 : Mr. Mouanoutoua is really nice and trusts his students. He loves teaching Hmong culture to his students. It was an easy A class. I wouldn't mind retaking this class.
5.0 : His class  lectures are great and very interesting. If I was to attend more I would have received a better grade. His exam are very easy as long as you attend classes. His exams are based on his lectures and proverbs. He might cancel a few classes but overall I would take his class again. He only teaches Hmong 1A;wish he teaches other hmong classes
4.0 : Really nice, funny &amp; humble professor. Good attitude every class. The only thing that bugged me was that he never put grades into blackboard but you can always email him asking what you have. Other than that, he's great. Usually leave class proud of my culture thanks to his lectures.
5.0 : Professor Hurt is an amazing teacher! I would definitely take him again. He is easy very helpful when you have questions. When he lectures he gives personal examples. We did 4 easy essays, he is very clear on what he wants. &amp; at the end of the semester we did a presentation on one of the papers. No exams or quizes.
4.5 : His class is easy and there are no exam. All you need to do is attend class because he takes roll. There are 3 writing assignments and 1 autobiography. Lectures are long. Highly recommend him! He tells stories about social work stuff which is interesting. Very nice and helpful.
5.0 : He is an easy Professor. NO TESTS OR EXAMS. Just 4 writing assignments, that's it. Such an easy A class. You do need the textbook because you have to incorporate the things in the textbook into your paper.
5.0 : This class was really easy. and he is an amazing teacher! Took him for SW 136 and he knows his stuff! No exams, just 4 writing assignments. He likes participation and you should plan on attending classes. Lots of movie watching!! Cool class if you get into it...
5.0 : Jessica is extremely approachable and helpful if you have any questions. Her class is easy if you do the readings and attend regularly. Her lectures are interesting and she's very clear on what she expects on assignments. She also cuts class from three to two hours during observation weeks, which is nice since it's a night class.
5.0 : She's one of the best teachers ever. she caring and helpful. her lectures are awesome. if you don't go to class, then you might not pass, plus do the readings. She does not require a lot of work for CFS 136. In her 145a and 145b courses are a lot of writing.
3.5 : Tests are extremely HARD.  Expect you to read read read.  If you do not read you will not pass. Book is require to pass this course.  She grade really tough and is picky on the grammar from the weekly reflections.
3.0 : Prof. McKenzie is super sweet and she really does give good feedback. Her exams are extremely HARD and there are QWE's in every class on the reading so you are expected to read! If you do not read you will not pass. Her grade consists of the QWE quizzes, 3 exams, and 2 small written assignments. If you put in the work you will pass.
5.0 : Had to write a 30 page case study for this course, but by the time it was due, I felt completely prepared. Her class was informational and easy to pass if you committed to reading and attending class. I left the course feeling ready to graduate and enter the work force. Jessica was by far my favorite professor at State, and I recommend her highly.
1.0 : How can she expect students to read and remember million little details that even herself have to hold bunch of papers notes on her hands for every lecture time looking at them while lecturing. I feel like she displays and prides herself by making extra unnecessary work making a lot of student have really hard time with her class.
5.0 : Jessica is an awesome professor. Her courses are easy as long as you keep up with the readings and show up to class. She is young, and so she is really approachable. She makes class fun! I would take her again in a heartbeat. I love her!
5.0 : I took her Adolescence class, and it was very interesting. You MUST read if you want to pass. If you read, you will learn so much. Exams are hard because she dose not provide a study guide, but if you read and take notes you'll do just fine. She really cares about her students, and she's really easy to talk to. I highly recommend this professor.
5.0 : Easily, one of the best professors I have had the pleasure of taking classes with. Reading &amp; attendance are both essential to the comprehension of course contents &amp; discussions. Classes are interactive &amp; enjoyable. Jessica has a great personality &amp; is extremely intelligent! She cares about her students &amp; is very receptive to feedback. I love her!
4.0 : Best Human communications teacher by far,he is so easy going he makes the class easy just show up do the work and you'll pass, hes funny  he makes you want to come to class, there is also in class points like participation which helps your grade its lecture heavy but as long as you pay attention you will be fine! there was 3 actual speeches,2 tests
4.5 : He is so funny and down to earth! He goes on some tangents that are funny and interesting. He makes the class less frightening to talk in front of.
5.0 : Only class I liked this entire semester. Max is one of the best professors you could ever have, he is very calm and relaxing and makes you feel so welcomed which helps with the stress of being a freshman and not only that he makes you a better speaker and makes you a better student and just person overall. A TRUE INSPERATION!
5.0 : Only class I liked this entire semester. Max is one of the best professors you could ever have, he is very calm and relaxing and makes you feel so welcomed which helps with the stress of being a freshman.
2.5 : Typical college professor experience
4.5 : Professor Ireland is an amazing teacher. She cares about her students and is always willing to help. She is very nice and tends to change the deadlines if most of the class is behind or hw/projects.
4.0 : I took this class during summer session, so maybe thats why it felt so crammed. But its a harder topic with less time than normal to complete. Overall its very clear what will be happening in class. Quizzes and tests. If you put in the time, you will get the grade you want. His lectures were very clear and easy to follow.
4.0 : Professor Santana is awesome! Easy-going and has a great sense of humor! All her tests and final are online. So as long as you keep up with all the work online for this class, you should be fine. I certainly learned a lot in this class! You won't regret it if you take her! I would highly recommend her if you're looking for an upperdivision GE class
5.0 : Super easy course. The lectures were boring, but the Blackboard assignments were straight forward and the online portion on Pearson can take a while, but still easy. There is only one position paper due at the end of the semester instead of a final and she is more than willing to help you if needed.
4.5 : Easy class! Weekly portfolios using media or images with at least 150 words. Midterm and final are portfolios with at least 1000 words. Midterm and final are the hardest assignments in the class. But she an easy grader. Take this class!
5.0 : Professor Santana has real field study experience and has awesome stories that fit in well with the lectures and makes it fun. She doesn't expect homework but you do have to participate in class. Her test are easy if you pay attention and she does a fun jeopardy style quizzes. I look forward to taking other classes from her.
4.0 : Professor Santana is very passionate about what she teaches, and her lectures are very interesting. A lot of online homework and writing,  but they are easy points. Midterm and Final are both writing projects but she helps.
5.0 : Took her my fall semester of 2015 and loved her class!! Definitely recommend! Easiest A ever and she is there for you whenever you need her.
5.0 : Professor Santana shows true passion and interest in what she teaches. Lectures were interesting and the course was easy overall. I was never bored! The only thing I read was the novel she assigns; powerpoints are on BB.  You will learn to notice and appreciate Chicano art so much! Plus, she is really helpful and easy going and no tests!
3.0 : This class is great if you are looking for a quick and easy A like I was. Some of the topics are very interesting. She requires you to read one book, I didn't though, I just used sparknotes. You have to do a lot of annoying ePortfolios, but it is very easy and better than writing a paper. I still don't know the basis of her grading but I got an A.
5.0 : Not a tough class. You have to complete multiple portfolios for the class on the subjects you cover for the week using media and photos on a program called Pathbrite. Required to use MyWritingLab ( which was bothersome and time consuming) to work on your english. There are no written tests so no worries. She gives you enough time to do your work.
5.0 : EASIEST CLASS@FRESNO STATE! seriously attended this class 3times in the semester. attendance doesnt matter although she says it does. There are no tests or quizes whatsoeve! dont need the books at all. reads off powerpoints. all there is to this class in a midterm and a final which are two "portfolios" which are basically powerpoints. recommend!!!!
5.0 : BE PREPARED TO MAKE A YOUTUBE VIDEO IF YOURE TAKING THIS ONLINE! I was ready to drop the class as soon as I found out but its only one video, not so bad. We only bought the online class for about 30$. Assignments were slightly difficult but still easy enough to cram in one day like I did :3. Plus assignments only due biweekly. She's really sweet &lt;3
3.5 : I didn't really use the book she goes over the chapters on power point and we all took notes. For CLS30, she only had class on Mon and Wed, on Fridays we did BB exercises. Overall she's a good professor, her work isn't hard I spent an average of 30 minutes to an hour on her assignments which are not hard.
4.5 : NO CLASS FRIDAYS!! usually no homework, except for Fridays have an online assignment and do not meet in class. Prof. Santana is very nice and understanding! Definitely recommend taking her class!
3.0 : Easiest class I have taken. Most homework and test are online. 2 typed papers at the most.
5.0 : She's very laid back, easy to talk to, and high spirited individual. We watched movies and did a lot of small group discussions in class but overall everything was pretty easy. All our assignments were short reflection essays (250 words), midterm essay, and final essay, that was it. I highly recommend her.
5.0 : I'm a volleyball player so it was super easy but for those who aren't might be a bit challenged. Just understand proper movement to play volleyball, rules and the court. Volleyball isn't  intense so when you play be relaxed. 1000 Essay(ProPlayer). 1 Test about volleyball. Usually 15 of the class "knows" how to play. Dont be afraid to ask for help.
4.0 : The class is just jogging, everyday, which gets boring. You have 3 papers to write. Attendance is mandatory and is most of your grade. She isn't very helpful, and doesn't respond to emails quickly. The other KAC39 class played games every single week and had a blast, I'd take that class instead. She gave me a B which is incredibly annoying.
4.5 : Its a pretty easy class. You have to be there everyday but its not hard to because she's just so nice and her class is easy. Its really just running and other physical activities. The essays are easy and she grades them easy as well.
3.5 : Hes a good teacher, despite not being so fluent in English. Lectures can be boring, but theyre available online. Tests are randomly selected from study guides (w the answers) of the regions tested on, weeks prior. Presentations arent graded tough as compared to my previous Comm class. I'm very glad I took the class.
3.0 : You have a total of 3 presentations, and  is a very tough grader. Expects a lot of you during presentations. Before taking this class didn't think I would have to do presentations in a geography class. 2 papers throughout the semester. Attendance matters. Tests are very hard! Whatever in his presentations are blue or red will be on the test
2.5 : He is a really great teacher, the language barrier is what makes him confusing. The best part of the class is that 1. You get study guides with the answers (he literally uses them for the test) and 2. Group presentations are easy points. He takes attendance randomly for credit.
5.0 : Tests are based off of his power points (which he gives you) and he highlights in red what he will test you on. Attendance is taken randomly for extra credit. His accent isn't a problem. He's always in a great mood and wants to see his students pass. Essays are split into 2 one page papers with easy topics. This class couldn't be easier! Take him!!
5.0 : Dr. Wang is perhaps the easiest Geography 4 professor! Paper is split into 2 different papers with a 500 word count on each. Easy topics for the paper. Tests are really easy as long as you study the study guide (sometimes he gives a study guide) or slides he gives you. What he tests on is in red on the slides. 3 small easy group presentations.
5.0 : Easy class. 2 Unit tests and the Final with 30 to 35 multiple choice questions. Some of those questions are extra credit. He provides either a study guide or holds a review session. Gives powerpoint and tells you to focus what is in red because that's what he might test you on.  Attendance taken randomly for extra credit. 2 papers, 500 words each.
5.0 : Professor Wang is pretty cool and chill.  There's 3 tests, 3 group presentations, and two 500 word papers (1 page each) &amp; that's it. Do them and you'll usually get full credit. He even told us that the way his class is designed makes it really hard to fail which is true. If you go to class &amp; do the work but fail the tests, you still pass with a C.
5.0 : 2 multiple choice Tests and one Final Exam, also multiple choice. Gives you either a study guide or holds a review session before tests. Provides slides and highlights in red what he may test you on. 3 easy group presentations. Attendance taken randomly for extra credit. 2 papers at 500 words. Easy topics. Easy class and great professor. Take him!
5.0 : Great Professor! He really puts students first. As everyone says, assignments are super easy. No excuse not to pass his class. It is impossible to do so. Easiest geography class! Would take again!
5.0 : 3 group presentations. 2 papers with 500 words. Easy multiple choice tests. Study guide or review session provided before tests. Gives you slides with what he might test you on in red. Attendance taken randomly for extra credit. His accent is NOT a problem. Great professor.
5.0 : Great professor, kind and hilarious. Easy assignments and Tests. Attendance extra credit. Group projects are easy. If you have any problem, talk to him after class or email him and he will work with you. He wants to see you pass. Accent is NOT a problem. Lectures are long but he tries to make them interesting. I'd take his class again! He's great!
5.0 : Professor Wang is so far the best professor I had at Fresno State. He is super chills, put interests on the students for encouragement, and makes the lectures fun! I HIGHLY recommend taking him!
5.0 : Dr. Wang is great. Simple tests and 2 easy, one page essays. 3 group projects. He takes attendance randomly and gives you extra credit just for showing up. He loves to joke around, talks a lot about movies, and respects his students. Talk to him if you have a problem and he'll try to work with you. Take him. You won't regret it.
1.0 : 10 group presentations are required. Once you are in front of the class, he will ridicule you and mock your presentation in front of the whole class, telling you what you should have done to make it better. When someone in class complained he was too critical, he became irate. Over 12 the class failed the 1st test &amp; attendance is a must.
4.0 : Basically you will recover every point for presentations, paper, homework, and participation. Then you just have 3 test and they are 15 points no matter what you will get a C in the class
3.0 : There are 3 tests (15 points each), 3 presentations (21 points), attendance taken 15 times a semester, paper assignment (16 points), map assignment (8 points) and attendance (10 points). Lectures are on ppt and tells you to focus everything in red. He grades kind of harsh/tough on presentations and high expectations so be prepared for that.
4.0 : Take him! Easiest class ever!! ! 1 short paper, 3 group presentations if you do good he gives you 1pt extra credit, 3 semi easy tests, no study guide but he reviews a day before and tells you whats going to be on the test, 3 very easy map assignments and he takes attendance for participation points here and there. Has strong accent.
4.0 : He is a little hard to understand, but eventually, you get better at understanding his accent. He is really nice. I find his teaching style very boring. I don't like power points, and that's all he uses. Then there's the presentations. Those are fun. The grading is fair and he's actually kind of funny. I thought he was nice to look at, too.
1.5 : He has you do 10 presentations . There are three tests in total including the final, which is not comprehensive. What he lectures in class is somewhat interesting, but it won't prepare you for the test at all. You gotta read. For our 2nd test, he gave out  6 test samples which have 50 questions and he'll randomly choose 5 questions from each test.
5.0 : He is AMAZING. lectures are great. show up to class to get attendance points. He takes attendance randomly 15times in the semester. Beware of group presentations, if you have a problem with your group tell him ASAP and your grade wont be hurt. His tests are based off lectures so go to class and learn. I learned a lot from the lectures.
2.5 : Mr. Wang is a great person. He makes jokes in class although the lectures are very boring. You have to do group presentations every Friday for a total of 10 presentations. Also three tests. And attendance is a must unless you want to miss out on those points. I prefer Mr. Wang over the other teacher for this course.
5.0 : Dr. Wang works with all of his students to make sure they pass. He answers emails and is willing to talk to you before or after class. If you are having any concerns about the test, essay, group project, etc. he wants to hear about it. Best of all, he recognizes that we have lives outside of class so he will NEVER overload you. He is great!
5.0 : great professor, really enjoyed going to class. 3 group projects,2 papers. if you just get those done he gives you credit. go to class because attendance counts towards your grade! you don't need a book
4.0 : 10 group presentations. 3 tests (multiple choice, roughly 30 questions). I had lazy group members and still got good grades on the presentations. Binge-studied for all the tests (got a B or higher). One of my easier classes. Those other reviews are hyperboles.
5.0 : I loved Trisha. Such a wonderful person. TAKE HER. It will be hard to pass if you do not go to class. Textbook has pictures of signs but it is just better to be taught in person. Assigned book (really good). Deaf events (2) not hard at all. Expressive midterm &amp; final. Practice and you will do good. Easy A. And again, Trisha is just great.
5.0 : Amazing professor. she welcomes her students. First time, I took this class and it was amazing experience. She answers all the questions you would have.
3.0 : Trisha is a nice professor, but she can be confusing.  She is kinda disorganized, but she gives grace if you need to turn in something late.  She signs quickly, so I definitely improved in my reception skills.  We barely used the textbook.
5.0 : I loved this class as well as Professor Houston. She keeps everyone involved and entertained. You learn a lot and she makes using ASL in the classroom fun. We would do class games to see how well we were picking up the vocab, and they were very comical. I would advise everyone to take her class! She was definitely one of my favorite teachers!
5.0 : LOVED THIS PROFESSOR AND THIS CLASS. It was great to have experience with a deaf teacher like Trisha. Even for students who have never signed before, she made it very easy to understand. Tests were fairly easy and I actually looked forward to this class. She even went out of her way to get to know each student and to help those who needed it.
4.5 : CDDS 91 was a little scary at first because I didn't know the professors were really deaf. So I was pretty nervous at first but Professor Houston makes you feel welcomed. The class is very easy; you have to do some reading which isn't hard at all and you really have to practice your signs and you will pass. She allows late work turned.
5.0 : I love ASL, so if you are going to take this class I would hope you do too. She is so great, so caring and she is so funny. Really easy to pass, you just have to enjoy going to class and learning. She gets you ready for the test, so just don't miss class.
5.0 : Great teacher.  Goes slow and is helpful.
5.0 : AMAZING teacher! didn't know anything about deaf culture and now I feel overly educated. She is so funny and goofy and do let her being deaf scare you off. She does a lot of power points to help explain herself. Tests are easy and probably only gives out 3 or 4 the whole semester. No final just a brief group project. Take her she is so awesome :)
5.0 : Amazing instructor. I've had her for both ASL 1&amp;2. I can't say enough good things about her. Never let her go Fresno State!! Love her!  Truly does care about her students!
5.0 : Great intructor he is very fun and uses real life examples the material might look very simple but if you want an A in class you have to read the book the exams are not very easy totally recommend him :)
5.0 : Pros: hes nice, gives real world examples, and he's hot! Cons: I got stuck on a crappy team and ended up doing way too much work.
4.0 : Honestly super nice professor that cares about his students! He uses good and relatable examples that helps students understand the material better. It's better if you attend class because he does notice. I would definitely take him again!
3.5 : Young guy, First full-time professor job.  (Those are the best to take, because they are the easiest!!) The next semester may be a little more structured but there is zero homework and one indvidual assignment. (Either a powerpoint lecture or a 5 page paper.) I did my powerpoint in an hour, presented and got an A. Easy class!!
5.0 : Fantastic professor! New, but really cares for his students.
4.0 : Hard exams. Fun class.
3.5 : Very nice and new to the university. He is always available by email or willing to stay after class to answer questions. Exams are a but difficult - questions are not clearly written. While attendance is not mandated, he will take attendance and give extra credit to those in class that day so . . . it is best to show up.
4.0 : this class is an easy elective for management students. he is super chill and the class is an easy A if you go to class. solid B if you rarely show your face. he makes lectures pretty entertaining and seems like a genuinely cool guy.
5.0 : Biggane is an awesome teacher. Most of the HR instructors here are pretty cool. One group project, totally easy. 1st exam is easy, 2nd exam is a little more challenging but not too bad. Final was alright. Great class to take. I recommend!
4.0 : Pros: He is a good professor who truly cares about his students. He is approachable and does everything he can to help you succeed.  Extra credit. Cons: The case study that he had us do was confusing and a waste of time. An option for this assignment could be writing a report. Professor Biggane: if you are reading this keep up the good work man.
4.5 : Remy makes class interesting with a bit of a side of humor to it. She's young which makes it very easy to talk too her.   She understands and works well with students. You are only likely to fail if you put zero effort. Be prepared to write. Highly recommended!
5.0 : Totally understands the average college students, papers are easy and also very helpful and shows very funny videos. just a lot of reading, but the reading will help you write your papers.
5.0 : This was absolutely my favorite class of the semester! She made class entertaining and thought at the same time. If you like reading and have creative ability take this class. She gives extra credit so receiving an A is very attainable.
5.0 : She is truly one of the best professors you will have in your time at Fresno State. Dr. Jones is one of the best emailers, and will always respond to inquiries whenever she can. Gives 110% in all that she does, and is not a professor to be missed. Take any class she teaches!
5.0 : Easily one of the best professors I've had. The syllabus is intimidating - but it's not as bad as it looks. You have the option of doing tests in her class which I loved. There is reading, but you split it with everyone. Dr. Jones gives INCREDIBLY detailed feedback so there's no excuse to not do well. Take her for Comm 140, you won't regret it.
5.0 : Dr. Jones is truly an exceptional professor. She really has taught me so much this semester. She is quick to answer emails, and is really great at explaining her expectations for class and assignments. I look forward to having her again!
5.0 : She's a real one, I wish other professors were like Dr. Jones. I honestly think the easiness rating is misleading, but yes, you do have to do work if you want to pass. This isn't grade school. The good thing is that for the applications, you could choose to do a test, paper or project. Who knew? Breaks up the reading for you. Would take her again v
5.0 : Hands down the best professor in the department. More than likely, rivals being the best professor at the university. She is a relatively new hire, but such an amazing hire! You wouldn't even be able to tell. She is brilliant, funny, engaging, thoughtful and always there for you in any capacity possible. Take this course, trust me! :)
4.0 : Dr. Jones, is without a doubt, the best professor I have had thus far at Fresno State. The class, however, is very demanding. Be prepared for countless hours of group work (2 20-minute presentations, 3 group oral exams, 16 hrs. of community service learning). While the assignments are difficult, she gives very detailed rubrics and feedback.
5.0 : New professor, but really good. No exams. No HW. Open notes on the reading quizzes (Abt 10 throughout semester). Easy and even fun online post every 3 weeks on any topic from the reading. Two absences without being penalized. One group project. You get to pick your group members and topic. Two papers, 1,500 words. No final. HIGHLY recommended.
4.0 : Dr. Jones is a great professor! Although she can be a little tough, if you ask her for help she won't hesitate to answer your questions and clarify anything for you.  I loved the way she ran her class and she tries to make the readings we did interesting.  If you don't mind a actually having to do some work for your grade take her class!
4.5 : Literally the sweetest and kindest prof ever. She's a little tough, but only so you try harder, which she will happily help you do. She gives you a choice to do a test, paper, or project. Honestly, just talk to her and go to her for help on assignments. Constant reading assignments per week and groups, but that's basically what you're learning.
5.0 : This class was a positive and engaging experience, and there is so much support for doing well. Very accessible outside of class, gives very good feedback on all assignments. You can choose an exam, paper, or project. She is very student-oriented and is only there to help you, not hurt you. The sooner you "buy-in" into the class, the better!
4.0 : Class is mandatory, gives you two days free, afterwards will cost you your grade. You have to work for your grade. Do your homework, assignments, and readings is a must for you to understand the class. Homework is base off of readings so you must read your text. A lot of work I would say, but she is ALWAYS there to help you if anything. TAKE!
4.5 : Criticism in this class was fun and awesome.  She lets you criticize on something of your interests which is really good.  You do weekly blog entries demonstrating criticism, responding on each group blog posts, weekly reading reflection. etc... text book is a must! Class is also very structure which I like because you will always know everything.
5.0 : Attendance mandatory but two free skips. Book a must. Make sure to read. Clear assignments with handouts and rubrics. Uses Blackboard a lot. Main assignments are a blog you do on a topic you pick. Kinda fun. Tough grader but she's fair and gives lots of feedback. She's nice and helpful, but pushes you to learn. Fun and useful class. Recommended.
4.5 : Dr. Jones is the greatest professor. She has all the attributes a professor should have- respect, professionality, kindness. She does make you work just enough, but not to put pressure on you. GO TO HER FOR HELP, SHE REALLY HELPS AMAZINGLY and she's a wonderful person to converse with. Taking her again. I've never been more motivated by anyone.
4.5 : Dr. Jones has been the best professor I have had at Fresno State. You get the option to take a test, make a project, or write a paper 3 times throughout the semester. Her class is a lot of work, but very informative. Dr. Jones is the most helpful professor, and the fastest at responding to emails. Take her class!
5.0 : Digital Rhetoric was an amazing class! Online postings on the readings before class, no tests, and you get to watch Netflix as part of the course! Took a lot from the readings and the discussion, and the topic is very much applicable to life! Take the course if you get the chance, you won't want to miss it!
5.0 : Take her for Comm 142 and and 140. Hands down the best professor in Comm!
5.0 : She is a tough professor when it comes to grading and there is a lot of work that you will have to do, but it is forth it. She was very helpful and the class environment was great. Make sure that you do all the readings and always remember to write your blogs and reflections.
5.0 : Dr. Jones rocks! Such positive energy in her classroom. Never had a proff that was willing to help me outside of her class. Stay on top of the readings, application(s), start the group project early, and come to class. Jones is hands down the best Comm proff in the department.
1.0 : RIDICULOUS attendance policy. You lose 30 points for every class you skip. Like really? I passed the class in regards to everything else but when she factored in attendance she gave me a D. If you skip a day at the gym, they don't punish you for it. If you know all the material you shouldn't be made to sit a classroom for an hour to satisfy her ego
5.0 : Dr. Jones is in the top 3% of professors at Fresno State. Her work she has produced speaks volumes. Her ability to take complex content and make it accessible is unparalleled. She is fair, absolutely smart and the only way you don't pass the class is that you don't step to the plate. Come to class, participate and do your work. It is that simple.
4.5 : I took Dr. Jones this past semester and really enjoyed her class. She is very organized, clear and to the point, and her passion about rhetorical theory is obvious. Go to class, take notes on your assigned readings, and make sure to choose group members wisely and start early.
5.0 : Eropkin is absolutely amazing! She teaches real life stuff and applies it to the course. Challenging but not impossible. She grades fairly and is very easy to talk to. Ask her and she will go out of her way to help you not only during the semester but after as well! By far one of the best instructors on campus! Funny too!
5.0 : Great teacher! Relates lectures to real life. No required word count on writing assignments. Easy A if you do all of your assignments and attend class. Hilarious and would take any course taught by her!
5.0 : I love this class. You learn how to make a killer resume/cover letter and how to go to an interview with style. Her lectures are entertaining because she uses real examples. I always laugh in the class and learn something new. You learn how to communicate in the business world. The W portion is broken down into small assignments, so no essays.
1.0 : Has power points for notes which are neat, but since she doesn't have to write anything she rushes through the notes and doesn't give you time to write the notes, think about the topic or even try to solve the practice problems on her own. when you ask questions you're "stupid" and she is not a good professor.
5.0 : She's honestly THE BEST! At first I was effy but totally did not regret. By the end of the semester I learned a lot of helpful materials. Attendance was mandatory, 2 exams, 1 short essay that correlates with end of presentation, and workload was perfect. Quizzes every week but I didn't mind. TAKE HER YOU WON'T REGRET IT! I loved going to her class.
4.0 : A lot of work but it is an upper division writing class. Attendance isn't mandatory, if you do the work you will pass. Funny teacher, does power point slides but does not post them on blackboard. You have a lot of small assignments that add up so do them. No word minimum, she actually wants you to be concise. She is a tough grader but easy class
5.0 : one of my most favorite professors I have taken!  Gives excellent lectures, relates them to real-world experiences.  She's funny and realistic in terms of grading.  Some say she grades hard, well that's because almost no one knows how to write like a business professional.  If you truly try, you'll pass and you learn A LOT! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
5.0 : Professor Eropkin is a really sweet lecturer. Every lecture that I attended, I had a great time and the material was helpful. The class is a lot of busy work consisting of weekly journals and quizzes. There are only 2 tests in the course (midterm and final). Also, there are about 4-5 written assignments (2-3 pages). All in all, loved the class!
5.0 : Great class. I walk out learning something new. Her teaching style is what makes this class fun. You never know what she might do to make the class laugh.  No 5k word essay. She breaks it down into a lot assignments that help you in the long run. Presentation at the end of the year and the final is open book. I recommend this class.
4.0 : -A lot of HW(resume, journal, DB post, etc.) -A lot of Quizzes(easy) -1 report(essay) w/ Final Presentation -Revise your work -Points Matter! Do Extra Credit! -Printout slides(notes) -Read textbook -Study for Midterm/ Final -Visit office hrs for help -Lectures are engaging (relatable examples) -Prepare to laugh a lot -Awesome teacher -Be Concise
5.0 : FAVORITE TEACHER EVER. I literally love Eropkin and enjoyed going to her class twice a week. She is super funny and makes lectures interesting and makes the course as easy as possible. Yes there are weekly quizzes and assignments, but nothing crazy. Only 3 tests, final is open note and book. 10/10 recommend!
5.0 : Awesome professor! Lots of work but super manageable. Half credit if a day late but worth so many points. She is relatable so be straight up with her if you must skip class. Open book final but please study! You will run out of time if you just rely on notes and book (must buy print book in order to use for test).
5.0 : There is homework and quizzes for almost every chapter. Do it, it's easy points. only tests are midterm and final. Final is open book. Midterm was very easy just study quizzes on mindtap. There is a lot of writing, but she provides a lot of feedback, and is always available for clarification and responds very quickly. Would recommend taking her.
5.0 : There's a lot of work for the class, and she teaches off of the book's power points.  BUT she provides excellent example's and is really funny to listen to.  She provides a lot of good feedback, and so long as you do the work you'll be fine.
4.5 : First off, she's hilarious, which makes her very easy to listen to.  There is a lot of writing but the papers are rarely more than a few paragraphs long.  Midterm is easy, final is open booknote.  There is one presentation at the end of the semester but she preps you for it.  She's understanding and genuinely wants her students to do well.
5.0 : Very useful class that is relevant to any major really. Highly recommended!
5.0 : You only have a midterm &amp; final, which she prepares you for so it's not hard. Several writing assignments, but breaks them up so they are small. There are online quizzes, but the questions are from your book, so it's easy. She is laid back, funny, and is there to help you. Go to class ,and do the assignments which are pretty easy, and you'll pass!
5.0 : She truly cares about her students success and she challenges you.  Most of the coursework is relevant to the business world.
4.0 : Ms. Eropkin makes lectures go by so fast! She's very entertaining and explains material thoroughly. There's lots of homework throughout and a few projects but she gives specific guidelines to follow. Although I was skeptical at first, I ended up enjoying the class, she was very helpful.
5.0 : Anastasia is by far an amazing instructor. If you need to take a writing course for your undergraduate degree, do not hesitate to take her class. I have to admit there is quite a bit of assignments that you will need to complete, but again its a writing course. Her mid-term and final might be challenging for those who do not study. Class isnt hard.
4.5 : I took her Pre-Vet Orientation class. Very very easy. There is no final and no book required. She is really nice and she will help you if you need it.
5.0 : Great teacher really cares about your learning experience and does everything that she can to help you succeed.
4.0 : Nice, explains things well, easy yo follow during class. Tests are hard but she gives you a study guide every time. Answer it and then study it and you can get As like me. Lots of material so memorization is needed. Lab not mandatory but there are 2 lab tests. No book, you have to get notes from someone if you miss, no HW or quizzes, final optional
5.0 : O'Bannon's prevet orientation class is the easiest class I have taken while at Frenso State. You have to show up once a week for 50 mins, and there are a few writing assignments (personal statement type things). Easy A if you show up to class and complete the few assignments she gives.
4.0 : Great teacher. Lectures on the white board, not a lot of visual aid. Straightforward study guides.
5.0 : O'Bannon is the best possible person to lecture pre veterinary. She's very honest about the field, and provides you with lessons that will matter.
5.0 : Dr. Obannon is a great teacher and is very fair with material covered on the Exams.  She isn't gng to trick you on exams they are straight forward and identical to the review.  Go to class, attend the review (study review its just like test). Labs aren't mandatory but fun to attend.  Took both courses at same time and got A A easily possible.
5.0 : One of the best professors at Fresno State! I earned an A in the class because I studied my butt off! You need to read the book. He's so inspiring and has a lot of experience in Law Enforcement. If I could take him again I would. :) I enjoyed going to class everyday to hear his stories. He's bad ass take him you won't regret it
4.0 : Nice professor ! No extra credit give, 2 papers, 4 exams,no homework. I would recommend going to class he doesn' follow the book for exams. Im pretty sure if he gave extra credit i would of got an A. Goes off topic a little but overall, i recommend his class. Not hard, try to follow his lecture as best a you can for the exams, do well on the exams
4.5 : Professor Blohm is awesome! I'd definitely take him again, if I could. Attendance isn't mandatory but I still showed up to every class because all the notes I took down from his lectures are exactly on the test. The exams were easy and we had a few projects which aren't hard at all.I rarely used the book and he likes participation, so talk a little
4.0 : Very nice professor. 4 exams lowest one is drop, 3 discussion papers very easy.  At times it can be boring, can get off topic sometimes. Let's you out of class early majority of the time. I recieved an A in the course.
4.0 : Professor Irwin is a great teacher, at first his class seemed very hard, I failed the first test just like everyone else in the class but once you see how the first test is laid out then it's not to bad from there. Write everything down from his lectures and study the main cases he points out. Save the first 2 test because they are on the final
5.0 : Easy. Just follow directions and you will do fine. Just started semester. So far so good. Only 3 Exams!
5.0 : Irwin is an amazing teacher. We went over cases, he told us the main points to know for exams. Class starts with a 2 question extra credit exam. It could be ANYTHING. Answers this year were the tootsie roll, satchel paige, Colt .45. Makes the class fun and interesting. Take notes, study quizzes and you'll do fine.
4.5 : Total of 3 exams, multiple choice, worth 250 points each. Very cool and funny professor. Makes the subject interesting. Assigns readings every week, READ so that you can participate in the class discussions. Readings are not long so just do it. Trust me he will notice and appreciate it. Also offered an extra credit essay. Take him!
4.0 : Very helpful, usually lets us out early. There are only three tests, make sure you do the readings
4.5 : Pretty cool teacher. only 3 exams no study guide. if you don't read the tests will be hard. i failed the first one that way XD if you don't wanna read then take the book with you to class and highlights the topics he discusses thats what i did. when he hands back the tests make sure to save them and the answers. The final is based off  of them.
5.0 : Professor Ondine is an awesome professor.  The class is already interesting, but since it is online, it requires lots of readings BE PREPARED.  Work in groups, every week the group leader changes, thus everyone gets to work. One term paper, she is pretty clear &amp; helpful on what she wants &amp; what yu can do to do a great essay, but you have to ask.
4.5 : Not a lot of writing required but do your journals and attend class.  He is serious about kinesiology.  Fun class.
5.0 : This is a good activity class to take.
5.0 : Dr. Sullivan is a great professor. Buy the textbook just because in tests he does throw in key terms from the text. Other wise just pay attention to lectures and do the worksheets in class. Show up to class because you do about 8 labs. Do the hw worksheets &amp; he gives studyguides so do them and you'll do fine on the test. U also have 1 final project
5.0 : One of the greatest math teachers I've had.  Does move at a fairly quick pace so its important to ask for help if needed.  The book will come in handy for homework assignments.  Has a great sense of humor and love the jokes.
4.5 : I had Professor Sullivan for Soc 125 &amp; Soc 175. If he taught more classes, I would take more of his classes in a heartbeat. He answers all questions, gives excellent feedback, and he is available by email, office hours and for extra hours during midterms and finals. He is extremely helpful. Excellent professor! Wonderful addition to Sociology!
4.0 : Great professor and explains everything extremely well. I am personally not good at math, but he makes it fun and easy to learn when it comes to statistics. When you hear the word "statistics", don't freak out. He will teach you to where it is easy to understand along with office hours throughout the week you can attend. Great teacher but study!
5.0 : Dr. Sullivan is an amazing teacher. He lectures and has you work on your worksheets. He gives simple step by step on how to solve everything. Its a math class, but he gives you everything you need (Formula sheets, tables, etc) Review your lecture notes and read the book. Show up!! Participation/Attendance is mandatory!
5.0 : Great teacher, does an amazing job explaining/breaking down problems. Wants you to succeed, he doesn't try and trick you on tests and grades fairly.  There was a lot of lecture time, as well as in class worksheets which help when doing HW. Make sure you do the HW and study guides they will benefit you when test time comes. Would take again! :)
5.0 : Was taking this class to fulfill a "W" course and I felt like this class was a gem that everyone else was missing out on. Clear grading and excellent feedback for a majority- if not all of the writing assignments. I appreciated that he was there for the students! Was never a chore to ask for help. Wish my department had more faculty like him!
5.0 : If you want to pass, do the homework and the reading because he does test on vocabulary and concepts, attend the Computer Lab Sessions and TAKE GOOD NOTES! You will need that for his final project. He is an easy grader and is more concerned with concepts than if you got the answer right. He teaches you how the stats apply to your research.
5.0 : I was so scared to take this class because math was not my forte, however Professor Sullivan was amazing he was clear with all lectures, offered help if we needed it, and always made sure we understood as a class what was going on. I recommend him to anyone at Fresno State.
5.0 : Very good professor. thorough lectures.
5.0 : By far one of the best professors at Fresno state. He teaches his lectures in ways that makes it easy to understand, and if there's ever something you don't get he gladly helps you! Hands down recommend taking his class you won't regret it!
4.0 : Dr. Sullivan is by far one of the best professors I have had the pleasure of taking at Fresno State. If anyone is planning on taking him for Statistics or any of his other classes, I HIGHLY recommend taking him! His syllabus is straight to the point and he really wants his students to succeed. His lectures are great and informative.
5.0 : Professor Sullivan is great I took him for Soc 3 and his lectures are very engaging he makes you want to participate i was very impressed for being his first year at Fresno state. Attendance is mandatory and the exams are all written answers but he is a very easy grader, buy the books!  If you have a chance take him he's so nice. Easy A!
5.0 : Dr. Sullivan is one of the best professors I've ever had.  I'll admit, I wasn't especially excited for statistics but he really helps you understand it and cares about his students. Definitely recommend him. I've already taken him twice and would take him again if  I could!
5.0 : Dr. Sullivan is an amazing professor and one the best professors Ive met. Hes passaionate about this class and knows a lot about the criteria. He makes this class fun and even easy. Hes very friendly. I wish he could teach more classes so I can have in another class.
5.0 : Amazing instructor! I have never had such an amazing teacher before. He is so thorough with his lecture. He offers extra credit for participation, his tests stay true to the class, he fully participates in the labs, and gives you all the tools you need to be successful in his class and beyond the course. Homework is easy and short!
5.0 : I took Dr. SULLIVAN FOR SSCI 16 INTRO TO GLOBALIZATION. He was such a great teacher and is very knowledgeable about what he teaches, he truly cares about his students and will help with whatever he can. Definitely take him for any class that you can. His lectures are to the point an breaks down the chapter you read for the week.
5.0 : Sullivan is one of my favorite professors! his lectures are great and he can be really funny at times. I took him for SOC 175 also, and he was a great professor at that as well. I once had a personal problem and confided in him; he was really understanding and helpful. I respect him a lot and highly recommend that anyone take this professor.
5.0 : Dr Sullivan really focuses the class on how to use statistical analysis for social science research. I found his class amazing and extremely applicable to what I want to do. He will help you if you ask. There is a lot of computer lab work in this class so attendance is importance! You get tested on lab material! He is very helpful and caring.
4.0 : 2 exams &amp; 2 papers, no extra credit though. Both exams were open notesbook. But even though they're open notesbook, it's still pretty tough so you have to make sure you know the concepts in order to actually do good. Rohina is very helpful &amp; she does care a lot about the students &amp; their grades! She's very sweet &amp; helpful! Get the book!
4.5 : Professor Fazil is very nice and funny. She would tell us about her day at work and she likes to joke a lot. There are 2 exams and 2 essays. Book is required for the exams because they are open note exams. Must attend class she takes roll.
5.0 : 2 exams (open notesbook) &amp; 2 papers (AA meetingSUDS agency interview). She's very nice &amp; really wants students to do good. Even though the tests are open notesbook, that doesn't mean the tests are going to be easy. You have to also understand the concepts in order to do good because missing 10 points drops you a whole letter grade. So study!
5.0 : Professor Rohina is a very sweet lady and her class is tough but she is very good at explaining and telling past experience. 2 test and 2 essay which is open book and the first essay is easy, but the second is a little tough. Must read the book and study.
5.0 : Rohina Fazil currently works in this field so she is VERY knowledgeable in this topic . She's hilarious, and does her best to integrate the ass with her lectures. Take her if you get the chance. Shes very helpful, and will do her best to make sure you Pass. Swrk classes are always at night due to them working in the day so bring coffee!
5.0 : He bases his classes off of the reading list. All he asks is for students to participate in class discussions, it makes the topics of conversations more easier to comprehend so don't be afraid to speak up. I have taken this instructor twice and I really enjoy his lectures and how he encourages you to think independently.
3.5 : Really cool professor, if you're into structured learning like I am, this course may be a little difficult. It's basically read the book, discuss it the next day all the way to finals. No PPT. Your own notes may not even be on the exam. It's kind of like aimlessly heading into a forest, not knowing what lies ahead, even with a map, u could get lost
4.0 : Really great professor, which is nice for what I think is somewhat dull and confusing course matter. Only a midterm and a final. Attendance isn't mandatory, but I find the class enjoyable. He's really funny, which makes the class time pass quickly. Also gives good examples and explains the material well, which is quite helpful. Cheap textbooks!!
4.0 : Great Professor. Lectures are interesting and easy as long as you pay attention. Reading out of the book helps. Not many assignments, so there is room for you to work on other classes. Attendance is not mandatory, which is nice. Just a couple tests and a paper. Just do the reading and pay attention in class if you go and you will pass.
3.5 : This professor is very open to questions and is very patient with material that is harder to understand. He makes understanding philosophy less painful! Witty lectures too!
4.0 : funny professor, i enjoy listening to his stories. really wants you to participate in class. have to focus during lectures bcs he doesnt write on the board that much. read the materials before class, it will make you get a better grip on the materials. totally knows his stuff!
5.0 : He really knows his stuff and is actually pretty interesting. Read the assigned readings so that you are better able to interact and answer questions in class. This will help the material stick better in your head. Philosophy is my least favorite subject, but I actually enjoy this clas . The assigned readings also aren't very time consuming.
4.0 : The way he explains vague philosophy concept in a clear, concise manner is very helpful. Also i appreciate his recapped of previous classes in the beginning of the class.
4.5 : Still early in the semester so I have yet to take his midterm, but so far the class is very straight forward. Weekly assigned readings and no homework make the class very self-motivated. Every class is straight lecture but the material is relatively easy. So long as you are willing to attend class and pay attention, I would recommend this professor
4.5 : He's an awesome professor because he acknowledges that philosophy is a complicated concept so he assigns readings from books that clearly breaks it down for students like myself, who have no clue. I enjoy his lectures. Although they're not mandatory, they're helpful and his stories are funny.
5.0 : Does a very good job of teaching students the tools of reason and logic in order to best answer certain questions. Lectures are very good. Likes student participation. Some concepts and theories can take longer to sink in. The textbook is very conversational. It can take some adjustment from just having facts on a page. Great addition to lectures.
4.0 : Dr. Beversluis is a funny, old-fashioned lecturer.  He bases his 3 tests on assigned textbook readings &amp; his lectures. Take notes on readings before class &amp; prepare to write in side-notes during lecture because his test questions ask about concepts from the textbook but are often phrased according to how he words those concepts in lecture. Easy A.
5.0 : The professor makes the class really interesting and enjoyable. He is very clear and gives amazing lectures because he knows the material so well. His book choices are easy and break down all the ethical theories well. Also he has great stories and he is an easy grader. There is a term paper, midterm and final, pay attention and you will have an A
4.0 : Dr. Beversluis is a really great professor. He does lecture a lot, so if you're not really into philosophy it may not be your cup of tea. Nonetheless, he is a really great professor and is helpful!
4.0 : A good professor, doesn't require attendance, but it is highly suggested. Not too tough, but a challenging class.
5.0 : Professor Beversluis is such a nice man! He is hilarious and anticipates for his students to talk (won't force you). I do not like/enjoy philosophy I just need the class for UD. However if he taught a class of my field I would definitely take him.  3 test. No papers. No quizzes. Attendance is optional but does cover things that are not in the book
5.0 : Some of the theories can be complicated but if you pay attention this class is very easy. He tries his hardest to get students to talk but he does not force anyone. No papers, essays, or group projects. Just tests and no study guides either so pay attention in class or read the book. Overall he is a really really nice guy and I would recommend him.
4.0 : Hilarious and insightful you only have three exams, so doing poor on one will hurt your grade however that seems impossible. he wants students to go into exams feeling confident not stressed, he curves each exam. You can get the material from him or the text skip class and read or dont buy the book and just listen to him he makes the info relatable
4.0 : I'm thrown off that people are saying this class is an 'easy A' as many in my section did not do well on his exams. I definitely recommend attending class and REALLY PAYING ATTENTION as I don't understand how you can pass without attending. I did find lecture interesting but sometimes hard to follow- takes time to figure out what he is emphasizing.
4.0 : Professor Beversluis is extremely knowledgeable in regard to philosophy. He has wrote a couple books and proves his knowledge through lectures. He wants to make the difficult subject as easy as possible for us students. There are 4 tests and that is it. Make sure you read and attend lectures because if not you will be extremely lost. Good professor
4.0 : Take this class with Beversluis! There are only three exams and he gives 10 points extra credit in each. Make sure you Read the book, attendance isn't mandatory, but it helps if you haven't read.
4.0 : Great professor, funny at times especially if the class is quiet. He encourages discussion in his classes. 3 Tests that are mostly lecture based with some reading as well. Offers extra credit on exams.
5.0 : I loved taking Phil 120 with Professor Beversluis, he really wanted to make sure that his students understood the material and he made class fun and interesting. He uses a lot of personal life stories to relate to the maters in class, which definitely makes the class more enjoyable. Attendance is not mandatory, but I actually enjoyed going!
5.0 : He is super nice, has a big heart, and means well. He has no filter and is super funny, but if you get offended by everything, you will get offended by the types of things he says. He is very understanding, and he teaches the class so that non-phil people can easily understand. Textbooks are very easy reads and cheap. I would highly recommend.
4.0 : Read all assigned readings before class.  He hands out papers to add more clarity to the readings.  Multiple tests portion are very tricky.  Attendance is not mandatory but if you miss, you are out of luck for the test.  Only two tests (including final)  I enjoyed class some students complained a lot.  Its an upper division course, expect to work.
2.0 : The tests are very difficult 3 test throughout the semester. Reading is very heavy and lecture is very important. However there is no assignments in this class which means if you don't do good on the test you fail the class.
5.0 : Great class! Inspired me to pursue a philosophy minor!
5.0 : Fresno State is lucky to have Beversluis. The man is an encyclopedia of knowledge and incredibly sharp for his age. I feel lucky to have had the opportunity to take one of his classes. My only critique would be that his lectures are so fast and full of information that it can make taking notes difficult. Take his class if you get the chance!
3.0 : Good man, likes participation but since the material can be dense it is hard to participate. Only graded things are your tests, of which there are 3. He explains things from the book very well, so you dont have to read, but you should. No quizzes or papers. Hes older but hes fairly entertaining. Dont have to go to class, but you should.
5.0 : He's a super sweet and funny guy. There's 3 tests all true/false. No homework or papers. He explains every chapter in depth and really prepares you for the tests. I didn't read the book once and still got B's on all the tests. He always reviews the chapter before before starting a new one. He will have days of only review before the tests.
5.0 : Dr. Beversluis is a gentlemen that knows his ancient philosophy! It is a philosophy course so heavy reading, three exams, and papers should be expected. You should know how to eloquently write a paper with a well formatted thesis, although he is not too hard with his grading.. Would take him again if I weren't preparing for graduation already.
5.0 : Professor Beversluis is a very clear and helpful professor. The class revolves around 3 tests that are based on assigned readings. Don't worry though because the professor very clearly and easily summarizes the contents of each chapter during lecture hour. If you show up, listen, and take half decent notes then it's an easy A.
5.0 : Great Lecturer. He has a very complete and whole scale knowledge of his field. You can tell he has been practicing philosophy for a long time. He has a very rich understanding of it.
5.0 : Professor Beversluis is an easy going Professor who does not require you to be in class but you are responsible to read book chapters. He does not assign homework but only provides two tests and a final so showing up to class is very helpful. He does provide verbal exam reviews and will engrave the key topics in your head ready to take the exams.
5.0 : You need the book. Very simple class that only requires you do 2 tests and a final. No homework at all and no writing portion at all. You don't need to go to the classes but you need to make sure you read all the chapters assigned. Tests are easy if you know the material. Easy easy class.
5.0 : Not easy class but professor made it interesting. You had to read to get a good grade. Learned alot more then I thought I would. Assignments were clear always. Some people dont like to have to read or work in class so they complain but it was a great class.
4.5 : Professor Rickman is a great professor. She knows what she is talking about. Yes, there are lots of reading to do, but this is an upper division course, so what do you expect? Read, take good notes, and go to class. Also, be prepared when you are a facilitator. I learned so much in her course and she made 134 so interesting. Recommended!
5.0 : This class is not as hard as many make it seem. To pass this class you have to read the chapters. Read and you will do great in this course. The only hard assignment is the YARAR paper  that you have to write with your group so I recommend to not leave this assignment until the end.
3.0 : POP quiz queen! you have to really read read read! Expects you to know materials before class starts. she is straight forward no study guides and powerpoint posted
5.0 : learning so much in this class. Yah, you have to work harder than some other classes but its worth it. This class should be required for everyone. Her lectures are always planned well and interesting and help us think about how to improve the work we will be doing. Learning alot.
2.0 : To pass the class, you must read. she bases everything off the book. It is just too much extra work that she makes you do. group presentation, then group paper, individual paper and she hates when people walk into class late. she's grades hard and is a tough teacher.
4.0 : Dr. Rickman is a great professor. She tells you what she expects from her students during the first class meeting. To succeed in this class, you'll need to read BEFORE class and keep up with your reading journals. There are quizzes on each section of the reading but that is CLEARLY stated in her syllabus. I also recommend going to SI Sessions!
5.0 : Dr. Rickman is one of those people that you can go up to &amp; ask questions. She isn't intimidating. She's happy to help, sure there's no power points but who cares? You're there to learn, not to copy everything word for word. She offers extra credit and her lectures really make you think about things. I would take her again in a heartbeat.
4.5 : Professor Rickman is an amazing professor. Her lectures are really interesting. This is not an easy class. There is alot of work but it is reasonable. Readings are required before going to each class. She gives you a free pass to miss two days. There is one group project, two test (plus the final), quite a few essays &amp; random quizzes.  Its Doable!
5.0 : Dr. Rickman is a tough grader and teacher but it is evident that she cares immensely about her students and the topics we are learning about.  Dr. Rickman expects the best from her students and if you want to do well in her classes it would benefit you to visit her in office hours, ask for her feedback, or clarification if anything confuses you. :)
5.0 : I had professor rickman for two semesters and she was great. Both classes were difficult but this is the FIRST teacher in my college career to get me to actually do my work and learn something! There is no getting around the reading/work/tests.
3.5 : The book becomes your life, must read before class to pass quizzes. Quizzes each class meeting, three tests,group work, one major paper (4-5 pages) and reading journals.  Class might be boring at times,  but if you read before class, lecture is easier to understand.  Reading assignments are long and would recommend to take notes on the book.
5.0 : READ- quiz b4 every class; tests have essay questions so make sure you study hard, she requires reading journals for every chapter, and these will help you with the study guide and test in general, journal has to be in your own words(nothing exactly copied from the book). She's challenging, but probably thee MOST passionate professor I've ever had.
3.0 : Don't take her class!!!!!!!!! 6 100 question tests, 3 papers, 19 quizzes. treats the class like its an upper division class. strict and not sympathetic.
4.0 : Dr. Rickman is amazing! Of course it will be Easy exams if you study!!:) It's definitely possible to get an A, you have to simply study which is why we go to school in the first place. She sure does have 6 exams, yet she cut them down to 75 Q's, 3 papers (clear criteriadoesn't trick you). Try to write down titles ofslides+ spaces for main points.
2.0 : If you like not being able to write down your notes because the instructor is more worried about going thru slides than you understanding, pop quiz question that make your remember precise percentages, and bit of disorganization. Take this professor.
4.0 : Dr. Rickman is AMAZING. Yes, she expects a lot from her students, but it is not impossible work. As long as you do the readings and follow her guidelines for assignments you will pass. Also, make sure you KNOW YOUR APA.
5.0 : Professor finds really cool ways to make the class interact!  He definitely isn't your basic professor. He is brilliant, which I found out in office hours the second week when he was able to explain concepts to me I wasn't fully understanding. Definitely recommend taking his classes!
5.0 : Best GE class at Fresno State. Must take class. He's hot and dresses well too.
5.0 : Thanks for being amazing and wonderful Professor, Marvin! Best class I have taken so far!! I hope I can get your class again in the future. 3
5.0 : MC is seriously just an AMAZING PROFESSOR!!! He comes off a strong and tough the  first day of class, but don't be worried! He is such a great professor who will open your eyes to so many topics you would of never thought about. Go to his office hours!! Gives great feedback. Would take again. One of those professors that you will remember.
5.0 : Prof. Carter is one of those instructors that you talk about years later for funny moments in class. I enjoyed every lecture and activity in his class. If you show up and do all the assignments - you'll pass. He really cares about his students passing and is willing to explain until they understand. It's cool how he doesn't try to impress anybody.
5.0 : Excellent professor and great for a morning class. He gives it his all to make sure the class is entertaining. He takes a long while to grade but the speeches and essays are easy. 4 speeches and and 3 papers all of which any person can get an A on.
4.5 : Super entertaining class! Carter explains the material well by taking what is in the textbook and saying it in terms that young people can relate to. Participation counts for in between class, but you won't want to miss a class anyways because it's always so funny. 1 midterm, 1 final, 2 papers and 3 speeches. I highly recommend taking this course.
4.0 : Carter is a pretty funny guy, I would advise to take him for Comm. He's laid-back and he's pretty entertaining and hot!!! There are about 4 speeches, and 2 midterms. TAKE THIS CLASS, easiest comm class ever. The only thing that I don't really like is that he takes days to get grades in.
5.0 : Carter is very funny and interesting! You have three total speeches, one or two papers I believe, a midterm, and a final. Honestly, the work is not too hard and I did miss a few days and I was okay. He was my favorite professor thus far because he engages the class and is funny. By the way, he's so handsome!
4.5 : Carter is one heck of a guy. I had him in the morning, so not everyone was awake, but he started our day with jokes, and gave great lectures. Make sure to read each Chapter he assigns... He does quiz you on it. Speeches (only 3) are easy, and tests (2) are online. Take him!
5.0 : Fresno State needs more professors like MC! He is interactive, smart and really sarcastic (the good kind of sarcasm). He took about 2-3 weeks to get paper feedback to us, but all of our feedback for our speeches were done instantly, which is really really nice. I trying to take him again! Must take!
5.0 : Marvin is: witty, funny and persuasive.   There are: 2 exams, 1 paper, and 3 speeches.   Classroom environment: exciting, interactive and good energy  Take away: Put simply, if you have an option to take Marvin's class, do it. You won't regret it!
5.0 : MC made me want to be a teacher. He so smart, young, fashionable and personable. He is accessible outside of office hours. MC takes a completely different way when it comes to teaching he doesn't just plug and play with power-points. A class I thought I would hate, I found out that I loved! If Chris Brown had muscles they would be twins HAHA!
5.0 : Great teacher
5.0 : Superb
5.0 : The best comm 3 professor ever. Highly reccomend.
4.0 : I really enjoyed this class and it made me come out of my comfort zone when doing independent speeches.
4.5 : Awesome
4.5 : Offers in class extra credit and is very understanding with people with social or speech anxieties. Always there to help if needed. Relaxed environment. Definitely recommend you take his course if you have the chance.
5.0 : He's very down to earth &amp; explains very hard stuff in a clear and easy way to understand. He is very very funny &amp; interesting. I actually looked forward to attending his lecture because it was interesting. Not a hard grader, just make sure you listen &amp; TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Literally the best professor I've ever taken. He does il fun group work. He is willing to help you 247, is crystal clear, and really is inspirational. It's cool how he doesn't try to impress anybody. He is approachable and his passion for philosophy shines through his lectures. Easy grader if you make the effort, just take him. He rocks.
5.0 : awesome feedback &amp; support- he is helpful &amp; genuinely cares about his students- class is engaging &amp; I learned a lot about public speaking
5.0 : He is the most buff professor I have ever seen lol! I looked forward to MC's class every morning and I typically hate public speaking! There was only a few speeches, a paper and 2 easy exams. He also is open to working with you if you explain situations you have found yourself in.
3.5 : 3speeches,1 midterm,1 comprehensive final. 2 paper (if you do good on the first &amp; like your grade on it, he'll allow you to mimic that grade for the 2nd paper). Almost every class meet involves some sort of group activity that applies concepts from the textbook w/extra credit opportunities at times. Pop quizzes to see if you're reading (not graded)
5.0 : The work isn't hard - you just have to do it. He is a former athlete, so he gets the struggle of the student athlete life. He is willing to work with you in class and outside of class. I appreciated MC's class. Don't be intimidated by how smart he is! Don't let his swoleness fool you! The man knows his stuff about EVERYTHING lol!!
4.5 : Midterms might be hard
5.0 : MC is absolutely faboulousss!! Loved this class!   He genuinely cares about her students and is always willing to help you during office hours or in class. He will make you feel comfortable and at ease. His grading is fair and he extremely approachable.
4.0 : Very cool teacher. Makes the class fun. He will help you out when you need it. Read the book and you'll pass the tests. He gives a review for the tests. Make sure to go to classes for speech days or he does take 10% off. Other than that it's a really great class!!
4.5 : Best professor ever
5.0 : Great professor who is very clear and helpful. Class is easy if you put in the effort to complete all the assignments (3 speeches, 2 papers, 1 final, 1 midterm). Plus it helps that he is smokin' hot, so that will encourage you to come to class everyday.
5.0 : He gave great feedback on my speeches, that helped me better my speeches that followed. Enjoyed having him. He was very funny and down to earth! I wouldn't have asked for a better comm professor.
3.5 : If you're able to write essays no problem, then the speeches shouldn't be too challenging because it's mostly an oral presentation of an essay. For the speeches, he let's you choose your own topics. On the day you speak, you turn in a delivery outline, which is a short outline of the speech, &amp; a presentation outline, an essay pretty much.
3.5 : Papers &amp; speech preparation outline are written in APA style. He'll put guidelines up for each assignment, giving you the details. Each speech will require sources, which can't be stuff you find on online websites. Sources have to be either books from the library, ebooks, articles found on academic databases, etc. He does give stdy guides for tests
3.5 : 3 speeches, 2 papers, and 2 exams. Wonderful teacher that applied book learning to class with activities. Very relatable and made class fun, but be careful. He can throw some "curve balls" (ie papers/speeches) and really expects EVERYONE to participate in class. I definitely had to read the book, but the book is easy and short. Would take him again
5.0 : MC is definitely a professor I would love to take again. Everything from lectures or just conversation MC does a great job making the material apply to us (which is appreciated in a GE class). I would highly recommend MC for any student!
5.0 : I'm a senior and every year I write a review for my favorite professor. Without a doubt MC was the best. He provided extra office hours, interesting ways of learning outside of lectures, and isn't sore on the eye haha. I would highly recommend MC because he definitely provided me with motivation to come to class, if you catch my drift.. xD
3.5 : He uses a WEIGHTED grading system. So when calculating your grade you do NOT just add all the points up and divide by the total possible points. 1st speech is an introduction speech, 2nd is a cultural artifact speech, 3rd is an informative speech, and 4th is a persuasive speech.
4.0 : Comm 3 was fun class, you gotta go to class, book is used almost every class so it's kinda mandatory since the final is based on it. Keep up on the reading and you'll be good. There is like 3 presentations and no HW just prepare for them. Funny guy take this class.!
5.0 : Do the work and pass the class. I appreciated the realness of MC's class. A must take class. 2 easy exams, 3 easy speeches, and a reflection paper. Literally cake.
5.0 : Professor MC a lively instructor. He makes himself available for office hours that are on the syllabus, which is really nice when you work two jobs and go to school full time.. I would absolutely take this professor again. He is big on group activities. Do the short readings assigned too. He isn't too bad to look at either (former athlete).
5.0 : Mr. Carter helped me prepare to graduate and avoid slipping up not just in my class, but in my other classes as well. Mr. Carter is not only a fantastic instructor, but a great individual. Must take!
5.0 : Yo,   Mr. Carter is the awesome AF, highly recommend taking him (only downside is he expects you in class)!
5.0 : The class is really easy, 2 tests, 2 small papers, and a few speeches. The structure of the class is designed to be student interactive. Mr. Carter is 1. incredibly sexy 2. really handsome 3. insanely smart (so hot)! With this in mind, the mandatory classes were NEVER an issue! A must take class ladies! Omg and he ALWAYS smells good (thank you)!!
5.0 : Professor-  Professor MC is bomb, intellectually and physically. He is also really laid back, but animated. It's cool.  And he is very considerate to delicate situations.   Class- Straight forward assignments and creative group assignments.  Class is smooth. Easy reads, easy papers; comfortable.  If you have the opportunity, take him.
5.0 : Mr. Carter is easy to approach and really cool to talk to. He always brings good energy to class, which helps the dry material go by smoothly. #highlyrecommended
5.0 : This teacher seems genuinely interested in the well being of his students. He is fairly informative and relatable. I would likely take another class instructed by him. He grades based on his knowledge of your skill level and looks for improvement, and isn't much of a surprise test type of teacher. Anybody that takes this class will enjoy it!
3.0 : Hes a good person but not too good of a professor. Hes super chill and an awesome person but he explains stuff in a weird way that makes sense to him but not to you. I like the guy but as a professor he just isnt there. He forgets assignments and deadlines and the entire schedule gets messed up so the entire class is confused. Wouldnt take him.
5.0 : The most real dude you'll come across. He's very explicit, straight to the point, and direct. Sometimes it's hard to understand what's going on with assignments but he is really open and will answer any questions you have. Work load is cake.
5.0 : I have not had a teacher go so far out of their way to help. The class is about bringing what we are interested and love into the class. I would take him again.
2.0 : Awesome person but bad professor. Explains stuff that makes sense to him and not you. Super funny and chill but too chill on academia so the entire schedule gets ruined and he doesnt know his own stuff. Just too confusing and not worth it.
5.0 : In our comm3 class it's poppin haha. Not sure about the other courses. Mr. Marvin is really engaging. I am a shy person so it is tough for me, but I think overall my experience has been good. He is always helping students before and after class. Not a lot of professors make extra time to help.
5.0 : This is the second time I have taken Professor Carter. The fact I have taken him for a second time clearly means I highly recommend taking his course. His lectures are engaging and not stale and boring power-points. He is passionate about how he teaches. When I had a situation going on he did everything he could to help me get through. MUST TAKE!
5.0 : MC has really amazing lectures. Most my classes I sleep. In MC's class I don't sleep, I actually participate! He does a good job making the lectures engaging and applicable to our lives. I would tell everyone to take this class that need COMM8.
5.0 : Professor Carter is an awesome instructor! He understands argumentation on a completely different level! I learned so much from his lectures because he is so engaging and funny! He makes the class environment accessible and nurtures productive healthy engagements between everyone in class. He isn't too bad on the eyes either :)
5.0 : Professor Carter is legit AF.  Perfect professor for athletes. I would recommend him 10/10 times.
5.0 : The class was only hard for me because I have lots of speech anxiety. That being said, Professor Carter did everything to work with me and to help me. I am currently at 93% and that would not be possible without him working with me in class and in office hours. Everyone should take Professor Carter's course! He is simply amazing.
5.0 : I hate groups. Professor Carter showed me that I shouldn't hate them because there is so much value in groups. He showed me different perspectives to engaging all types of groups even within my family context. Professor Carter is incredibly personable and approachable. If you have a chance to take him, I would take him without hesitation!!
5.0 : Everyone knows MC is smart as hell. He is also fine as hell. More important than all that is he takes time to work with everyone student, even during lectures. He is genuinely interested in the growth of us as students and young adults. Take the class if you can.
5.0 : I just love Professor Carter. He is the best professor I have ever had and I am in my 3rd year.
4.5 : Literally. A. Genius.   Makes class enjoyable. Not bad looking, either!
5.0 : This Professor has like no chill, he is savage. All you have to worry about is working together as group and debating on your communication.  The only hard things in his class is the mid term and final but you can just like google and find the answers online. Anyway he is an awesome professor.
5.0 : -Well dressed -Really funny -The good kind of sarcastic  -Enjoyable class (best GE class so far)
5.0 : Professor Carter made himself available even during times that were not in his office hours. I really appreciate his help because many of my other professors were not willing to work with my full-time work schedule and school. Professor Carter is awesome! :)
5.0 : Marvin is really cool. He is young so he knows how to communicate with us and does a good job making the classroom educational and fun. Take his class!!
5.0 : When Professor Carter first walked into the class I thought to myself that it was a student who had good taste in fashion, but no. He started taking role and I was basically sold on the class.   Must take!
5.0 : This is my second time taking public speaking and all I can really say is I wish I had taken Marvin's class first! He makes the material easy to engage and gives lots of activities to make sense of all the concepts we talk about. If you're an athlete like me who hates public speaking or just someone who isn't fond of public speaking take his class!
5.0 : Marvin was a very good teacher, he made the material easy to learn. He often breaks the ice to make the class less awkard. Presenting gets easier as you go. Easy A if you do the work and prepare for speeches.
5.0 : Grade is mainly on speeches given in class and exams. Fun class
5.0 : This is a great teacher that really connected with us during the semester. We shared common interests like computers, and it made me appreciate how good professors at Fresno state could be. He is funny and is laid back. Would highly recommend him!
5.0 : This class was my favorite of the semester. He was a funny teacher with a lot of personality. He is a must have for communications courses!
5.0 : Professor Carter is one of the best professor a student can have at Fresno State he's really funny and he teaches his material very well. Overall great professor and person definitely recommend him.
5.0 : I feel like there is nothing that Mr. Carter doesn't know. I asked professor Carter about working out and he knew so much information my brain nearly exploded in 5minutes during his office hours. He is the most supportive professor I have had yet! He is a fun, smart and a really personable professor. I already recommended him to my bestie! :)
5.0 : Prof Carter is a great teacher. He makes understanding the subject easy and fun to learn. Definitely recommend him to everyone. Loved his class! Mel
5.0 : Professor Carter was an amazing teacher! His lectures were very clear and he made learning very enjoyable. He's also super hilarious. I would highly highly recommend taking his class!
5.0 : Professor Carter is an amazing instructor.  He managed to make a 9am lecture enjoyable.  His Comm3 class was full of amazing personalities and this made my first semester memorable. Professor Carter is the coolest and funniest professor I've had. If I had the opportunity to take this class again I definitely would. Highly recommended!
5.0 : Marvin was one of the best professors I have had so far, he made the class so fun and easy to understand. Taking this class helped me gain a lot of confidence to do more public speaking.
5.0 : It was not waste of my time.
5.0 : Marvin is a great professor for this class. While attendance is mandatory, your grade is mainly based on four speeches and two papers. If you turn in everything and try, you will be fine. He made coming to an 8am class enjoyable and comical.
5.0 : I had professor Carter at City and State. His argumentation class was fire! I hate arguing with people, but somehow I managed to enjoy the class. The class was vibrant with differing opinions, but Mr. Carter never projected his own opinion onto. He just helped us to shape our arguments to make them better. A must take class! Sooo enjoyable! :)
5.0 : Professor Carter hands best professor at Fresno State (this is my third semester).  Why is he the best? Its simple:  -Smart -Makes hard concepts easy -Funny with fun activities -Makes extra time outside of his office hours for students   That definitely sums it up! Oh and he is super cute! Like 11/10 status, especially for a professor!
5.0 : Mr. Carter was my favorite professor in my first semester in college. He made everything fun, and encouraged us to work together as a group. Definitely recommend this professor.
5.0 : Loved this class! At first I thought this class was going to be my least interesting, but I looked forward to every lecture every week! Prof. Carter not only is appealing to look at, but to listen to his lectures and stories make the class a great time!
5.0 : Very hilarious professor. Has a humorous personality but when it comes to work he knows what he is teaching. Group projects are eligible and easy to accomplish, you just have to participate and communicate with your group and it will be a piece of cake. I would love to take this course again, Best communication group 8 class.
4.0 : Great teacher, I just would've wished that during lectures, he would've had visuals available because not everyone learns the same.
5.0 : Professor Carter made the material easy to relate to and understand. This class truly helped me and made me more confident to speak publicly. Enough time is given for every assignment and the instructions are clear. Professor Carter replies to emails and can setup time to meet with you outside of his office hours.
5.0 : Personally I loved this professor. His lectures were not boring at all and i actually did not mind going to his class (:
5.0 : Professor Carter made the material very interesting and easy. I enjoyed all the in-class activities and group works.
5.0 : Best class I have taken yet! 100% take this class. Teacher is dope.
5.0 : Carter is a great professor! He makes the class very interesting, even if the subject is boring. He will DEFINITELY make you laugh. His class was my favorite this semester. If you have the chance to take a class with Carter, you should do it! You won't regret it!
5.0 : He's amazing at what he does. Thanks for being a great professor Marvin!:)
5.0 : Super easy and lectures are hilarious. Giving a speech is a breeze. You only have to do 4 presentations and 2 papers. Study guide had some of the questions on there but not all. Some weren't on the test, and some questions weren't on the study guide.
5.0 : I think Marvin is personable. He finds unique ways to relate to everyone in class. I think him being young, smart attractive and creative is what makes everyone want to keep coming back to class. The content is really dry, but because of Marvin's characteristics, the class really finds a cool way to come to life. That is an 8am class,too! Must take
5.0 : Only 2 small papers and 3 speeches. Come to class and its not too bad at all! He is funny too
5.0 : Out of all my classes this semester, I enjoyed Professor Carter's class the most. he made learning interesting because he didn't just lecture everyday. He is a raider fan too! #love
5.0 : Interactive class! Always an activity going on. Never a ton of lectures or quizzes. Funny professor too
5.0 : Bro is hella buff! Cool guy whose actually interested in you growing. I'd take him again
4.5 : I'd take him again if he taught other courses.
5.0 : Definitely a great class as an incoming freshman!
5.0 : Lots of group projects, little lecturing. Really cool dude! He loves sports too!
5.0 : Holds you accountable.  Clearly knows what he is talking about Very funny Always by Starbucks for any questions we could have  He is very interactive in the class He is a Bulls fan and always smelled good too lol!
5.0 : Definitely worth taking for public speaking
5.0 : I. Loved. Him. Hottest professor I've ever seen. Was happy to go to class every time. He was a super chill teacher! Gained respect from his students by being personable and funny. Lectures were engaging, he is a great public speaker. Passed without using the book. I wish I could take more of his classes, he is my favorite college professor!
5.0 : Carter gives good lectures and knows the material very well. He engages the students and gets to know them, especially if you participate and/or sit in the front. If you actually put in effort and do all 4 speeches and both papers, you'll pass. Also, there's only two test, the midterm and final (both are very easy).
3.0 : He also goes by Tom, he's a very interesting professor and keeps the lecture alive. You wont get bored. He is a little disorganized when it comes with assignments and tests but he is an honest professor. I recommend Tom but make sure you study and do your homework. Also he doesn't give out study guides.
4.5 : I took this class to learn more about arguing because I really suck at it. I have gained quite a bit of confidence in this area thanks to having a teacher who legitimately has a love for the subject :)
3.0 : Not sure why but he went by Tom. Let me just say that you'll love and hate his class. You'll love it because he keeps the lectures interesting and alive, but you'll hate his guts sometimes because he's very blunt and makes you work for your grade. Make sure you do the readings and do everything he assigns. Also go to class!!
5.0 : He goes by Tom. He is a little strange and intimidating at first but he will lighten up. This class is incredible. It's a tough class. The way he analyses arguments is amazing.  pro: lots of examples, cares about the students learning, brilliant, funny con: heavy on sarcasm, blunt, no study guide for the tests, sometimes forgetful
2.5 : He teaches what he needs but concept is confusing to learn so learn before going into class. Midterm exam and Final exam only. Book is required and required to read before class. Quizzes on the chapters in book. About 3 debates. Wouldn't take again...
5.0 : You will learn a lot from him but you have to work for it. His lectures are interesting and engaging but god help you if he decides to write on the board because his handwriting is awful. Anything more than 2 absents will effect your grade. Very interesting guy. He give extra credit quizes that are on the reading for the day.
5.0 : His class was the most interesting class all semester. Lectures are lively and he really knows what he's teaching. You have to be in class or you might miss one or two huge concepts that you won't understand from your buddies notes. Midterm, final, one paper, one debate. Fun and interactive class.
4.5 : My first class in college. He is clear and knowledgable about argument. He is a debate coach and really good at arguing. He debated one of the students when her partner didn't show up. Strict attendance. There are two tests in the class and bunch of extra credit quizes from the reading.
4.0 : If you've taken an ABA class before this class will be a breeze. If not, I'd imagine it would still be super easy. You have to go to class because he does in class assignments and quizzes. If you pay attention you'll get an A.
5.0 : Dr. Payne is a terrific professor when it comes to ABA. He has tons of experience in the field and teaches in a way that anyone can understand the material. He is persistent in making sure students are learning. Class isn't terribly dull since he makes it interactive. He's kinda weird so that keeps things interesting. Likes to crack jokes often .
1.0 : He will pour his politics down your throat, he is a very odd and awkward individual, this makes class glitchy and hard to follow. His jokes fall flat on their faces and if you arent vegan than watch out cause he will rip you a new one.  You can tell, like almost every other professor his domain is the clasroom and he gets off on having a PHD.
5.0 : He does a lot of in class activities to apply what you are learning and it counts for points. If you go to class regularly you won't need to read the book. You can to back up or clarify things learned in class. His review questions are closely related to quiz questions. If you study your quizzes for the exams you will get a good grade.
4.5 : Fun class. Weekly quizzes from text, just read (or skim) and you'll do fine. You get to interact with the grad students and do fun mini-group projects. Try to get into the parenting class portion of the class because childcare may get a bit boring. HOWEVER, if you have no experience with children with disabilities do childcare!
5.0 : Professor Payne is a brilliant teacher, who loves ABA. He has much experience in this field of Psychology and makes class fun and interesting. He likes to joke and have fun too. Make sure to come to class and take notes. Study all the past quizzes, and the tests will be a piece of cake. Pay attention , take notes and participate in class discussion
4.0 : Quiz's &amp; tests were very upfront! I loved that about him. Weekly quiz question  EASY. But, BOTH exams have heavy fill and short answer. But, he covered all content from lecture, straight forward answers!   No confusing questions! Take notes!! Because some questions in class end up on the tests. Fun activity with Grad students,do u like dogs?
5.0 : He was an amazing professor. Would recommend this class to anyone. He had weekly quizzes regarding the readings we had every week but if you just skim them before class, you'll do fine. Get ready to have class participation with grad students too because you'll do group participation each class with them. Great class and great professor.
5.0 : Best marketing professor. Completely understands her students and grades fairly. No surprises. Would take Dr. Bells class again.
5.0 : Dr. Yun's lectures were super fun and interactive. Her use of technology made the class fun and the collaborative effort from my classmates made it a wonderful learning experience.
5.0 : Cathy Yun will intimidate you when you walk into her class. She will go over the syllabus and it will seem like a lot of work! And it is. It almost sounds crazy! But then she is actually a very great professor! She's there for you. Her organization is crazy good. She is extremely clear in her expectations, so just follow it and you'll pass.
5.0 : Lankford is a teacher you HAVE TO TAKE, super interesting course that gives you the freedom to do what you want. The majority of the grading is based off a trip that YOU want to do. Very informative with all of the topics discussed. Most importantly. Super easy to get an A!! Besides the grade I feel like what I learned should be taught 2 everyone
5.0 : He was one of the most amazing professors I have ever had, I was horrible at math but taking statistics with him was great, I passed with an A. Would definetely recommend him
5.0 : He's a fanatic instructor. The class isn't hard, however, you do need to memorize some equation. Do your homework, and participate, and you will pass easy. No papers to write. Homework is easy. Tests are easy as well. When I took his class, almost all test were take home.  Attendance isn't mandatory, but still show up to class as there are notes.
5.0 : Marcus will come on as intimidating when you first enter class, but don't worry the semester gets better and he gets nicer. Likes to joke around a lot. The tests were take home, and it was not a hard class to pass at all. I am not a math person and I got an A in his class.
5.0 : He is a great professor! Intimidating at first but then mellows way down. I am terrible at math, and I got an A in this class. All tests are take home. Do your homework, participate, show you careare trying, do your best on tests and I promise you will get an A. He does NOT want to see any of his students fail. Makes the class easy; take him!
4.5 : Great teacher. You'll learn a lot from him!  He's funny and chill. He grades easy and is very nice if you ever need help on assignments. Just show up and do your work. Please participate when you're in his class (everybody) or you might get an essay haha. Overall, amazing!   FIRST TO RATE THIS PROFESSOR YAY! xD  Gl and enjoy his class!
5.0 : Professor Tafoya is the best professor ever. He truly cares about students. I wish every professor was like him. Interesting, truly inspirational and real. He wants students to succeed. I'm hoping he teaches more classes.
5.0 : This professor is knowledgeable and personable. Laid back and totally cool. I can't wait to take more classes from him! Best professor ever. Like said above, participation is a must.  Finally a professor that treats us like people.  He actually makes us want to come to class. Wait.. Did I actually just say that? Yep.
5.0 : Professor Tafoya is one of the best professor ever! He truly cares for his students and its evident, every class was interesting and we always learned something new it really opens your eyes into what the Crim field really is like! He makes you feel as though he truly cares! He is an inspirational man and I' so glad i was able to learn from him! :)
5.0 : Tafoya is not a political Science professor. He is a criminology one. He is a well respected man.I will not give out any details as i will leave it for a surprise. His class is really easy and his lectures makes you want to learn the Subject. There are no test are quiz. Just a few homework essays. If your a Crim major. This is a must take course.
5.0 : Tafoya is honestly a good guy who helps out his students as much as he can. PLSI 90 is a required course for PLSI majors and pretty much as long as you show the least bit of effort by showing up to class it is an easy A. Every single person got an A in my class. Highly recommend taking him for PLSI 90. He likes to joke around to make class fun.
5.0 : Although not a normal PLSI instructor, Marcus is a great teacher. Many of his tests are take home, and he grades very easy. This is a stats class, and he focuses on formulas. The class is crazy easy and there is very little homework. There are no papers for this class. Attendance isn't really mandatory, but you should show up to learn the subject.
5.0 : Sam is a really great teacher, she gets to the point of what you are learning. The assignments were fairly easy. Don't bs her because she knows the difference. I would highly recommend her to anyone. He classes are fun to be in, she talks about current events, which I liked. You can pass doing the bare minimum so the grade is your choice.
5.0 : Super easy class. Alot of reading but with a professor like her you wont mine. Always there to help even by email.... Shes so awesome.. not just as a professor but as a person ... Highly recommand.. easy A
4.0 : Lots of how don't miss any but she pretty fair classes are fun she cancels alot ;)
5.0 : She is a real good professor with good feedback and really can connect with her students.
4.5 : Professor Sam is a fantastic person, in and  out of the class room. She's always there for her students by email or appointment. The projects can be a little long but she gives you the material to get through it. As long as you put in your part you will get an A. I assure you that.
5.0 : definately an easy A if you do the work and read the stuff she sends you.
5.0 : I took this in 2015-2016, she was amazing. Great english teachers, kept my interest peeked. I would take her again if i could.
4.5 : No exams. Nasalroad wants students to start businesses &amp; assignments are hands on. Liked this class, but felt like I could have gotten more out of it rather than watching episodes of Shark Tank considering this class is only held once a week. This class has potential, felt Nasalroad was overloaded with his other obligations at Reedley college.
3.0 : He is an amazing professor and very inspirational.
5.0 : Spectacular Professor, Been in college for a long time and Eric was by far my favorite Professor. Be ready to learn information that is practical for every day life and walk out of that class knowing you can and will be successful. Everything you learn is from experience and knowledge of someone who truly understands business. Great Class!
5.0 : He was by far the best professor I have ever had.  Incredibly inspirational and after taking his  class I feel confident in starting my own business where I was uneasy about it before. I wish I can take this class every semester.
5.0 : Professor Brazil is an amazing professor. She is always willing to help you when you need it. Her tests are based off of her study guides. Tests are super easy. Gives a lot of extra credit. Gives good feedback on how to improve presentations. Overall great professor , would definitely have her as a professor again !
4.5 : Stesha is young, fun, &amp; made my communications experience much better than I expected. Speeches and papers are fairly easy. You'll love having her as a teacher. Highly recommended.
4.0 : Stesha brazil is a great professor, very young and easy. Just watch the way you present your speech she can be a little critical about that. 2 writings, 3 presentations, 1 midterm and 1 final.
5.0 : I was dreading taking COMM3 because I hate presentations, but Professor Brazil made the class very interesting and fun! You could pretty much give a presentation on whatever interests you. The tests are super easy, I barely studied for them and still got an A in the class. Hands down the easiest and most enjoyable class I've taken.
5.0 : Miss Brazil was very interesting and understanding. I definitely recommend her.
5.0 : She is awesome!!!! Very easy class.
4.0 : Really easy grader on the speeches. Make sure you read the book, necessary to get an A on midterm and final. Easy to talk to, very nice :)
5.0 : Best professor ever
4.5 : Very chill. Great energy. Yes, guys, she's pretty but really , focus. Eyes are up there. It's always a joy to go to class.
4.5 : Aside from her having a big ass, she was a very helpful teacher. Ask a question, and you'll get an answer. She clearly explained the course work, and if you didn't understand she would take the time and explain it to you, she also helps you pick out topics if you're not sure what you want to do
5.0 : Amanda is the sweetest girl ever. She's really young and an excellent professor. She loves her job and it's clear. She makes class fun and is willing to help you with absolutely anything. She brought us all donuts one day just to be nice :) Loved her class! Fairly easy grader as well.
5.0 : Great teacher!
4.5 : she's the sweetest person ever and as long as you turn in the speech outlines and show up on the day of your speeches you should get at least a B. there are two tests, midterm and final. there are 5 speeches but all but 2 were very easy and could be written in an hour. you MUST show up for class regularly or it will negatively effect your grade.
5.0 : Very understanding when you have a problem with your SL organization.  Very clear when it comes to lectures, includes fun activities in some classes.  Recommend her for Comm 8!
5.0 : Rowen is a great professor. Looks and plays the part. You will want to be in class just to stare at her all day. Got a nice booty to stare at too. Must take.
5.0 : If you can't work with groups, this isn't the class for you. If you don't mind then I would recommend Amanda to everyone because she's a great teacher. She's young so the lectures are interesting and she's always willing to help out no matter what. There were 3 presentations and 3 tests (2 exams, 1 final) which aren't hard at all.
4.0 : Fun class.  Very nice prof, she is energetic. Lectures are powerpoints she reads word for word but they are bearable. Read the book on your own time for the tests.
5.0 : She is one of the best professors I had! She is super sweet and engages with the students. Lectures are interesting and informational. only need to do 3 speeches, 2 papers, and two test (Midterm and final) Would recommend her for communications!
4.0 : She is cute! Fun class! I enjoyed coming to class, make sure to buy the book!
5.0 : Super understanding, no one is quite like her! Definitely would take her again !
5.0 : Professor Rowen was my favorite professor so far. She made being in class not a drag or boring. Her presentations covered a lot but were super easy and quick to copy down. I never bought the book and still passed with a B, but with the book, you could easily get an A while having a great knowledgeable experience. I'd recommend her comm 8 any day!!!
4.0 : This is an easy A class. If you don't mind talking in front of the class, then you should take this class. The lectures are simple, we only had lectures in the beginning of the semester. We had midterm at the end of semester and it was hard but he curved it a lot. And for the presentation you have like..6-7, for 3 of them you need to have outline
5.0 : I'm taking a second class with him and highly recommend. He's really sweet and he treats you like a friend while still managing to teach effectively.
3.5 : For him it is about answering all of his questions for the assignment and most importantly CORRECT APA CITATION IS KEY to get a good grade on whatever paper you do. Without the right citation you get at least a C on whatever it is you write, which sucks. Other than that, cool teacher, cool class to be in. Oh you really don't need a txbk.
4.5 : Advanced public speaking, be prepared for some easy reading and written assignments, a few prepared speeches, and several impromptu speeches. Overall a really easy and enjoyable class. Dude knows what he's talking about.
4.5 : He has a relaxed classroom environment, cool guy. Not really any lectures. Just impromptu speeches, a midterm, and a small group project which was easy. He offers a few different extra credit opportunities which is always nice. He is super helpful with anything you need. I would definitely recommend taking his course
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever had! He's super funny and relatable. He teaches effectively while telling hilarious stories.  Just show up and the work and you will get an A.
4.0 : He grades really fairly, Just do your speeches and show up in case of pop quizzes. Offered extra credit towards the final
5.0 : I loved taking Communication with this guy. Honestly, he was way more flexible with me than he should've been. Just do your outlines, impromptu speeches, and take notes for his pop quizzes. Overall he's a pretty laid back dude and somewhat sarcastic (in a good way.)
5.0 : Mr. Cooper is the best! Honestly one of the best classes I have ever taken at Fresno State. He creates a safe space for discussion! I felt so comfortable in his class. His clothes may be a little tight, but still he is super professional. He doesn't judge you on the things you say, and because of him I am a better speaker.
2.5 : I recommend another professor
4.5 : Great, awesome, fantastic! Participate and do well on the outline and deliver your speech--you'll be fine.
5.0 : Class was fun. Cool teacher would take this class again.
5.0 : The coolest and most laid back class I have ever taken at Fresno state! Best part about this class is all we do is play games against each other and Bryan plays as well when there is not enough people. Gonna take it again next semester for sure! Highly recommend!
5.0 : Easy A, tests are easy. All from the simple book. She grades hard on the paper, with grammar and spelling.
5.0 : I took her ph114 night class and it was easy!!!!! her lectures get borng but she find a way to spice them up. Her tests are online and VERY EASSSSSYYYYYYYYY! Two papers due that are easy as well and she is very nice and helpful.
5.0 : Her lectures can take longer than they really should but she cares about her students.  Her papers and exams are not difficult.  Enjoyed her class, I recommend taking her class.
3.0 : Very nice professor, she loves what she does. Class if very easy, lectures get long and boring, but knows how to make them interesting and fun. Her grading on papers is all based off on grammer errors, you can get a perfect 50/50 on your content, but if you have errors expect to get a  lower grade.
5.0 : Easy class! tests are right off the study guide, and only assignment you work on through the semester is a presentation about changing a bad habit. Super easy. Class meets once a week so mandatory to go. Lecture is a drag but worth taking this class.
4.5 : Great TA!  Always giving a helping hand and wouldn't mind helping you until you understand it. CRAZY CLASS tho
4.5 : Taylor is a great guy who absolutely loves Biology. I really enjoyed his class. It is definitely not easy though. You are going to have to study a lot to do well on the tests (practicals).
5.0 : By far one of the best instructors in our department. I loved her classes and wish she was teaching more. She helped me with my writing in her office just so i could do better and i am happy for that because i will go further in my career because of help from Dr. B
5.0 : Alot of info but she helped us alot with the info. I liked going to class wekly
5.0 : LOVE HER!!! AMAZING PROFESSOR, VERY KNOWLEDGABLE, AND HELPFUL.
1.0 : For an introduction rehabilitation course, this was challenging. She was always so vague with instructions, and wasn't helpful at all. When you ask for help she just tells you to refer to the syllabus or any handouts given.
4.0 : I love Professor George! She is the reason why I have finally decided on my future career. I totally recommend her. Her class is so interesting&amp;easy! We had 3 exams and about 10 in-class activities. You're missing out if you don't take her. She tries to make the class enjoyable. Loved attending her class!! Easy A, don't buy the book for this class.
4.0 : Professor George is an amazing instructor. I loved her course! She makes lectures really interesting. She is really helpful when you need her and is very passionate about teaching.  I learned so much by taking her course! Grading criteria is straight forward. You must take her!
4.0 : She's passionate in the field. Class was an Easy A. Tests weren't too hard. Occasional class work and one current event presentation. Rarely used book, only time I used the book was to elaborate on certain topics and look at diagrams.
5.0 : THE BEST INSTRUCTOR EVA! She loves teaching and loves to talk about the diseases presented in class (especially helminths). She is a great instructor, I only wish there were more like her.
5.0 : I love Ami, she's seriously the best teacher at fresno state. If you can take any of her classes, do so. she's so caring and funny! Her exams are directly from her lecture/PowerPoint-no surprises. She's just amazing, trust me.
5.0 : Such an amazing professor! I loved her class and how knowledgeable she is! I would take the class again if I could! Tests are tough but if you pay attention to her lectures and take detailed notes on different diseases you'll be fine!
4.0 : Very nice person. Class was pretty interesting. Easy A as long as you use her study guides for her tests.
5.0 : Excellent instructor! Overral the class isn't that hard and she is very helpful for those that want to learn spanish. Test are very easy and you must participate to pass the class.
5.0 : The class is very easy. You'll learn basic staff so if you already know some Spanish, you should take Spanish 1B. Professor Ledesma also instructs Spanish 1B :)
5.0 : The class is very easy if you do your part by paying attention and by doing your work. She is very funny and helpful. You can see she really cares about her students. If for some reason you can't buy the book, she projects all the book activities so you can do your work in groups or with your partner.
4.0 : class is broken up into 8 modules. Each module has a discussion board(must post 3 times, roughly 350 words each, each on a different day), 4 assignments some are writing assignments (not more than 1000 words), 1 quiz per module, 4 exams and you get a study guide, offers one EC assignment, I didn't do it and still got an A. PP lectures are helpful
4.5 : She gives a quiz almost once a week, and they can be tough, but there is a ton of extra credit and an easy final. She is AMAZING, Andrea is so fun to listen to and be around. She is so funny and makes class fun. An easy A if you do the extra credit and get decent grades on the quizzes. LOVED her
4.0 : Mrs. DaSIlva-Perez was a good instructor.  Even though this was an online class, she was always accessible via phone and email if students had questions or needed clarification.  A very fair grader!  There was a lot of class work, but the expectations were pretty clear.
5.0 : (Phil 20) Show up to class and you'll pass. Copy her notes from her power points and you'll get an A. First day off class she told us, "There is no right or wrong way but there is always a better way." What I got out if it, I'm getting an easy A. Just participate when she asks questions and there'll be no doubt you'll get an A too!
4.0 : William's classes are all easy A. He doesn't require you to go to class, but if you do you are more likely to get an A. Definitely take as many of his classes as possible.
4.0 : He tries, but it's boring. I wish we talked more about the writing aspect of the class since that's why we're there. But it's about dinosaurs so that helps. If you are going into a STEM grad program this will help you with your scientific writing.
5.0 : I cannot believe I am the first to leave a review. Honestly, she is amazing. The class was a LOT of work, and especially since it was a one-night-per-week class, if you miss class you will fall behind quickly. However, she is one of the most understanding professors I have ever had. Communication is KEY with her. Highly recommend.
3.0 : I spent a bit of time on the homework in this class, nothing crazy. Just pay attention to his lectures, both exams are online, open everything. He's really bad at giving back your work, so don't expect to know what you could have done better. Interesting course material, don't feel overwhelmed, you'll learn this on the job from a professional.
5.0 : Professor Peterson makes the lectures interesting and clear. If you put effort into the class you can easily get an A grade. By the description of the class I thought it would be boring, but to my surprise it was really interesting especially the lab. You definitely leave the class having learned something. Would definitely recommend.
5.0 : Pretty straightforward course! a lot of in class assignments, but it's meant for students to try and ask questions.  Extremely helpful during office hours.  Some parts of the material can be confusing but just study a bit and ask for help and you'll be solid! cool dude overall and would take again!
4.0 : He likes to tell you about the work he has done
4.0 : Coming from a Geomatics Engineering major, Scott is a kind man. His lectures are interesting to say the least, especially for a first semester freshman. I had trouble at first, but reading the book, and drawing the problems helped me out. Going to Scott in his office hours is also very helpful. I was also lucky that the class was curved 20%.
4.0 : Lab for GME 15, wasn't too bad, just show up and you should do well.
3.5 : Well this class was definitely a step-up from GME 15. It was difficult mostly because I focused more on MATH 76, however, if I put more effort into it, I'm sure I would have done a lot better. Just do your homework early, and ask questions if you are unsure.
4.0 : This class was simple. We did the same thing for lab the whole semester. Just show up and you should pass. Also, know how to set-up a total station.
3.0 : This class was so easy. Just show up, I think it's like 60% of grade for attendance, and half of the semester class wasn't held so yeah. The book report is easy too, just don't procrastinate on writing it.
3.0 : Mr. Peterson is a great instructor but he is a hard grader. His test are difficult in the sense that they are not what you do in class. His online quizes are easy but don't get me wrong they can be difficult at times. He only assigned 3 honework assignments but they all were difficult with a strict grading criteria. Overall Mr. Peterson is a ok.
5.0 : Scott Peterson is one of the best professors Ive had. He is so caring about his students and very passionate about his work.
5.0 : Great prof but still hasnt put in grades yet and the semester ended two weeks ago lol
5.0 : Great professor. He is very clear in his expectations. Watch all the videos he assigns they are very helpful in learning the material. His questions on the tests are asking if you understand the concepts. The homework was difficult but he is very helpful during office hours.
3.5 : Professor Law breaks down the material so that it is very clear and easy to comprehend. The class was 85% tests (3 midterms and 1 final) and 15% homework. The tests were pretty easy since he is good at teaching the material, and I am normally a bad test taker. Definitely recommend taking Thermodynamics and Fluid Mechanics from Professor Law.
5.0 : Probably my favorite mechanical engineering teacher. He is fair and teaches the material insanely well. I took him for ME 136 and had to take him for ME 116 too. Take this teacher!
5.0 : Best thermodynamics teacher at Fresno State. He moves very quickly during the first couple chapters in ME 136 so it is helpful to read ahead. It's a tough course but he is really good at explaining the material as well as supporting you if you are having trouble. He is one of my favorie professors for ME, I wish he also taught ME 156 and ME 166.
5.0 : Fluids is his focus and it was amazingly easy. He is so clear you have no need to read the book. Exams are definitely fair. One of the best teachers in the ME department. I would take any class he offers if I had time.
3.5 : He gives study guides and at least two quizzes before an exam. The exam is the quizzes, study at least 20 hours a week if you want to do well and go to office hours it really helps!!
5.0 : This is one of the best instructors I have ever had. He is the best instructor in the chemistry department at Fresno state. He is head of the organic chemistry laboratorys. I really wish they had him teaching lectures. If you have a question ask and he will be sure to explain in a way your guaranteed to understand. Give you the tools you need.
4.0 : Easy lab class. Do all the experiments, project, turn in notebook. Failed all quizes. Grade A.
3.0 : HIs lectures are based off from powerpoint which are on blackboard. I stopped going to class for awhile and i was failing, so DO GO TO CLASS!!! There are 4 exams and 1 final which are based off from the first 4 exams. He is there to listen and help you if you have any questions at all.
5.0 : Not as difficult as I thought it would be. If you want to get an A you must study. Attending SI sessions are very helpful. His notes are clear but he does skip through some slides so you have to go over them on your own time. Attendance is not monitory but if you wanna pass you must attend because his lectures are very helpful and are on the exams.
4.0 : This class was very straight forward. Three exams, one final, and about 8 quizzes. All quizzes and exams are fairly tough but if you study you should not have a problem with this class. Ciula is an amazing professor and I definitely recommend this class.
4.0 : Reading &amp; SI help ALOT. I hardly ever went to lecture unless I read before going, still passed with B. Really focus on SI exams/past tests - they're the same as exams. Mastering HW - you get credit for doing it if it's at least a C online. Don't procrastinate!
4.0 : Took him for Chem 1A. It's a hard class in itself, but Ciula was an awesome professor. He is understanding and willing to help you. He met with me every week and spent at least an hour answering all of my questions. Stay on top of the homework and attend class, because you could get extra credit with iClicker questions. Highly recommend him.
5.0 : As long as you put in your best effort for this course, you will do well overall. There was one oral presentation and three quizzes. However there is no need to stress too much about them because he was not a harsh grader for anything!
4.0 : Dr. Radford is an excellent voice instructor who has a well-balanced style of teaching. He's very open and honest with his students, which is highly beneficial. He really knows how to work with students of differing caliber yet keeps his standards high. He's fun and very approachable as long as you are dedicated to your own learning.
5.0 : Easy class. Met twice a week. She is very helpful. Slideshows and book are ur best friends to pass. Blackboard &amp; top hat oriented. Exams are online 20 min for 20 questions. Not hard just study slides and the textbook. Attendance very important. 1 big project which counts for a big amount of points but not hard &amp; online final.
4.5 : He provided assignments that were relevant and projects that helped apply what we were learning. Being able to observe at the Autism Center and read the research that they were replicating was a really cool way to see what we were being taught. His lectures were informative and inspiring and he provided real world examples and videos to demostrate.
4.0 : Her class was a lot of fun! She keeps you interested and knows that you more than likely don't care about the class, but still finds ways to make it enjoyable.
5.0 : I thought she was pretty awesome. The lab manual had a lot of errors in it, but she helped clear them up, sometimes if the errors were bad enough, we didn't have to do part of the lab. Labs are turned in before you leave, so there isn't a lot of work outside of class, except the homework assignments that she give 100% just for turning something in.
5.0 : She's really funny. But, be ready for a really hard class. I took this class/lab because I thought it would be easier chem or bio, but this material is really hard. Fortunately, she makes it fun to learn, and she knows that most of you won't use it specifically. If you love Bill Nye, she plays it nearly every class.
4.5 : Loved this class. Not a fan of history but his lectures are so clear and modern that I wondered why I disliked history is the first place. Attendance isn't mandatory but he does give surprise writing assignments in class that are worth 20 points. Online reading quizzes are easy if you have the book and exams are easy if you do the study guide.
4.0 : His lectures were the best, very interesting. 2 midterms and a final. A few homework assignments, but he assigns a lot of online reading quizzes which can take a long time. Nice guy, wants his students to succeed. My biggest complaint is that it takes him like 2+ weeks to grade anything. Doesn't post his lecture online so plan to attend class.
4.5 : Straightforward class heavy in lecture but he's pretty interesting and cool.  Lectures are better than a lot of others.
3.5 : Graded the essay tough, but this class was by far the most interesting class I took at state so far. I actually learned from Garza and he made lectures interesting. There are a lot of notes, and the tests are part blue book, but this class was awesome I loved this professor.
4.0 : Class was tough but interesting.  Prof. Garza is a fun and interesting speaker.  I wish more professors had his attitude.
5.0 : Makes history interesting in lectures through powerpoints,  shows that he cares about teaching history to his students. Came to class almost  every class, took notes and actually took time to study them, ending the class with a high A.  A couple random quizzes in class super easy points more for attendance than actual information. Highly recommend
5.0 : If you hate history, take this class, he will makes it fun for you. I promise you, his lectures are not boring at all.  Just study for the test and you should be fine.. Overall, it's an easy class.
4.5 : Dana isn't just a professor, she is a friend to her students. Her class is challenging but she definitely prepares everyone for it in the most fun way possible. She always keeps the students awake and is there whenever you need her. She is the best professor I have had. I would definitely recommend that anyone who has COMM3, TAKE THIS CLASS! :)
5.0 : Dana is a great teacher. She is easy to understand and has great character. 10/10 would recommend. I lost my easy A for attendance reasons.
4.5 : Dana was a very helpful teacher. She answered all my questions (and I had a lot). She really wanted to make sure everyone excelled in public speaking. I would recommend her. The assignments were super easy, you can get away with missing a few days. She really enjoys when people interact with the class so do not be shy with her.
5.0 : Amazing Comm 3 professor, she has a great attitude and is specific on what she wants. Also her syllabus is ALWAYS on point, everything you need to know is on there. She makes her class easy for her students. LOVED IT!! TAKE HER!
3.5 : Dana is somewhat of an easy instructor. She's kind of a tough grader, but if you do all the work and do good on your speech you will pass. If you can speak in front of the class for 5-8 minutes . Take Her.
5.0 : Dana is a great professor. She is understanding with a lot of things. Quizzes online every week but they're open book and you get unlimited tries! She makes her classroom comfortable and she's not too tough on grading!
4.5 : Dana is the easiest &amp; best teacher I have had. I wasn't all for public speaking, but she made the class super easy and fun to take. I felt so confident talking in front of the class. You have 2 test, a midterm and final. We had quizzes everyday but they were quick and easy if yo do the reading. Overall great class and teacher!
5.0 : Dana is the best! She is really clear in what she wants and is also funny and brings smiles into the class!  She somehow gets that information stuck in your mind and you will pass with flying colors! She's really down to earth and is very young so she understands exactly what we're going through! TAKE HER!!!
5.0 : Dana is an awesome instructor however, the class is extremely time consuming.
4.0 : Dana's an awesome teacher &amp; you can tell that she cares about her students. She is personable &amp; tries her best to make sure everyone is on the same page. However, her class is extremely time consuming. Definitely not for someone who is not willing to put in the man hours but she is always ready &amp; willing to help whenever or whatever the case may be
3.0 : He was a really fun and nice teacher. The only problem was I wasn't able to get his critiques on my speeches because he never handed back rubrics or gave comments afterwards on what we should've worked on. It was very hard trying to improve speeches not knowing what to work on. The two midterms are hard and the book is essential for those.
5.0 : Had a great experience in Comm 3 with Cavallero. He is really nice and fair with grading. If you try hard and match his outlines for speeches, it will be a breeze.
5.0 : Extremely nice, helpful, and approachable. He makes a lot of jokes during lecture which makes the time go a lot faster. His tests can be a little challenging if you don't at least look over the book. You need the book to cite in both of the papers. I would definitely recommend him to a friend!
5.0 : It was love at first sight. The first time I saw the teacher, I fell madly in love with him. I was in the classroom with a pain in my liver that fell just short of being jaundice. I was puzzled but I did not care for I knew that this class was for me. Very easy and worth taking thee class to finish your GE requirements. Very easy and teaches great.
5.0 : Fun class, easy as long as you read. He's fun.
5.0 : Great teacher. Seriously hilarious and easy to connect with. Class is never boring even on lecture days and its easy to see how the material can be connected to life in general, and not just getting a good grade in this 1 GE class. Would take again if he taught other courses and would recommend to friends who don't mind hard work and like learning.
5.0 : Mr. Cavallero was pretty cool. He was very funny during his lectures, which made the class bearable. He expects a lot, but is more than willing to help a student who needs it.
5.0 : Took this class online. Easy just do the assignments and you'll get an A. I believe there was 4 discussion boards, 2 essays but they were short not bad at all! All the exams are online total of 3. Would definitely recommend this for an upper GE.
5.0 : Great course with a variety of topics to choose from in regards to responses and papers (you have options on what you want to write about). Covers course material well in the posted power points, usually an assignment a week.
3.0 : discussion post and quiz every other week. one midterm and final. offers some extra credit. make sure you do not missing discussion board post and quizzes their easy points that can affect your grade!
4.0 : Shearer was a good online instructor. She grades fairly and is very good about reminding you about assignments and she responds to any questions you have promptly. All you need to do is the discussion boards and the quizzes/tests and one paper. It's an easy course.
4.0 : Due to how easily I passed this class, I don't have much to say. A quiz/test at the end of every week which are easy to do. Study Guides provided for Mid &amp; Final. Papers are manageable, easy. Recommend for Easy A.
5.0 : There is either a quiz OR a DB every week. There are two short essays and 2 exams (a study guide is provided). She posts a powerpoint on the material covered that week. The final is composed of true/false and multiple choice questions. She's super nice and I definitely recommend taking any gerontology class with her!
5.0 : Neil is a good man and professor. He' also really cool and interactive with his students, he wants you to pass and gives you the opportunities to do so. Tung is actually my favorite professor so far.
5.0 : Professor Tung is a great professor. Class was easy! We had labs every class so attendance wasn't mandatory but if you want the credit for the labs just go do the labs he basically does it with the class.
4.0 : Tung is a great professor. He doesn't grade as hard and this course is really easy anyways.  There is a lot of in class assignments so it is important to come to class. Awesome teacher, loves his students!
5.0 : Neil is a great teacher. The assignments are very clear you just perform the tasks it tells you too. He is very helpful and wants his students to succeed. He is a very interesting person.
5.0 : Basically you show up in class and pay attention you will pass. I got 100% for my every test. His a easy grader. We do lab in class with him which is super easy.
2.0 : Very easy class as long as you just do the assignments. He doesn't know how to do them most of the time so that is not very helpful, but the assignments aren't hard. Show up, finish your assignment on the computer, and then leave. A couple times I had questions on why I got the grade I did and then he just changed it to a better grade.
5.0 : One of the nicest men you'll ever meet, class is easy. It may be super easy, but you gain A LOT of knowledge. I personally loved the class!!
5.0 : Super fun and easy class! It's a great way to learn how to swim. He really helps you get the movements down and doesn't pressure you if you're not fully comfortable with swimming. He's really easy to get along with and the only assignments you have to worry about are the weekly journals and quizzes.
4.0 : This is a very easy Lab. You work with partners to do hands on activities that you see in the lecture. I really enjoined this class. He's a younger and funny teacher.
4.5 : I took Regalo's MEAG 50 welding class. I was really tough but he was there to help you every step of the way. His lectures are long but they are necessary to know what to do in the lab. You must come to class in order to complete the assignments for the whole semester in time. He is very passionate and I learned a lot!!!
4.5 : I took Tweedy's floral class and it was really enjoyable. I learned so much about floral design as well as the floral industry. The class is super easy with only 3 exams and a term portfolio. We make a floral arrangement every week. The class doesn't go until 9:50 so don't worry. It gets out after an hour or two.
5.0 : Young teacher, really understands how it is to be a student.  He is really easy to talk to and will help with anything.  I have taken 3 classes with him and would like to take more.  His classes are not difficult but you have to keep up with your work. nothing to be afraid of, everything is more than fair
5.0 : All I can say is that Nick is awesome! He's an Industrial Technology alumni as well so he understands the struggles of a student. I had him for both 115 and 104 and he is very helpful. Work isn't that much and he is always willing to help. Whenever he teaches, take him! You won't regret. Just make sure to do the work and you will surely pass.
5.0 : If I had the option to take him again for another class, I definitely would! He's a fun professor. You don't have many tests and quizzes, and when you do, they're easy to pass. I learned a lot from his class too. You have about 2 huge projects and a few debate speeches. I would definitely recommend taking this class.
4.0 : Fletcher was cool. Comm 7 involved a ton of group activities and presentations. He is smart and knows what he is talking about. There were times when I thought he was a little too passive towards me in particular and I don't know why, so there's that. But whatever I aced the class by giving about 75% of my effort.
4.0 : Great teacher!!! Enjoyed debating and really learned about how to truly debate. Yet he promised that if I Aced final I would get an A in the class and was false. other than that he's cool.
4.0 : Best Class!
4.0 : Eric Fletcher is the most AWSOME hilarious professor ever! I will definitely recommend to take his classes he is the best! Very easy class, Easy A+ Gives study guides that are pretty much the test.  You will need the book to look up the definitions to prepare for tests. 4 test overall drops the lowest one.
1.0 : The class is an easy A, but he doesn't teach anything! He cancels class most of the time, his study guides are basically the exams, and he hardly ever gives lectures. I wouldn't recommend him if you're actually trying to learn the material.
4.0 : If you want an easy communications class I would choose this one for sure. The teacher is super laid back and doesn't really care if you show up to class. The biggest part of your grade are the debates and the volunteering points. It was a fun class, I highly recommend.
4.0 : Prof. Fletcher is a fun teaching. He doesn't assign much homework and is very laid back. You will do some debates, which he really enjoys, and you'll do 8 hours of volunteering. Fun class.
4.5 : He is VERY funny and assigns pretty easy things. Gives study guides which are practically the quizzes so its very convenient. You really learn from him and he makes it interesting, he is pretty interesting himself. Easy A  if you do your work hes nice and grades very lenient just turn something in and you will pass. Would definitly retake his class
4.0 : Need the textbook to read for exams but reading key terms should get you a good grade on them
4.0 : Loved taking comm 5 with him. He was very funny and made it actually enjoyable to go to class. Fun stories, fun debates, and no homework. If you take this class and fail, then you must of tried to fail. 8 easy hours of community service at the end of the semester.
4.0 : Fletcher is super laid back &amp;funny. His study guides are exactly whats on the test but i would recommend reading because it is straight from the book. You will do a group and individual participation (but no one shows up to class on those days so dont be nervous). Attendence isnt mandatory but make sure you are there for tests and turn in all work
4.0 : Not a very serious person he makes a lot of jokes and is very honest. His doesnt grade too harsh just do the work and take notes hell let us know when the notes are important
5.0 : Fletcher was great! The class was very easy to pass, and he was very funny as well. His lectures were far from boring, and I would highly recommend him if you have the chance!!!
4.5 : He was probably the best teacher I've had my first semester as a freshman. Fletcher is hilarious, he connects with students and he always gives the best impression every single lecture. Tons of group projects, speeches are easy, gives study guides before exams. I highly recommend to take his class if you want an fun, easy A.
5.0 : Solid prof, pretty easy B if you do most of the work
4.0 : Eric Fletcher is a great teacher to take. He is very knowledgeable about the material and course content. Well respected by students and not too hard of a class.
4.0 : Professor Fletcher is a well educated professor who will help you learn his material if you listen and pay attention. Do those and this class should be almost an easy A. We almost never really had work and he cancelled class many times which was great. Only like two big projects towards the end but were really easy. This class teaches you debating.
5.0 : She is awesome, easy, helpful, and very smart. Makes everything so clear an elementary kid will understand and probably pass her class as well. Highly recommend...
5.0 : Best teacher by far to teach poetry! She made it simple and easy. There is always a poem to write, critiques to write, and workshops. Everything is easy and do not take much time out of your day. Go to class. Not because you'll miss out on information but she grades on attendance also. No tests and you do not need a book.
4.0 : Beginners poetry, only took for my GE but it was an amazing class. The only homework you really have is your poems, reviews of other's poems, and final project. She is young and extremely cool, she can sometimes cancel class often but will have a serious excuse for canceling.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have had in my college career. He is extremely helpful not just in his own class but he is enthusiastic to help you with other classes you may have. Attendance isn't mandatory but there are quizzes so it would be in your best interest to go. A lot of work but not impossibly hard. Can't say enough how great his class is.
5.0 : Best professor I have had at Fresno State, can't say enough good things about him! He will go above and beyond to help you even in other classes. Just show up to every class and take notes, the study guides are exactly like the exams. Make sure to read the chapter before coming to class because there are pop quizzes.
5.0 : BEST Professor I've had at Fresno State. Very kind and willing to help, not just for this class but for any other classes. Group project! Gives study guides, helpful for tests. Quizzes beginning of class. If Fresno State doesn't consider keeping Professor Albert, they are making a BIG mistake!!!
4.5 : One of my favorite professors EVER in my college career. Great guy, great professor! Phenomenal human being! Fresno State you are making a big mistake letting this professor go. Ive learned more from him than I have in 10 professors combined.
5.0 : Greatest professor I've had so far!! Very passionate, helpful, inspirational, and you learn a lot! Professor Albert makes learning fun and is helpful in any way you can possibly imagine, anything from mktg100s work, to other classes but even with job search or grad school. Huge mistake to ever let this professor leave Fresno State!! Take him!!
5.0 : I loved Dr. Behen!! He's so knowledgeable, hilarious,  and his lectures were so interesting. There were 2 tests, 2 essays, a couple of discussion labs in class, and some discussion board assignments. He's an easy grader. The tests come straight from the powerpoints and board-written stuff. He lets u know what to expect on tests. Take him!!
5.0 : Kyle is Awesome! I would totally take this class again. Learned a lot. Loved the lectures.
4.0 : He really has a passion for his study, you can tell he enjoys teaching about Ancient Rome times. A textbook isn't required and neither is attendance. Lectures  consist of PowerPoints and may seem long at times.  5 online discussion boards are required, 2 quizzes, 2 exams, one 3 page essay and a optional 3 page essay is given for extra credit.
4.5 : Kyle is awesome! Rather than quizzing us on the readings (PDFs he provides online), he lets us show how much we know in class discussions and in the forum on Blackboard. The essays, presentation, and poster that he assigns are the true test of knowledge. Most of all, he encourages creativity and critical thinking. And the class is interesting! 9/10
5.0 : Best prof ever!
5.0 : Took him last semester. Prof. Behen is a knowledgeable teacher. He's very passionate about the subject &amp; genuinely loves teaching. He lectures off his self-made PPs (posts online too), posts all reading materials (don't need to buy a book), and does a lot of group discussions. You have a few tests (he calls quizzes) and a few short essays.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers ever! He was very passionate about the subject and he actually managed to make me interested in humanities! Only two-three essays required (2-3 pages and 7 pages) and no essays!! We did Blackboard blog posts and said what things we wanted to learn, and he incorporated the things we mentioned into the lectures! Take him!
4.0 : Professor Kyle Behen is excellent! He is so passionate about humanities, and you will learn a lot in class. In terms of coursework, don't expect anything too difficult: some reading, 10 brief BlackBoard post, 2 term papers, and several in-class presentations. The best part? No tests! He encourages you to have fun with the material. It's an easy A!
5.0 : i took ece 72 with dr kinman , i never used mat-lab before. now after taking this class i can use mat-lab without any problem, 8 hw and 3 projects , after all you will get it figure out, he is there to help you ,even after hours via emails, DR Kinman will always be there for you. if you show up to his office for help you will appreciate him more
4.5 : Professor Kinman's lectures from PowerPoint, but they're very clear and he gives plenty of practice problems to make sure you get the material. He's really helpful during office hours, and even outside of his office hours if you come with a question and he's there he's happy to help you understand the material. Exams can be tough, so study.
5.0 : His voice is miserable
5.0 : Professor Leslie was a phenomenal choice for GE Communications. She is fully aware that public speaking is scary and will help you every step of the way! I would definitely recommend taking her for your COMM. She is very strict about attendance. The class has 3 speeches, 2 essays, and 2 exams.
4.5 : Leslie was fantastic! She's so funny, often talks about personal stories but relates it to the course. She wants you to do well and really understands the student life, since she's earning another degree right now. I would take her class 1000 times over again. But show up. It's an easy A if you attend, but class is always fun.
4.5 : I absolutely love Leslie! Her lectures aren't bad and she is very funny so class is never boring. Kind of tough on grading your speeches, but gives very good feedback. She is super helpful and always so nice!! She made the class feel super comfortable when giving speeches. Definitely would take again.
4.0 : Such a great teacher. She totally understands her students and she gives extra credit opportunities. She is really funny and tells great stories. You can pass with a good grade. Show up to class all the time because attendance is recorded and in the end will give you participation points. Stay within the speech time guidelines and be prepared.
5.0 : She is the best COMM 3 teacher, she actually cares about her students. Passed her Class with an A. It's basically do what she ask for and you will pass her class. Take her class!
5.0 : I took COMM3 with her and she was great ! We watched many TED Talks about different topics and it helped visualize good qualities in public speakers. There is a mandatory textbook that is actually quite entertaining. I wish I would have bought it instead of just rented it. Just pay attention and have fun and you'll get a good grade.
5.0 : In COMMeight you need to volunteer for fifteen hours and if all the members in your group do not show up then you do not get credit I found this tricky to work around my schedule Also she cancels the class spontaneously and one time she didnt show up for about two weeks
5.0 : The three tags I included are not enough to describe him. He is an amazing professor, one of the best I have ever had at Fresno State. He is hilarious and he is always willing to help and reach out to students. However, this does not mean he is lenient with slackers. He will call you out if you have your phone out. He is clear with his grading.
4.0 : This class was alot for just two units and Professor Dominguez knew that. This class covers a lot of content, there is alot of reading, terms, and what not. if you keep up with everything he asks then you'll do fine. You do need to put in the work to get the grade you want.
4.0 : He is a very funny and entertaining professor. Make sure you really study and do the study guide. The tests are a bit hard for me but the class is definitely passable. Make sure to go to class to get the iClicker points because those always help.
5.0 : Great professor really cared for his students and is always open to any questions you may have great guy.
4.5 : Pretty cool guy, refers to computer components as "little guys". Really likes to talk about crepes. Overall easy peazy lemon squeezy
5.0 : Exams are not hard. He gives study guides. Study the quizzes they will show up on the exam. A few projects done as a group. Over all, Great professor! Highly recommend.
4.0 : Carlos Martinez Dominguez teaches a fairly straight forward class. Just look at the slides and use quegrande to study for the exams and to do the online quizzes. He has a somewhat annoying accent and goes off on tangents occasionally but he is funny and informative when he needs to be. He is a solid choice for the IS lecture.
5.0 : Don't need a textbook, just study off of power points and he has a study guide. The projects can be difficult if you aren't good at excel. Projects can also be time consuming and tedious. He drops your lowest exam (2 Exams) but grades the final. Online quizzes but they are very simple .Attendance is mandatory, you can lose a lot of points if absent
1.0 : Literally the worst professor I have ever had. Has no idea what he's taking about. The students correct him throughout every lecture.
5.0 : Great funny professor. By far my fav teacher. Lecture and PP based class but interesting. There are 2 group proj that are time consuming. Drops 2 lowest scores(1 quiz, 1 test). online quizzes are easy and attendance is mandatory. Test include random things he says in class too like how to make his burrito.
5.0 : great professor! Makes the material easy to understand, definitely makes stats pretty easy. There are almost daily exercises, some online homeworks,a few quizes, and about 2 or 3 exams. Quizes are fairly easy as it is almost the same thing that is on the homeworks and for exams she tells you what you should study.
5.0 : Great teacher. Informative and understanding. She curves grades and is very approachable.
5.0 : Great Professor. I Loved Her. She teaches well. She is helpful and clear when it comes to her class. Willing to help students and has a great attitude. I loved her. There is no bad rating on her. For it being a stats class I understood the topic very well because of her. Take this teacher you will not regret it. A++++++ Great Great Great! )
5.0 : Took the 6:00 P.M class and it was very easy. She likes to do group activities to help us better understand the lectures (which really helps). Also, she is very clear on her expectations, (4 )1-page long book response, (2) tests, (1) 1,000-word research paper. Had a lot of fun in the class, her lectures were very interesting. Highly recommend!
5.0 : She is great. Easy to follow lectures. Very helpful if you need it. The book is needed.
5.0 : Great Professor! Lots of quizzes and tests, but you will be well prepared for them all. She gives some extra credit and she explains everything so it is all clear. Makes her class fun and entertaining! Go to class and expect to receive a decent grade.
5.0 : Absolutely amazing teacher. She is energetic and into it. She really knows how to get you excited for such a dull subject. Has a clear curriculum. And if you don't understand it she'll put it in terms easiest for you. An amazing teacher. Hope to have her again some day. And she's a chili pepper.
5.0 : Really interesting class! Easiest math class I have taken in my life! The instructor is willing to go the extra mile to help you pass the class.
5.0 : Listen!! SHE IS LIKE THE ONLY CRIM PROFESSOR WITH A 5.0 SCORE. SO THAT SAYS A LOT. I AM TYPING BECAUSE IT IS THIS IMPORTANT FOR YOU GUYS READING THIS FOR ANY CLASS SHE IS TEACHING TAKE IT!! RATHER THAN ANY OTHER PROFESSOR. TRUST ME SHE IS AMAZING, CARING, HELPFUL. AND EXTREMELY INTELLIGENT. BY FAR THE CHILLEST AND BEST PROF!
5.0 : THE BEST Stats professor at Fresno State! She makes you understand the subject and she is very clear! She has a lot of quizzes but they're easy and you'll be well prepared for all her tests! I absolutely loved her teaching style! PLEASE PLEASE take it with her you won't regret it
4.5 : As a person who is is horrible at math and has failed this course before and is now currently passing with an A, she is a GREAT professor. I've never had a professor teach me one on one because the material is confusing to me like she has. Should've took her class the first time!
5.0 : For anyone about to take this class with her, take it! She is by far one of the best teacher I've had throughout college. She is straight-forward with one you need in order to get a good great.
4.5 : Nicole was such a great professor, probably one of the best I've had so far in college. She's super laid back, easy to talk to/reach out to. I am not a great public speaker, so this class helped me with my public speaking skills. Overall fun class :) Take her!
5.0 : Saw that she didn't have any reviews and wanted to say for anyone about to take her for a communication class, she is a really nice teacher, lectures are really easy to understand. Great teacher, you'll have a fine semester.
4.0 : Great professor. Lecture are simple. Test and final are extremely difficult compare to lectures. Group project is also difficult. Doing community service makes this class horrible. She's there for you in her office hours
5.0 : Nicole was a great teacher to have because she made the class comfortable which really helps for the speeches. She jokes a lot and her personality is just humorous overall. You will need the textbook for your exams, which are online. Expect a few speeches that you will present. She is reasonable so you get the grade you deserve. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Pendergrass is a great choice for BA-18. He is a great lecturer and grades fairly. The tests are insanely difficult, but if you participate and do well on the group projects you will do fine. He grades fairly and cares about the students. You'll have to work for your grade, but he makes the class enjoyable and informative.
5.0 : Professor Pendergrass is great! BA 18 in general is a hard class because of the overbearing information, but he does a really good job to make it fun. He definitely will call you out in class so do pay attention. 4 test, all which are curved, and a final which can be taken as a group. He drops your lowest test grade as well!
5.0 : Great professor! He makes the lectures interesting and tries to help his students as much as he can. The test are difficult but as long as you do good on the group projects you can get a good grade. I fail them all but still manage to get a B.  Attendance is mandatory because we always had a group assignment due at the end of the class.
5.0 : Great instructor! Took the course as a night class once a week and enjoyed it. A lot of material to cover but he keeps the class entertaining and fun. Exams are not difficult, pay attention during lecture and read the book. Our class was able to convince him to make our last two exams take home online exams.
4.0 : He's a great teacher. His 4 hour night class was tough, but he has such a great personality he makes the class enjoyable. The tests are insane and most people don't pass. He always curves the tests which are like a low 80%. I recommend.
5.0 : Take Robert if you want to pass!! He is the best teacher! He curves every test including the final and curves the overall class grades at the end of the semester. He is willing to work with you and knows so much about business law! Great teacher!!
5.0 : AMAZING.  That's all I can say.
3.0 : Pretty good teacher. Isn't to clear on assignments at first. Must go to class for some assignments. Very fun!
3.0 : He is a good professor. But doesn't help until asked . Homework will be pretty long and time consuming. But at the end its worth studying.
1.0 : Hands down the worst teacher I have ever had in any subject ever.  He lectures from a power point that the textbook company gave him and many times is not sure what he is teaching. He does not understand why most if not all of the class gets lost  while he's talking. I learned every section of this class on YouTube.
5.0 : If you attend his class and do the home works yourself, you can get a good grade. The subjects he teaches are really useful for the field. But get ready to do some reading on your own.
5.0 : The subjects he teaches are very interesting and useful. By putting in efforts for completing home works and being attentive in class, one can get a good grade.  You will get a chance to work on projects which will help in developing presentation skills, team work and a chance to learn how to write an article on a webpage.
4.0 : attend his class and do all the home works yourself, you can get a good grade. The subjects he teaches are really useful for the field. You will even learn how to make presentations and even a Web page . But get ready to do some reading on your own and he gives you research opportunities if you are interested.
5.0 : The subject interesting and useful. Attending lectures carefully and working on home works will definitely get you a good grade. He is very helpful and understanding.
4.0 : He lectures off PP slides which are confusing and pointless. A solid study group and YouTube are your  best friends if you want a good grade. Very often he has trouble explaining simple concepts . Tests are easier than hw and have bonus points. He is a new prof and will get better but like converting AC to DC, it takes time and effort!
5.0 : This class is not an easy class. plenty of work and plenty of homework have to be done in order to perfect this subject. you must be prepared to participate in class asking questions. notes are life savers when it comes to tests "tricks" are often pointed out that really help with tests. overall, a good professor but a tough class.
5.0 : His class is really good,you can learn different mathematics algorithm in this course. His homework is suitable for this graduated class level. His grading criteria is fair which will dynamic change regarding different homework. You will enjoy learning in his class.
4.0 : He is very good at teaching but gives a lot of homework which makes a student really to work hard. It would be much better if he use curving for the grading criteria.
3.0 : The material is difficult to understand but professor Kulhandjian  prepares detailed lectures that clearly cover the course concepts. Pop quizzes can be expected which forces students to review previous lectures before coming to class. Overall professor Kulhandjian wants his students to succeed but you must be willing to put in the work!
4.0 : The material is a little difficult to understand at first, you definitely have to put a lot of time in outside of class in order to really understand the material. The quizzes in class are great because they teach you what to study for on the exam, so be prepared for at least one a week. Stay on top of the homework assignments and you will be good!
4.0 : The material is difficult to understand if you don't start studying right away. He sometimes does not understand students' questions, but he will do his best to help students understand the material! Always keep up with the reading because there will be pop quizzes, especially if and when people stop coming to lecture.
4.0 : Stacia was my favorite professor of the semester! She's really helpful and made the content fun to learn. She cancelled class quite often, but she's great at keeping students in the loop!
5.0 : Dr. L is amazing! This is one class I truly actually enjoyed showing up too. You will need to attend class to pass, and there are group discussions. However, you will become accustomed to reading the weekly articles assigned (he does not use text books) and will discuss them in a group (in class). He is easy, awesome, and funny. Take him!
5.0 : New teacher! Would definitely recommend taking his women's studies class! I rated his class a five on easiness not because you can just sit there and do nothing and pass, but because if you go to class and do the reading and get your participation points, you will do well in the class. He's really nice and funny! Very good material
5.0 : I can honestly say that Greg is the best professor I have ever had. I learned so much from him than I did from any professor before. He is very intelligent, sincere and charming. He is truly passionate about what he teaches and I would take his class repeatedly if I could. It was a life changing experience. No tests, just work and 2 projects.
5.0 : Passionate about his subject matter and his students. There is a lot of reading and a high demanded of your critical thinking skills in class discussions, but it's never boring and always worth it. An empathetic man and a serious thinker who is looking for those qualities to grow in his students. I'm a better person and feminist now. Thank you.
5.0 : He makes the class fun and interesting. The lectures possess alot of information but he teaches it so it's easy to remember through activities that you do as a class or in groups. Read at least the overview of the chapter for the quiz he gives once a week. If you complete and go over the study guides, the 4 exams and final are a breeze.
5.0 : He is a great professor! highly recommend him. His lectures are very interesting. He gives out pop quizzes unannounced. Attendance is very important. His mid-term and final were a bit difficult, but if you pay attention in class and do the reading you should be fine.
5.0 : Professor Brigham makes class very interesting and easy. The quizzes are based on the power point presentations, and the test are based on the same as well. Easy class if you turn in the work and study the power points.
4.0 : This class was fun and he was really helpful in making sure you had proper form and did the workouts right. He explained exactly what he wanted and he was also there for me when things came up. He cares for his students and encourages you to do well. Easy class, too.
5.0 : Easy A
4.0 : Easy class. There is one group presentation, 3 tests, and some quick writes (around 200 words). You still have to study, but it is not too bad. This professor is willing to help you,  he is a pretty easy grader and very pro ag. Be prepared to hear him talk a lot about the judging team. No textbook required.
4.0 : I learned a lot in this class and he's such a cool guy!
3.0 : Gave extra credit if you help in the animal events and he makes you do community service. He is an easy teacher but he is REALLY pro AG so doesn't talk to well about those who fight for animal rights ,easy Pass but you really don't learn much, you just hear his opinion on Agriculture. He's like 23 so he understands us and isn't too strict.
5.0 : Mendes is very knowledgeable, you will leave his class with important and useful information. His exams are really easy, and he's a fair grader. Attend class, and study and you'll be fine. Overall, it's an easy class, and he's a great instructor.
4.5 : I honestly enrolled in this class as a last minute choice, I am glad I did. Professor Mendes actually got me interested in a subject I never really cared for. He's the learn through experience type Professor so plan for field trips to the AG units. All in all he's pretty fair at grading as long as you put in the effort and participate. No book.
5.0 : Great teacher, very pro ag. Loves working with students and making sure that you understand the content.
5.0 : Took his class my first semester at Fresno State, absolutely loved him. He's a really cool guy and an even better professor, really understanding. You'll learn all you need to know for a basic animal science class. Highly recommend! Take notes, go to class and you'll be fine. No homework.
4.5 : Awesome Professor! I would take this class again, crystal clear on what you should expect on the test. If you put your effort you will pass the class with an A. I highly recommend you to take him, you will not regret it.
5.0 : Take him! Best professor ever. He is ProAG but always tries to consider the opposition view. Funny and very educated.
3.0 : Mr. Mendes was a great professor! 2 tests, no final and small quick write assignments each week. Keep in mind he is PRO AG and he isn't afraid to show it! Which I didn't mind, but if you are easily offended, I wouldn't take the course. Class is an easy A as long as you do assignments and study for tests. For assignment you will have to print out
5.0 : Great professor! Lectures are a bit long, lots of notes! Be ready to write a lot, show up to class because if you miss one day, you missed a lot of notes, class wasn't hard just study and pay attention. You only take 2 exams out of the whole semester and final exam is those 2 exams put together. Totally recommend his class.
5.0 : Lectures are kind of long but be ready to write a lot of notes. Easy material. Dont miss class because youll get behind on a good amount of notes. Only 2 exams and the final is just questions from those two exams. Really easy class just be willing to put in some effort. He is really funny and will also make jokes during lecture
4.0 : Brad is a great teacher and his class is very easy. Make sure not to disrespect him he will call you out in front of the entire class. He's also not bad to look at. ;)
5.0 : Very rarely have I ever had a professor that cared so much about weather or not her class understood the material.  This was a very hard class, but was essential for moving forward in the field of Dietetics.  Dr. Lang did everything possible, and made herself available to help us understand.  She is the best professor I have ever had.
3.5 : Dr Lang was great. Though the delivery of lectures need improvement. Her willingness to help her students succeed and understand the materials was very much so appreciated. Advanced Nutrition is not an easy subject to teach or learn, but if your willing to study and willing to put the effort towards a good grade. You will be fine. Expect to study
4.5 : Best TA for BIOL 10.
4.0 : Would definately take her again if I could
5.0 : She is a great lecturer, gives clear instructions and super helpful. Ask her if you have any doubts!! A LOT of homeworks are given tho, work for your A!!
5.0 : She is very clear and helpful.
5.0 : Elise is a really awesome professor. She's like 25 and SUPER hot but also really smart and motivating. She's always smiling and shes so kind. I had her for Comm 3 and failed which was my own fault, and took her again for Comm 8 and she seems so excited to see me again even though i did bad the first time. Take her classes, she's my favorite. :)
4.0 : have to read. She just won't even teach if the class hasn't read the book.
5.0 : She is a very enthusiastic professor that has incredible speaking skills. Loved her class highly recommend for COMM 3.
5.0 : Ms. Barba is AMAZING. Her lectures are so entertaining and engaging. Homework + Projects  Piece of cake! Study guide for midterm and final. Great class, Great professor. Got A's on everything, except for the very first paper which is the only reason for my B. Ask for help during the essay's.
5.0 : Ms. Barba is so cute! She has a ton of energy and doesn't rule class like a dictator. She made me want to minor in communications and now I kind of wanna major, but she only teachers Comm 3 haha. Take her class as a freshmen cuz its a good segway from hs to college.
5.0 : She is honestly one of the best teachers I have taken a class with. When she is giving lectures she gives so many stories and jokes that make is fun and easier to remember. She is also super chill and gives extra credit for each test. I very highly recommend her!
5.0 : Easy class. It is group comm so keep in mind you will be having to work with other students and trying to find time among all your schedules. If you extremely busy out of school comm 8 might not be  your best option.  She does want to see you succeed in her class and if very willing to help you. I would definitely suggest her.
5.0 : She is a professor that will get you to succeed. She really cares about her students and will work with you if you need help. There will be community help stuff that you will be doing with your group. Also, there will be multiple presentations about how it betters the nation and community with the organization you will be with the entire semester.
4.0 : Fun class, she is hot so it is hard to pay attention. She makes class fun and interesting. I didn't want to take a public speaking class but it is a requirement. I am glad I got her as my teacher. Did I mention she is hot.
5.0 : Favorite class. She's really laid back in class and helps you a LOT if you ask or go to her office hours. She grades harder as the semester goes and is actually pretty strict with deadlines, doesn't care if you're sick and miss turning in a paper or doing a speech, you're gonna get a zero unless you have a school or doctor excuse.
5.0 : Elise is one of my fav professors! she made class fun and worth going to. Made lectures fun and usually ended with a class/group activity. Must buy the book! the tests were hard, the study guide isn't helpful at all! they were the complete opposite.  Make sure to plan ahead with your group for service learning project!
4.5 : An amazing teacher overall! He cancels a lot of class but still come to his lectures because he will make it clear if you do not understand a chapter. His class is very interesting he makes fun to understand and also makes you think about how everything connects. He does give out extra credit so do it! His essay are very easy 200-400 words
5.0 : I really enjoyed taking Eric's class! His learning &amp; teaching style is pretty straightforward - likes to intertwine real world situations w/ economics &amp; applies it to how we perceive things in the economy today &amp; vice versa. The only homework is the writing assignments &amp; he clarifies what will be on the tests very well. I'd highly recommend!
5.0 : He is a great teacher. He said it's his first year teaching and if he teaches any more of the classes I need , I will take him again!
4.5 : Mr. Hadden is an excellent teacher! I respect him so much for being under the age of 30 and is teaching at the university level. He's a working professional so there are and will be times where he will cancel class a lot but he makes sure to post the lectures on blackboard for students to go over and review. Go to tutoring if you have a hard time!
5.0 : He's great in explaining everything.. really gets down to the basics. .. and he recommends a lot of Niacin (google why to get bonuses) !
5.0 : Made PH 92 one of the easiest classes I've taken.
3.0 : Professor Khang is a great instructor. He tells you exactly how the class is structured &amp;lets you know how it's hard for you to fail his class. The first exam is really easy, do well on it &amp;you'll be good to go. Still managed to earn a B with doing OK on the last 3 exams. (4 exams in total) There is 10 hw assignments and 1 group project. TAKE HIM!
5.0 : He's amazing. Do all the homework and you should get a good grade. Always willing to help. Attend class because the material gets harder as the class progresses. He goes pretty fast in lecture so be attentive and be quick with notes or else you will miss something crucial.  Overall, he's the best.
4.0 : he is easy and straight forward on what is on the exams.. lecture may be a bit boring , but he is very helpful  and friendly. He wants us to learned by doing an individual presentation on a topic related to the course, his grading his easy as long as you follow the criteria and do your work... you will pass.... would recommend
4.5 : Lectures are pretty interesting on certain days, but overall easy class. The study guide is basically the exam, so if you know everything on the study guide then you will most likely get an A on exam. Very friendly and fits in well with young students. 4 exams, 1 paper, 1 presentation. Study guides are basically exams. Chill instructor
5.0 : 3 short homeworks, 3 exams, one 5 page paper, 1 presentation. Loved his teaching style and engagement in the class. Very approachable and let him know if you need help with anything. The study guides help a lot so just focus on that since it is basically what will truly be on the exams. His study guides were always accurate and coincided with exam
2.0 : Lectures are long and boring. He rushes through them.  The class is five quizzes and 1 final project.  The first two quizzes are easy but the last three you really need to study.  You have to teach yourself much of the material outside of class in order to get a good grade on the test!
5.0 : Loved his class! One of those classes that you always look forward to and always eager to learn. One of my favorite professors at State overall just by the way he lectures and is inspirational. Always tries to make sure we fully understand the material and has a great sense of humor. Would take again
4.0 : Lectures are straight off powerpoints, so really there's no need to attend class besides going for participation points. Study guides are given about a week before exam dates, and answers are straight off ppts. Lectures can be boring, depending on how interested you're into the subject. One disease presentation project for a minimum of 5 minutes.
5.0 : Best instructor ever! Dr. Khang is really clear and easy to understand. He is also very helpful. He really made this class easy and entertaining at the same time. I would definitely take this class with him all over again if i could. Coolest professor at State hands down! If you're hesitant about taking a class with Dr. Khang, well... JUST DO IT!!
4.0 : He takes the time to make sure everyone understands the material and encourages you to ask questions. Tests are fairly easy and he allows a sheet of notes to be used. Definitely recommend going to class because most of the in-class examples show you what to expect on tests. This was overall a good class, didn't stress much over it.
5.0 : Dr. Khang is a very caring teacher. If you ever need help, he's always willing to help. Make sure you attend class, because he does do examples that does not show work on the Powerpoints. Honestly, his class wasn't as hard as it seemed. It's all about the effort you put into the class. He does offer extra credit as well so that's a plus!
3.0 : He is very kind. Following his lecture in class can be difficult. At times he does rush. I did end up teaching myself most of the material and I only ever missed one lecture. However, if you need him go to his office hours, he's nice and wants to help. He offers EC and thats what saved me. There is a group project but it's super easy.
5.0 : He's the best public health professor ever! He really cares about his students, his teaching is kinda confusing but if you attend class everyday and just ask questions about what you don't understand he will go over it with you until you get it. 3 exams 1 paper 1 PowerPoint and some homework but it is easy and if you do the homework you'll pass!
5.0 : One of the most caring professors, I took my first year of college. He cares about his students and offers lots of help including office hours. If you miss class you will be completely lost. Tests are tough, but if you do every homework assignment and understand the material, you will pass. Group project for final, PREPARE do not wait.
5.0 : Laid back. Knows epidemiology really well. Allowed a full page front &amp; back cheat sheet for exams. Approachable. No papers. Just one group presentation. 7 home works but doable. 3 exams incl final. Study guide given for exams.
5.0 : Class was doable. Math is involved so get ready to crunch numbers. Definitely have to study for exams, but he's amazing. Lectures can be dry, but try and pay attention because he covers what will be on the exam. 7 hmwk assignments, and one group project, 3 exams. Good class.
5.0 : Dr. Khang is very clear and is always willing to help! His syllabus and curriculum are straight forward and there are no surprises. He teaches PH 92 clearly and can't make it any easier. Very good teacher.
5.0 : Uploaded power points, go to lecture to get the added notes for the tests (he does this to ensure those who attend do better than those who skip/don't read the book).  Overall was a really great teacher, class was pretty easy with simple homework and a clearly outlined presentation.   Really laid back guy, worked with the class. Took tests online
5.0 : Such an amazing teacher!! actually cares about his students. He'll answer your questions and assist in any way to help you succeed. You have to take him! I took him for two different classes.
5.0 : DR. KHANG IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE PROFESSORS. HE CARES ABOUT HIS STUDENTS. HIS GRADING IS CLEAR. SHOW UP TO CLASS HE PUTS EXTRA INFO ON PP SLIDES . WE ONLY HAD TO DO A PRESENTATION AND NO PAPER. ALL EXAMS WERE ON BB . SOMETIMES HE PASSES OUT SIGN IN SHEET FOR CLASS PARTICIPATION. GREAT PROFESSOR !!
3.5 : Mr. Worman is a great teacher. He gets into the the lectures and keeps you interested. I only wish he would have provided a better study guide for the midterm and final. However he is funny and very understanding when it comes to questions. I would suggest him to anyone.
4.5 : Worman gives great lectures! Really engaging. Although he is a really tough grader when it comes to writing papers -_- Feels like an English class. Also, I dreaded doing reaserch for speeches because everything had to be from the FS databases. Other than that, cool class. He makes you feel comfortable when giving speeches.
5.0 : Braedon's lectures may get boring but he is an awesome professor! He gives great feedback on your speeches and is very understanding.
5.0 : Professor Worman is a real good and funny professor! Don't miss class and take notes in class and the midterm and final should be real easy. He is there to always help his students when they have questions. As for the speeches, he makes his class environment friendly, so it's not too bad. Just follow the criteria and you should be fine.
4.0 : Mr. Worman is a fun teacher, but he grades your papers tough. Make sure you know what you're saying and that your grammar is good. Lectures are long, but he uses a lot of videos and jokes.
5.0 : Mr. Worman makes this class fun! He includes funny pictures and videos. He also makes you feel more comfortable about public speaking by doing roll questions. He does grade papers tough though.
3.5 : Worman makes his lectures interesting by showing videos or using something we can relate to. He is not a tough grader when it comes to the speeches. It's not too difficult to get an A you just have to put some effort.
5.0 : EASY A! He's just strict on writings but lenient and easy on presentation. Wrote my first essay, Audience Evaluation, and failed it (only thing I failed). I still have an A and notes are easy.
4.0 : Worman is one of the easiest professor's I had. Class only had 2 papers, 3 speeches and 2 exams. Easy to talk too if you need help. When you do ask for helping he is very understanding and isn't like some teachers where the look down on you. Highly recommend.
5.0 : As an introvert who doesn't necessarily like public speaking, I was a little wary of this class going in. However, Professor Worman is a great teacher and makes this class a really safe and fun environment. There are 3 main speeches you have to give, he gives good feedback on them, and grades them fairly. Highly recommend!
4.5 : Worman is an amazing teacher, kind of funny. He is really laid back. He asks questions for roll to get the students comfortable with each other and to get use to speaking out loud. Easy grading, just follow the guidelines and you will get a good grade. Easy grade, I recommend his class.
4.0 : He's a great professor. Real cool guy and is easy to talk to. Gives lots of easy assignment's to help boost your grade. No textbook, all answers for exams are provided through his powerpoints. Lectures were fun and interesting. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Mr. Roy is hands down one of the best professors I've ever taken. Clear grading criteria, gives great feedback on papers, gives opportunities for extra credit and his lectures make plant science so interesting. I've learned a lot in this class. Show up, pay attention, do your best, and you'll pass the class with an A. I would definitely take again!
4.0 : she is very sweet and always willing to help. lectures are long and boring. its a pretty easy class, just do the work.
5.0 : Took her for Spanish 1A and it's easy to pass as long as you study and participate. She will help with anything if you just ask her questions. Gives plenty of extra credit.
5.0 : Best Spanish Professor that I met. If you go to class, take good notes and pay attention, you'll do well. She's very funny and class time goes fast.
5.0 : Really nice, Knows what she's talking about, makes it interesting, very helpful.
1.5 : The on-line homework had options for accented vowels that she knew nothing about so much of my homework I didn't bother to do. We had to write essays and instead of helping like she said she would, she sat at her desk and had students help each other. You can get a good grade but you won't learn anything.
5.0 : Fun Spanish professor. Lectures seem to go by fast. She's very helpful and considerate.  Very hard to not pass her class.
5.0 : She's a great teacher and helpful. She explains everything very clearly. She gives study guides before exams, and tells you what to expect on quizzes. It seems impossible to get a bad grade in her course if you just do the course work. Attendance is a must!!
5.0 : Mrs. Cisneros is definitely one of my favorite professors. In high school I always hated Spanish. This spring semester I had Mrs. Cisneros and she helped me a lot. Spanish is not a burden to learn and I did not mind going to her class at 8 am. She is funny and helpful. Take her.
3.5 : Super sweet and very helpful. Genuinely cares whether or not her students pass or fail.
4.5 : Loved this class! I will highly recommend Dr. Van Laar.  If you are really interested in medical microbiology, you will enjoying taking this class. It's not easy A. She wants you to think!
3.5 : She's very well informed with the field. Love the fact that she's not always so serious. There's online homework before each lecture, so pay attention to it. Doesn't take too much effort to pass  with a C.
5.0 : This is a HARD CLASS! Get ready to memorize. The first exam is all review and then it gets hard. Don't think you'll have it easy just cause you've taken microbiology before. She does her best to make it interesting and fun.  She is generous with points on her tests. Don't expect a curve. Be able to answer case study questions.
2.0 : Cell Bio was not that hard. For lectures she just reads slides so even if you miss the class, you can go back and look at the slides that she posts. Her exams are straight from her slides but not that easy. Book is just a waste of money. Very strict with grading. Won't give you an A even if you have 89 since A is 90. Overall , she's not so great.
4.0 : TOUGH CLASS, Really funny, super nice and loves micro/super approachable! Attendance isn't mandatory but if you want an A go to class and  she'll tell you what need not be studied. Offers 10 extra points in lab and 4 extra points on each exam. There is no curve but curves class at 89 for an A. STUDY the 8 hours a week and go to SI you'll get an A.
5.0 : Dr. Van Larr is a great professor. She doesn't make you memorize referential knowledge for tests. She tells you want to ignore and what to focus on in the lectures. Tests: MC, Fill in, Short A, Matching. Research with the US Army. Funny, Approachable, Cool. Not one of those teachers that is only there for research.
5.0 : Van Laar is a good prof. She is very knowledgeable about microbiology and has a passion for the subject. Downside: micro exams every week keeps you cramming all the time if youre taking more than 14 units and cell bio with Dr. Bush also has weekly micro exams.
5.0 : Highly recommend taking this course with Dr. Van Laar. There are weekly tests (every Monday), but on the bright side they aren't cumulative -- except for the final -- so you only need to study 1-2 chapters per week. There are also weekly pop quizzes taken through Kahoot! Overall, great class and even better professor.
5.0 : Dr. Van Laar is a great professor. She expects you to perform at a high level, she's interested in your ability to "critically think." At the same time she's completely fair. Don't expect to "just attend class," you as a student have the responsibility to become proactive and involved. I earned an A in her class due to dedication and hard work.
3.5 : It was Dr. Donelly's first semester teaching so I don't blame the guy for always being nervous. He was always offering help. His class was okay. He gives powerpoint lectures and an ICLICKER IS MANDATORY for participation. Tests were okay, STUDY in order to pass. He is Irish, so he does have an accent so I suggest sitting in front of the class.
4.0 : Dr. Donnelly is a great professor. 3 midterms and a final. He would modify the tests to accommodate student complaints. I went to his office hours after every exam and he went over the questions I missed. He is incredibly helpful and encourages you to ask for help. Sometimes he is a little hard to understand and can come off as jumbled.
3.0 : Donnelly is a great teacher and makes his lectures extremely interesting. He gets his students involved with a lot of hands on learning. However, no matter how much you participates in class, take notes, and study, his tests are extremely hard and confusing.
3.5 : Mr. Donnelly is a great teacher and he makes sure the class understands the concepts. Easy A if you just pay attention in class and do the homework. I ould take a class with him again!
4.0 : I enjoyed Dermot Donnelly's class but his first two tests were incredibly difficult (even with open note &amp; book). He adjusted the tests later on so that was nice. He is very helpful, the class is not too difficult and the amount of homework is very reasonable. Overall, a good class.
4.5 : SUPER HELPFUL. ALWAYS OFFERING HELP TO ALL STUDENTS. JOKES AREN'T THAT FUNNY, BUT GREAT GUY! WOULD DEFINITELY TAKE AGAIN.
3.5 : His lectures were great and showed effort. Tests are cumulative but he allows notes on the exams bUT with a time limit. He likes to review material the class may have struggled to understand based on the exams. He wants people to email and go to his office hours for help. He's really nice and willing to help if you're proactive. He likes memes too
5.0 : Great professor! Very passionate and enthusiastic about this field. His teaching style was lecturing first then demonstrating. 3 exams &amp; 1 final (open book). They're not that hard. I recommend him! He's a fair grader. Didn't like how he did participation points by having to upload our notes after every class period. But overall, I loved this class!
5.0 : Dr. Donnelly is a great and caring professor. He always reminded the class about his office hours which showed that he wanted to help students. We were not required to purchase the textbook or Mastering Chemistry which saves money. He's great at explaining the concepts. Exams are cumulative but allows notes. Overall, I highly recommend him.
5.0 : Donnelly was a really great teacher! He's always open to help you if you need help. He offers 3% of extra credit so make sure to take advantage of that! Other than that, I think his class was fairly easy if you study and read the book. I didn't read half of the chapters and I still passed with an 88.24 % so as long as you study you'll be fine!
5.0 : Great prof for a usually difficult class. Always stayed after class to answer questions. Test multiple choice same questions on multiple tests. Tests are open book open note but timed. Not a hard class if you put in effort.
5.0 : Chem 3A is a fairly easy class, and Dr. Donnelly makes it even easier. It's not hard to receive a passing grade. Just go to class, take good notes and study. Take advantage of the extra credit because you never know if you might end up needing it. Three exams and a final, all multiple choice and true/false statements and they're cumulative.
5.0 : Took Donnelly over the summer, best choice I have ever made. It was a tough course being it was only 6 weeks long, but he  was there for you every step of the way. He really puts his time in to teach the students and if you need individual help, he will always be there for you. Emails back very quickly too!
4.0 : I took this class over the summer, so it was quite intense but Donnelly was really passionate about Chemistry. Although this class was hard, I went from hating to loving chemistry. He really wanted his students to appreciate chem and not just learn the concepts just because it was required. I do not regret taking this class in the summer!
5.0 : I took his discover E class, and it was great! The tablet just reinforced what we were learning in class by playing interactive games. Dr. Donnelly is a great guy. I would say the class is easy, and I would definitely take this professor again.
5.0 : I took his DiscoverE course. If you don't take chemistry with him then good luck cause its an easy A. He's always there for us and he's an approachable professor. I definitely recommend this class to everyone. And you won't have to buy Mastering Chemistry which will save you lots of $$$.
5.0 : Andy Clifton is hands down the best professor in the Computer Science department at Fresno State. He's helpful, has a great attitude, and is what this department needs more of. Andy does exactly what he says he's going to do and will go out of his way to help you solve a problem. Take this guy if you get a chance!
5.0 : Andy is an excellent teacher for a Master's Degree level. I would say he teaches better than some teachers that has doctorate degrees. He makes tough materials easy. He explains stuffs clearly too.
3.0 : He is definitely brilliant, and you can tell he knows his stuff no doubt. This is his first year of teaching, but his lectures are literally him facing the board and talking to himself. Also, there is no structure to what he puts on the board, it's all over the place and very fast paced which can be very confusing. Needs to work on his lecture
5.0 : Andy is a smart guy who knows everything there is to know about the subject that he teaches. He's very helpful and knows how to give a student's perspective on difficult topics. He grades stuff very fast (We got our fairly long midterm back within 1 week), accurately, and reasonably. I would highly recommend Andy to any student for any class.
2.5 : He's a good teacher, this is his specific field of study, and therefore he is fast paced and very detailed. The fast paced along with the scattered writing on the board and poor lecture plans makes this class very difficult to follow along with. He stands in front of the board and writes, making it impossible to see what he has written.
5.0 : Meany was probably my favorite teacher this semester, and has been one of my favorites in my college career. She is relaxed and funny, but also teaches and gets thing done. Lectures and speeches are the main things done for the class. Probably 5ish speeches for the semester. Easy as long as you can follow directions on what is asked for each paper.
5.0 : LOVED THIS CLASS! She is so funny and was really understanding. If I was having a bad day I would always feel better after this class. She is super chill and really helped prepare us for the class. For the midterm I got a B, but with all the extra credit I got over 100%. She is the best teacher I've ever had. Love her!
5.0 : Cool, funny English teacher. He cares about his students, wants you to do well and is willing to help. A bit of writing but just get it done and you will be good.
5.0 : He was a very easy A. Just like a high school class
5.0 : Best english teacher ever, go to his office hours and he'll respect you. Very willing to help
4.5 : Great professor
5.0 : Ece 118 is a hard class, However with dr Wang he made it easy to understand and apply. Make sure to attende classes and not skip. He is smart and knows his stuff. He is one of those teachers who takes care of  his students . He is helpful and available at his office-hours. Attende, do homework, and review his slides , you will pass with an A.
5.0 : best instructor ever , the class was so much fun , you never want to worry about drinking your coffee before coming to this class , exam straight from lecture no hidden or unexpected question on exam.  just show up to class do your work and do your best and you be good ,
4.5 : He was a very nice professor! His humor made the lectures more interesting. Not many homework assignments were given, but the powerpoint slides were very descriptive and helpful when studying for the tests. He explained everything very well and was very clear. Overall an amazing professor!
4.5 : First year, however very knowledgeable. Good guy willing to work with you and he will do what he can for you. I have him next semester and am looking forward to it.
4.5 : Great instructor and very helpful during class. Test are not hard if you study. I recommend him for everyone.
4.0 : If you attend class, DO YOUR HOMEWORK, and study slides for test you'll do great! He's very helpful and caring.
5.0 : he's one of the best instructors I've ever had. I took this class before and it made no sense at all so I dropped it but now when I take it with Wang, I don't know why everything seemed so complicated before. Extremely helpful, easy exams. And his lectures are so comprehensible
4.0 : Good class
5.0 : Is a Great Teacher and you will absolutely learn the material
5.0 : Dr Wang is one of the nicest teaching staff in the electrical and computer engineering department. He is very friendly and straight forward teacher. He will test you on material you already have seen in the lecture . He is some you can talk to, and discuss any issues. Kind friendly fair grader and easy on students is my best description for him
5.0 : Dr. Wang is a great, helpful, and friendly teacher. I do recommend taking the lab for this class while taking the class because it helps you get hands on experience about the lecture material while you are learning it.
5.0 : Dr Wang is a great professor. He's patient with his students and always, always ready to help you understand the course even more. The home works and test are straight forward and direct from his lectures so attendance matters. Find him during his office hours if you need any reconfirmation.
4.0 : Dr. Nan is a helpful and so nice professor. In the beginning,  you might find it hard to follow with him because of his accent, but if you go to his office hours, you will find  him very helpful and he will give you all the time you need to understand. He always tries to help his students in any way to exceed in their academics life, and his class.
5.0 : Dr. Wang is such a great professor ! Defiantly take with him, helpful and willing to help students. This class was hard but he made it easy to understand, in order to pass this class with flying colors you need to attend, Participate, do homework, and review his study guide.
4.5 : Dr. Wang is a very fair professor. If you did well in ECE 85, you will most likely be successful in this class considering the first few weeks is pretty much review of that material. You will have a great opportunity to do well in his class. Not saying its easy, but if you go to class and study/practice his examples you can definitely pull of an A.
4.0 : Dr, Wang is really a very supportive professor. He encourages and cares for each and every student in the class. We would surely be benefited through his class because of his all time ready to help nature in order to learn the course. He is really good at supporting students willing to work.
5.0 : Professor Mitchell relates well with college students. Although he takes attendance each day, he allows 3 unexcused absences that'll have no effect on your grade. The textbook is useful for essays but does not need to be read each day because of how detailed his lectures are. Two fifty problem exams, four presentations, and two papers. That's it!
5.0 : By far the best teacher at Fresno state in my opinion. He grades very fairly and is very easy to interact with. You will love taking this class.
5.0 : Wyatt is the absolute man!!! He is the ultimate teacher. Your in for a treat because he is cute!! Great teacher to be around, very clear on what he needs done. 3 tests, 2 group presentations
5.0 : He's really nice and is very entertaining. He had clear expectations and he emails back right. He made the class fun by interacting with us every time. For comm 8 you have two major presentations, one essay, three test. He's young and is very easy on the eyes.
3.5 : He is kind of laid back and doesn't ask for much. He has guidelines for the papers and he has long boring lectures. He is understanding and gives help when asked.
4.5 : Professor Mitchell is a great instructor. He knows what he is teaching and will help you with any questions or concerns that you might have. His class is fun and you interact with your classmates. Not much homework but get ready for two-three papers in APA Format, midterm and final.  p.s he's a cutie
3.0 : class is based on group projects and presentations, 2 to be exact. community service is required for the project as well. 3 tests. pretty laid back.
5.0 : I really loved this class. Everything is super clear and Mr. Keeney always makes sure that everyone understands everything. He is super dynamic and kept me awake on every Wednesday night class. The text book is online and free. Exams and quizzes are super fair and some extra credits are provided. I found everything interesting he taught us!
5.0 : It is easy to get a good grade on essays by just doing the work. He is very blunt but the class is easy and i rarely read for it.
4.5 : I took him in my first semester here at CSU, and overall he was a pretty chill back professor that knows his stuff when it comes to English. He assigns readings from the book and sometimes post reading on Blackboard for you to write up a summary on usually a page or two. One thing you have to watch out for is his Big Papers which he grades hard on.
4.0 : Jordan Dakin was a great teacher. As long as you followed instructions and and did your assignments, you'd get an easy A in the class. If you had any questions, he would be happy to answer them after class or get back to you via email. Class was interactive, educational, and fun, especially when debating on world matters. 10/10 would Dakin again.
5.0 : Professor Venezia is a sweet women but takes her work very serious. I would take her again and recommend her to everyone, if you have any questions she will gladly answer them.  On that note a few tips  Book is mandatory  Attendance is mandatory ( she gives you about 3- 4 absences a semester) short reading weekly ( they are entertaining )
5.0 : Professor is young and really easy going. Lectures are amazing.
5.0 : Professor Brenda is great! She is there for you no matter what because if you're struggling with writing, she will help you with your topic and give you good feedback and answer your questions. She doesn't grade very hard, if you do the assign requirements for writing and reading then you're passing.
5.0 : Wonderful professor, assignments are easy and really motivates students to improve on their work. Also gives a lot of great feedback when grading assignments.
5.0 : Great professor. She's willing to help, if you ask of course. The class overall was very entertaining.
5.0 : Professor Brenda is awesome. I hated English when I was in High school and Professor Brenda totally changed my perpesctive, I had her class at 7AM and I enjoyed it because her lecture was very interesting and easy to understand. She is also a very helpful, and kind professor. BEST PROFESSOR I EVER HAD!!!!
5.0 : I only had her for one semester so far and she is just beyond amazing! She has to be one of the nicest and chillest teachers at state that i have met so far. She hardly gives out homework and when she does all it is, is reading  a mini passage from a book and writting down our thoughts. Her class is NOT boring and goes by too fast.
5.0 : Such an amazing professor, she has a huge heart and really cares about her students' success. 2 five paged paper and then weekly assignments due every week which are easy.
5.0 : Shes a really caring Professor available to answer any questions you may have by email or in person. The assignments are easy BB discussion board 2 comments, and 2 essays. Youre not given a letter grade but rather CR/NC on assignments. As long as youre putting in the effort this will be a great class. She also stays current with the latest.
5.0 : Great professor! gives really good feedback on assignments and she cares for her students. I'm honestly really glad that I took her class. Definitely one of the best professors out there
5.0 : Shes an amazing professor! EVERYTHING THAT IS POSITIVE CAN BE SAID ABOUT HER! Shes super helpful and great at communicating! Shes also very understanding! Ill never have a professor as great as her!!!
5.0 : Brenda is amazing and so understanding literally the best professor on campus hands down!
5.0 : Amazing professor!!! She has such a big heart and really cares about her students!
5.0 : One of the best prof. ever had.  If you're in dilemma of whether to take her class or not, just go for it.
5.0 : He is my favorite teacher that I have had at Fresno State. His lectures are really interesting and fun. He has so many great stories. He has one term paper and even that was fun to write.
4.0 : He is a good prof, I took this class and he was accurate on his lectures. He had vieos to show and we had a paper to do and it was fun
5.0 : This class was really interesting. He makes the lectures easy to understand. His lectures are out of the book but he makes it a lot easier to grasp. He really knows what he's talking about and if the class is involved, it'll make the class go by super fast. His stories are hilarious also.
5.0 : Amazing professor! I was fortunate to have her my first semester of college and she made my college experience much better. Super understanding and helpful. She does love students response so don't be shy.
5.0 : Ms. Carlson is so cute! I really enjoyed her class. She is really sweet and not boring.
5.0 : This class was so fun I would take it again
4.0 : She is really chill with whatever is going on. She takes attendance everyday and it lowers your grade if you miss too many days
4.0 : I Like this professor she is very helpful with her own students and she is very nice, go into her office hours for help she will help you. I would take this class again.
5.0 : Amazing Prof. By far the best class I've ever taken here. She is super funny and understandable. She helps her students the best way she can, and makes sure that you understand the material. She Also gives great examples and makes sure that everything is understood. Best prof. Def would retake it again if i could! Love her!
4.0 : She was a nice, caring professor. My one complaint is that she occasionally tried to insert her political views into lectures they didn't relate to. But she taught well, got students involved, and brought donuts every once in awhile!
5.0 : Great instructor and definitely recommend her!
5.0 : Erika Carlson is a great teacher who cares about her students. She is very helpful if you need help in anything. She is very funny and in class you must participate because she loves a class that listens while she is teaching.
4.0 : Ms. Carlson was a great teacher to be her first year. She is very understanding and helps you if you ask. She gets along well with her students which makes her lectures not bad at all! Overall, would take her again! Super easy grader, easy pass
5.0 : I had Luanne as a clinical instructor first semester and I could not have asked for a better instructor. She made first semester much less stressful. Luanne is extremely helpful! She may be a little intimidating at first, but by the end of the semester, she felt like a second mom to me. She is full of resources so pick her brain!
3.5 : Luanne is a GREAT first semester instructor. Very caring - perfect person that will take you under her wing. Will offer any help possible. The funds NCLEX tests are ridiculous but they aren't necessarily Luanne's fault. Still she will provide all the help that you ask for and some you don't.
5.0 : This is the second class that I have taken from Professor Bennet. I wish she was teaching a class that I could take next semester. She is the most interesting professor I have had at FSU. Her classes feel easy but I have learned by far the most from her teaching style. Her classes are what all classes should be like. Take her if you get the chance.
5.0 : I took CFS 39 in the spring of 2016. The class was huge, well over 100 students. She is FUNNY!  Tests are straight from the lecture. The assignments are pretty easy. Most of the written work is research and personal reflections. Beware, if your writing skills are weak, she will let you know.  I did a re write of the case study 3 times.
4.5 : I LOVED HER! Lectures were never boring. There's something about her that just kept me so interested (the class is really interesting too). You will definitely need the book and to go to class. She gives participation points by iClicker Qs. I recommend her she's awesome! It'll be a class you always look forward to.
4.0 : A few exams, a few writing assignments (reflections), and participation in class. She loves to talk, and she won't waste your time. Her lectures are very interesting and as a person in general, she is hilarious! I loved her class &amp; it was always something to look forward to. Easy A if the subject interests you. Loved it!
5.0 : By far one of the best classes I have taken. Prof. Bennett is very passionate about her work and her lectures are very easy to follow. The only downside is that she does not provide study guides for exams and that makes it difficult when it comes to studying because you don't know what the exam will cover but other than that, her class was great!
5.0 : Professor Meany is hilarious and really cares about her students. Tests are super easy as long as you read the book. Don't procrastinate on the group service learning hours.
5.0 : Meany is super chill and hilarious. I always looked forward to go to her class. She is great but if you don't do the reading for lecture, she may do a pop quiz or in one case for my class, kick everyone out. Besides that, she really is a great professor who loves what she does. Get your service learning done ASAP and the class will be a breeze.
5.0 : Professor Meany is hilarious she makes it easy to go to class . Her tests are easy , gives out study  guides for each test and lets you use notes during the exams. There are only 2 group presentations which are pretty easy and a final exam. All exams are base on the chapters from the textbook. This class has to be the easiest class there is.
5.0 : She is SOOOOO amazing! Her tests are all online so super easy to get a good grade in. Be sure you read the chapter before class to have a good discussion. She's hilarious and super friendly. TAKE HER! 5/5
5.0 : Best communication teacher ever !! Very helpful and very informational. You get out of class early and sometimes she calls class in. All of her Test are online on blackboard and she's very lenient
5.0 : Meany is an amazing communications instructor. She is  very hilarious, and you'll love going to class. She always has fun group activities, and her lectures are simple but still informative. Three exams which are easy and they're online, she also provides a study guide. Two group presentations, these are very easy. Definitely take her for Comm 8.
5.0 : Young and hilarious, easy-going, very relatable, and overall an amazing professor! Her lectures are helpful and easy to understand with the way she handles them. Homework is easy to deal with, and notes are allowed on exams! Just keep up with the material and you'll pass. Would be more than happy to have her as a professor again. Highly recommend!
5.0 : She's loud and crazy and so much fun
5.0 : Very easy class. she is funny and awesome. she has no filter so be prepared!
5.0 : She is super easy, but you still do have to put work in. I really loved this class. It was one of my favorites because she is super funny, laid back, and understanding. Her teaching is really easy to understand too. This class is an easy A.
3.5 : She's good, gets a little personal. Talks about her life a lot doesn't mind cussing in speeches as long as used tastefully, she seems to be emotional at times and can be pissed off if you miss speech days, If you miss the day that your assigned a date to speak get ready to speak first. Does roll on speech days, and hates if you miss Fridays.
5.0 : This class is amazing! If you need to take COMM 3, take it with her. She is super funny and is very passionate about Comm. She helps you with your speeches and grades fairly if you follow prompt! She does like whn the class participates during lectures and tends to get upset when students dont participate. If i could take her again, I would #SCFrap
5.0 : One submission was not enough! lol This class always gets you in the best mood no matter what! The environment for our class always seems to be super happy and humorous! HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND #SaltedCaramelFrap
5.0 : I love her. She is hilarious, understanding, and super down to earth. She is pretty young for a professor and is comfortable discussing whatever in class, but always gets back to the topic. This class has been awesome. There have been times I walked into class in a bad mood cause I was having a bad day and left so happy cause she is just so funny
4.5 : Really enjoyed this class. You never know what you're gonna get when you walk in, cuz she legit has NO filter, but it really makes every day new and fun. I never struggled to make myself to go and it was honestly the bright spot in a semester of classes I didn't want to take. Shes adorable and hilarious and really knows her subject. 5 star.
5.0 : Where to begin? Meany is the best communications professor I have ever had in my life (and I've taken a lot of them). She is incredibly understanding, helpful, and very informative! She is also super funny which I love because it keeps class interesting. I would recommend her over and over again!
5.0 : Tyler is a great instructor he is : patient, organized and simply a great proff I would recommend  him to everyone, you will surely enjoy his class. On that note a few tips: Quizzes every week but super easy ! (most of the questions are common sense ) Do not buy the book, rent it off Chegg it is lot cheaper  Try not to miss to much class
5.0 : Tyler is one of the best professors I've ever had. If you read the book and do your assignments on time, you're guaranteed to get an A++. We did about 4 speeches, 2 multiple choice exams, and 2 papers. It was all very easy and there's extra credit. He's funny, considerate and does what he can to help you. I'd take his class again!
4.5 : Loved this class! Frank Gidney is the best choice for COMM 3. His lectures are always interesting and he works hard to make the classroom a comfortable place to express your views. By far my favorite professor to date. I highly recommend his class.
4.5 : This guy is the coolest! He is so understanding and laid-back (just don't take advantage of it). He's so down to earth and there are only a few speeches you have to do which he explains how to do very well. His lectures are always so interesting, it's not even really like a lecture. Lol. Such an amazing, cool teacher. HIGHLY RECOMMEND
5.0 : Best teacher you'll ever take, simply.
5.0 : Professor Gidney is the sweetest human being on the planet despite his appearance. I absolutely hated public speaking but enjoyed his class so much. He is so supportive in anything that you do and actually wants to help you improve.  4 speeches, 2 essays, and a Final. Lectures are very informal and fun. You won't regret taking class with him. EasyA
5.0 : Very good professor. His class is pretty easy you just have to put in the effort. Very helpful as well.
5.0 : Very easy going and wants his students to succeed. Class work is very heavy on group work.
5.0 : One of the best professors at Fresno State! He makes class so fun and entertaining. He's also very VERY understanding and responds to emails so fast! He really cares about his students so take him you won't regret it! (: Thefes a few class activities, exams, (SUPER EASY), 1500 words individual paper, 1 group assignment, and the final.
5.0 : Best Professor ever
4.5 : He's great! super easy class! post powerpoint online! 4-5 Quizzes online, 1 essay for midterm with your choice in topic. final exam! 1 group presentation
1.0 : I would not take him again. He wont let you take the final before or after at any circumstances. Gives no study guide
1.0 : No study guide. Toughest grader.
5.0 : Best Professor at Fresno State. Had him for Victimology and will be taking his online course this upcoming semester. A wonderful person, cares about your well-being. In this class expect to get the textbook for the quizzes ( 4-5 of them), for the midterm he will make you write 1,000 word essay on a topic pertaining to the class, then final exam
5.0 : I LOVED DR. James! He is a great teacher and very understanding with making up things. He remembers what its like to be student and does his best to help all of his students and really values them learning. I would take all my classes with him.
5.0 : Dr. James is an amazing professor he offers helps to his students. His course consists of a midterm, final, 4 small research activities and 4 class activities. The course was easy as long as you study a bit, I will say however, that his grading scale is a bit skewed and this may result in a lower grade than you expect. ex: 549/600  B  in his class
4.0 : At first a little confusing but once the class goes on you get a better understanding. Read and look over the power points for quizzes, the research activities are somewhat self explanatory but overall he is a good teacher. If you do not understand the RA activities he will work with you and is willing to help. Just wants you to pass.
4.0 : There are many essays to write and a lot of reading in this class. There are 3 books requied. This class is not letter graded, it is pass/fail which makes it easier. It's not too difficult, but Mr. Gomez will help you if you need it. As long as you turn in the assignment on time, he will give you full credit. Don't procrastinate and you'll be fine.
5.0 : This was a fairly easy class, Professor Gomez is a really approachable person. You will write 2 essays the first semester and 2 the next and these essays count as your midterm and final as well. Also there are no presentations, for those of you that are shy. Overall, loved this class although it might get boring at times, it is still a great class.
4.0 : I took him for two semesters for English 5A and 5B. I highly recommend taking him because he is always there for his students. Something I seen though was that there was days that we would not do anything in class, but we still had to attend class. If you ask for help when writing essays he will help you tremendously and give excellent feedback.
4.0 : Joy is an amazing English professor! She's really funny and she cares about her students, which is rare to find in a lot of professors. She is always understanding in tough situations. I would recommend anyone to take her class.
5.0 : Lots of writing but gives extra credit!!! Wonderful professor and wants the students to do well!
4.0 : She is a very easy professor. You should go to class because you'll lose 10 points every time you miss. Also, there will be a 10 page essay but that's part of the class so it's mandatory. She's awesome.  I suck on essays and still managed to pass with an A! She gives a lot of extra credit
5.0 : super cool, very open and really cares about you. she really takes the time to get to know you via essays and does her best to help you. I definitely learned a lot as well.
5.0 : She's a fantastic professor! Has assignments due every week but they're not hard at all. Total of 4 essays a semester but great topics. Highly recommended professor. She also teaches at Fresno City CSU FRESNO and Clovis Community College.
5.0 : Took her for University 1. She made the class fun, look forward to coming to this class MWF. You'll have homework but it's not super hard. Volunteering at non profit is mandatory. Great class, recommend for freshmen.
5.0 : Prof. Lawrence was one of the most helpful professors I've had. She gives a lot of feedback on papers and if you don't understand she is more than happy to meet up and talk. The papers are a little lengthy at times but nothing too hard. Overall I thought this class was an easy A..... you just have to show up!
5.0 : 3 Main Essays. Weekly Quizzes (lets you use notes). Easy Online Assignments.
4.0 : Professor Lawrence is so caring. She will give you the grade you deserve but tells you how you can improve. If you do what she tells you to do to improve it will really help your grade. I could see in my own writing that I improved immensely thanks to her.
5.0 : Professor Lawrence is an amazing professor! She's a good instructor that knows what she is talking about so class isn't boring. There are 3 papers in the semester that are a little lengthy but nothing difficult. She gives a lot of feedback and there are workshops in class to help make your papers better. Show up to class and you should be good.
5.0 : Joy was seriously the best English professor I have ever had!!!!!!!! She is so friendly and funny. Their is a lot of reading but the books are actually  interesting. Overall I enjoyed this class and recommend it to everyone that is going to take English 2.
4.5 : Was hesitant about taking Eng 10 because its acc. but I LOVED this class. She is a great professor really cares and helps all her students. Grades super easy on everything, pretty much gives you full credit if its complete. 3 essays but they were not boring you can choose the topic. Just do the work and you will pass with an A, guaranteed
5.0 : Expect lots of reading, annotating and homework. Peer feedbacks are best because it allows you to rewrite your essays and better them. She really cares about her students and if you don't understand something, go to her office hours! Her class is easy overall, just a lot of readings. If you follow along, you'll pass her class!
5.0 : Honestly I did not get the point of reading and writing in high school.  You get to write about your own ideas in this class. She's serious but with funny stories and got students talk and people actually do something in group work. Can't miss class tho.
4.0 : The only thing that she does is gives a lot of reading, like a lot. One time she made us read like a whole book in two days when we have other classes. Then she made us write about it so there was really no way of getting out of it. Other than that her class in pretty easy. Just super long and drug out. She doesn't have good time management.
3.0 : Expect homework when taking this class. She'll make you rewrite an essay about 3 or 4 times. It's not very difficult to pass the class as long as you read the prompts and the book.
5.0 : I took her creative writing. Yes she assigns a lot of stories to read and there was one novella but had a week to read it. Lots of group discussion and we wrote two short stories. My writing improved a lot I think. Our class was fun and friendly from day one. Definately my favorite class this year.
5.0 : Writing is not my favorite thing but Dr. Williams went step by step to show us how to do it. My writing improved so much in one semester. The most important class I took so far. She really cares about your writing. Peer feedback in groups also really helpful.
5.0 : Well if you wanna be a writer, you gotta read, so don't take this class if you don't like to read. I took this class and did not think the prof was unorganized, and she gave good feedback on our stories, especially when I went to her office hours. I would have liked more time writing in class. A good class.
4.0 : Cool class and cool professor. Do not expect it to be easy. A lot of work. Lots of reading. Had to write a lot of stories and stuff. Offers extra credit to help out with grade.
4.0 : This professor is not the most organized, but she in a great teacher. She really cares about her students and wants them to succeed. She will work with her students to help them succeed, as long as they communicate with her (try to do it in person). She also actually holds her office hours, and is accessible. I would recommend her class.
5.0 : Took her Rural Health class and it was super easy,no homework besides reading a few articles for class discussion in small groups,no exams,1 small presentation in groups,1 big final presentation with group paper,as long as you go up there and present she'll pretty much give you full points. Awesome class!! Overall, super easy class, just show up
5.0 : Dr. Lessard is a good professor. The downside about her is when she lectures she reads off the PPT. Easy class as long as you attend. This class consists of two exam: the midterm and final. One health behavior change essay that has to have 15 references (the minimum) that you must have. Journal entry after each chapter cover in class.
5.0 : amazing teacher!! he is definitely into helping the students when needed! just meet up with him during office hours and he gives you full attention! makes the class understandable and reliable. he is very good at teachings, everything will sound repeated if you have taken this course before but he still helps a lot!
4.0 : Amazing! I was scared to take the class because of the 5 units but it didn't even feel like 5 units. I honestly didn't try too hard in class and got an A. There are 2 research group projects, 1 midterm and 1 final.  Weekly quizzes and offers 20 extra credit points. There is about 2 essays but they get broken up through out the semester.
5.0 : Take him! There's only 2 tests (open note!!) and extra credit. You also get lots of feedback for the two essays in lab. Carvalho is very nice and will help you with whatever you need
4.0 : Professor Carvalho is nice. He's an interesting figure but his lectures are so long and boring. Just review the power points and study your notes and you'll pass just as easy.
4.5 : Dr. Carvalho is a very nice and helpful professor. The course is just a difficult one. tests are very straightforward and he does a review the week before. He also provides study guides for each one. Lectures are not too long and then the rest is group work. group assignments are just worksheets due at the end of class. Lab should be main focus.
1.0 : very boring lectures but ultimately easy to pass. as long as you go to lab you don't need to go to lectures to pass. 2 research studies and 2 tests
5.0 : Carvalho is amazing! TAKE HIM if you need this class or if you just want to learn about research and applying research skills. Lectures are optional. He lets you work in groups a lot, almost after every lecture. Gives you extra credit options. Open notes on tests!
4.0 : He is a great Professor. Extra credit is offered! His lectures are some what long but if you need help he will help you with the assignment. He gives study guides for the exams and is helpful because he goes over them in class. Show up to class and you should be fine if you take notes and look at his power points online. He is a fair grader.
4.5 : Professor Carvalho gives lectures for about 20 - 30 minutes then is on to group activities most of the time, so be prepared to work in groups. Total of 4 papers for this class, but after the second paper the rest are easy. Tests are multiple choice with a couple of open ended questions. Easy class if you apply yourself.
4.0 : TAKE HIM!! You learn so much and he is so accessible he wants you to succeed. He knows a lot about the subject and he will make sure you understand. He does the impossible to help you. You don't need a book and there is 2 test. 1 class project (that is with a group).
5.0 : 1 midterm, 1 final. 10 weekly quizzes(unlimited attempts; easy). He says to buy textbook but I didnt use it, his PowerPoints were enough. 2 smaller assignments &amp; 1 bigger one. Overall great professor. He truly cares &amp; goes above &amp; beyond to help. Go to his office hours! If not, he responds to emails quick. Defs recommend him! Easy class IF you try
5.0 : Prof. Carvalho is the type that reads straight from PowerPoints, but that's ok! He offers many class assignments that can end up being Extra Credits, so go to class (attendance not mandatory though). 2 tests + *Lab section that includes: 1 practice paper, 2 rough drafts of your research assignment, &amp; 1 final paper. Would recommend! :)
5.0 : Although this class is 5 units, it definitely didn't feel like it. Exams are straight forward if you spend some time studying the day before the exam. I stopped taking notes and printed out his PowerPoint slides instead since the exams are open note. If you turn in stuff on time and put in some effort, you 'll get that A.
4.0 : Overall an easy class and getting an A is very do-able. However, lectures can be very long. The first hour is typically lecture and the second hour would be group work which was collected. The tests are open note! He is very willing to help and discuss any academic questions you may have.
5.0 : He talks A LOT but he was great! He elaborates a ton to make sure everybody understands the material. Not that many people go to the lectures and you really don't have to, it is not a tough class.
5.0 : Professor Carvalho is great at what he teaches. His grading is very clear and feedback is very helpful. No homework, but there are quizzes and projects but they are manageable. Study!
4.0 : Carvalho was a great online professor! Made Statistics easy to understand and is very helpful. There is a quiz once a week, 2 homework assignments, 1 midterm, and 1 final! Definitely recommend him!
5.0 : Professor Carvalho was Awesome! He made this class understandable and wasn't as stressful ad I thought it would be. The extra credit definitely helps. Lab isn't too bad either. I definitely recommend taking his class.
5.0 : I'm not very interested in beef cattle but Mr. Person made this course interesting and easy. He's very nice and funny, has a lot of interesting experiences that he shares in his very long lectures. Tests were almost all online and the group report was long, but he grades easily. Would definitely take a class with him again if I could.
5.0 : AWESOME PROFESSOR. Highly recommend taking any class with him.
5.0 : Ryan Person has been my favorite professor so far! His class is long but his lectures are so inspirational. I have only had one quiz so far and one group presentation which is super easy and he makes it fun, also a community service project but its so easy! Basically show up and pass, he is a great guy that cares about his students and animals
5.0 : Person is a great professor. Show up to class and pay attention and you'll have a good time.
5.0 : Very eye opening about animals, meat industry, etc. Very informative and knowledgeable. would take again.
5.0 : He is an amazing teacher and his class is super easy. You dont have to take notes because there are no exams. The final is just a paper that you have the entire semester to do, and he makes the class interesting . Easy A!
5.0 : Professor Person was one of my favorite professors! He was hilarious, inspirational, knowledgeable and a great person overall. His lectures were interesting and I would definitely take a class with him again! As long as you do the homework that he assigns which is rare, do the online quizzes, one group project, and do your work; you'll be set!
4.0 : You have to pay attention to her lectures. Tests are tough.
4.0 : Teacher was great and clear about what she wanted. Hardest part was the term paper, but she even gives you advice on your first draft and tells you what you need to do to make it better. She wants you to learn in her class and her lectures make it easy to do so. Would take her again. Very down to earth. No homework unless lecture is canceled.
4.0 : She is a great professor to take. She is very knowledgeable about many things in the Crim field and is willing to help out if you ask.  A few classes were cancelled. All her assignments are clear, and as long as you follow instructions you'll be fine with grading. I would recommend being in class to pass, but some missed a few. Book isn't necessary
5.0 : Professor Leahy was great, class was lectures from PowerPoint that she also had on blackboard we had 2 exams for the entire class. There wasn't a long paper, but you did have a few short answer writing questions in class that were 10 points each which were not hard at all easy points go to class so you won't miss the points. Also gave extra Credit.
4.0 : She is a great professor. She is very clear on what she wants on her paper and very helpful towards the study guide. If you want to pass this class make sure to do your readings. Attendance is optional, but if you miss a day of class is like missing a whole lecture on 1-2 chapters because she uses up the whole time in class.
3.0 : easy class. weekly online assignments and quizzes ,which should not take more than one hour, midterm and final.
4.0 : not a difficult class but should come to class to take notes as she doesn't provide a study guide but her lectures are pretty close to the exam and there is only 2. a few blackboard assignments and a AA meeting paper that worth 100pts
5.0 : Took this class this semester, wasn't too bad. We had a paper and few in class writing assignments. There was also many opportunities to get extra credit. I would advise you to do all of them. There was also a online midterm and a final. I would suggest you really study for the midterm, many didn't do good on the online midterm.
4.0 : She is a knowledgeable woman. Her lectures are easy and usually consists of her taking notes on the board for the class to copy down. Only a few papers, a few small assignments, and multiple extra credit opportunities.
4.0 : The grade is based on midterm and final + short answers from clips she shows in class so if you attend class your most likely to pass and she gives Extra-Credit opportunities Really Easy I will be taking more classes with her.
5.0 : She's great, covers what you should know and loves to answer questions. I look up to Prof Leahy. She is very passionate about victims and their rights. I'm taking her for another semester and looking forward to it :)
4.0 : Fairly easy class,  2 exams, a couple in class writing assignments, and a few blackboard assignments.  The only thing I didn't like was that she doesn't give study guides for the exams, so take good notes.  She does have a review day before the exam so that's the best time to get the information you need.
5.0 : Amazing teacher and he enjoys teaching the class.
5.0 : Iley is a chill dude. No textbook required, but you do need to pay to print your final project, which is a pretty cool assignment. By the end of the class, I definitely saw progress from when we first started off.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class with Iley! All you have to do is follow along and take a couple notes! The more questions you ask the more he likes you. There's no book for the class either. I learned a lot in his class and had fun too! Definitely recommend!
5.0 : The class was basically just copying what Iley did in AutoCAD. If you can't do something that simple, I'm not sure what you are doing as an engineer.
4.5 : Dr. Sobieralski is very passionate about music, and really enjoys sharing that with students. If you don't have any musical background, don't fret. He is always willing to help you out with your piano playing even if you go off. It's also recommended that you MUST practice playing the piano outside of class even though the pace can be really fast!
5.0 : I took him for Music 187. He is an easy professor, Loves talking about music! Takes attendance every day, so be there or you won't pass! One group project and lots of online quizzes with 2 papers throughout the semester.  Emails you back almost right away, and actually works with you on your grade if you need it.
4.0 : Clear during lectures, lets you practice during class, and some days were optional attendance. Big assignments were; midterm playing &amp; written exam, final written &amp; playing exam, and concert attendance report. Basically go to class, take notes, and practice whichever piece you plan on playing for midterms/finals.
4.0 : He's a cool professor, but the classwork is too much for such an easy class. 1 huge paper and another on two performances you have to attend. You have a group presentation and a bunch of reading for a 20 question quiz and a music listening quiz which are timed. All MUS187 classes are the same, doesn't matter which prof you take. He's the easiest!
5.0 : Note: I have 12 years history with the piano, so this class was really easy for me, but here is my review. Nathan is a nice guy, easy to talk to, and will help you with whatever he can. Easy grader. 1 playing midterm and final and 1 written midterm and final, 1 concert attendance report, and a few listening responses. Definitely recommend.
4.0 : very easy class, mostly online with many quizzes due by a certain date. always extends due dates and is very flexible. exams are super easy and there is only one paper. attendance is MANDATORY. he is always quick to reply to emails and offers a lot of extra credit. lectures were boring to me but he is a very nice professor.
5.0 : Mr. Farrar Is truly a great teacher, he made me fall in love with communications! he takes the time to help you understand &amp; he is always willing to help you out and answer questions. He only assigns 5 speeches throughout the semester. If you truly put the effort into your papers you will get a good grade.
5.0 : Mr. Farrar is amazing! Going to class is never a dread! He's funny and makes learning simple, easy, and enjoyable! Even when giving speeches it isn't difficult. As long as you follow guidelines to speeches, even if you're terrible at speeches, you'll do great! He even gives feedback on speeches as to why you lost points or what can be fixed.
5.0 : Straightforward and cool professor. Challenging, yet, fun assignments/lectures. I highly recommend this professor.
5.0 : He is funny and really enjoys teaching communication. He might convince you to change majors. Be prepared to participate in class, he will call on you. Also don't expect class to ever be cancelled, he didn't missed a single day.  There are only 2 test midterm and a final, there are 2 papers and 4 speeches, but the first is easy.
5.0 : This class isn't an easy A, but if you do your work, pay attention and follow the guidelines for the course, you'll end up enjoying it.
4.0 : Very fun class. Tried to make it fun and has funny jokes along the way in his lectures. Has his "question of the day" at roll call. But don't think just because it's comm, means you don't have to read. Reading the book and his reviews for mid terms and final will save your life.
4.5 : By far one of the best teachers I've had. She is willing to stop what she is doing in class in order to help someone understand. She is fair in grading(you get what you work for) and gives extra credit which is always nice. would recommend to anyone
3.5 : At first she seems really intimidating, but she's actually nice. If you have any questions she will do her best to answer them. She doesn't give out study guides but she does tell you what to study that will be on the midterms. If you correct her on a mistake she makes during lecture she'll give you one extra credit point! I would take her again.
5.0 : Wasn't familiar with stats at all but the material is fairly easy if you study and pay attention to her lectures. Don't understand the material? Don't worry she'll explain concepts more than once. Would take again considering how helpful she has been. She's funny well sometimes. Take her class you won't regret it.
4.0 : If ur good at memorizing definitely take this class since u can remember the steps &amp;the 2-3 sentences which u have to write out at the end of some prob. on the test. Also, tests r all written. She is really good at explaining the material and i've never taken any stat classes before. A lot of hw but she gives u infinity tries. Make sure to study!!!
5.0 : Funny teacher! She is so fair with grading. You will get the grade you deserve. Do all the homework and quizzes (online), and study for the exams. You will do great. Her lectures are amazing. Would take her again
5.0 : Amazing professor! Very clear lectures and open to questions. caring about students. There were 10 chapters for the semester and about 2-4 sections. Homework and textbook is online. If you do your homework and go to class it's an easy A. If you dont attend class, be ready to self teach. The material isn't easy to learn on your own. just go she cool
5.0 : Professor Hagaman is a wonderful professor, took a lot out of her class. It was a very easy course. 1 main research paper, weekly readings followed by journal entries, no test accept the in class final, my writing lab can be tedious, after you miss a couple days of class you start to loose points. Participation is very important.
5.0 : Ms. Hagaman is a great teacher! She's super nice and will clarify anything you don't understand. 1 research paper, presentation, and my writing lab. She is an easy grader, will give you full credit for turning in your drafts. Enjoyed the lectures. She gives points for participation and for attendance. Take her! She's great! :)
4.0 : Great teacher. She is really good and on point with her power-point slides. You have to attend class because if you are absent more than 3 times, your grade drops. It is best to read to be up to par with the class but other than that you will do fine on reading. Also there is a paper, but there is a step-by-step process.
4.5 : Easy class. A lot of discussion, and you need to participate. Not a lot of hw, just the main essay. Need to go to class everyday or you will lose a large number of points.
3.0 : This class mandatory she gives credit for attendance as well as participation. Get ready to talk because you are graded on that too. Grades rough. Everything you learn in the class is not important because there are no tests. Class is pretty much pointless. It should of been an online class.
5.0 : Those saying Natasha was a tough grader &amp; that the class was hard probably did the minimum to pass. This class was great! She is organized, structured, funny, &amp; both personable &amp; reasonable. I went into this class afraid &amp; left enlightened. Topics covered are so interesting, relevant, &amp; the work is not bad at all- one main essay, MWL, &amp; offers EC!
3.5 : Ms. Hagaman was a great professor, who cares for her students. She is there for you when you need clarification or help in an assignment. The class was doable. Reading's every week, one main research paper, and presentation. Take her, she is amazing.
4.5 : Good teacher. Easy A if you show up and do the work. There are a few quizzes and a few short papers to write but nothing crazy. He's a really good teacher and a cool guy. Take him.
3.5 : Read the books and watch lectures and you will be fine. Not that many tests and the papers are nothing too tough. Just show up and do your work and you can get through it.
5.0 : I took Dr. Shepherd's online linguistic course. There were weekly lectures that he has pre-recorded so you can go at your own pace, but new content is posted weekly, and you have to complete it before you can move on. It was a nice class with entertaining discussions.
5.0 : The class material is very interesting to learn, you actually get engaged in the discussions that we have to write. The modules are given every Tuesday and are given an entire week to complete them. There is a paper that has to be complete, but nothing major. Great Class!
4.0 : His class schedule is watch his lectures and then take a 3-4 question quiz (2 tries). Watch a video (varies from 5min-1hr) take a 3 question quiz (2 tries). Then do a discussion post and 2 reply to other fellow members. Yup that's about it. Also it'd be easier to take the quiz and get it in one go if you pull up the quiz while watching videos.
5.0 : Easy Class! Quizzes are easy and mid-terms are straight forward. I don't know how someone can fail the class. Really nice professor.
5.0 : If anyone is thinking about taking an upper division class, you should DEFINITELY take Shepherd for Linguistics! His class is the easiest! If you don't get an A in the class then you have to be super slacking because the work is easy and doesn't take a lot to respond to a video and respond to your fellow classmates responses.
3.0 : He gets off-topic a lot. Class is a tablet class so there is what he calls "online fridays" which mean you have until wed-sun to watch a short video and do a discussion on it on blackboard. There is also no class on Friday because of them. He doesn't care care if you don't go to class, it isn't mandatory. Tests are online and easy
5.0 : Best online class I have ever taken. Shepherd knows how to use Blackboard allowing him to create the most organized online class I have ever seen. It is so organized!
5.0 : Great professor!!!  Easy A class. There are discussions board each week, and they are easy. Exams and finals are online. There is a term paper at the end of the class and it is just 500 words and worth 10 points.  Take it!!! You will enjoy his class &amp; you will raise you GPA.   It was tablet class though!!! I got an A and a tablet!!! Great deal!!!
4.5 : Class is super easy if you do the work. Half of it is done online
3.0 : I thought that is class was very easy. The professor offers 5 extra credit points, which is 5% of the overall grade. The professor lectures off the power point and his study guide is very similar to the test questions. Be aware that the answer choices for the test are very similar to each other.
5.0 : His online lectures were fabulous! Only thing is that they are a little low volume, but you can tell Dr. Shepherd is very passionate about the material he teaches.
5.0 : Best professor I've had at Fresno State! You can tell she cares about her students. She is very clear with what she wants you to learn, is very organized and does a great job getting back to students (through emails and grading). We do fun activities in class and learn how to apply what we're learning for our job as future teachers! Love this class
4.0 : Dr. Walter really cares about her students. Because this class is a lecture hall, you have to meet her and her TA's half ways if you're struggling. Office hours are valuable to go ask questions regarding test and homework. Go everyday to lecture to get points and she gives extra credit. Lectures are fun and she's inspiring.
5.0 : She was really relaxed throughout the semester, until she went on maternity leave. Very easy to talk to and ask for feedback on speeches and outlines. She doesn't like to do writing assignments, and she'll tell you that within the first few days.
4.0 : Amazing professor. She is funny and makes the lectures not terrible. Gives good feedback on presentations so that you can get better.
3.0 : Professor Wells was a really laid back teacher. There are three exams and no final! There was three group projects that are honestly easy, and explain everything needed clearly through the rubric. She tries to warm everyone into conversation, and doesn't leave anyone out!  I would totally take this class again!
5.0 : Very easy A! The material is interesting and she makes it enjoyable. Very clear on how she wants things done. 3 individual presentations, 2 exams, &amp; 1 final. Attendance isn't necessary but the notes in class are very valuable because she will give you a clear study guide of what will be on the exam the class before and will answer any questions.
3.0 : I took the class in Fall 2016.  The class is enjoyable and easy. You are required to read the textbook and then she will go over the material in class. She's very helpful, especially if you show that you want to work for a good grade. There are 4 presentations, 3-4 assignments, a couple short papers, and 2 exams (she gives a study guide for both).
4.0 : awesome professor. Subject is kinda hard but she makes it easy. Simple and straight forward. Lets you out early. Watch movies. READ THE BOOKS. DONT MISS. And shes cute :)
5.0 : Very hard to fail her class. All you have to do is do the easy assignments she gives and you will pass! LOVED her!
5.0 : Professor Wells was my favorite teacher this semester! Three group projects with the same group all semester, all interesting and not too hard. Reading quizzes announced beforehand. No papers. Final is not cumulative. She is funny and makes class interesting.
5.0 : TAKE HER CLASS! You will not regret it! The best teacher in my fall semester. Really Really easy to.
4.0 : Wells is a great teacher. She is straight to the point so you know what she is expecting. This class was fun and I could tell she enjoyed teaching it. You have 3 group presentations and 2 test. Reading is a must. Quizzes taken every week. She picks your groups and you're in them for the entire semester. Final is a potluck. Definitely take her!
5.0 : Christina Wells is one of the best professors Ive had. Definitely take her over any other choice for COMM. Shes a great lecturer and very clear with what she wants out of you for tests and presentations.
4.5 : Lectures are engaging, tests are fair (just study), participation matters, 3 presentations, 3 papers, no homework. She's a tough grader, but if you follow all the instructions, you should be fine... Pay attention to the syllabus. She's funny and cool btw. Take her if you have the chance
5.0 : Such an awesome teacher! only three tests and no final. Tests can be tricky but if you study youll do fine. 3 presentations. 2 with an assigned group, 1 with a chosen partner. 3 reflection papers after presentations. Prof Wells is always asking if shes clear and if not how she can help you understand better. Definitely would take again.
5.0 : Best professor ever!! Show up to class and follow the rubrics on your presentations and it's an easy A!! Best sense of humor and truly cares about her students! Don't take communications with any other professor!
5.0 : She is great! Very funny and straight forward. Very easy!  She had left half way through semester due to having a baby, she was well missed. But long term sub was just as great!
4.0 : Do the reading and follow the study guides and you'll be fine. 3 presentations all very easy if you're prepared.
5.0 : Lawerence is one if the best TAs I've ever had. He will will help you with understanding the lab and very nice to talk to! He gives quizzes but he will give you a one week notice for them. Not to mention they are open note! T
5.0 : Lawrence is the best TA Ive ever had! Very clear on instructions for labs and how he grades. Always willing to help you if you need it. Would definitely recommend to take his lab!
5.0 : Lawrence is a great TA. He takes the time to help his students and breaks down physics in a very nice and understandable ways.
5.0 : Lawrence is an awesome professor. He's very clear with his instructions and always willing to help you out when you need it.  Everyone in class liked him, definitely take him if you can.
5.0 : I would love to have this professor teach my other math classes. Her strategy of teaching is unique. It works really well, at least for me. I appreciate how she teaches and I hope to be able to help my students as much as she helps us truly understand the material. It does seem like a lot of work, but it really pays offs.
5.0 : Jenna is a great math professor. She makes class easy to pass and wants you to make mistakes, so the class can learn from it. She often asks if you understand the material, if you don't, she gladly helps out. Theres 4 group projects which are not difficult, homework due every class period but it is not difficult. You can redo hw for full credit.
5.0 : Coming from someone that hates Math, Professor Jenna is AMAZING. She is seriously the sweetest most caring math professor I have had. She understands Math isn't everyone's subject so she always willing to help. Via email, Skype, or office hours. I loved that about her. Be prepared for a lot of work. This is a time consuming class. Take it with her!
5.0 : Jenna is amazing. You could tell that she cares about the students. Office hours aren't intimidating at all. She lets us revise our homework, and encourages us to make mistakes.
5.0 : Jenna is the best professor I have had at Fresno State. I am a math emphasis, so obviously I love math, but she made me love it even more. If I could take all of my classes from her I would. She is a very clear instructor, and more than willing to help you in anyway you can. I would highly recommend you take any class you can with her!
5.0 : She is the best math professor I have had at Fresno State. She is so clear and willing to help if one is confused! She made the material so easy to understand. I left her class motivated to change how elementary students learn Math. She's so sweet! She baked&amp;brought cookies the day of our final. TAKE IT WITH HER!
4.5 : Ms. Sanchez is a young, relatable teacher. Her lectures are somewhat long with lots of notes, but she makes them interesting. All of her tests are online, so they are almost impossible to fail. Group presentations on a place you volunteered at for 15 hours, and a final paper reflecting on how the class benefitted you and challenges overcome.
5.0 : He is a very nice guy! He's very approachable and very helpful. I really enjoyed the class and learned a lot of new things. I really liked him a lot. He makes the class enjoyable and likes to receive feedback from his students. I recommend this class and I would take it again.
5.0 : Amazing professor, always cares about his students (gymnastics). Always eager to help everyone! Highly suggest taking his gymnastics class.
5.0 : He is an amazing coach, teaches you the ways of the tennis , all you have to do is like literally show up to his class, its a lit class. Like there is no way you can fail, final is optional and once you pass with you don't have to come to his class anymore but i still do cause who doesn't like tennis. You will be better a Wii Tennis if you join :)
5.0 : I took his gymnastics class and I liked it a lot. I improved so much in there, I was able to do things I couldn't do in the beginning of the semester. He will be glad to help anyone if they need it and tells you what you need to improve on.
3.5 : Very  kind professor! Gives a lot of lectures so take good notes, the tests are pretty much based on the notes! 2 essays that are fairly easy, midterm and final weren't too bad, the final is worth less than the midterm. Assigns readings weekly but I hardly read and I passed with an A. Takes attendance occasionally. Overall she's a great professor!
4.0 : Pretty simple class. Weekly reading and assignments due on Saturdays. Assignments ranged from quizes, to discussion boards, to journals. Not a very time consuming class compared to other online courses. Usually didn't spend more than an hour on assignments, sometimes a lot less than that.
5.0 : Great professor! gives good interesting lectures take notes because everything Dr. Coomes says in lectures is what is on the test. 2 essay that are very easy and mid-term and final pretty easy. just show up to class attendance counts!  I will definitely take this class again if I could!
5.0 : She is a great professor! I love her style of teaching and she always made class very interesting! I would take her again! The class was very socializing and she made everyone feel comfortable. Thank you Dr. Coomes!
4.0 : Dr. Coomes is a good teacher, heavy lectures. I took women's studies 10 and found it very boring. It was strictly about women's history. Attend class,  &amp; participate.
3.0 : This was one of the most annoying classes ever.  There are so many writing assignments. They're short which is not bad  but you can't double space.  She's also an easy grader and very accepting of any you say in class which was nice. Over all I learned interesting stuff  but I just hated this class. So boring
5.0 : Mary Coomes is one of the kindest &amp; sweetest professors. Her lectures are interesting but the atmosphere of the class can be very quiet at times. There are 4 discussion agendas and 3 case studies which are super easy but the only thing is she wants everything written in single space but for me it wasn't a problem. Easy A. Just do the work!
4.0 : Extremely nice teacher, she did lectures all off of powerpoints. She was very accessible outside of class for help or discussions.
4.0 : She's a great professor although her lectures are long &amp; boring. She's really nice too &amp; accepts late work. She does take attendance occasionally too. I bought the textbook but I rarely read. Her notes in class is a big help!! Do not miss the notes cause it's not up on BB. 2 essays, midterm &amp; final. Midterm is worth more than finals!
4.5 : Basically online -- chapter T/F checkpoints (can always get 100 on) &amp; quizzes (try up to 3x per question). Go to class only for questions; he'll go over the material and some quiz questions in class. 2 case studies and 3 tests with study guides like the tests. Also EC towards the end. He'll answer any question you ask. Nice guy, easy boring class
4.0 : Waterman is a great guy but a whatsoever instructor. He is very helpful but his lectures are confusing and hard to follow. 3 tests, 2 easy case studies, hw reading and quiz for each chapter. Attendance is not mandatory, everything is pretty much online. Not a tough class but not easy either. Overall I would recommend taking his class.
4.5 : Great professor!!! Three tests, and easy. He gave us practice test for each. Three papers - Case study, he will give you questions and you have to answer them-. HW and quizzes for each chapter. He curves the points, and gives EC.   However, you must read the text and understand the concept to gen an A. Otherwise, it is easy.
3.0 : Attendance wasn't mandatory. His lectures are boring and put me to sleep. Everything was online (Books, homework, quizzes) so I had to learn everything myself. 3 tests, 3 easy case studies. If you are an econ major, I would recommend taking a different professor.
4.5 : Vang was a cool TA. You just have to watch the instructional videos at home so you don't have to struggle when doing experiments. He helps you out if you have any questions, just don;t be afraid to ask.
4.0 : Mr. Vang chem 1A lab is pretty easy unless you finish the homework and experiment everything done. Make sure you do good on your homework you will get easy A in his class. He is an easy grade. Must do homework. He is super funny and weird sometime. You will like him after you go to his class. Ask help, don't be scare. Prepare before go lab.
3.0 : Overall, the class was okay. He is pretty lenient about late work and gives the class an opportunity to improve quiz scores. He never knew what lab material we were doing for the day and seemed lost when students had a question about how to do the material. Some students tried really hard when doing the work, but I feel like he barely glanced at it
3.0 : Justin is cool. The course is not. After semester ends, grades are "normalized" so our grades drop by one letter. Lab is not easy, study and know your material.
5.0 : One of the best TAs for chem. He's really clear and really cool guy. If you did bad on the test, talk with him and he'll ask you to correct your answer and explain to him what and where did you do wrong. If you get it wrong, he'll give you hints and show you how to do it properly and if you get it right he'll give you some points for it.
5.0 : Not too fixated on deadlines. Let's you earn half points for missed questions on quizzes as long as you prove you understand the material. Quizzes are mostly from book/experiments including pre-lab. Show up, do the experiments, turn in the hw/lab reports and it's an A. Would definitely take again!
4.0 : Memorable professor. Energetic, positive attitude. Grades on the tougher side, but very approachable for remediation.  She likes to do mini group work discussions. Taking notes is a must but despite the dryness of historically dated readings, she somehow makes them fun and entertaining. I highly recommend her and would happily take her again.
3.5 : Good discussions. Don't buy all of the books on the materials list, bc she will probably cancel some Buy them as you are assigned to read them. Messy syllabus, not all assignments are there Her exams are hard, there are trick questions Hard to get an A She expects a lot out of her students. She can be funny-cool but also very sarcastic. Sit in back
4.0 : Very nice and caring professor. We read 4 books, had easy quizzes on 2 of them. Midterm, final, and Essay Responses throughout the semester. All of which were not that bad, she gives you a lot to work with and multiple quotes to use. Very in-depth lecturer that shows the diversity within books. We had class online sometimes. Amazing professor!
4.5 : Awesome professor, super cool and encourages class discussion. Open to student interpretations of the readings.  Passionate about the subject matter. Fun class with a great atmosphere. Only complaint, 2 papers were squished into the last two weeks of the semester. Class is required for English majors, if you can take it with her, then do it.
4.0 : She's a great instructor, passes out handouts. From not taking  a math course for more than 3 yrs, I did very well. I highly recommend taking her if you have trouble with math.
4.0 : She is helpful. Good professional manners.
4.0 : She is extremely helpful and kind. Good handouts and posts. You need to listen to get use to her.
4.0 : Had Prime for DS 73 &amp; 123. Best prof! No hw (except 3-4 labs). Prints PPT &amp; exercises for you in class. Gives tutorial for labs. Gives study guide w/ what PPT sections &amp; exercises to review. 2 cheatsheets for exams and 4 for final (front/back). Super easy if you pay attention in class, especially when she summarizes all the formulas on board
5.0 : Her accent is very strong but you get used to it. Other than that she lets you use notes on the tests and her lectures explain the chapters perfectly. I would take this professor again if i had the choice.
5.0 : highly recommend this professor. She lets you make your own cheat sheets for all exams and finals to use during every exam.  No homework, just easy labs on excel and some exams. take her!
4.0 : She has a heavy accent, but you get used to it quickly. She was highly organized and knows the material well and also executes delivery of the material. She is a great teacher.
5.0 : She's awesome! Her accent is super strong and she's a bit sarcastic, but what a great teacher. She is very clear with her lectures, and does her best to make sure students understand. Only 3 tests total including final (cheat sheets included), 3 labs, 1 quiz, and some surprise in class assignments. Highly recommend this teacher for DS 123.
4.0 : Accent is very tough for the 1st 2-3 weeks of class. U get used to her pronunciations. She provides lecture PP printouts, examples, and they are similar to the test. I didn't use my book. Every test, she let us use cheat sheets, with 4 at the end of the semester. Save them! Go to her office hours. She is very nice, and willing 2 help. COME 2 CLASS!
5.0 : hmmmm, how should I put this? If you don't take her and you suck at math, you'll regret it. She makes it so easy I'm surprised people don't all get A's. Serious, take her for the easiest class of your math life.
5.0 : She and her class were awesome!! You do not need to be a Crim or a Psych major. She taught things that can be applied in your personal and business life.
5.0 : she is awesome teacher. very helpful. return to email soon. very kind. you should take her class
5.0 : NO TESTS, BUT YOU DO HAVE TO SHOW UP TO EARN ATTENDANCE AND PARTICIPPATION POINTS. CLASS IS MOSTLY DISCUSSION SUPER EASY.
3.5 : Fairly easy class! Professor is great, she's clear about her expectations and helpful when you need it. Assignments are a little time consuming, but very useful for your well being and self esteem.
4.5 : Great Teacher! Gives Really useful information about Wine marketing and business and genuinely cares about his students and career! Lab hours include volunteering at different events, its a lot of fun and great experience.
4.0 : Professor Jennifer was an amazing teacher. She gives us tests every other day about chapters she covers in her lectures. The tests are 10 questions on blackboard and are really easy. She gives 3 exams that are in class and one online. Her lectures are relatable and very interesting.
5.0 : Ms. Chipperfield is a GREAT professor! I had her for Three Course this semester and I'm very glad I did. She is very outgoing and helpful! She genuinely cares about her students and how well they are succeeding in her class. If a question on a test was not clear, she is more then willing to give everyone credit for it. Her classes were enjoyable!
4.0 : She is an amazing teacher. Her lectures were more like class discussions, making them more interesting.  Her test are really hard. You have to watch for the wording. We had a group project that i was not very fond of. We had to teach the class about whatever chapter in the book, but not teach from the book. We also had a 7 pg paper about it
5.0 : She's a great professor with a great personality! She's always willing to help and she explains everything easily. Her class is based off lectures (which are the textbook readings summarized), 4 tests, 5 small reports, and quizzes. We had to do quizzes online since iClicker wasn't working for her. Overall great class and great professor!
2.0 : Class has 7 exams and daily I-clicker quizzes. For some tests you will get a study guide others you will not. Professor does not always do what she says she will. Told the class we would be given a study guide for the final then got lazy and did not give us one.
5.0 : Great GE class. Very insightful &amp; informational if you've never taken a CFS class. Chipperfield is great, she makes an effort to get to know her students and encourages discussion during class. 3 exams, 5 news research papers (about 2 pages each), 1 quiz per chapter on Bb (14 total), and the final. Might sound like a lot, but nothing too difficult.
5.0 : Chipperfield is a real gem overall! She included a lot of real-life examples in her lectures which were very helpful. There are 4 tests, 10+ quizzes, and 7 papers (about 1.5 pages each and spread throughout the semester) which are all easy IF you try! She is very understanding and helpful if you don't understand something. Definitely recommend her!
3.0 : Class consisted of mainly groups giving presentations every class. She does not really teach, just repeats what is in the book. There are 4 or 5 tests plus the final, one paper, and a group project. Overall, pretty easy class.
4.5 : 4 papers total: Three of those are 3-4pgs length covering different prompts, the last fourth one is an autobiography answering certain questions. 4th paper needed to pass. Reading is for your own knowledge. No quizzes, exams, or a final (only those 4 papers). There's 1 group project. Chill class. Participate to get the best experience!
5.0 : Dakota is a great instructor and I am so glad I took her SW 123 course. She has a rich background and is full of inspirational stories. She has a great sense of humor which made the, otherwise very boring, lectures fun. A couple of papers, a group presentation, few quizzes, midterm and a final (ALL OPEN BOOK). If you get the chance to take her, DO!
4.0 : Easy 2-4 page papers. Shares a lot of important information. and watch 2 movies through the semester. and a 6 page essay can be shorter. Easy A.
5.0 : Dakota is a great person and professor. There are 4 papers total, the longest being 8-10 pages. There are no quizzes and no homework assignments. Show up to class because attendance is taken. Overall a really great class!
5.0 : Dakota was a great professor! She tries to make her classroom a safe environment where everybody can express their opinions. She was a fairly easy grader and she really is passionate about her work. She also offers a lot of extra credit for attending events outside of class.
5.0 : Dakota has to the most inspiring and easiest professor I have taken as an undergrad! We didn't do too much power point lectures, did mostly group discussions, had 4 VERY easy papers and Dakota offered loads of extra credit! Book is necessary! Used it on the papers and group discussions.
4.0 : Pretty easy class. She grades on a point system, so it's a little easier to pass. There are 3 exams, group paper/project and a final group project. Participation and punctuality do matter, especially when there is a guest speaker. Exam questions come from lecture, videos, and guest speakers. Make sure you get the group projects done early!
4.5 : she's awesome! has a lot of guest speakers! 4 quizzes, 1 midterm paper topic of your choice, 1 final interview paper!! easy course!
5.0 : Amazing professor. She's very funny and welcoming. Makes the class fun. 2 essays (midterm and final), one comprehensive exam, and one presentation for the final. Fair grader. You learn a lot of useful information in this class. Love Love Love Shanel, amazing professor!
4.5 : Dr. Berber is by far one of the most well liked professors in the Geomatics Engineering program. With this being said, he is funny, helpful, and he emphasizes helping out the students, especially with the class size being so small in Geomatics. Overall, you will have fun in this class, just show up, do your labs,  and pay attention in lecture.
4.0 : The final exam is easy, he provided a studyguide. If u put in the effort in the lecture example problems &amp; lab problems he's willing to help &amp; pass u. He's very likable &amp; patient with u if u are having a hard time. He provides a healthy &amp; happy learning environment in his class room and field.
4.0 : He is very funny and kind to his students. Attendance isn't mandatory to pass, but he does grade it. Had him to a graduate writing course, gave excellent feedback in a timely manner.
5.0 : Easy grader, I loved her class. No final exam only what you do in class, no tests either as long as you turn in the reading material
4.5 : So basically class is based off of group work. 1 big project with group, and then weekly folders that get turned in that are so easy. Also you have like 3 papers that are all easy too if you do the activities. She's very nice and has cool stories. definitely take this class.
5.0 : Ms. Wynveen is amazing! Extremely inspirational and caring. There are no tests and no final, just a grading contract due at the end of the semester which is based off trust. Once you finish the amount of homework due, you're done for the year. There are 2 easy two-page papers and 1 group presentation, but its hard to get anything less than 100
5.0 : She is great! Very inspiring woman. Loved her class. One group project(basically your grade), Few one page essays, Weekly reading drawings, and weekly journals (your opinions on the lectures) Very easy class to pass. Each class session was an eye opener. Definitely take her !
5.0 : Absolutely loved this class! Grade based on weekly folders and a group project. But no final or tests!
3.5 : Grade is basically a group project. Weekly folderschedule that need to be turned in and at the end you check if you did them all and if you did, you get all the credit. You'll need the books to do the assignmentsame. She tries to get guest speakers. No exams or tests.
5.0 : Ms. Wynveen is one of the spunkiest, most inspirational professors I've met. She is comfortable enough with her disability to talk and joke about it, so it really helps us to understand that living with a disability doesn't mean you can't live a full life.  We just read &amp; drew mind maps for a chapter from two textbooks each week + a group project.
5.0 : Amazing Professor! Makes everyone laugh and keeps us on our toes. Love her lectures and the class material are inspirational and enlightening. Wish there were more Professors like her!
5.0 : very easy class, a lot of busy work but easy to pass. class is cancelled often and its not necessary to go to every lecture to pass. once you earn enough points you turn in your grade sheet and you don't have to show up again.
3.0 : She's honestly a great professor she tells a lot of personal stories that are really inspirational there are NO test or quizes just a group project at the end of the semester. We do turn in things weekly that are super easy
5.0 : I love her! Really enjoyed class!
5.0 : Professor Wynveen is amazing.  I enjoyed her class because it was eye opening and interesting. you have weekly reading assignments, but those are easy and 1 group presentation on a disability.  This class is easy to pass as long as you do the work she is a fun person to talk to and is great when it comes to bringing in guest speakers. Take her!
5.0 : Jenn is awesome. The class is a guaranteed A as long as you show up and do the work. The journals are a tad tedious, but otherwise a very easy class. Her lectures are engaging, funny and she has a great attitude. There is a big group project/presentation but it's not too brutal.
5.0 : Had her when it was her very first semester (along with my 1st semester as well) at FSU and absolutely couldn't have had a better experience. She's an amazing professor and makes the subject very fun and interesting to learn. Wouldn't have asked for a better professor to learn ASL 1 from!
5.0 : The professor is very clear in what she wants for her assignments. The class is very straightforward and this is the first professor I decided to actually write a review on because I liked her so much. She's very understanding and gives very nice feedback when I email her.
5.0 : Dr. J is the perfect teacher for beginning ASL. You "learn by immersion"  because she's not oral (doesn't talk), though she's very clear &amp; uses written English to help you understand. Attend every class to learn and practice firsthand. Don't bother getting the textbook, just practice with a classmate and check blackboard regularly for assignments.
5.0 : Ms. Okafor was a really nice professor. She was very understanding and graded reasonably. Her class was very fun to take. Ms. Okafor is up to date with all of the trends and issues that are going around.  When she tells you to read, read the material because it will be discussed during the lecture. I would take again!!
4.0 : I enjoyed class with her. She was fair and she was straight forward. Very helpful. Freshman that are incoming need her !!!!!!
5.0 : If you know your basic math you will pass this class with no problem. If you are happy with your grade by the end of the semester he will let you skip the final and if you want to better your grade you have option of taking the final and substituting it for the lower test score you have. He is really funny but don't be absent.
5.0 : Mr. Allen was one of the best math teachers I have had, he makes math fun. Although class is not mandatory, you will want to go anyway because the pace of the class goes fast and his lectures are very clear and helpful. If I could take him for all my math courses I would! He is the best and the only professor worth rating.
5.0 : He's an awesome professor. Attendance isn't mandatory, but unless you're amazing at basic math and remember everything I promise you won't pass if you skip his lectures. He's a pretty chill guy, and he's funny. He's an excellent professor who wants you to succeed. Participate in his class.
5.0 : Prof. De La Cruz was an amazing professor.
5.0 : At first I was nervous for taking a foreign language class but the professor made the class fun. I earned my A. She offers extra credit.
5.0 : She is a SUPER AWESOME instructor!! She offers extra credits, which really boost your grade. Homework is to upload a Instagram post weekly, that could be 3-5 sentences. There are two compositions, two midterms, one final, group presentations and video project. I got full credit on both compositions, presenations and video project. She is the best!!
4.5 : His class was my favorite! Tyler was a really chill dude. He's informal and he's easy to get along with. He understands students and is very respectful. The grading criteria for the class was pretty basic and you don't have to stress out about delivering an over-the-top spectacle of a speech. Your have to make an effort to fail his class.
5.0 : Tyler is so chill, he's clear in explaining his lectures, understands the student's needs and is there for you to pass the class with ease. The three speeches aren't tough at all and you get to know everyone in class so it feels comfortable. The book is helpful and so is he. Gives extra credit but you wont need it.
5.0 : Professor Gidney is awesome! Really easy going guy and easy grader too! He isn't too hard. He does give good feedback after every presentation. I highly recommend everyone, who hasn't Communication yet, to take him.
3.0 : Thermodynamics is a hard class, take it with eldeeb he is a very fair grader, do all your homework and be there for the quizes and you will do fine. I plan to take him again for another ME class
5.0 : he has very unique way to teach the material, he does a lot of practice, i am a senior student and he is the best professor in CSU Fresno i was thought by many teachers and he is the best
5.0 : one of the best in csuFresno
4.5 : He works hard, You just need to attend and participate. You will learn a lot from his class. He is always willing to help all his students in all matters all the time.
5.0 : He explains the material very well, and make sure no one leaves the class without any confusion. One class a week is for giving the lecture, and the other class is for problem solving + small quiz. He gives homework every week. Understand the homework, and you will pass his exams. I didn't use the book, since I study from his lecture notes.
5.0 : He seems very strict about his rules. You can't show up late! However, he is one of the greatest teachers in Fresno State and you'll learn from his lectures. Just don't worry about your grade because you will earn it for just doing the required work. Never regretted taking his classes.
5.0 : Do the homework and attend classes frequently and make sure to do the clicker quizzes. The exams are based on the homeworks so you can pass this class easily.
5.0 : Heasley is amazing! Makes class enjoyable and she really cares about her students. If you are afraid of presenting this class will definitely help you. Take her! She is the BEST.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class. As far as the teacher goes, if you do the work, you'll do fine. She is willing to go the distance as long as you are willing to work and do your best. She made this class a lot of fun!
5.0 : she is the best professor. it is an easy class as long as you do your part. there will be presentations and essay. it is not hard. if you have question, ask because she will be happy to help. someone you can talk too. funny, cool, awesome. you will love her.
5.0 : Ms. Heasley is a joy to be around. She has the ability to get everyone involved &amp; enjoy whatever we are doing. She genuinely cares about her students. She hates tests. She's funny and tries to get to know each student. She gives great lectures &amp; feedback. 2 or 3 presentations, 15 hrs community service, 2 tests, 1 paper. NO slackers-peer evaluations
5.0 : Ms heasley was AMAZING!! Such a fun, passionate teacher! Really helped me with my fear of speaking! She is very helpful and made class so enjoyable!
5.0 : Amazing teacher and cares for her student. As long as you do your work, you should be fine. She makes the class super fun and loves engaging with her students.
5.0 : Heasley is an AMAZING professor. She really cares about her students and how well you do in her class. She does her best to be available to assist students when needed. Her lectures are very interactive and fun, the material is still communicated very well.
5.0 : A very lovely person! I took interpersonal communication with her, it was very fun! Definitely gonna miss this class.
5.0 : She's a great teacher who loves what she teaches and ger students!
4.5 : Intimidating at first but he warms quickly He expects hard workers and calls out slackers He is extremely knowledgeable and makes sure everyone understands the lecture He s helpful will work with you better keep up with the reading His tests are thorough not easy but doable if you study hard My first year at Fresno State easily my favorite so far
4.0 : 3 tests and 1 paper (12 pages required, YES 12). Each worth 25% of the final grade. Must be ready to read or else don't expect to pass the tests.
5.0 : This class is easy. It's just that a lot of the material given isn't correlated to the quizzes or tests. You're better off looking online for answers or the book. The powerpoints and notes given don't help. One 2000 word essay and 2 tests. Modules have a quiz and 5 question homework assignment. Easy A. She doesn't respond to emails fast either.
3.0 : I think her class is confusing, she hardly replies to e-mails. Quizzes, 1 essay (2,000) words. 3 exams. I had to try for this class and I feel like she could have been more helpful. Try taking a course in class and not online.
4.0 : Just do weekly modules and turn in work on time. Easy class. Good professor.
4.0 : She's okay. Her study guide for each module was excessive and only very few of them corelates with the textbook so when I studied I read each chapter and made my own notes and I understood and received better grades that way.
4.0 : The quizzes were tough, but he makes the content relevant to real life. Show up to class and take notes!
5.0 : Tom is a fantastic professor. His lectures are very clear and he won't move on unless your understanding is clear. Attendance is mandatory! Not a tough grader, but be prepared to work. He is passionate about what he is teaching, which makes the class much more interesting. I learned a lot.
5.0 : Awesome teacher, extremely nice person. Makes her lectures personable. Study for tests, but she tells you exactly what will be on them. About 5 writing assignments throughout the semester but are very easy. Would take Mrs. Henson again.
5.0 : Extremely hard class. Make sure you go to every class and memorize basically all of your notes. Try to get old tests from old students, studying those helps so much. Lab points can impact your grade a lot. Amazing teacher, learned so much. Good luck!
4.0 : Mrs. Henson was very clear in expectations. There are three writing assignments which are a breeze and one group final. Beware of group work! The tests are fair and she grades fairly. I would take Henson again.
3.0 : If you are an animal science major you have to take this course with her. Lectures are long and you MUST study for this course to pass. If you do awesome on your test then you don't have to take the final. Make sure you know everything on her power points because basically everything is on her test. Awesome professor and would take this class again
4.5 : Cosby is a very interesting teacher, very young and fun to listen to. You will discuss many popular news topics, specifically about how media is effecting society. A couple long papers, but you do brainstorming activities to help. Final portfolio for final of essay you previously wrote. Easy A if you do all your work, would take again!
4.0 : He's a pretty chill and gives great feedback! Make sure you show up to class though because activities and free writes help you out in the long run! We barely used the textbook so if you can figure out a way to get the readings from a classmate I recommend it.  (He also gave us pizza on the last day)
5.0 : Gabe is a great instructor. He brings energy to every class and is a relatable guy.
4.0 : Professor Masoodis an awesome professor, he gives long lectures sometimes he will go on and on about the subject so you want to take notes. He requires the book but honestly if you follow class and study before the tests and you should be good.
5.0 : Professor Masood is AWESOME!!! Great guy and hella smart. The class had a  writing assignment, 2 midterms and a final.  I definitely recommend taking him!
4.0 : Very kind and caring teacher, super unbiased and knows what he's talking about. Class is based off 2 midterms, 1 final, 1 paper, and attendance. Does give extra credit if you attend classes for them. Uses something called Tophat. Study guides are helpful but you have to read the book.
3.0 : Easy class. He's a good teacher and you can tell he's passionate about politics. You need the book because some test questions come from the book. 2 midterms and a final. Also 1 paper that is super easy. Uses topcoat to record attendance so be sure to go to class!
5.0 : great professor,
5.0 : An incredibly unbiased political science professor. He taught nothing but facts and did a great job with accommodating to the class. Tests are straight forward and lectures are very educational.
5.0 : Very professional and unbiased political science professor. Tries his best to accommodate students and keep the class' attention on the material. Occasional witty/funny remark here and there. Thorough lectures, often reviews material from the previous lecture. Writing assignment was a letter to an official. Soft, monotone voice, easy to fall asleep
5.0 : Professor Masood is great! His Lectures were interesting and he helped me a ton. Overall the class consisted of 2 midterms and 1 final. Both of his midterms were extremely easy and he gave lots of extra credit. I got an A by studying his notes before each exam. My favorite professor yet.
5.0 : He was so awesome, you won't regret having him as a professor! You are expected to read the textbook but if you study and go to class you should do fine. His lectures are interesting and you learn a lot of valuable information.
4.0 : 2 midterms, 1 final. 1 paper (letter to congress member- easy). MUST go to class (takes attendance thru tophat) &amp; READ THE BOOK if you want to do well on tests. His best qualities: caring &amp; unbiased. His tests arent the easiest but if you pay attention &amp; read, you should do fine(practice qs end up on test so go to review session).
4.0 : Not many assignments to be graded. The policy letter was beyond easy and attend every class you get a 100 for attendance but miss more than 3 you will not have a good attendance grade. Tests are somewhat difficult especially if you do not read. Does not cancel class often and lectures the entire time. Do not expect to get out early.
4.0 : Dr Masood is very passionate about his subject. Not a lot of homework, 1 big project, 1 final exam, tons of reading. The material isn't easy at all but he is very helpful and willing to go above/beyond to aid you, take advantage of that! He offers extra credit that I recommend doing, each is a whole % on your overall grade.
5.0 : Dr. Masood is a gem- I enjoyed his class. He is super knowledgeable &amp; very enthusiastic about teaching. Final grade consists of a few papers, a presentation, and a final that can be substituted with an additional paper. Dr. Masood is very accessible by email &amp; in person- he has an open door policy whenever he is in his office. Amazing professor.
5.0 : Professor Nguyen is one of the best teacher I've had at FS. His course isn't necessarily difficult, it's the material. He is very thorough with his lectures and doesn't like leaving his student confused. He's a funny guy and very young, basically a student but a genius in Finance all at the same time. Tests are difficult but he grades on a curve.
5.0 : Dr. Nguyen is an amazing professor. He helps you out in class on both homework and labs. If he does help you out you in class he wont answer your questions during office hours, which i feel is fair simply because he basically walks you though everything. overall he's a great professor and i really suggest taking finance with him
4.0 : Great Professor! He is very young looking. He grades fair. The material for the class is tough but if you go to class, pay attention, practice the homework questions you can pass the class. Professor is very patient and wants students to ask questions. He stops frequently on important topics to make sure students understand the material.
5.0 : Tests are tough if you do not study and actually understand the material but he does a great job explaining the material. Very welcoming to questions and does not make you feel dumb for asking to repeat anything. Allows one sheet of notes for exams. Almost got me to want to change majors if he only taught more classes needed for this major.
4.0 : He's a really great educator and really really wants his students to pass so he doesn't see them again. The lectures given are always on to the point and he goes over the concepts and materials really well. Tests are both qualitative and quantitative deriving from HW problems and lectures (tests were hard though in my opinion).
5.0 : Professor Nguyen is definitely one of my favorite professors not only because of his (slightly corny) jokes but also because he wants his students to pass and his efforts reflect that. He tries to ensure everyone understands the lesson, and he is great at giving clear answers to question. I also find his knowledge on investments admirable.
5.0 : Nice guy. Very forgiving. You don't have to come to class, but definitely be prepared to study.
4.0 : Professor is very young . Material is tough but this is the professor to take. Really cares that students pass. He is very calm and wants students to speak up when stuck. Tests are difficult- professor allows one sheet of notes per exam. If you don't study the hw and labs it will get tough. He is nice and best finance professor at Fresno State.
4.0 : The book is necessary for the 3 homework assignments. When I took him he lead us step by step through his labs. His tests are tough so make sure you study the homework and labs. Keep good record of your stock-trak project, because he will go over it in class. He is very approachable and is more than willing to answer any questions you have.
3.0 : I just wish sometimes she would slow down, I felt at times she would rush through material just to get through it and didn't make sure if we understood it. She gives study guides a day before the test, which I hated, but does allow one page cheat sheets on tests. Group projects (2). HW is easy and can get a lot of extra credit from it.
5.0 : Great  professor, the class is not bad at all, use her study guide before each test and make sure you review her optional quizzes online before the test (sometimes questions carry over from that to the test). Overall I think she really wants all her students to do well and pass so don't stress about this class. Some extra credit is offered too!
4.5 : A new teacher, and she is extremely easy. It feels like a student is teaching the class, so it's an open environment. She gives a study guide, and extra credit. You can get a max of 45 points as EC. Attendance is not mandatory at the time, but may change. Please treat her with respect. I would hate to see a nice teacher go bad.
5.0 : Do all Learnsmarts &amp; HW for some extra credit. HW is easy. Lectures come from the book but have helpful graphs. 2 group presentations - she picks groups &amp; grades tough on that. Study guides &amp; quizzes for most exams; quizzes are most like the exams. 1 cheat sheet (front/back) for exams. Printed the review PPT slides (multiple front/back) for final.
5.0 : Super cool and chill. Very easy to pass. Plenty of extra credit.
5.0 : Great instructor for accounting! She breaks everything down and answers questions quickly and efficiently. Work is not difficult. She goes over everything in class. You're allowed a study guide on all tests. She's there to help you.
4.0 : 4 tests, 2 papers, 10 pop quizzes (short), a final; attendance is a must! Is very passionate about what she teaches, very knowledgeable. Acknowledges the material is hard. Has an easy going sense of humor. A little fast during lecture, but has online powerpoints. Welcomes questions and discussion. If you read, study, and attend, you will pass.
3.0 : Wilhite is a great professor, she is nice and continues cracking jokes all through class even when no one laughs. She gives tons of extra credit which is needed because lectures contain so much information that the test end up being hard. Her two paper assignments are easy!
3.0 : 3/5 because while the material wasn't hard, it does seem useless to study it since attendance points count for as much as your 2 midterms. So getting A's on both tests but not showing up will guarantee you fail. Over-enthusiastic, so if you aren't into that I wouldn't recommend her. Popquiz every week on material you need to read b4 she teaches it.
4.5 : Four exams, two long papers, one final, and 10 questions summaries.  Chelsea is a good professor, she really cares about her students and she wants them to succeed. Go to class, do your questions, and study for the exams and you should do just fine.
5.0 : Awesome Professor! This class does contain a lot of content but as long as you study you will be fine. 4 tests, 2 papers, 10 quizzes, and a final. Attendance is a must since she gives out 8 points for each lecture.  I found the first two tests to be a little challenging but I managed to earn an A in the class.
4.0 : Great at lecturing, very enthusiastic. The materials are hard because there are so many definition and people to remember. Must read book. Lecture fast. 4 midterm, 1 final, 2 (2000 word) essay of an assigned book (not textbook). 10 short essay questions assigned before each chapters. A lot of work, but easy grader, so don't miss those easy points.
5.0 : Read the chapters before hand, the powerpoint are online. Attendance will make or break your grade so go! If this isn't your major I wouldn't recommend very handsy on everything and there is a lot of detail for everything!
4.0 : She is a very entertaining professor who knows her stuff. There are daily quizzes so you have to go to class. Quizzes are very difficult but tests aren't that bad. She makes a boring subject a little less boring.
4.0 : Awesome professor who shows great interest and excitement in the material that she teaches. The biggest problems that I had with her class were pop quizzes, participation points (attendance), and the cumulitive final. Bought the book, but only needed PPT's. Other than that it was a good class, just be sure to look over the powerpoint before class.
3.0 : This class has a lot of content (people, practices, beliefs, ect). She goes through ppts fast and does not explain very well. 8 participation points everyday so you have to attend class not to mention 10 popquizzes. 2 essays, 4 exams and 200pt cumulative final. But there is extra credit! Not too bad but would recommend Harris for 182.
5.0 : This professor was excellent. Everything was laid out in the syllabus (Reading, Quizzes, Tests), so as long as that is followed, and you put in effort, you should receive a good grade. She was very open to questions, was extremely helpful to the students that frequently participated, and very knowledge on the subject.
5.0 : She knows the material for sure. She has her own firm for building bridges so she know practical stuff. A lot of homework which are easy and have to be done exactly as she wants. Tests are OK not super easy though. Overall she is great
5.0 : Mrs. G is awesome. She definitely knows her stuff. She goes back to the basic and keeps everything easy to understand and to follow her on the lectures. As long as you do the practice problem she gives you, you will be fine in the midterms. She gets them straight from there. So do them all.
5.0 : My favorite teacher in the engineering department so far. She is so easy to talk to and her classes fly by because she gives great lectures and keeps everyone engaged. Highly recommend her for any course!
1.0 : She is the worst teacher i've had in my 16 years in school hands down. She is a teacher that wants to see who will fail and only wants the worthy to go on rather then trying to help everybody.
5.0 : The best teacher Ive had in all my years. She is very informative and since a bunch of people got caught cheating on the tests, she still was fair and kind. If given a chance to take her class, please do yourself a favor and get her as a teacher.
3.5 : Weekly online homework. Three exams, including final, not comprehensive but no study guides. A little bit of a boring subject but he tries to make it more interesting. Attendance isn't mandatory but it helps  with the online homework. Usually lectures a little over 2 hours but not the full 2 hours and 50 minutes
5.0 : Great Proffesor. Has a sense of humor. He really cares for his students and will slow down and answer all questions if needed. Weekly homework online. Three exams no study guides. Attendance is not mandatory.
5.0 : He's great. Very funny. 1 class a week, he keeps you for a little past 2 hours, not the full time. The 3 test are curved and pretty easy. Weekly online hw that takes around 30 mins to do. 1 very easy 1000 word essay. He's a  very down to earth guy and the class isn't that hard at all if you use common sense. He also tells some pretty funny stories.
4.0 : Well he is only a TA so don't know how long he'll be there but if you get the chance to take him, highly recommended.  lab class was chill but you still had to study.  Not an easy lab but put work in and you'll do well.  if you're wondering who to take, go with this dude.
4.5 : He is an excellent teacher, helps you understand the material. I got A in bio IB and this class require hard work on memorization. He will give you full credit if you complete the work, which helps your grade a lot at the end. I would recommend him in bio 1b lab.
4.0 : Very easy class. She does a lot of participation points and quizzes at the beginning of class for each chapter so attendance is mandatory. All exams are online, including the final. She is very passionate about what she teaches. A little difficult to understand but you get used to it.
4.0 : Very knowledgable instructor. Definitely learned a lot in the class. She can come off as strict but she is nice. I recommend reading textbook chapters before attending her lectures so it makes sense. She likes class participation so don't be scared to speak up.  Overall she is very reasonable and I would take her again if given the chance.
5.0 : I added this class 3 wks in &amp; she was very patient, lenient, &amp; helpful with getting me up to speed w/ the class. She has an accent, but is pretty easy to understand is really funny &amp; personable. There's quite a bit of homework, but it's not too bad. Shes a great professor &amp; would recommend taking her!
4.0 : You can tell she is very knowledgeable and passionate through her lectures. You have to read the chapter before you come to lecture because she quizzes you at the beginning of each one. Homework is easy and midterms are online. I would highly recommend taking her class, just be willing to put the effort in and you'll get an A.
5.0 : He's a great teacher. His instructions are easy to understand. I like statistics more because of him. Recommended class with him for social sciences graduate students.
4.0 : Dr. Tran is such a great professor. His lectures are clear and to the point. He likes to help his student understand the material and succeed in his class. He likes it when you ask questions and stop by his office hours. Calculus is hard but he makes it easy! I recommend taking him for calc.  No graded homework, just weekly quizzes, 3 mts, 1 final.
5.0 : Dr. Tran is an amazing professor, he's very friendly, caring, and respected by all the students. He clearly knows the material and can relay that information perfectly to the students. He's reliable outside of classes as well, he responds quickly to emails, is helpful during office hours. Not a hard professor, just a hard topic (atleast for me)
5.0 : Dr. Tran is a very friendly professor. Very easy class. Weekly quizzes, but they're really simple. Gives weekly homework, but it's not due until Sunday. The only thing I didn't like was that he doesn't write the exams. The exams are harder than what we learn in class. They're not too hard, but for sure study.
5.0 : Tran is amazing and I am sad that he won't be my Calc 2 professor. As long as you go to class, take notes, ask questions, you can definitely pass this class. When grading test, even if you get it wrong, he doesn't give you no credit. No multiple choice, all write in test and quiz. He cracks jokes and makes class enjoyable.
5.0 : Jennifer is an amazing professor! She assigns some of the best essays you will ever read. Possibly one of the most educational, yet relaxing classes I have ever taken. If you get the chance to take a class with her, do it!
5.0 : Very long  class but, the lecture was organized and interesting. There are online quizzes every week but don't worry they are relatively easy. Try not to miss any classes because he basically gives you easy points in class. As long as you study your notes during class and study off that, exams are okay. Overall he's very helpful and friendly.
5.0 : Easy A as long as you meet him half way and participate.  Lots of class activities for easy points. Weekly online quizzes and 3 Multiple choice tests that are not difficult as long as you study. Lectures are clear and easy to understand. He is always willing to help and takes interest in his students success. Overall, very good teacher!
4.0 : Ag food policy class is a required upper division course and as long as you read you'll be fine on quizzes and tests. He also gives study guides for exams of which there are only 2, a midterm and a final. There's also a 5 page research paper on an agriculture issue.
5.0 : Tim is very passionate about media and technology altogether and he does his best to engage students with the various topics discussed in class, which was pretty interesting! You'll learn a lot with how media and technology changes things socially, economically, and so forth. There are 2 essays and 2 tests; the tests are take home &amp; open notes!
5.0 : Amazing instructor that loves what he teaches! Great personality and always wanting students in put! Take home midterm and final with two paper over the semester. Wish I was a MCJ major to take him again! Learned a lot over the semester! Plus pleasant to look at :) Also doesn't require a textbook!! Must take for upper division people!
5.0 : Great teacher!  He is very helpful and accommodating to busy schedules. I would definitely recommend him.
4.0 : Easy to communicate with, younger and more relatable than older professors. Is professional but also has a good time in class with students, makes jokes, laughs when students make jokes. Assignments aren't difficult. Great prof
4.0 : Serina is a good professor, she is there to help out if you are confused. She is pretty average and she isn't too strict on you. She will assign packets of homework so try not to do it at the last minute.
4.5 : Grades were based on three tests (one being the final), two mini-lessons, two lesson plans, and attendance for the lab. Clear on what he wants on the lesson plan and clear on what he expects in the lessons, constant movement. Great class and great instructor. Definitely recommend.  Attendance only mandatory for lab!!!
5.0 : 2 mini lessons &amp; lesson plans. Test questions are from powerpoint slides. Lab attendance is mandatory. Gives you the opportunity to rewrite papers to improve your grade. Gives extra credit. Definitely  recommend  this class.
5.0 : Contrary to what the previous review said, Alex's first language is English. He is a great instructor, and is very respectful.
5.0 : Really Great. Would Take A Class Again.
5.0 : Ms. Salves Is A Great Professor, Her Class Is Very Interesting. She Makes Notes Very Clear And Is Very Helpful. She Reviews For Quizzes And Test.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have had at State. She is very nice and does her best to make sure everyone passes with an A. There is an 1,500 word essay, team project based on essay, 3 tests, two mini reflection papers off of guest speakers and two discussion board assignments. She goes over a study guide for every test, I highly recommend her.
5.0 : Professor Salveson was awesome. She is very clear on her grading and assignments, and also very helpful. There is 3 tests (including the final), 2 reflection papers, an essay and a group project that is based off the essay. She does a study guide and tells you what you need to know for each test. Very easy class, but you must do the work for an A.
5.0 : Professor Boley is an awesome teacher! I would definitely take her class again. She requires you to have a sketchbook that she checks almost every month and there's one research paper at the end of the semester. She only allows 4 absences. For the art crtiques she let's everyone bring food and have a little potluck
4.5 : Jamie is an amazing professor. She really cares about her students. She wants her students to pass but also to learn and improve. I would definitely recommend her and if I could I would even take her class again. Overall her class was a bit challenging at times mostly because it is art and it takes a lot of work but it is nothing I couldn't handle.
5.0 : -Go to class, you won't regret it! (You need it.) -Cares about his students. -Easy-to-follow (amusing) lectures (BUT take notes! *Helps with studying.) -Doesn't give too much HW. (Online and easy to score 100%; DO YOUR HW) -Optional final (replaces lowest test score.) Study! -Goes over what's on test. -Work to earn grade! -Easy going Prof.
5.0 : Nate Allen is an awesome professor. I have taken him for both 10a &amp; 10b. If it was for him I would not have passed, since mathematics is not my strongest subject. He is willing to break problems down to help you understand it and wants you to succeed in the future. Teaches lessons in ways you will not forget ! Wish he would teach math 100.
5.0 : My favorite math instructor I've ever had. 84% of your grade from exams, 16% from homework. So there is a lot a studying involved to do well on the exams. Mr. Allan makes himself available to help struggling students and actually cares if you understand the material. He is always there and on time.
4.0 : Very easy class as long as you show up! 4 tests total and final will drop your lowest test score! Homework on my math lab and will help if you are confused on anything!
5.0 : One of the best profs I've ever had in my life. It's a shame he doesn't teach full time. A very gifted teacher. Made Trig so clear and easy to understand. Always available to help students. Explains things incredibly well, very encouraging, and very funny. Has all kinds of humorous ways to remember trig calc rules that I carried over into Precalc.
5.0 : Super funny, makes a few well appreciated jokes
4.0 : Allen is a great professor, one of the best out of my 3 years at Fresno State. He is practical and purposeful in his teaching. He teaches you many tools to help you teach the content to your kiddos you will have one day. I would highly recommend taking Allen for any class, you will definitely be missing out if you do not.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR OUT THERE!! I cannot stress this enough! Take him if you have opportunity!
5.0 : He is a great professor! Take him if you have the opportunity. I have him this semester and am planning on taking him next semester as well. Class goes by very fast because he keeps everyone engaged. He is always willing to help if you ask. Not a hard class at all if you just pay attention! Take him!
5.0 : Very clear lectures, lenient on grading
5.0 : Allen is a great professor! I struggle with math, and he makes sure everyone gets it! He makes you come to class, but you do not mind. He really makes me enjoy math!
5.0 : He truly CARES about his students enough to break down the material and test only on what he goes over. You won't need the book if you attend class regularly and take decent notes; they will get you through the hw just fine; exams are even easier. 4 exams + final if you need an extra grade to replace your lowest exam score. Do the hw.
5.0 : He prefers to teach you how to derive things rather than just memorizing things. He teaches you tips and tricks that make it easier than what the book teaches. He cares about weather you learn concepts but only if you show that you are willing to work and if you show up to all the classes. His office hours are VERY helpful.
5.0 : The absolute best math teacher I have ever had.
5.0 : Professor Sischo is a wonderful and amazing teacher. Her lectures are easy to understand. The class is a DISCOVERe course, so have a laptop or tablet with you at all times. Also, there is a lot of readings done in this class, so be prepare. The books, quizzes, and tests are online.
4.0 : Sischo was an awesome teacher although she did tend to be a bit boring with her lectures. She wants students to participate. We did a lot of partner work and short quick assignments during classes. She makes history easy to learn and enjoyable!!
4.0 : She was a really nice professor that clearly cared about teaching her students correctly! I probably could've got an A if I showed up to class more &amp; if I enjoyed to learn about History.. She tries to get her class involved in her lectures so if you're shy you might want a different teacher. She takes attendance by participation papers in class.
5.0 : Wonderful teacher, definitely recommend
4.0 : She's a great teacher! She's very funny and makes a three hour class more enjoyable. She doesn't make you buy a hard copy of the history book you have to buy the mcgraw hill ebook. All your homework/quizzes/homework are on learnsmart. It's very easy and the only time you have an in class quiz is when it's on kahoot. She also let you out early :-)
5.0 : She always makes learning Ballet a JOYful experience.  You will learn a lot about yourself and how you hold your body in this world.  I love her so much as a person!!!
2.0 : Definitely knowledgeable individual who loves to teach you no matter what your skill level is at. She is encouraging and works you hard enough to appreciate ballet for being a great intensive art. She does not overwhelm you and understands students struggles but she does make sure you work to improve your knowledge and dance skills.
5.0 : She is so amazing and makes ballet fun.  I was really scared to take the class but it was mandatory for my major and she makes everyone feel welcomed.  She definitely knows her stuff and expects a lot, but is so nice and funny! You'll love her class!
4.0 : A great professor! She sometimes teaches above the level of the majority of the students, but she usually goes back and reteaches those exercises in the next class. She makes it very fun!
5.0 : I really enjoyed takingProfessor Birds class. She is very nice and is clear on her expectations to do well in class. Midterm was tough, but final was easy. 1 research paper, 1 group project where you teach class on a topic that is given to you and partner, need to make a professional portfolio, attendance is part of your grade. Would take her again
3.0 : She's a tough grader, however, you will learn a lot in this class. She's very passionate about her field of work and is great at clarifying any questions or doubts.
5.0 : Professor Lee is an awesome professor. Would recommend her. She gives great feedback and is very clear on her expectations for this class. No homework other than completing your notes and hours. I would take her again!
4.0 : She's a great professor and very caring.
4.5 : This class for the first few weeks was VERY boring. Then for the rest of the semester you just hang out and listen to speeches. The presentation is not as bad as it seems, just DO NOT procrastinate. Two papers and two exams. Apply yourself and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Professor John Mueller truly cares about his students. This was my favorite class this past semester because he made it so interesting. I learned a lot from this class and I do not regret taking this class with him. He made class fun with different activities.  Other professors should learn from him.
5.0 : Great teacher! Wasn't easy, coming from high school Spanish and this being the first class i have taken since. Clear expectations, minimal use of book when you buy the package  (has online version). If you don't understand something he will definitely clear it up. Don't hesitate to participate. I would definitely take a class with him again.
5.0 : decent teacher. go to his office hours if you need the help
5.0 : Good teacher. Very hard Class. The instructional videos provided online will significantly help in class. Quizzes were hard. He is willing to go the extra mile to help, but be sure to ask for help and ask questions.
5.0 : Monique was super chill, but at the same time, I learned a lot in her class. We always did interesting activities to go along with our readings. She was my teacher for  two semesters, and I learned something new about writing every time I went to class. Only English class I took that wasn't boring.
5.0 : Most chill teacher I've had by far, gives honest opinion, helpful, overall great teacher, you'll enjoy his class
5.0 : Legit one of the best professors I have ever had. He is honest, smart, and doesn't overdo the homework. I would take his class again if I could I complelety recommend him.
4.0 : He's alright. The quizzes were in hard in the beginning but then they became so easy a caveman could solve the problems. He wants out of the lab as bad as the students that are there.
5.0 : Amazing lectures
5.0 : very passionate lecturer. gets students involved and shows great interest in biology.
5.0 : Tricia is the best professor I have had my entire time at Fresno State. She is caring and understanding. If you have to miss class all you have to do is talk to her about what's going on. Also she is hilarious and may bring donuts. Great class and great professor! Definitely worth taking.
5.0 : Tricia is hands down the best professor I've had at state. She helped me build confidence in my writing and took the time to constantly reassure her students that she is always willing to help. She genuinely cares for her students, is passionate about what she does, and is insanely hilarious. Would recommend!
5.0 : Tricia is by far my favorite teacher I have had so far. She has very genuine and caring qualities as well as being very hilarious with her embarrassing stories. She truly wants the best for her students and gives great feedback. The work is very light and she is extremely understanding with personal situations. I plan to take her again soon!
5.0 : He is a tough grader but fair. Make sure you listen to the instructions, he normally gives out hints during them.
5.0 : Really knows his stuff. He has worked for years in the quality management/ISO9000 field as an auditor, and uses this experience to teach an interesting class with real-world implications. Excellent professor, especially considering he teaches in the mediocre at best industrial technology department.
5.0 : I really liked her and the class. She  is super sweet and understanding. I definitely recommend her class.
5.0 : Mary's super sweet and works with you but is also chill. Her class was super easy but I was also able to learn a lot from her. The way she handles class really helps with your papers. Definitely take her!
5.0 : Mary's class is very relaxed, but you also have to work to earn your grade. We did homework everyday and had group discussions all the time. I'd say do the homework so you can particpate in class and get ideas for your essays. Topics aren't hard at all and Mary gives very constructive feedback.  She is very helpful and approachable.
5.0 : This class was fairly easy! Mary is super sweet and is easy to communicate with. She is also very understanding, however, her class and lectures were very boring at times. Overall, her class was very helpful and she made it easy to understand. I would recommend this class.
2.0 : Her lectures will become more boring as the semester goes by. She doesn't really care if you put in the effort or not because it's your grade. She isn't specific within the assignments so you MUST put in time to talk to her. Overall I wouldn't take her again, there's better and more motivating English professors out there.
5.0 : She's a very cool professor. She's understatnding and very respectful. We a good amount of readings and summary, quotes, &amp; reponses. But it's helpful for the essays she gives us.
5.0 : She's so nice and cool. Attend to class and do the work well, you'll pass.
3.0 : she assigns a lot of group work
5.0 : She is a newer teacher and tries very hard. She seems nice and is very thorough. She gives good feedback and is accessible outside of teaching hours for additional help. There is a lot of group work which can suck based on your group.
5.0 : Mrs. Lawrenson is a good teacher.
4.0 : She's alright. There's certainly a lot worse out there.
5.0 : Professor Lawrenson is an awesome teacher. Her feedback is great and she really takes an interest in her students.
5.0 : Great feedback on all of my assignments. No busy work; everything ties into what we're doing. I haven't needed to meet with her outside of class, but others have mentioned she's very accessible outside of class. Would take again.
4.0 : YOu have to do a lot of writing.
5.0 : Professor Lawrenson is a great teacher. She reaches out to her students while other teachers don't even know you exist. More feedback on papers than you'd normally find. Would take again.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers thus far.
5.0 : Professor Lawernson is super nice and caring. She's very prepared for class and promotes group discussions. She gives good feedback on papers and is very accessible outside of classroom hours.
5.0 : Lawrenson is an amazing teacher very understanding. She gives amazing help when needed. Emails back fast and consistently. Frequent homework on blackboard but it is not super hard. She requires 3 textbooks and you use all of them. You also write four essays throughout the course which are not hard and  gives you ample amount of time to do them.
5.0 : Dr. Calderon is such a caring professor; he really cares about his students and always encourages students to participate in classroom discussions. I recommend Dr. Calderon!!!!
4.0 : Dr. Calderon clearly cares for his students. 1 open-note/open-book exam, 1 take-home. 2 application papers, as well as 2 extra credit papers offered (points go towards exam). CAN FIND TB ONLINE (makes you get it). One knock is that he didn't have the PowerPoint slides up before lecture (would have made taking notes easier). Otherwise, he was great!
4.0 : Dr. Calderon's class is one of the most enjoyable classes I have taken at Fresno State. This class only requires you to turn in 2 application papers, which are fairly easy, and 2 exams, one of them is take-home. He encourages all students to participate in class discussion. Great class to take!
5.0 : Overall, a pretty cool teacher and a great pianist.
5.0 : Calderon is one of the best professors I have ever had; he's kind, professional, and brilliant! Just study for the exams, take good notes or read the book, and do the short chapter reports.  He is so approachable I can't wait to take him again!
5.0 : BEST VOLLEYBALL TEACHER EVER!
5.0 : Professor Vue is super caring and respectful. Every time we are done with an activity she always ask if we are ok or if we need to rest. She is not someone who will let you risk your life for this course, but she motivates you to do well for yourself. She is very competitive and will make the class fun even if you dislike jogging. She is awesome!
5.0 : I love his enthusiasm about teaching, but there are a few group projects that you are required to do with your group, so be wise on picking your group from day 1. I really had a difficult time getting together with my group because we all had different ideas, but when we did individual exams I did very good.
4.0 : It gets you ready to answer any questions you might come across when in the classroom. For the test he allows you to take home &amp; in some cases work with your group (he also allows you to make up 1/2 of the missed points). Homework is 3 to 5 problems per chapter &amp; weekly reflections which are all part of the online portfolio/website due at the end.
5.0 : Howie is an amazing professor, his class lectures cannot be missed or you will not pass. His exams vary from take home to in class but they are all doable. He allows you to buy back half of the points you missed on exams as long as you revised what you missed. Class is fun and he offers extra credit. I definitely recommend him.
5.0 : Howie is probably the best math professor i have had at State. He makes learning math fun and is very inspirational. He can be a tough grader but everything is helpful in the end. I would definitely take him if you are taking Math 10A or Math 10B
5.0 : If you hated math at one point you will love this class and learn to see math in a different way. He is creative, gets you really thinking, promotes a growth mindset, and he really cares about the success of his students. I used to always need to know WHY? Now I know why procedures work and can explain it to others with confidence. Best teacher.
5.0 : He's my favorite teacher. I've taken him for all my math classes. He's really upbeat and knowledgeable. He's passionate and shows why class discussions and group work strengthen student understanding. We worked with manipulatives and got to explore why math procedures work. You dive deep in his classes and it's a lot of fun.
5.0 : Howie is the best professor I have ever had. I took 10A&amp;10B with him. He makes learning math so much fun. Class is really easy &amp;he makes coming to class fun. There's quite a bit of work but its really easy. Make sure not to procrastinate. The book is required but he lets you buy old versions which are cheap. Highly recommend him!
5.0 : Super enthusiastic and fun teacher, can really tell he enjoys what he teaches. Not too hard of a class, but to understand some of the content you must go to class. Will need textbook to do homework problems but overall a great prof. to take!
5.0 : Take this class to get to know Howie! He is a great teacher! He isn't a  tough grader and is always willing to help the class.  Just show up to class, participate, and do all the assignments (not hard) and you'll pass the class! Also "math tests" aren't like typical math tests, he usually lets you take them home or work with your group.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. I highly recommend to take him. Book wasn't expensive. If you mess up on test, hw, quizzes he lets you revise them so easy A. Basically do the work and you'll pass the class.
5.0 : This was my favorite math class I have taken. There are a lot of group and class discussions about the concepts. We were expected to dive deep into concepts and explain our thinking. He allows you to correct homework, quizzes, and tests to earn a better grade. He is knowledgeable about the subject and makes class fun. I learned a lot in this course
5.0 : By far one of the best math teachers I've had, take him! His style of teaching makes sense, at first it might seem a little weird and you'll think it's hard but he gives so many opportunities to improve on your work. Therefore, he lets you do corrections on exams, tests, and homework because he cares about you learning from your mistakes!
5.0 : Honestly BEST math teacher ever!Highly recommended him!! He gives "Tips of the day" every day which we can use for our future classroom.  We use the book to do homework for each chapter on google slides! We take the test home and have a few days to finish it. And if you score really bad you can make up the points!! Dedicated teacher!
5.0 : He is an absolutely amazing teacher. Makes you want to become a teacher even more. The class was pretty simple but we learned a lot of life lessons from Howie. He is an inspiration to be a teacher like him one day. He made math interesting and enjoyable. I would highly recommend you take his class. I made sure to get into his math10b class.
5.0 : He is literally one of the best teachers I have ever had! He is great at communicating and very easy to talk to. His lecture style is different, class isn't boring. He makes you think. Skipping class will not help you pass, there is so much content covered, you can't afford to miss a day. Take notes and tips of the day! We use google classroom.
5.0 : Mr. Hua is an amazing professor, one of the best I've taken. He genuinely cares about his students and wants them to succeed not only in class, but as future teachers. He gives daily "tips" which are good tips to get you thinking about teaching techniques. His tests are amazing, reduces test anxiety and is about what you've learned not memorized.
5.0 : He's a really cool professor! I'm so glad I took his class because he has a creative way of teaching his students and he does some really cool math tricks and techniques. I would absolutely take him again.
5.0 : Professor Hua was amazing. He takes the time to make sure you understand the material, gives feedback on homework (light load of work by the way) and also makes math enjoyable (which is something I wouldn't usually say). I felt very comfortable with him. If you have the opportunity to take his class... DO IT! You won't regret it :).
5.0 : Professor Hua is amazing! He breaks everything down into simplistic concepts, and truly cares if his class is understanding/struggling with his homework and lessons! You can easily see his passion for teaching- it's refreshing!
5.0 : Howie is an awesome professor! Had the pleasure of taking him for Math 10A &amp; Math 10B. Class is not BORING. He makes sure you understand concepts and gets students involved. He makes sure we learn to become teachers of math. He gives great feedback and also allows you to buy back points on your tests! Homework is required from the text, but easy
5.0 : He's a really great teacher! Recommend 10/10. Very understanding if you miss class for emergencies. He does not use Blackboard he uses Google Classroom which I also really liked. Do not purchase the math lab but do get the book. Take notes and his tips of the day will save your life one day.
5.0 : He is the best math teacher I have ever had. He has a teaching style that really helps me understand the material and actually feel confident that I can teach it. He is very creative and thorough. I was able to get the old edition of the book for about ten dollars. He uses visuals and manipulatives. Light homework. Lots of critical thinking.
5.0 : Cameron was by far my FAVORITE Lab TA. He is super nice and willing to help always. Coursework in lab is pre-planned and same across all sections but Cameron made understanding it so much easier. He offered a little extra credit on lab tests and was willing to help us study for the lab tests as well as lecture tests. Definitely take him if you can!
5.0 : Mr. Osborne is really helpful outside of class and he is extremely knowledgeable of the concepts that are covered in class.  He is willing to go over any questions in class or his office hours to further understanding the subject content. You do need to come prepared to learn but I highly recommend his lab.
5.0 : This class was very easy! He wants what is best and easy for him and the class. The quizzes are not bad, as long as you skim the chapter, you are fine. He is very laid back and may seem unorganized, but he knows his stuff. As long as you are reading or just attend lecture, you will pass. Google can be your friend too when it comes to prep for exam.
5.0 : You would want to take this class because it is so easy. He just lectures with no powerpoint, so take good notes. Read/attend class and you will pass! For quizzes just skim/know importance. The paper, keep bugging him and let him give feedbacks, it is an easy A. This class is not stressful at all. He is a happy and energetic person.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. Hyped off caffeine and in love with he lectures. He gives you a study guide as well as a full lecture day to review it, and curved a test which is more than fair for a college course. Provides great feedback and help when asked and WANTS TO HELP. Show up, read, &amp; participate (aka put fourth effort) and you'll easily get an A.
5.0 : Came to the class knowing absolutely nothing, and came out learning about the magnificent Catacles and her being taken in by Aarachilles Poochidos. The mating of Catacles and her various suitors. The massacre of the Kittens by the hands of the Lawn-Mowerdosis, and the single survivor.  Dr. Poochigian tells amazing cat stories. He's really great!
5.0 : Very energetic, approachable, caring professor who wants his students to succeed. Class is an easy A as long as you do the work. A few pop quizzes, 2 tests, and a paper. I am not a fan of Ancient Greek stuff, but I have a greater appreciation for it now. Overall, I enjoyed going to class and doing the readings. I would take this prof again!
5.0 : A++ Took his first intersession class &amp; the 3 hour days FLEW by because of him. Insanely passionate &amp; knowledgeable about his subject. Gives more pop quizzes if it's obvious people aren't reading - had to get a lot of cheap books. Study guide/session makes it impossible not to ace the 2 tests. YOU get to pick topic of 10 pg paper. Helpful &amp; kind!
4.0 : very confusing subject, he thinks its easy so he doesn't understand when students don't comprehend what he is teaching. 2 tests, 1 paper and pop quizzes. the tests are the hardest thing i have ever taken. he is very energetic just didnt prepare class well enough for how hard the tests are
5.0 : Aaron is awesome. He is very interested in his field and loves to teach it. There were a number of small reading quizzes (VERY EASY), a midterm and final, and a term paper. He provides study guides for the midterm/final so they are easy A's. If you aren't into ancient greek mythos, beware. the info will fly right over your head.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. Very helpful and understanding. Assigns a lot of reading, but he gives out study guides for exams.
5.0 : Professor Poochigian has a great attitude and shows an enthusiasm for the material that is infectious. He assigns tons of reading, but his lectures go over the important parts. I never read, listened to lectures, got most concepts down, pop quizzes killed me though. Reading definitely helps. Study for tests and pay attention and you'll be fine.
1.0 : Very unorganized! Isn't willing to help. Does not have a clear syllabus. No extra credit. He said there would be 5 quizzes somehow they turned out to be 10. No instructions for the paper. Stay away from this professor if you need to take this class. I don't usually rate professors but this one led me to and he is by far the worst professor.
4.0 : Pecina knows what he's talking out. MCJ 10 is an introductory class and he treats it as such. He's a great professor to learn the basics from.
5.0 : Pecina is one of the nicest professors ever, so far! Always opened up to help with projects and is very understanding. Attendance is taken about everyday and you get credit for that as well. Assignments are fun, especially for MCJ majors! He's AWESOME.
3.0 : Easiest class ever. Lets you redo assignments and tests for more points. Hes kind of funny. Attendance is a lot of your points. Lots of groups. Good if you need an easy class.
5.0 : Dr. Makkowy is one of the most thoughtful professors I've had at Fresno State. His classes are either lecture or working with groups. If you miss class, you are often missing points. He is very good at demonstrating how the course material is applicable to your everyday life. Midterm, final, and assignments are open book so it is worth purchasing.
5.0 : Dr Makkawy is one of the most genuine, understanding, and caring teachers I've had in the comm department. He genuinely wants you to succeed and definitely lets you know that through his words and actions. Tests are easy as they are open book online. Other than that, most of your points come from attendance and group work. He's also pretty funny.
4.0 : Dr. Makkawy will do everything possible to make sure that you understand the material. This class was "fun" because he creates assignments that brings research to life. His tests and quizzes are fair, there is definitely some reading to be done and attendance is mandatory.
5.0 : Great teacher - take him
5.0 : An amazing teacher and a better person! Dr. Makkawy is hands down the best professor I've ever had! He cares for his students, loves to teach and makes a GENUINE effort to make classes interesting with fun case studies and movies :) For once I am sad the semester is ending! If you are lucky enough to get into his class, take him!
5.0 : Dr. Makkawy is the best. A lot of your points come from attendance and case study's in class. There is one paper you have to write and apply it to a story in the textbook which is not hard. If you have any questions always go to him. He is so understanding and sweet with all of his students. Not many proffs like him. Cool guy.
5.0 : Professor Herring is such a great professor! She makes class go by fast with her fun personality &amp; she does her best to help her students. Very talkative in a good way, easy on grading and not much work involved.
5.0 : Amazing professor, easiest class I've ever taken!!
5.0 : Jon Morse is one of the best professors i have met and have had the plesure of having a class with. He is very caring, respectful and understanding and thats why i would take his class again. If you need to take Crim 133 I highly recommend taking it with Jon Morse you will take alot out of knowledge out of the class . You wont regret taking him !
5.0 : Professor Morse is an amazing teacher! He cares about his students, and take the time to get to know them. I would definitely love to take one of his classes again! He takes role, but his lectures are worth it! He is very understanding as well! A+ professor!
4.0 : I took her DS71 class and although she would mess up like crazy she was a great teacher. We did quizzes which were all online and she gives you a lot of time to complete them and there was never any homework. We took 3 exams and a final. Overall great teacher she is very helpful.
4.0 : Emily is awesome!! Best teacher for DS71!! She lets classes redo missed problems on tests for half credit and that really helps a lot of people pass. There is NO homework for this class. She gives short lectures but still gives good info to really learn!!
4.0 : She can come off as strict and as a tough grader at the beginning but in reality she sets you up for your time as a Science Major. Shes extremely helpful if you go out of your way to email or meet her outside of class. She values hardwork and will grade you for the amount of effort you put in. She tells you exactly what to study for each quiz.
4.0 : Ms. Cortney is a caring individual who knows the material very well and has a great passion for it. She is a tough grader and expects a lot from her students, but is also always willing to help. One of the kindest instructors I have come across at Fresno State and I would highly recommend taking Chem 1A Lab with her.
5.0 : Professor Reece is very specific on what she wants, we used TopHat on most lectures for participation points in the class and had online homework assignments. The midterms were fairly easy if you studied, and the final is based on questions from past exams! Super great teacher.
5.0 : Amber is a great professor and she definitely knows her stuff. Her lectures are great and I recommend her. She is funny at times too. Make sure you go to lecture because you will lose participation points if you don't.
5.0 : Dr. Reece is a great professor! She is so good at teaching and super clear. I didn't ever leave class with something I didn't fully understand. We used Top Hat almost everyday, and got our participation points through there. 3 Exams, 35 questions each, and final. Keep up with McGraw hill and you will be fine. Do the Study Guides extremely helpful.
4.0 : She is a great teacher you have to pay attention to do well on her tests! The tests are very hard if you do not pay attention. Her study guides are hard to follow. You can know everything on the study guide but may not understand questions on the test!
5.0 : Great teacher. Clear about what she expects and what you need to do to get a good grade. Cares about her students success. Class is hard in general but, with Dr. Reece she helps make it easier to pass &amp; get a good grade
5.0 : super easy course! i recommend taking snapshots of all tophat questions because they will most likely be on the test. I don't like bio but i enjoyed her class. offers a lot of extra credit as well. also an SI course! only thing i didnt like was the book which did not help at all but do the homework because it's easy points.
4.0 : She was really cool. The lectures were not the bad, we used top hat a lot! thats where you get your participation points. There is connect homework every other week, make sure you complete it! Her grading is off points system, really easy class and gives helpful study guides!
4.0 : Reece's class was pretty easy to pass. If you show up and pay attention you'll be good. Just do the connect homework and top hat in class stuff and you'll get a C or better. Didn't put a lot of effort in and still got an A which is an 85% for the class.
4.0 : If you're looking for a class where you don't physically need to be in class, this is it. She uses TopHat so just log in and participate from there. Attendance is required on days w/ in class activities. Extra-credit opportunities for each module and make sure you do the online homework
5.0 : Easy class. Lectures were cool. I wish someone would've told me to not bother getting the textbook because the tests are based off of her Power Points from lecture. I suggest purchasing the Connect subscription for the online homework separately instead of the bundle from the bookstore. It will save you money and unnecessary clutter.
5.0 : Classes are not mandatory, but her classes are very helpful. There is homework every  week and sometimes time consuming. There is extra credit offered every unit and plenty of time is given to complete it.
4.0 : Super easy class. You don't even have to go to lectures because she uses TopHat; just log in and answer the questions during the time of lecture. Weekly homework that isn't hard but can be time consuming. Tests are straight from the powerpoints, so you don't have to buy the book. Gives study guides that are straight from the test
5.0 : Great professor. Shes really nice and cares about her students. She makes her lectures easy and understandable. This class taught me a lot!
5.0 : Great lectures. Super caring and describes everything well and super easy to understand. Tests arent too bad if you study good, study guides have all the answers to the tests.
5.0 : Very good teacher, just go to the lectures and you'll understand what she is teaching which will help you on the tests. You get homework every weekend but you have 3 days to complete it. You use top hat during lectures for points there very easy points to earn. She offers A LOT of extra credit. You will pass this class as long as you do everything.
5.0 : Charismatic. Easygoing. Simply amazing. Her lectures and top hat quizzes are exactly what are to appear on the exams, so as long as you participate and come to class, you'll have a blast and pass.
5.0 : We use Top Hat in the lectures! We have the book but we only use the connect code for online homework for each section! Her lectures are straight forward! We have 4 midterms, the 1st test is online and the rest are in the class, 35 questions each section. Her final are off the questions of the other test! She is an amazing teacher!
5.0 : exams are tough, attendence is a must but if it's for points then why not go to class? alot of group related projects and classwork but hey it's a research class. pretty cool professor, but watchout for the lab class, which you will get a teacher's assistance(ta) that will probably know just a little more than you so be prepared to ask questions.
4.0 : Greenwood is a good, funny professor. He does a great job at making class interesting and understandable. It is a very interactive class so participate. Intro to Stats is hard as it is but it is much easier with him. His tests are difficult but he allowed note cards full of formulas to help you. No study guides or powerpoints on BB. Pay attention
5.0 : I got an A in this class, but I had to work for it. However, Professor Greenwood was able to turn a difficult subject into something that was fun and easy to learn. I was not a fan of all the group projects but as long as you show up, do the assignments, study like you're supposed to, you'll do well. Don't skip class.
5.0 : At first I thought this class was going to be easy, but it was not. The first exam I failed, but the second one I did and also the final. He makes you do take home quizzes which are kinda hard/easy in a type of way. His online assignments are okay but just make sure you read the instructions. Worried about failing the class he gives second chances.
5.0 : Professor Greenwood actually cares for you to not only pass his course, but to understand the reason for which statistics is important. The highlight for this course is . . . Show up to class, take notes, ask questions, participate, go to office hours, ask more questions (for clarification) ,review notes &amp; I can guarantee you an A in his class.
5.0 : Professor Hernandez is such a sweet professor. She is very approachable and easy to get a hold of outside of class. The class itself isn't hard but you do have to put in moderate effort. This is a writing/composition class so be ready to write. Polish your Spanish grammar, show up to class, do your work and you will be fine!
3.0 : She is a very sweet professor. Sh replies back to your e-mial, helps with the compositions, is always open to any concern for homework. The only thing is the for test she only gives 1hr to complete aleast 75 questions + 1 or 2 composition so must have to read fast or you won't finish on time. Do you work, show up in class, and you will do fine.
4.0 : Overall the class is pretty easy. 3 presentations all are easy and he grades pretty easy on them. Don't really need the book his powerpoints will do. Test are average &amp; online. His personality is not fitted for all. He's a young professor but very accessible and wants everyone to succeed. Would take another class of his.
5.0 : Valentine is a hilarious character, he will push the due dates back for every assignment to the last day of the semester essentially. He is clear of what he expects of the course, and gives great feedback. He teaches comm so there will be speeches throughout the semester, however I had no issue talking in front of people.
5.0 : By far the best professor I have ever had at Fresno State. Professor Kovtun really cares about his students and explains the course very well. I took more from his Leadership course than I have from any other class I've taken on campus. The only reason I did't receive an A in the course is because of a few missing assignments.
4.0 : This class is fairly simple if you do all the speeches and assignments. Kovtun is always cracking jokes and is easily approachable. He will tell you what to study for on the online quizzes and breaks down everything he is looking for in your speeches. There will be 3 speeches, a few online tests, and simple in-class packets. Easy A!
5.0 : Easy &amp; useful for a writing class, no matter how strong of a writer you are. Multiple drafts for assignments, peer reviews, and explicit rubrics. No textbook, just weekly readings/responses. (you can skim the readings and do just fine) Dr. Wahleitner is also the most caring professor i've ever had, and is willing to work with you if you talk to her
5.0 : A great professor. Class was easy and the assignments were not difficult. Being an Upper Div writing class she makes it a breeze. Quick writes and reflections every class are simple but boring. In class group work was fun and made class go by quick. She is a great teacher and she is always quick to respond to emails.
5.0 : I took her my freshman year and she was great. Although the class was a 6pm-9pm we never stayed past 7:30. The whole class session was a lecture, so if you missed class it would cost you. Very good at explaining the text and giving examples. Easy A if you show up and listen. Taking heavy notes is key, she does write them on the board also.
3.0 : I took her this semester and it wasn't too bad. You do need to show up every time because she writes the notes up on the board. No book is required. There is one paper, quiz, midterm and final. For the paper you need to visit a court and write on a court case that you went to. Not too bad, would take again.
5.0 : He's a cool professor. All his assignments are simply reading and a few essays. He helps improve on your writing by giving good feedback. His feedback is detailed. He's super nice, understanding, and positive. There's something about his attitude that makes the class slightly less dreadful for someone who doesn't like the English Subject.
4.0 : David is super chill, and I learned a lot from his class. There are about 3 major papers you will have to write that aren't too bad. He has many workshops during class to help students brainstorm. Overall, I really enjoyed this class and having him as a professor.
4.0 : Jaime is a great professor he really gets you thinking. Easy grader, if you show up you get points. ill take him again! he is a bit confusing when giving lectures but it shouldn't really matter, his essay tests are based off of what you think and you support it
5.0 : Mr. Rodriguez is very nice. I took him last fall 2016 he was very easy to deal with the class. He told us not to buy any book since he pester the assignment on blackboard. His tests were easy 2 midterms and final. Final was easy since we have to write what we learned throughout the semester. Make sure to go to class he takes attendance.
2.0 : I've had professor Rodriguez Matos for 3 courses. Most of his classes you don't need a book, participation matters, takes attendance everyday because half of your grade is attendace. EASIEST A OF MY LIFE, 1 midterm, 1 final, Never had homework. I RECOMMEND HIM!
4.0 : Professor Rodriguez-Matos gives amazing lectures' however, may be confusing sometimes to follow since it's a high-level literature to explore humanities. Be aware of quizzes and be prepared to read a lot of books before going to class because participation matters!
5.0 : Professor Rodriguez-Matos is very intelligent and gives interesting lectures based on the book. He really gets us thinking in a deep thought! I would recommend taking him even though humanities is not your subject; however; it is the study of real world. You will pass if you show up, participate, and read.
2.0 : This is his first year teaching at fresno state. Easy class. Takes attendance everyday if you show up, you'll pass because attendance is worth way more points than anything else.1 midterm&amp;1final, no other exams. Homework (rarely), &amp; if you do have hw he doesn't collect it or grade it, its just for you to practice. Always lets us out early too.
5.0 : It was easy, show up copy his notes and just study. There is 3 exams, however most is based on your own belief. He give out amazing lectures! Def would take him again. Rarely gave out homework.
4.0 : Who doesn't love an easy class? YES, you will need to practice. YES, you will have attendance taken, &amp; finally... YES, you will have H.W., although its not always turned in.   Take his class, it's just like any other class... so long as you put in the work. You'll be fine!
5.0 : He is a great professor . For  humanities all you need to do it read and show up! Prepare to read many books he goes into them with deep thought provoking lectures. You learn a lot. The downside is that you have to buy 7 story books they are not expensive.  There are 3 easy tests and 1 final. Sometimes it is boring but it is any easy A!
5.0 : Its only rated as easy because everyone learns without even noticing. Professor Matos is very philosophical. There were two tests and one essay but the essay was only 1,000 words, and everything is based on your belief. We watched a ton of movies and did about one group presentation a week which was how ever long you wanted.
5.0 : Dr. Capehart is a great Professor. He is very enthusiastic and always in a good mood. He really cares enough to know his students and gives good feedback. 2 free response tests, 1 policy debate paper and a group presentation on it, and a final. Lots of homework but very easy. Textbook is free online.
5.0 : Dr. Capehart is amazing at explaining the material! His lectures are long but def not boring at all. The class is not hard at all, just go to class. He will give you back half of the points you missed on an exam, &amp; the final is written by the students themselves. Did I mention he brings food every friday? :D
5.0 : Great Professor, Just show up to class, Do your Homework, He is very good with giving back points on exams missed, 2 exams and 1 final, His lectures are great not too long or short.
5.0 : Does in class activities for each lecture so show up and there is always homework but takes less than 30 minutes to do. Really nice and cares for students' success. Easy A if you just do everything given to you. Two easy exams that are just 5 written questions and 1 group presentation that goes with the 1 paper due. Also brings food every Friday.
5.0 : I absolutely hate economics in general but Professor Capehart made it easier to enjoy. I learned more and was able to better understand macroeconomics in a short semester compared to a whole year of AP Macro back in high school. Lectures a lot, easy hw, online textbook, easy  presentation and he's always in a positive mood. Highly recommend.
1.0 : God forbid you have to use the restroom in class, he WILL deduct points from your grade (or for showing up late/leaving early&amp;he'll make you "apologize" for it). Learn material &amp;participate in class. Also, speak up or he will pick on you if you're shy&amp; tell you to "say it again with confidence". He's a well prepared prof but has ridiculous polices.
5.0 : Professor Capehart is one of the best professors I have had at Fresno State. If you are considering taking econ 50, I highly recommend taking his class. He makes the subject simple to understand and really enjoyable.
5.0 : Great teacher! He is enthusiastic, approachable, and knows material very well.  He makes what could be dull material interesting.  There is a lot of homework, but it is never too difficult. He is well organized and has a fast turnover with assignments,   I plan on taking him again.
4.0 : Prof. Capehart was a very great professor. I won't say the class was just super easy because it does require you to do work and pay attention. However, as long as you go to class, pay attention and engage in the lecture, you'll be fine. Capehart is very enthusiastic and very fun spirited teacher. I definitely recommend him.
5.0 : Overall great teacher and cares about the material being taught. Daily homework and readings but they're simple. Two papers and presentations. Not harder than any other class.
4.0 : Very simple class. Don't pass him up. He gives you an opportunity to get back half of the points you miss on your test. Econ is a boring subject but he makes it very interesting. Doesn't test on specifics, only broad concepts discussed in class. Class is insanely simple. Fall 2016 was his first semester at Fresno state and he did great
4.0 : You have to be there for every lecture. If you don't finish your task in time he will give you more time, so make sure you do everything correctly instead of rushing it.  Exams are hard, but if you do your homework and all the class assignments, you should be fine.
4.0 : Lectures contain useful information and gives very detailed and helpful examples. Tests and assignments are not that hard at all as long as you pay attention to the examples. Only complaint is that he is a quiet person and not always easy to hear from the back of the classroom.
4.0 : Rapidly improving his lecture and listens to feedback. Soft spoken and sometimes hard to understand or hear but always answers questions when needed without punishing you for it. HW is usually 3-4 problems, from 1-2 chapters in the book for each class period, usually due a week after. Allows pics of his multi-colored white board examples.
5.0 : The class was manageable and not to hard if you study. There is only 4 test and pop quizzes that make up your grade. The only challenging part about this class was that some of her wording on the test was confusing. Just pay attention in class and study for the test and you will be fine. I definitely enjoyed this class.
5.0 : I took her for Animal Science 67. Dr. Tarrant made the class super easy. We had small pop quizzes which were on previous lectures, videos or articles. There were two papers which were so easy as long as you followed her directions. Small homework assignments like watching videos or reading articles.  Very easy professor, I highly recommend her.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Very knowledgeable about the poultry industry and makes learning about it fun! She does not take roll, but there is one pop quiz per week. Drops two lowest quiz scores at the end of semester. Tests are slightly difficult, but if you come to class and study you will be fine. Love Mrs. Tarrant, would take again!
5.0 : I don't understand why many people say MGT 124 is the hardest course in the business school.    The material isn't hard, there is just a lot to remember.  If you put forth the effort and ask questions when you are unsure of something, you should do just fine.  Professor Souza has taken this class herself and offers suggestions of how to succeed.
4.0 : I really like Megan Souza. If I had her for DS123, I probably would not have flunked. She is very precise and clear. I'm horrible at quantitative problems, but she makes it understandable. Highly recommend her. I wish she had time to show videos of processes.
2.0 : she is tough and had here for once a week night class. she is tough and will take up the whole lecture time. Does not give you a study guide or anything. just talks and talks. just goes through the power points and nothing else.
5.0 : THE BEST and EASIEST MGT 124 TEACHER on campus. Just take good notes do the extra review packets. They're very similar to what's on the test. She offers extra credit after the tests and they really help raising the test grade. If you're lucky and her class is open, TAKE HER for 124
4.0 : Professor Souza is very humble and kind.  I liked how she carried herself, she wasn't arrogant, she was approachable.  The material is difficult but she prepares you.  Attend class because conceptual questions will be discussed and they will later appear on exams.  Practice the math problems as soon as they are assigned! Study! Make friends.
5.0 : He is a graduate student at Fresno state and a instructor for CE123L, in my semester came up with so many problems related to geotechnical, structures and transportation too and he helped me to go through most of the problems. Good knowledge in engineering and easy going. Very friendly and always love to share his knowledge with other students.
5.0 : Great professor. She is a bit all over the place with the set up of the class rather than focusing on one topic in depth. She is a great lecturer. 2 exams. 1 paper. 1 presentation. Easy peasy.
5.0 : Great Professor, really caring and understanding. Would definitely take again, she is very organized as well. However, you do have to participate a lot and attendance does count. Very easy as long as u show up
5.0 : Great professor, she provides you with all of the tools necessary to succeed in this class. The material is interesting and she is very helpful and understanding.
5.0 : She is so passionate about her subject that her lectures are amazing. She honestly cares about her students and tries to help them in any way she can. Participation is mandatory as a part of your grade is dedicated to it. A pop culture paper and presentation are due but theyre very simple. I would absolutely take her class again.
5.0 : She is awesome. Her lectures are interesting and she also gives a study guide for the exams.
5.0 : cares so much about students. you truly learn because it's not so heavy on grading your knowledge, but you learn by sharing and her lectures and the way she discuses. one of the best here, thank you professor rocha!!!!!
5.0 : She is honestly the best teacher! she was so sweet and caring, id take her again, she asks questions about the reading to 5 people a day, you can have your book out and look for the answer, and her 2 tests! easy! she gives you a truthful study guide, She really just asks you like "who was Columbus" take her!
5.0 : very bright and smart, a true enjoyment to meet her and listen her speak so passionately about the meaning of feminism. only requires a $10 textbook, some readings, 1 mid term and 1 final that are super easy. there is only one writing assignment that includes a presentation. would love to take again!!
5.0 : Had Hannah for the CSCI150 lab. While she didn't directly teach the course, she was always up to speed on everything going on in class and maintained decent communication with the professor. She's very easy to talk to and always gives good feedback. The CSCI department needs more professors like Hannah Scott!
4.0 : I had her as my lecturer for the lab. She is helpful and kind. You need to attend the lab to get the points for attendance.
4.0 : Her lectures are decent, and the homework isn't too much. Gives a study guide to study for the tests. It's good to study two days before the test to ask a specific question.
5.0 : Stephanie cares about her students. Very knowledgeable. It is a tough class, but if you put in the time, you will do well. She will be guide you every step of the way.
5.0 : Tough class, but Stephanie is one of the best lab TA's to learn anatomy from.
5.0 : Dr. Fahrethold cares about learning beyond the grade. She offers opportunities to improve grades for students who are willing to try. Her exams were not super difficult, but you leave with a load of new knowledge. Lectures are enjoyable; she is great at telling the stories of the topics. Decent amount of reading, but she goes over them in class.
5.0 : Great professor! Although there is quiet a bit of reading, Professor Fahrenthold is dedicated to making sure students know the content of the course above everything. Easy to contact outside of class and always willing to help. Lots of reading but nothing unmanageable, offers extra credit too. 2 essays, journals amd final
5.0 : She is an amazing Prof. You need the textbook (reading HW, (2) papers, and (2) tests.) She respects her students. If you don't understand, ask, she is always willing to help clarify. Is clear on what she wants from students. Easy lectures. She goes over study guides for the tests. Easy gradings. Wants you to pass! Gives good feedback; improvement.
5.0 : Louro is one of the greatest teachers. She is super helpful, and very clear on what she wants. She makes the class fun, and makes the effort to help all her students.
5.0 : Awesome Professor. Very clear on what she wants and how she grades. Syllabus outlines whole Semester. Lectures are always a blast. 2 Papers and 4 Speeches. As well as a Midterm and Final. Willing to help and wants you to succeed.
5.0 : Ms. Louro was a really good professor. She always made sure we knew of due dates and can be very understanding especially during finals. She allowed a note card cheat sheet during exams and made kahoots which made the material easier to understand. Definitely take this class if you have the opportunity.
5.0 : Ms. Louro has been my favorite professor by far! She inspired me to get a comm minor. She cares so much about her students and is easily approachable; she will help you if you ask. Reading is required but it isn't too bad. Do not take her for granted. Show up for class, do her speeches and papers and you will get a good grade!
3.0 : Instructor Louro is a fair instructor. Sometimes I feel like she thinks we are in graduate school like herself. Hopefully, that makes us students better. If you don't do the busy work the class will be difficult to get your desired grade.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. Easy class.
5.0 : Really enjoyed this class. Every lecture was enjoyable. You can tell she cares about her students and wants everyone to pass. Show up and participate and you will pass the class.
5.0 : Miss Louro is just amazing. I highly recommend her!
5.0 : Great Professor! Favorite class to go to. Pretty easy to pass as long as you do your work(:
5.0 : Definitely a great professor.  If I ever have the chance to take her as a professor again, I absolutely will! Does require a textbook but the lectures help out a lot if you do not read but recommend keeping up with the readings. Easy to get an A as long as you do your part and do the work. She is willing to help you.
5.0 : Louro is awesome. She is really on top of things and will remind you of what's due. She will help you out!! She always makes time for her office hours, and if she can't make it, she will schedule her office hours at a different time and day to make up for the one day she missed. Louro is very funny &amp; relatable. But don't take her for granted.
5.0 : Louro is very approachable and accommodating. She genuinely cares for her students' well-being. Participation is essential in the class. She provides study guides for her exams as a privilege to classes that show up and engage. All in all, she is easily accessible; the lectures are all manageable and very entertaining. Great class.
5.0 : Louro is awesome. She's a super great teacher even for being young. I didn't have to worry about exams or finals at all because she goes over everything perfectly and has it exactly like the study guides. If you need any extra help she's always there for you. She's very repetitive to make sure you remember everything important which I did. I
5.0 : Really easy grader, basically tells you what will be on quizzes while lecturing. Easiest class I've had so far. Do your work and study for midterms and you will get an A. She's understanding if you ever forget your stuff and is always available via email. Super sweet, she wants you to pass. Even rewrote the final because she thought it was too hard
5.0 : Makes difficult and confusing topics A LOT easier and simpler to understand. She does what it takes to help you in quizzes. She is very understanding.
4.0 : She is a teacher's assistant for biology 1A lab. Her lectures are always clear,direct and easy. it really helps on the weekly quizzes you will have for the lab. Really easy grader. for sure you will pass. the only time you will get a C or fail the class is if you do not show up which is really important in lab anyways. Everyone loves her!
5.0 : Tamar was by far my favorite teacher/lab TA I have had in college so far. She is super nice and caring and she really makes her lectures easy to understand. Quizzes are fairly easy, and she always helps when we are confused. if you have the option, TAKE HER!!
4.0 : Tamar is an awesome lab teacher for Bio1A. Her lectures are clear and pretty much what shows up on the tests. She's very knowledgeable and I would recommend her to anyone taking Bio1A.
5.0 : Super chill class, really nice guy and easy A. Taught basics well and then we just played games and had fun. Would take class again.
4.0 : If you know how to play softball then take this class. The only bad thing is he doesn't show the plays or any techniques, he expects you to know the basics. He also forgets to take roll sometimes. Other than that show up to class and you'll get an A. He does give you a one page paper at the beginning of the semester, but that's about it.
5.0 : Would definitely take again, class is super easy just show up and you'll pass. Cool guy to talk to and super nice
5.0 : Easy going instructor, there's only one paper and after that you just play 5 on 5 pick up games of basketball. He teaches you the basics the first few days but after that it's all about participation. Easy A, and nice guy, would recommend.
5.0 : I was skeptical about this class at first because I am not good with understanding Greek literature but she made is really easy to understand. 1 reading a week and then she reviews the text in class and goes over major themes and symbolism. She broke up the papers in to one 500 word and one 1500 word essay. 2 exams. Recommend it.
4.0 : She understands that Greek is tough and tries her best to help us understand what is going on. She is an amazing teacher just teaching a really hard subject.
5.0 : He really enjoyed what he was doing and cares about his students and their success.
4.0 : Byron was super chill so when it came time to test the whole class figured it would be an easy A. We were wrong. His one page papers are easy to knock out before class, just make sure to elaborate and really try on his tests bc he can be a tough grader on those. He knows a lot about art and his class isn't hard at all as long as you put some effort
5.0 : Good class. He's funny at times, a good guy, seems to care. Would recommend
5.0 : Truly a very good professor that keeps you entertained and really knows how to explain everything to you. For being such a tough course, he really makes it easy to understand. He is very funny and the lectures are not boring. The tests get harder but if you study you will pass. Highly recommend to anyone that needs this course.
5.0 : My first semester at Fresno State and needed to take Psych 144 and was not disappointed with this class and professor. Would definitely recommend to everyone. Even if you aren't a psych major take the class anyway.
5.0 : She was very helpful and was a down to earth person.
5.0 : Great English teacher. Knows her stuff and is great at lecturing. You will write a lot in this class, but it is fine. Your English will improve a lot, trust me.
5.0 : Great Teacher! You are in for a treat!
5.0 : Professor Smith is very easy-going. She gives clear instructions and does a great job with helping you learn to teach. Halfway through the semester, the labs are fully run by us, the students. She does care that you follow her rules precisely.
4.0 : Professor Smith is brand new to Fresno State and the KINES 152 course. She's very easy going and is clear on what she wants. All quizzes were online and due on test days. Tests were fairly easy if you study the questions she gives you. This semester she did not require the book she required an online supplement called SPARK University.
5.0 : Professor Smith is an absolute sweetheart! She is very approachable and always willing to help! The class is very fun! She really wants everyone to succeed and always gives her best!
5.0 : Easy class if you are really willing to learn and put in the effort he's is very helpful and willing to help you improve your grade if you show effort that you want it. Go to office hours! very much more understanding and it will help you out a lot.
5.0 : She's amazing! Very clear and understanding. Study for the quizzes and tests and you'll be fine. Offers extra credit. Tells you exactly what's expected. AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!!
5.0 : One of the best professors at state. Helps you understand the assignment.   Some extra credit but not a lot. No curved grade or a lot of extra credit but if you tried then she will notice and your grade will reflect on that. Not a tough grader at all. Really nice lady. YOU CAN NOT FAIL this class. Pay attention and study and you'll pass. Fun class.
5.0 : Easiest, nicest professor ever. If English is your second language, this course may be a bit more difficult as she is a grammar nazi. But she covers grammar, punctuation, and the frequently most misused words in great depth. Gets side-tracked easily (3 chapters behind now), and offers lots of extra credit! Great course if you need a W course.
5.0 : She is an amazing professor! Wish more were like her!
5.0 : An instructor that WANTS you to pass. A really understanding one too. Show up and have a fun time. Few assignments, lots of extra credit, and great feedback.
5.0 : I hate giving reviews on anything but this teacher is definitely worth it!! I thought it'd be a boring class since it was a writing course but Dr. Curry makes class enjoyable!! She's very understanding and does everything she can to help her students pass. The amount of assignments are average. I would write more but there is a word limit on this.
5.0 : Unreal professor. Makes attending class very enjoyable and provides good entertainment. Structure is quite well and having English as a second language I learned a ton. She's nice with every student and is not too strict about deadlines. Exam is pretty much the same as the Kahoot quizzes, Final consist of exam one and two.
5.0 : Best professor ever. She cares about students more than they care about themselves. This class could be easily passed with an A. She gives good feedback on the writing assignments and let's you redo one if you need to. 2 easy exams, most questions come from Kahoot! And the final is the 2 exams stabeled together. Up to 50 points of extra credit.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Really wants you to understand the material and cares about her students.
5.0 : Dr. Dyer is one of the most kindest &amp; sweetest professor I had but she grades super hard on papers. 7 Video Analysis papers, 3 Multiple Choice Exams, 1 written Final Exam, &amp; 1 parenting plan paper. Quiz almost everyday &amp; attendance is mandatory. Textbook is required. No late works or extra credits accepted.
3.0 : ASSIGNS ALOT OF WORK, TOUGH GRADER
5.0 : Ruben Casas is an excellent professor who sincerely cares for his students and wants his students to succeed. He gives amazing feedback and is on top of his feedback game. I recommend Dr. Casas greatly and you will improve as a writer.
5.0 : Dr. Casas is an amazing professor, He always gave me great feedback and he is a well respected man. I attended his office hours quite frequently for feedback and help and he is very understanding. You can tell he has a passion in his work and believes in improving his students writing skills. Overall I highly recommend Dr. Casas
4.0 : Derek is a lab teacher for chem 3A but really helps with any problems you may have with chemistry. He helps with any problems you have during the lab. Tries to give you as many points as he can.
5.0 : Prof. Miele is a great instructor!!  I thoroughly enjoyed having her as a teacher.  She is very knowledgeable and passionate about finance.  She cares about the success of her students.  The content of the class may be hard, but she explains the material very well! She made finance fun!
5.0 : Miele was by far the nicest professor I've ever had at Fresno State. If you are confused, go to her office hours and she'll explain everything to you in a simple way.  You have to study for the 3 exams because if you don't, you will fail the tests. HW and labs she goes over in class. I'm glad I took this professor!
5.0 : Great Professor, she is truly the best. Take her you won't regret it!!!
5.0 : She is an incredibly nice professor and she's very determined for her students to understand finance and to pass. attendance is not mandatory but if you miss to much you won't pass. She explains everything so well and does all it in class. She's so helpful that she'll make time for students if their struggling and is very passionate about finance.
5.0 : Great professor with a true passion to teach and cares for students. 3 tests that are based on the homework and a study guide, difficult stuff but if you study you'll be fine. Group project is a piece of cake, easy points. Her PPT slides are VERY helpful.
5.0 : Miele is a great new professor at State. Super caring and nice. --Sweetheart and makes the material very easy to understand. --And the chili pepper
5.0 : Fantastic professor, super nice and very caring. She wants you to pass so if you put in the work and effort you will succeed. She goes over everything in class so if you pay attention it will be very hard to fail. Overall excellent professor and an amazing person.
4.0 : Professor Miele just moved from Canada recently, as a recent transfer it was nice to have her as my finance teacher. She was helpful, she was nice, the workload was okay, and as long as you go to class and keep up with the material you'll get a good grade. I'd definitely take her again.
5.0 : Best teacher for sociology. she enjoys teaching the class. very understandable teacher. few assignments. show up and you will pass. easy A if you are looking to boost  gpa. tests are easy
4.0 : She is very easy and very nice, an easy grade if you need some credits.
5.0 : Siri is a great instructor. She is very passionate about what she teaches and it shows. She does a lot of games where you review for the tests, but there are not many out of class assignments.
5.0 : Dr. Guera is an amazing, nurturing, and kind human being.  She teaches you a lot, and her lectures are pretty much everything that will be on the exams.  Go over powerpoints , do your ATI book assignments, and you will be fine. No surprise exam attacks from this professor.
3.0 : Not a bad professor but hard subject mostly a lot of memorization. You have to learn so many new terms and then remeber them to apply to scenarios. Every chapter has a 10 question quiz which isn't bad. The test are scary, 20 t/f 40 multiple choice and 3 short answers. If you don't know one you get a zero and bring your grade down a loooot! STUDY!!
4.0 : Yonker is a great professor. I took him during his first semester, so he was still learning too. But overall, he makes a very difficult class easier. Tests are intimidating, but if you attend lecture they're a breeze. My grade went down from an A to B because I missed a lot of classes, so attendance matters. I would take this professor again.
2.0 : Took him once a week--totally horrible. He keeps you for the full 4 hours, and you shouldn't miss class. 3 writing assignments, 2 mid-terms, online quizzies for each chapter, comprehensive final. Mid-terms were stressful. In order to good, you must reach chapters before class.  and definitely study extra!
2.0 : This course itself is hard; but taking this class once a week for 4 hours made it extremely harder. You have to stay the full 4 hours &amp; participation matters. It's really hard to focus after 2, so I wished he would have done iclicker as participation and let us out early when done, instead of repetition. mid &amp; final are extremely hard. study extra!
5.0 : The professor is good but the class is hard because there is so many information you need to know. 4 writing assignment 25 points each, 19 quizzes and if you get 80% on all of them he gives 50 extra credit points. Exams were hard and the final was cumulative but there were questions from old midterms  Attendance&amp;  participation really matters
5.0 : Show up, quizzes are extra credit. Tests are easy since he gives you a filled out study guide. Youll want to study it he does T/F multiple choice and short answers.
5.0 : Professor Yonker is one of the best professors I have ever had at Fresno State. Heard from literally all of my friends that if anyone takes BA 18 at State they will fail! I went against all odds and landed the best professor. Although he makes you work for your grade he offers a great amount of extra credit. 4 tests, 5-7 papers, 20 quizzes.
4.0 : He was a funny guy during class, you need to attend frequently if you want an A, but skipping class a lot still means you can get a good grade.
4.0 : Humanities 11 was a great class, it was mostly lecture, no homework and only 2 tests and 1 paper.  Take notes and pay attention and you will pass the class.
5.0 : OMG I love her!!!! If you want to take an easy 1 unit class, then take her! It's basically choir for non-music majors! She teaches you the fundamentals of singing in choir! Even though I knew how to sing, there were plenty of students who were first timers! Attendance is mandatory! She only asks you to do a choral report and maybe final ;)
4.0 : She's not the easiest, but not the hardest either. I'm not great at taking tests so that's why I struggled with this class. 4 tests and a final, you have to study to do well. Book is mandatory although just buy the digital book you won't need a hardcover because tests are mostly based off of lecture. She fair in her grading also offers extra credit
2.0 : YOU HAVE TO BUY SO MANY THINGS FOR THIS CLASS JUST DON'T DO IT... TAKE SOMEONE ELSE.
5.0 : Very easy class, just show up to lecture and you'll do good on the exam. The professor is very nice and organised, she uses tophat in her lectures. Ppts are entertaining. There are 4 exams and a final.  Offers extra credit.
5.0 : She was such an amazing professor! Her lectures are very clear and you always have access to them on Blackboard. She uses TopHat throughout her lectures and offers a lot of extra credit! Her tests are not hard at all. I would highly recommend taking her class!
5.0 : Personally this was the easiest class i have ever taken i missed half the classes and just recieved an email to be an SI leader for the class because i Aced the course. The hardest thing about this course was remembering to do the online homework highly recommend taking this course with michelle.
5.0 : By far my favorite class at state so far. Only 4 exams and one final. There's a few homework but you have a week to complete it (Sunday 11:59PM) which are easy A. I recommend to attend SI Sessions while taking this course, it really helps to gain a better understanding. Exams are open online all weekend(Sunday 11:59PM). Would wanna take again!
5.0 : Awesome professor, do your work and pass the class. Work required in this class is small and easy.
5.0 : This class is easy if you show up to the lectures for top-hat points and go to SI sessions. SI sessions will make this class easier. All the power points used for lectures are posted on blackboard. You'll have to buy an access code to do the weekly homework. Overall it was an easy class, you just have to do well in lab to pass the class.
5.0 : Test for every unit. Hw every week you do not have a test. Its all online except the final. You can do up to 50 points extra credit. All you buy is tophat which is like an iclicker on your device. She makes sure you understand both lecture and lab. I highly recommend to take her. The best professor i had this semester.
3.0 : She lectures too fast to take thorough notes. Her class is a breeze, all tests and assignments are on Blackboard, if you attend class they will be easy.
4.0 : Very easy to pass! I didn't try too hard and still ended up with an A! All tests and powerpoints are online except the final. She is not boring to listen to. Lots of easy extra credit.
4.0 : My class was a 4 hr lecture class once a week. Physio, regardless of whos teaching, is a challenging class. Her class is test heavy, but she offers extra credit on every lecture exam. Her lab exams were on the tough side. I recommend study groups! It really does help. Overall Im glad i took her for physio!
5.0 : This class is basically all lecture, however, Naoum is a great lecturer so class is actually enjoyable. All unit exams are on Bb (usually 2 exams a month). There were also online hw assignments on the weekends we didn't have an exam. You do need to put in some effort in order to pass the class, but it is college so that's expected.
4.0 : She's a great teacher and wants people to pass with a good grade. Lots of extra credits are given.
5.0 : Good class
5.0 : Great instructor. Very knowledgeable and helpful, easy to communicate with, allowed us to revise all  papers for better grades.
5.0 : Amazing Professor
4.0 : You don't need to buy a textbook for this class, he provides reading materials, although you don't need to actually read them to pass. The midterm is based on his lectures, so take good notes and use his study guide. Weekly discussion posts and replies, 6-8 minute presentation on whatever you want at the end of the semester. Easy class with effort.
5.0 : Hands down the best doctor I've ever taken a class with. She is VERY caring and always making sure you understand what she's talking about, awesome grader just make sure you go to class, understand the homework and you'll be good
5.0 : Dr. Nazari makes this class really enjoyable. Her tests/quizzes are super fair and look just like the HW and in class examples. As long as you come to class, do the HW, and study a few problems this class should be an easy A. Her lectures are super interesting and easy to listen to, and it helps that she is a sight for sore eyes. Would take again
4.0 : Discussion format based on research papers provided overview of conservation research, projects, etc. Dr. Reece was conscious of the difficulty in successfully understanding research papers and encouraged feedback on the class. Easily available for discussion outside class. Overall an excellent class.
5.0 : Dr. Reece's used the primary literature to teach about core topics in the field of conservation biology.  The class was driven by student discussion and a brief summary of key ideas by the professor.  The classroom environment is relaxed and fun. As long as you read the papers and attempt to participate, you can learn a lot and succeed.
5.0 : I took his conservation biology class which was discussion based. It was very informative if you paid attentin and did your readings.  Reading the assigned papers is a must in order to do well and participation in class discussions heavily effects your grade. Pop quizes are given if it seems like the majority isn't participating in the discussion.
5.0 : Conservation Biology is very interesting, you can definitely gain great knowledge in this class.  Reece made all literatures very easy to understand,  he's a great professor I'd definitely take an other class with him!
5.0 : Awesome lecturer. Lots of fun
4.0 : Dr. Reece was what I needed as a biology major.  I came away with a better understanding of how to pick apart a peer reviewed article, which isn't done enough in many other biology courses.  Reasonably challenging, not too difficult but not a walk in the park. Put in the effort and read.  Show up to class. Participate. It's an excellent class.
5.0 : Amazing professor for anyone hoping to boost their understanding of conservation bio. He has tons of experience. Taking his class is a great way to become exposed to scientific literature on conservation. This class will truly benefit your future as a biologist. If you never miss class, do your assignments, and know your material then you will pass
5.0 : Dr. Reece is a great instructor. He challenges his students to think. Not the memorize and regurgitate type of instructor. He teaches you to think and understand concepts and then shows you how to apply them. May not be the easiest but not too difficult. The most beneficial type of instructor. Take his classes you won't regret it.
4.0 : One of the most honest down to earth professors I've met on campus. Truly cares whether the students learn and understand the material. The reading portion of the class is immersive.
5.0 : Great teacher. He is very caring and very inspiring. Sometimes he may appear to be condescending but honestly he always cares about you and your grades and is always willing to listen. Prepare for a lot of reading that's totally worth it. If you don't particularly enjoy the subject he will try and make it relevant for you. Excellent choice.
5.0 : A lot of readings but exams are not that bad. He assigns readings before each class meet and when you show up to class he reinforce the main ideas of the readings. Exam questions comes from those main ideas. The only hard part about the class is the reading, get past that and you will have no trouble at all in the class. He is an amazing professor.
5.0 : I was only able to pick 3 tags, but he is so much more. Dr. Reece is passionate about his students and encourages participation. Take good notes and ask him for help. I loved his class because we were able to go more into depth on concepts in ecology. On average, you will read 3-4 scientific papers/wk and discuss them in class. Best teacher, TBH.
5.0 : Dr. Reece is honestly the best professor here. He is passionate, knowledgeable, personable, and really cares about students succeeding. Definitely recommend this class. There were a lot of readings, but that's part of the appeal; you learn to think about/apply real ecological concepts and become better at reading/analyzing papers. Favorite class!!!
5.0 : This class was helpful if you want to know if psychology is for you. She is caring, nice, yet lectures are a bit long but will be there for you if you need her to be. You learn about psych jobs, resume's, &amp; cover letters. No exams but a few short papers &amp; you go on a small field trip to Poverello House located downtown Fresno. Good class!
5.0 : She was such a  great teacher. We had to read a few books, but they were interesting. Glad I got to take her class for my writing course. If you miss a few classes and missed a  journal you were able to make it up at the end of the semester. When she gave tests there was usually a bonus questions at the end of the test. Overall it was a great class
4.0 : He has a somewhat heavy Venezuelan accent so sometimes he is a little hard to understand. He loves interacting with his students and his lectures are jam packed with information so it's important to study for the midterms in order to get a good grade on exams. Worth visiting during his office hours.
4.0 : Very peppy and understanding. One of the best professors I've had. She legitimately gives you a chance with assignments.
4.0 : 2 exams. Midterm was open book for our class. no book, he provides powerpoint booklet. 1 essay
5.0 : Siri is a great teacher! She uses real life and fun examples to engage her students into her lectures. She also creates quiz challenges using the Kahoot app  in class which we use our smartphones,  &amp; the the students who end up in top 15 don't have to take the in class quizzes! Which is great! 2 short papers. I highly recommend taking her. Easy A!
5.0 : Siri is great!! Her class was very interesting I don't think I ever got bored in her class, makes class fun, few papers to turn in but as long as you do them you should be fine. You do have to study, and the Kahoot challenge let's you skip some test if you win. Overall great class
5.0 : Siri is a FANTASTIC professor! Highly recommended! She makes every class period fun and interesting. Her assignments are very easy and she makes it possible to miss quizzes though her Kahoot challenges (preparation required). Great and enjoyable learning experience!
4.0 : She is very knowledgeable, Easy to understand, lectures are very informative and offers different perspectives.  She doesn't require attendance, but it is still worthwhile to show up to class anyway as she sometimes offers extra credit. Ends class early. Three tests, a final, and three papers. Honestly, the only negative is the class was too easy.
5.0 : Loved taking her class, I even asked her if she was teaching a different Sociology course next semester. Makes college fun and easy everyday that I was there. She cares about her students and sometimes she even provide food or snacks for the students. No homework and test were easy and straight forward. Papers were easy to understand and write.
5.0 : I wish all other professors were like Siri!! Her lectures are entertaining and she gives us so much opportunities to get an A in her class because she knows the struggle. Review the study guides, be one of the Kahoot winners and you're cleared off from taking the test. I would definitely taker her again for other courses available.
5.0 : Best teacher for sociology classes at fsu. Just go to class and participate and you will get a good grade. Test are easy as long you study the study guide. she gives food during class so that was nice. take her for any sociology class that she offers during the semester you won't regret it at all.
5.0 : The funniest, laid back professor! Sociology of Pop Culture is an interesting class as well as hilarious! Professor Siri cares for her students and is beyond understanding. Participation points are easy to get as long as you attend class. 1 paper/1 presentation, both on the same topic. Take her class, especially if you need an elective!
5.0 : 5 exams. If you win the Kahoot challenge (50% of the class), then you don't have to take the exam. Show up to class because that's how you get participation points. 1 paper and 1 presentation on the same topic. She grades very easily. As long as you try, you should pass. Very easy, fun, and interesting GE class. Free food as well!!!
3.0 : She is a very easy professor. I feel like I hardly learned anything at all. It's a very easy class if that is what you are looking for. She does try to get you to think very well though. Its a fun class, but you should stay away if you are a serious student.
5.0 : Really easy course! Siri seems to keep in mind that college students have a lot going on, and makes this class as easy as possible. If you are one of the winners of a Kahoot challenge, you can skip the test! 1 essay that was broken down into sections, very manageable. She would also bring us treats from time to time. :)
5.0 : I am a Comm major here at Fresno State &amp; I needed one more lower division GE, so naturally I chose Comm 3. Boenisch is hands down one of THE best. 3 speechs; values, informative, persuasive. You pick the topic. 10 easy quizzes, online. She encourages the book, but you can get by without it. Specific grader, clear organizer and absolutely hilarious.
5.0 : This class was so easy! I was very nervous to take this class due to my anxiety but Boenisch made it so easy and kept in mind that students get nervous about public speaking. Only 3 speeches and 10 extremely easy quizzes that are on blackboard. I definitely recommend taking her class!
5.0 : Kati is by far one of the most amazing professors you will EVER have. She actually cares about you and your learning. She really lets you feel comfortable to be yourself in this class and express opinions. Her class and her lectures are so amazing that you will look forward to this class everyday. The assignments are easy, but you learn a TON.
5.0 : Incredible teacher. You will learn so much. Very easy class. Show up and participate, easy to succeed. Truly inspirational teacher, unlike many others.
5.0 : To be honest, I wasn't the best speaker or the best person to give a speech out, but this professor was truly understanding. She would sit down and listen to you if you needed help. And the quizzes were basically a free 100 points so that is a bonus, and I would take this class again even though I get nervous from speaking in public. P.S. Easy A.
3.0 : Shes nice in a sort of way. Easy to talk to about any questions. Tough grader on presentations and on essays. For me I would not take her class for future courses, it depends on the person you are. Show up to class cause she does take attendance.
5.0 : She is so amazing and loves to talk to her students. She is very understanding and funny. I really enjoyed the class as she makes it a friendly environment. Her activities and projects are quite fun as long as you approach them with an open mentality. So glad I was able to have her as my communications professor.
5.0 : Stephen was a lab instructor for MATH 4R. He was such a pleasure to have as a lab instructor, super chill, very laid back, knew his algebra for sure. He was attractive as well, so that was a plus
5.0 : He's very helpful
5.0 : This is the most caring Professor I ever had at Fresno State. He is extremely helpful and fair.  He is knowledgeable and wants you to learn. I wish to take more classes with him.
5.0 : He's pretty cool. You have to come to class to get the grade but he's willing to help every chance he gets. You're better off in this class than others.
1.0 : His ideas are very difficult to understand. During lab he just sat in the front of the class and played on his computer, and let the TA do everything. He tested on things he never even talked about. Several times he said he would not set an assignment for that day, and then 20 minutes later gave an assignment.
5.0 : Great professor. Cares about student. Goes around to make sure students are on track and not just staring around from confusion. Pretty friendly with students The professor doesn't teach a class called ENGR 40 and I don't even think the department offers a class with that name so I have no idea what the other review is.
4.0 : Great professor and a nice guy! I highly recommend him.
5.0 : An amazing Professor who really cares about his students. I wish he teaches upper division classes. I was hoping to take ECE 128 with him this Fall, but I don't see him teaching that.
5.0 : # 1 professor in ECE department.
2.0 : When taking this ECE 1 class I had no idea what he was talking about. He expects you to know a lot about circuits and a good amount of knowledge about ECE which as a freshman I had no clue what he was talking about
1.0 : He is a funny guy but just goes on too many rants. Never sure if we have homework because he isn't very clear about it. No one in the class ever knows what is going on and what we are supposed to be doing. The most we learned was during the soldering unit when we had a guest teacher, while our real teacher was on his laptop the whole time.
5.0 : Professor Ziad explains concepts clearly. This class is very easy if you spend time and do the experiments on your own and ask for his help. Even he helps you with the materials outside the class time in his office if you ask.
5.0 : Excellent Professor!
5.0 : She is a really great professor. She makes sure that every student in the class really understands the material before a quiz or a test. She is really understanding about missing classes as long as you give a valid excuse. She is easy to access outside of class. Class isn't difficult. Really good at explaining things that are super boring.
4.0 : She was a great professor! I do warn that this class says French lit and culture but it definitely focuses on french HISTORY and lit. Don't go in expecting a romantic french class. Reading required for every class. Attendance weighs heavy. Take notes and pay attn in class. One rough draft then final draft paper. Only final exam. 8 journals.
5.0 : She is a wonderful teacher who loves what shes doing. There are a lot of books to read in this class and she makes sure everyone is on the same page (literally and figuratively) before moving on. She tries to stir up thought in class lectures and it helped me think deeper about the texts. Definitely take her if you need a class that she teaches
4.0 : She's really nice. My class didn't participate too much and it would make it awkward but she would end up just answering her own questions. She's a fast grader and easy grader also. Got an A on my essay that was pretty much trash.
4.0 : Lots of reading. 1st book was awful but they get better. (Actually enjoyed reading the last few) Prof has a difficult time getting the class to participate. She really tried. She grades very fair on the paper and final. You just need to be able to prove in your work that you have read the assigned text. Some books are available in audio format.
5.0 : Dr. Banh was one of the best teachers I have ever taken at Fresno State. She is very passionate about Asian American studies and issues. She pushes us to do our best. We have weekly reading assignments, midterm, final, debate and an infographic. At first we are all afraid of the work and her but she turned out to be so brilliant and helpful.
5.0 : excellent prof!always willing to help students! very insightful and entertaining professor! loved her outfits as well! very professional!  inspired me to take more anthropology classes! keeps the class engaged and is very interested in helping us to succeed. best professor I've taken her at state.
5.0 : Dr. Banh is one of the sweetest, kind, and caring professor I have ever met! She's so genuine and very helpful. She makes the class fun and interesting and very passionate with her Asian American studies. She let the students create half of her midterm test and the final. She's very nice and cool. Her class was easy A. She gave out tons of EC too!!
5.0 : Dr. Banh is super sweet and wants to help you out, but he teaching style is a bit scattered. It's a major class, so I needed to take it, but it was not my cup of tea. The content was repetitive, but it was an easy A, I just didn't want to redo one of the assignments for a higher grade.
5.0 : Very good instructor! She gives extra credit for each exam! She wants to make sure that you understand what you are learning.  I would take another course with her!
4.0 : this class is so easy! just make sure you stay on track with assignments and quizzes and you'll be fine. the midterm and final is just two short essays
5.0 : Amazing woman! So inspiring, I learned a lot in her class. I would recommend taking her even if you're not a CDDS major, its a great class and fairly easy
5.0 : Rosemary is an amazing professor! She responds back to every email &amp; will work around her students. Easy grader as long as you give her something to grade. Loves to tell stories to help students understand. TAKE HER!
5.0 : She is the sweetest person ever and she truly cares about each of her students. We only had one major writing assignment about an influential Deaf person and their background, works, etc. The final was a writing assignment and she gives you everything you need to know for it. Take her! You won't regret it.
5.0 : Hamilton is very passionate about his class and he is helpful when someone has a question or misunderstanding. In the beginning of the semester, he asks the students what they want to learn in class and he tries his best to focus on those areas. Very easy class, especially since the topics are interesting. Great class, would take again.
5.0 : Professor Hamilton is a great professor! He makes sure that students understand the concepts. He lectures and shows videos. It's not a difficult course. One just needs to attend class for participation points and do well on the exams. There is a group presentation due towards the end of the semester which isn't difficult. I highly recommend him!
4.0 : Amber is a sweet teacher, gives good information. Sometimes rushes through material which can be difficult to learn on your own. Overall good teacher, homework is minimal, one essay throughout semester HUGE impact on grade.
5.0 : Amber is very young but she is very knowledgable and passionate about the subject matter! She is a wonderful professor and is more than willing to explain things over and over again if you do not understand. Show up, participate, and turn in your assignments on time and you will pass the class. A lot of opportunities for extra credit!
5.0 : Hands down one of the best prof. He really cares about his students and wants them to pass.  nicest prof. I have ever met, he extends his assignment to help students to have time to finish their other work for social work classes. He is understandable and will work with any students. Gives good personal stories of his field. Highly Recommend
5.0 : recommend!! Easy A if you study for his quizzes and tests... his lectures are exactly what the tests are going to be on! 1 major writing assignment but easy topic. Not a crim major but I loved this class!
5.0 : I loved Mrs. Halvorsen! I got an A in her class but I worked for it. She is very passionate and makes the reading fun. She is also very willing to help anyone who needs help and asks for it. You must show up to class though, and you will be doing a LOT of reading.
4.0 : New to the university. Great teacher, very helpful. Wants everyone to pass. Clear notes, study guides same as test. Group work. Attending the class helps if you want to pass tests.
4.0 : Good professor, wants you to pass and will help you as much as he can. Dont skip class even though its tempting, study guide is same as the test. Honestly hard to learn because he can only lecture for 10 minutes and then you work on a problem with your group the rest of the time.
5.0 : Erik is a great teacher and is totally lay backed. His grading criteria is clear on what is expected and about 3/4 of the class YOU peer review poems that you made. He give great feedback on how to make your poems better and will show you how to get "published" if your into that. The mid-term and Final are very easy and you give one presentation.
5.0 : Will make you a better writer. Poetry workshops are a great time to learn about your writing and what you can do to improve.
5.0 : Took a 4hr class so a bit long but solid dude, basically just do all the easy writing assignments and show up and you'll get an A
5.0 : Fun easy class. Some lecture, mostly workshop where you read and talk about the poems you write. Very chill teacher, easy to talk to if you have questions.
5.0 : This was a LAB, but by far the best class I have taken at Fresno State. I love Reo! 10/10 recommend! (no textbook, just lab manual)
4.0 : Has a laid back personality, caring, and funny. Will lecture for 1 hour then rest of class is for you to study on your own but he will answer questions. Attendance isn't mandatory but use the time wisely. He isn't hard, but the lab exams are hard so study a lot. Lab manual is only required during some labs. Overall good class and he does he's best.
5.0 : He's such a great teacher. Honestly, he is the best professor I have had at state. He gives great feedback and is super caring and cares a lot about people passing his class. He is amazing and hopefully I will take him again.
5.0 : You will have a good time in class. He evenly splits time to lecture and do hands-on work. He does his very best to assist each student individually, but don't worry you are allowed to help each other in assignments and are big help. 3 exams including final, Some homework, 6 quizzes, 1 group project. I highly recommend him for any IS class he teach
5.0 : Great professor overall. He is very fair when it comes to grading and will help you to understand the material. You need a lab book in order to complete the labs. You can manage the semester without the lecture book since the slides that he uploads on BB have the same information. Definitely recommend this professor.
3.0 : Canelon is very respectful and will get back to you in a fair time. Lots of work towards the end of the semester, makes you download things for windows. Some assignments couldn't be accessed by my mac laptop which sucks. Easy quizzes, tests are a bit annoying. You need to take it in the testing center.
5.0 : Professor Sosse is amazing. She truly cares about her students and makes sure everyone understands the subject. Her lectures are very clear and if you pay attention, you'll definitely pass the quizzes. I would recommend her as a Bio lab instructor.
5.0 : I learned more in one semester in his class than 3 years in high school and community college. Prof. Andrade is very always very helpful and funny sometimes.
5.0 : I am glad to have taken class with Prof. Andrade. He is very nice and understanding. Good teaching techniques even when using the VHL program. He has humor and make class fun. There is a lot working with partners but nothing hard. I just wish he was more stricter because rude students do take advantage of his nice character.
4.0 : Good teacher. Daily participation points required. 4 possible opt outs for participation. Grades hard on papers. Nice teacher. Easy to talk to. Will read draft papers so you can edit for final grade.
4.0 : I personally really enjoyed his class. The subject can be hard to understand but he takes the time to make it easier. It may seem intimaditing at first to have to participate in every class but if you do the reading youll be fine. He would randomly call on a student to answer somewhat easy questions. I honestly wouldnt stress this class.
4.0 : Professor Chapman is caring and quick to respond to any questions. Every class you'll have a quiz and do group work, so you must attend. There are 4 exams and they are primarily essay questions; only a few (5-10) multiple choice questions (or none at all).  You'll also have 2 group presentations. She doesn't do power points, so take good notes.
4.0 : Dr. Chapman is a genuine and very knowledgeable person. Sometimes she can come off as rude but that's probably just the way she is. Class is fairly simple: mainly lectures, projects (including a group one), journals, and two tests (essay format). Just make sure you take good notes because there's no PowerPoint or visual aid to help you.
4.0 : Dr. Chapman is a great teacher. I would recommend her to anyone. She knows a lot about her subject (youth at risk), she has a lot of experience with adolescence that are at risk. Good class!
5.0 : Professor Roach is such a great professor. I was really nervous to take Theory this semester because a lot of people have said It was hard, but Prof. Roach makes it so easy for you to understand. She wants you to do well. Her final review helped out sooo much for the final. Her weekly homework assignments are super easy.
5.0 : Professor Roach made this course very  enjoyable and clear to understand. She uploads her PowerPoints after every class, so you don't have to worry about notes. Her study guides are also very helpful. Pay attention, review the power points, and the A will come naturally :)
5.0 : This class is so interesting and relatable. She is really passionate about what she teaches and the class is such a stress-free environment. There are no study guides for the exams but the power points, notes and quizzes on the online homework is good enough to help you pass! Various extra credit opportunities are also available. Truly recommend
4.0 : Amazing Professor! Pretty Easy class if you show up and pay attention during his lectures. He does not require the book but it is helpful.
5.0 : Dr. K is one of the most caring professors in the Kinesiology department. You have to try hard not to pass his class. Only 3 test. Not a stressful class
5.0 : Awesome professor
4.0 : She is really talkative but makes the lecture interesting. There are a few quizzes which she uses the same questions for the midterms, so pay attention to those quizzes!! There is also a group project and have to volunteer for 2 different nonprofits, one is for the group project and there other is independent. Just do the work and show up to class
5.0 : Amazing teacher! This professor is so understanding and helpful. It is important to show up to class but if you miss he is very understanding. Really helps you understand Spanish, will push exams or homework back if you are learning at a slower rate or if he feels more practice is needed. Most important, he genuinely wants you to do well.
4.0 : Rachel is awesome and really does care for students success. She is very approachable and is always willing to answer any questions or give a further explanation, if needed. Very knowledgeable in the field.
5.0 : Amanda is an amazing professor. It's a 4 units class so expect to write and have deadlines close by.  Book is mandatory with attendance and participation. Follow her guidelines on what she wants you to do and you can pass her class. Grammar and sentence structure is a plus because that can cause you points on your papers. Ask for help if needed!
4.0 : her point system is intense you have 3 grammar test, weekly online journals, in class writing journals, 3 reflection percies, weekly readings, and 4 pg research brief with a power point presentation. shes a smarty for sure but shes helpful and caring and will help you along the way, but she's tough expect to be challenged and worked hard.
5.0 : She's awesome! There are a lot of assignments but they're pretty easy. Read the book because the test questions are hard. Good luck! I would take her again.
5.0 : She is a great professor! Very sweet and her class is super easy. 3 multiple choice test 25 questions that are on blackboard and one paper that you write throughout the semester within sections and put it all together for your final. Very easy class and amazing professor.
4.0 : Very caring professor, many small assignments and she usually gives whole points if you at least try. 3 Exams that are a bit difficult, you must read chapters. The exams are also online, but must be present during class.
4.0 : Probably the easiest class I've ever taken. She's so sweet and kind but she will not accept her students trying to get over on her so just do what you're supposed to do and you'll get an A
5.0 : Compared to other professors that teach the same course, he really does care about the well-being of his students. He gives out lots of examples and uses his powerpoints in a way where the most complex concepts seem like a walk in the park. He literally made me enjoy math again.
3.0 : Ok professor, do your work and you'll be fine although there is a sizable amount of work to be done.
5.0 : Miss Haines is student's ideal teacher. She went to Fresno State and was a political science major herself. She understands the fact that political science is a subject that most students dread. She makes it relatable and interesting through her personal experience and humor. If you want a professor who is passionate about a subject, then take her.
5.0 : Great professor who is very passionate about her subject and knows what she is teaching. Covers everything on lectures for the exams and make sure to keep in touch with the textbook. There's 7 quickwrites, 5 exams, a reflection, and a final group presentation. She tells funny stories sometimes!
4.0 : Redefines the term, "easy A." No attendance taken, no quizzes or tests. Only grades are homework, volunteer hours, and a paper at the end of the semester. Easy grader.
5.0 : Cool professor. Most ENTR classes are once a week so 3 hours a day. He usually ends super early. Super easy weekly journal entries and easy hw assignments (like watch a movie) No tests, just 3 projects which are fairly easy especially with a partner or group, up to you. I don't think attendance is mandatory but why not go, it's only once a week
5.0 : He is an AMAZING professor! Definitely enjoyed taking his class. It is discussion based so you get to really give your opinion and interact with other students. He is open to helping you with anything you need help with. He is very passionate about what he teaches, very great teacher. I definitely recommend taking his class.
5.0 : He really cares about Chicano Studies. You get to see presentations on a broad range of topics. Make sure to participate he doesnt give out quizzes unless he feels the class did not do the assigned reading or watch assigned videos which you discuss in class. You sign in for attendance. Fresno State is lucky to have him. Easy assignments.
5.0 : Dr. Luis Fernando Macías is a great professor. This was his first year but he is an amazing professor who is willing to help and clarify any confusion. He is very understanding and open minded. He really help open your mind about the social issues that exist in America. If you are on top of your reading, participate, do your work you you will pass.
5.0 : I'm currently enrolled in his class. There are quizzes, homework, and study modules for every chapter. He is very caring and wants students to know their stuff. He also has extra sessions outside of class time. He's very easy to get along with. This is also his first semester teaching at Fresno State. Best and most inspirational professor I've had.
3.0 : I don't like giving neg ratings but Dr. Parra asks a lot from his students, especially regarding quizzes. He expects you to know the material w/o any lecture. Each ch has a quiz. There's not enough time to study the material before he moves on to the next ch. The whole course feels rushed and unorganized and a lot of students in the class agree.
5.0 : Dr. Parra is a great person. He's super nice and wants to help students but he asks a lot of his students. He switches up how he takes attendance and how he does quizzes. Bring your laptop everyday for quizzes and be prepared to download software so he knows you're not cheating. But to give him the benefit of the doubt it is his first year here.
4.0 : Honestly, one of the best professors I've had at Fresno State thus far. He may change the way he teaches you throughout the semester but it's only to benefit you and help you learn. Be ready for weekly homework and quizzes. Take advantage of E.C. opportunities and study hard for the first exams. Currently sitting at over 100% in his class. Just try
4.0 : she is a very qualified professor, puts everything we need on blackboard replies to emails super fast, always there to explain materials &amp; answers questions. course is sometimes challenging &amp; stressful but she appreciate effort. projects are time consuming but she is always available &amp;easy to approach. highly recommend for interior design majors.
5.0 : Professor Sowles is always available. If she isn't in the classroom she is in her office available to talk or answer questions. Her classes require attendance so that she make suggestions on your projects. She is clear in grading criteria but allows you to explore your own ideas. All reading material is interesting. Strongly recommend her!
5.0 : Shes one of the best professors Ive ever had. You are allowed to revise your papers as much as you want to get the grade you want. All test and homework are online she tells you to work with a friend. On big research paper due but you get to work as a group on it. Just show up and put effort and you will pass.
4.0 : Awesome professor. Have a good style of teaching.
5.0 : Great lectures.
5.0 : Just show up and bowl you will be in groups of 3 and play four games a night. He will teach you how to bowl and really want you to succeed in the sport. You only get to miss three class. But talk to him if it's an event for club or work and won't mark you absent. also, the class is really fun and you will make some great friends.
5.0 : Professor Crane is super hilarious but he is super passionate when he talks about what he does. He's slightly young but he has tons of experience. His class was fun. Attendance does matter in his class. Group project was also fun and I learned a lot in his course. I would definitely take him again!
5.0 : We had reading responses due almost every week. There were two large papers and a group project (presentation). Participation and attendance matters a lot in class. If you don't participate during classroom discussions, your grade would lower. You have to work really hard for an A but it is possible.
5.0 : Jeff is literally the best teacher you can take! He is easy going, hilarious, and makes you feel comfortable. This was a discover-E tablet course, but it was great. No textbook, just watch lecture videos online and have to write 5 video lecture responses, 1 midterm paper, 1 group powerpoint project, and 1 final paper. Participation matters!!!
5.0 : Dr. Sharma is the sweetest professor, she is very understanding and cares so much for her students. She is amazing and I will take her again!
5.0 : Dr. Mercado is an astonishing professor women's studies is lucky to have her. Her lectures are informative and very inspiring, she is funny and made the class by so fast. I took Latina health with her and it was so much more than I expected (for the better), we did a Zumba event that was fun to put together and an amazing learning experience.
4.0 : She's a cool professor but her lectures drag on. Sometimes they can last longer than the class period and she ends up cramming A LOT of information. One simple paper that's 500-700 words, a group project, and two tests the whole semester. She does give extra credit so do them! She likes anime too which is a plus!
5.0 : Overall good professor. There's no book required but you do have to read online articles before class. If you attend class you will definitely do good but if you are always skipping class I doubt you will.
4.0 : I loved Stotlar! Great personality and made me want to go to my 8am. Her class is pretty simple assignment wise, two papers, a group project, midterm &amp; final so the usual, but you HAVE to attend class as the lectures she teaches are very information filled &amp; she doesn't upload them online. The midterm &amp; final are all about them.
4.0 : YOU LEARN HOW TO PLAY PIANO. For beginners, it can be extremely difficult because she lectures very fast. Not only do you have hard quizzes but the midterm and final are also difficult. You have to learn 9 songs through out the semester. Shes actually a great and caring professor and person you just have to be very dedicated to her class to pass
3.0 : Good professor
5.0 : Professor Sarofim is amazing. Hes passionate about teaching and cares greatly for his students. Easy to respect. He is very encouraging, and loves when his students do well. He grades super easy, but there are only 2 tests, which are a HUGE part of your grade. Your project is also big, but honestly very easy class. Should get an A, but well see.
5.0 : Professor Sarofim is by far one of the BEST professors I've had at CSUF! He genuinely cares about his students &amp; teaching us something new so class is enjoyable. Lectures &amp; concepts are easy to understand if you show up to class. You will NOT understand notes if you get them from a classmate because he goes into great detail when he lectures
4.0 : DeJordy is a cool guy. Really liked taking him. Not the easiest or most organized teacher in the world, but one of the most pleasant and wholesome for sure. Negotiations class so attendance is required. Some papers that he grades fairly on. Tests are tough but allows cheat sheets so that's the tradeoff. Overall a really solid professor new to State
5.0 : Really chill teacher that loves what she teaches and motivates you to learn about interpreting and translating. Has easy quizzes once every week or two weeks from vocabulary or small readings. Books are a must for an easy A. Would take this class again no doubt.
5.0 : She is such an amazing professor. This class mainly consists of group projects but as long as you do your part you'll get an A. She offers LOTS of extra credit that can be easily gained by just playing and winning a review game for the test. All lectures are on blackboard and that's all you need to pass the exams. SUPER EASY tests &amp; assignments.
5.0 : Show up and youll get an A
5.0 : easy class just show up, we only meet once a week, no test no midterm nor final, half of the class is discussion with class other half of class is taking notes which isn't even mandatory since there is no test or quiz.
5.0 : She's Australian and has an accent but is easy to understand. She is clear on what to expect on test. There are 4 test and each one is after a unit which are pretty easy. Going into the class I heard bad things about linguistics but after taking this course I learned a lot and really enjoyed it.
5.0 : Professor Howard is amazing! She is very nice and funny and I would recommend everyone take her. Her class is easy and I feel I learned a great deal from her. I would take another class by her in a heartbeat!
5.0 : The class includes a lot of work but, she is very willing to help. Don't miss class. If you complete all your homework and meet expectations on essays you will easily pass the class.
5.0 : This class is very easy and not hard at all. There is not a lot of work just two big papers and no final just a portfolio. SHOW UP TO CLASS. SHE IS WILLING TO HELP DON'T BE AFRAID. She's super nice and very understanding.
5.0 : This is a simple class, just go to lecture and study for exams. She is an interesting lady, she enjoys interaction from her students. Overall, it is an easy class to pass if you study and read.
5.0 : Easy A
5.0 : Took him for decision sciences 71, he's very funny and always positive. Very uplifting. The class is semi easy,you can pass! he's there to help so ask questions. 4 exams plus final, sometimes gives class assignments at the end of class, no textbook needed, quizzes online, homework is due before exam dates, at times gives extra credit. TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Funny teacher who enjoys teaching. He explains things in their simplicity. Super easy class. This class is not boring. If you can, take his class for DS71.
5.0 : I don't think I'd pass this class if it wasn't for the lab section. Mr. Hatcher made labs easy to understand and when I had difficulty understanding the concepts he would help me to find the answer. I mean he wouldn't give it to me lol but now I won't forget the material...I hope at least. It was definitely better than the lecture section.
5.0 : By far the BEST lab teacher I have ever had. He knew we would not learn much from lecture, so he helped us so much in lab! He wants you to understand the material and succeed. The best part is he very personable! Im not one to usually ask questions but he made it easy for me to ask and did not make me feel stupid. Highly recommend him!
5.0 : AWESOME LAB TEACHER! Seriously made the lab so easy to understand bc honestly the lecture section didn't help me at all. Some labs didn't even relate to lecture, but he would break it down so we could understand it, including physics! He really wants you to learn and pass the class. He's really passionate about teaching and life in general lol
5.0 : Dr AJ is smart and is very knowledgeable in his field. I would recommend taking him. Lectures can be a little boring but he is a good prof.
5.0 : Eric was my lab instructor for kines116. He did a great job considering that the lecture section, different teacher, pretty much taught us nothing. Eric stepped up and pretty much did a lecture and lab at the same time. He's big on participation, so don't expect to get the answers. All in all a solid choice for the lab section.
5.0 : Wonderful teacher. She explains concepts quite well during lectures so pay attention. You can print out lecture notes to help you follow along. Short tests but questions have multiple parts to them. Replaces lowest test grade with final if you do better on final. Online hw- do them. Helps you figure out what you do or dont know.
5.0 : Mrs Ortiz is an amazing instructor and a real gem at Fresno State. She takes her time and explains every concept thoroughly and has no problem answering any questions you may have. She takes roll everyday and leaving early is a no-no, BUT her in-class problems are almost identical to her exams and homework so with some studying you will get that A!
4.0 : Very good and passionate instructor. Polisci is naturally an easier subject so lectured are easy to follow, you can probably afford to miss a couple classes, but dont take the chance closer to a midterm because he gives out very detailed and exact study guides. Also DO THE EXTRA CREDIT ESSAYS WHEN THEYRE AVAILABLE. They will offer a huge cushion
5.0 : Mr. Chavez is younger professor with a lot of knowledge, he is awesome. Gives very clear grading criteria and multiple extra credit options if needed. Definitely go to as many classes as possible but won't break your grade if you miss a few days. The subject of political science is boring for me personally but I would definitely recommend him.
5.0 : He is an awesome professor. I took him for Spanish 1B and he helped me refresh my Spanish a lot. Class attendance is mandatory, he gives you two free absents but after that he takes off points from your grade. A couple of essays (1-2 pages each) that aren't hard and a group project. Study and ask for help when you need it. Overall a good professor.
4.0 : Professor Contreras was a good professor, I had taken him for Spanish 1B. He is very helpful and caring but he is also strict on your attendance. He only gives you two excused absences after that, he will dock off 1% from your grade. There are a couple of 1-2 page essays, lots of hw and group project. Tests can be hard sometimes but ask for help.
5.0 : Portfolio class--full credit &amp; feedback on all assignments, you revise and resubmit for your grade. Regular readings and small assignments. Service-learning component is valuable job experience. Great professor, cares about students and very approachable and helpful if you have questions or get stuck.
5.0 : Kelly is one of my favorite professors here at Fresno state . She only gave us online quizzes for test , 1 group presentation, and 1 final paper . She is so sweet. If you get a bad grade on a quiz you re do it and return it . The max amount of questions was only like 8. I highly recommend her !
