4.5 : This was a feminism class and I loved every minutes of it. Dr. Waites is interesting and engaging as is the material. Her tests are involved (ten response questions in an hour) and she expects all papers to be well written and researched, but she will  go over it with you before hand. She's a wonderful professor and I'm definitely taking her again.
1.0 : if you can , AVOID HER! she isn't clear about what she expects!! if you are a Bio major-- don't take her! no matter how hard you try, she will give you bad grades!
4.5 : Professor Waites is an excellent professor, and is extremely helpful and understanding. I've had her for American Literature I, as well as Gender Studies, and she is, by far, one of the most helpful teachers I have ever had. She's a tough grader, but she's fair. To pass her class, make sure to do the readings. I'd recommend her.
5.0 : I loved Dr. Waites!  She's a little strict about attendance/tardiness, but other than that, she's fine.  She explains ALL the readings IN DETAIL during class.  Make sure you're ready to take A LOT of notes!  I literally wrote down everything she said, and that's exactly what she asked for in her papers. A lot of busy work, but super easy &amp; nice!
5.0 : Dr. Waites is an amazing professor. Would highly recommend taking a literature class with her, no matter what your major is.
4.5 : Dr. Waites is a very good professor, and every second spent in her class was fun. She's great at keeping you focused and intrigued. Of course reading is a necessity, it's a literature class, so be prepared to read. If you do your work, you'll succeed.
5.0 : The kind of teacher that will change your life if U open your mind. Cares deeply about others. Willing 2 help if U R willing 2 ask &amp; work. Amazing listener. True scholar. Old school, the way it should be. Lot's of great discussion in class. Fun, profound, &amp; a place where you will grow as a person. Understanding &amp; compassionate. Learn like Harvard.
3.0 : Dr. Waites is a nice lady, but I should not have taken this course. The class discussions were interesting, but the testsessays were overwhelming. Waites is not clear about what she expects, tough grader, and often times you have to correct her. If you can AVOID, please do. If not, READ, SHOW UP, PARTICIPATE, ask questions, WRITE DOWN EVERYTHING.
3.5 : We had to get three textbooks for this class that basically had all of the same info in it. Huge money waster! To be honest, I got an A without reading (browsing from time to time) one chapter because I paid attention in the discussions. Take notes in these because you will have to WRITE for tests and essays. She's a sweet lady who's there for you.
5.0 : One of the most amazing teachers I have ever had. English/Writing doesn't come easy to me,my writing skills definitely needed some serious work. I learned so much from this teacher,and she has the most wonderful personality,and compassion towards teaching as well as her students. Participate,do the readings,and seek help when needed. She's great!
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE IF YOU ARE A BIO MAJOR. I took her online and she is the hardest grader. She has so many papers, and discussion posts as well. Ridiculous amount of work for an elective. I ended up with a C+ and I tried.
4.0 : Definetly one of the best professors I've had at NSU. She's very passionate about she does and is always there for her. She gives 4 essay type tests, 2 essays, and 4 thesis exercises. Pick her, you won't be disappointed!
1.5 : I had Dr Hall for two classes and I would not want to take her again.  She teaches a view of something as fact!  She will mock you in front of the class if you don't agree with her.  She has a very closed mind!  I found her classes boring.  I passed both classes, but would not want to waste my time again!
4.0 : Overall, I recommend Professor Laszlo. I had him for Theory Of Computation. While the content of the course is difficult, he's very willing to take time to elaborate on any questions. 7 HWs and 1 cumalative final, all online. Tough grader and gives little partial credit. Tough, but doable final. Effort required for the A. Curves the final grade.
5.0 : This class gave a broad overview of OpenGL and the various technologies that go with it.  The professor was very knowledgeable on the subject.   The course book was good and provided background material to draw upon.  We learned to use Three JS, which I've already used to create several complex visualizations for my job as a data scientist.
2.0 : This graduate level course in "Computer Graphics" was entirely programming in the long outdated VRML 3D programming language that Wikipedia says "has never seen much serious widespread use". VRML is long ago replaced by X3D, which is being replaced by HTML5 which needs no browser plug-in and is hardware accelerated. The course was largely useless.
5.0 : All those with programming experience will find this course extremely easy and fun. The language used was Ruby. While at times I did had to research outside the class for additional info, the lectures were well informed. 5 HWs and a Final project (No exam)
5.0 : Very knowledgeable of subject matter, has a research interest in AOP, which can lead to dissertation ideas for undecided students. You will learn about AOP on a technical level in this class. Slow grader. Low point was the group project, difficult for a distance program, had one member literally submit his part a few hours before midnight deadline.
5.0 : He's an awesome professor. His assignments are clear and he tries to make them as similar as the stuff you actually see in the industry as he can. He's eloquent and always answer your questions in a friendly manner. Has a lo of experience as well, including having worked for Apple, IBM and 20+ years of teaching.
5.0 : This class happens to be one of the most easiest in the MS program, provided you have programming exp. Works is still required as this is not undergrad. 1 research paper (8-15 pages), 4 assignments containing questions and programming from the book and a final. Easy grader and  provides of feedback. Highly recommend.
2.5 : I wouldn't mind taking this professor again however I am not sure if he is too understanding about certain situations.
4.0 : Great professor is understanding and gives great feedback and the discussions are so interesting They relate perfectly to the reading and essays. He is engaged and a fair professor also he grades on a curveTake him for an online class. essays and quizzes always due but it will be well worth it, you come out learning alotthat is rare from an online
4.0 : Dr. Manyak is an awesome teacher. He is very involved in the online group discussions. He is pretty good about answering your questions in a timely manner. The work is pretty straightforward. As long as you participate and get the work done I do not see why you would not get an A. Best online class I have taken.
4.0 : Took Honors Chick Flicks with her. Class involves watching movies, reading novels and writing. She does expect you to read a lot in a little amount of time, and she is NOT an easy grader when it comes to writing. But overall, she is a fair and nice teacher.
4.5 : Prof. Ferriss is well structured and organized. Her presentation is very clear and informative. I also like her personality. She is humorous and friendly. I can strongly recommend her.
4.0 : Her class is very interesting and she is very passionate about the material which makes class all the better. She is a tough grader though and we only had two major papers in class so it was critical to do well. There is a lot of reading and she gives a simple quiz on the reading every class but does not grade too strictly on these.
4.5 : I took this class online. I felt like I was being graded more on my writing ability than my interpretation of the reading material. She provided a lot of good feedback on my essays and I improved with each assignment; however, I felt she expected too much. I put in a lot of effort, but ended up with an average grade. Very difficult to get an A.
5.0 : Dr.G is by far one of the best chemistry professors you can take. He really makes you work for grade to make sure you fully get the concepts, but as long as you pay attention in class, ask questions and do the problems online, you will do well.
4.0 : Has high expectations, but is willing to help you. I would take a class from him again.
5.0 : If you have the chance to take Dr. G, do yourself a favor and take it! Chem isn't supposed to be easy. His tests were very fair and brought no surprises. This class provides an GREAT basis for Organic Chem and Biochem, all of which will help you in DAT, MCAT, etc. Don't take the easy way out you'll regret it! I got an A in chem 1 and 2 with him!!
5.0 : Dr. G is one of the best professors at Nova You will have to work your ass off in order to succeed but it is worth it.
5.0 : Dr. G was the greatest Chem prof I've ever had.  I struggled and hated chem before his class but with his help I was able to get my first A on a chem test and I learned how to write a kick butt lab report.  He's SUPER helpful so don't be afraid to go to his office hours.  If you put in the work you'll see results.  His tests are hard but worth it!
5.0 : Probably one of the best professors that NSU has to offer. Please take his class seriously and do your work. You will be able to understand chemistry topics but the exams are difficult so cramming will not help. I recommend taking him to get a good understanding of chemistry which will be a good basis for the orgo 1 and 2 and biochem!!
4.0 : For starters he's an excellent professor. You're going to have to work hard for a B in his class because he's a super tough grader. Tests are difficult, but are based on the practice tests on his website. Good luck keeping up with his notes. He truly cares about his students and wants to prepare them for the future/see them succeed.
5.0 : Prior to taking his class, I had no chemistry background ... literally. Without doubt, Dr. Giarikos prepared me extremely well for future chemistry courses. Like anything, you have to work for your grade. However, if you put in the effort and not procrastinate for his tests, you will have no problem. I would definitely take him again in the future!
5.0 : Grest teacher overall. There aren't any tests and she makes the lectures very interesting. Her class was very fun also. The midterm and final are very easy. Probably my favorite teacher so far.
5.0 : Awesome professor! No Final or Midterm, just a paper.  However, if your writing is not what it needs to be, it is highly suggested that you see a tutor because this professor does review the grammatical errors, if any.  Also, prepare to read for this class.
5.0 : Best class ever taken so far at NSU! I thought that because it would be a death &amp; dying class it would be boring but OMG NO!! We cried, we laughed, and got to know each other in such a deep level. The way she makes the class get engaged is amazing. She has a gift for teaching! TAKE HER!!!!
4.5 : I took this class online. It was great and the professor was great. By default, Psychology is a subject that involves lots of reading. So, we had to do lots of reading and long but very interesting discussion board posts. She was ver y engaging and made the class interesting because she created questions that made you think outside of the box.
5.0 : Amazing! If I ever take another psychology class it'd only be with her!
5.0 : Professor Zadak is probably one of the nicest professors at Nova, if not the nicest. She is willing to take time out of her day to help you out if you need it. Her class was very interesting and I found that I learned about not just psychology, but myself. I recommend her for anyone looking to take the class. Shes the best!
5.0 : Beautiful inside and out. Truly cares about her students. An easy A, but a class in which you will still learn and grow from. Very applicable to daily life.
4.5 : Dr. Zadak is wonderful. Her beauty is quite distracting but she is a great teacher. Explains things well and helps you through anything. No final or quizzes-just the paper. Her lectures are deep and really interesting.
3.0 : Just show up and do the (4 or 5) assignments for a good grade. No tests or quizzes at all. Midterms and finals were just an essays. Textbook not really necessary, you can find everything on google.
5.0 : She teaches good! Her class is very basic. Your grade in the class is based off of 5 tests. The tests are all multiple choice and not difficult.
4.5 : Take Science Fiction and Fantasy Lit!!! Jackson is soo incredibly helpful!! She gives so much feedback and will reply to any and all emails in a very timely manner. There are quizzes almost every class, but you just need to read to pass! Its very easy! The essays and thesis proofs are not bad as well! YOU WATCH MOVIES TOO! VERY interesting class!!
4.5 : Science Fiction and Fantasy Lit is a great class, both because of the subject matter and because of Prof. Jackson. She assigns stories for nearly every class, but they're all things you can knock out in an hour or two, at most. Do the reading and you'll ace the quizzes, plus she's more than willing to review papers and offer useful suggestions.
4.0 : Dr. Jackson is so awesome. One of the smartest people when it comes to literature. She gives a ton of mini reading quizzes, so read and you'll do fine. She's a fun professor. Take her if you can!
4.5 : Overall, Dr. Jackson is a good professor, friendly, and easy to reach. Jackson is very picky and I also believes she grades students based on her history with them. As this was an 8 week course, the work was fairly easy, but increased toward the end. Make sure to have the materials and read. The class discussions were great, you must participate.
4.5 : Dr. Jackson is a very good professor. I had to take her class because it was required. Her quizzes are fairly easy if you read before each class. She is a tough grader when it comes to essays.
5.0 : I took MAC 1105 ONLINE and passed with an A. Class was not easy online but the teacher was there for me any time I needed her; she gave partial credit for points missed on proctored tests if I asked. Hard class to take online, you need to be good at math, otherwise you will not pass. It has nothing to do with the teacher, math online is hard.
5.0 : Stieve is a cool dude. He knows his stuff and keeps things interesting. He's pretty funny sometimes and if you're genuinely interested in the course, you'll pass.
4.5 : Awesome professor. Hilarious and never a dull moment while still being thorough in covering the material. Learned A LOT while enjoying the course. Real life lessons, guest speakers. Wish I could take every class with this professor.
5.0 : This guy is the bomb! Loved his class. I learned a lot.
5.0 : Prof. Orta is the best professor ever, I took two classes with him. Too bad i couldn't take more.  I enjoyed all his lectures, he is funny and very understanding.  He would definitely work with you if you have any issues.  Bottom line, take his class you will not regret it. :)
4.5 : Awesome professor. Very funny, never a dull moment.
5.0 : Prof. Orta is such a wonderful professor. A lawyer by trade, his real life experiences and exposures really seep into the class. Flat out hilarious and fun to be around, a 4 hour class feels like 30 minutes. PLEASE do yourself a favor and take him at all costs. You won't regret it, trust me. You will learn lots in a easy and fun way! Two thumps up!
3.5 : Very easy class, will get an A if you practice and study the notes before class. Gives hw just for practice and not mandatory. Take HIM.
5.0 : By far one of the sweetest and most interesting professor I've ever had. As long as you attend class and pay attention her class is not too difficult. She makes everything extremely understandable and really cares about her students. Her class is incredible!
5.0 : Professor Garcia is an excellent professor. She is clear and concise in what  she expects of her students. I highly recommend you take her.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I have ever had. She's so interesting and doesn't make anything boring. She's so helpful and will do everything to make you understand the material. She's a wonderful teacher. It's easy to pay attention because she's so interesting and super funny. TAKE HER!!!
4.5 : Really good teacher. He's very easy-going, and helpful when you ask questions. The assignments are relatively simple and you are given ample time to finish them. I learned a lot, without becoming stressed with unnecessary assignments. I would definitely take him again if I have the chance!
5.0 : Excellent Course; Delivered by a Competent Professor
5.0 : Very Good Professor
5.0 : Professor Miller is great. There were only 2 assignments, 1 midterm and 1 final. Both were 25 questions Multiple choice. Fun class
5.0 : He really cares about teaching the material to everyone, although at some times it feels like he's dumbing down the material to teach it to everyone. Tests are entirely based off the homework (study them!!!) and are curved generously. He writes the dept final too so you'll be prepared for that. If you want to know Physics, take him.
2.0 : Not so great, gives you formulas, doesnt really give you guidance on how to solve the problems. Great guy, just not the best at guiding individuals through the course, especially if you have never seen physics before
2.0 : Good teacher in the sense of introducing the brand new material to students but terrible lecturer. Writes formulas on the board for the chapters and thats it. Never bothers to solve the problem to let the students understand the material. When trying to study by yourself, all hope is lost because you never learn how to solve the arithmetic part.
5.0 : Professor Castano is by far one of the best instructors Nova has to offer. He not only makes the material interesting, but he knows exactly how to convey his message to his students to help them learn. He truly cares about his students and wants them to succeed! Loved this class.
4.5 : if you find a free section, take him. best physics prof at nova.
5.0 : Great professor. Writes out lectures and assigns reasonable amount of homework that actually helps you and your grade. Also has a sense of humor.
4.0 : Diego's a pretty funny guy. Though lectures were around 75 minutes and sometimes dragged, he made them funny and interactive. Gave two tests which were both curved, homework about every week, and pretty easy labs. If you go to class, ask questions when you don't know what's going on, and do all the homework, you should get a B minimum.
5.0 : Dr. Castano is phenomenal. His does a good job at giving practical examples of what he is teaching. He's liberal with his grading, but only if it's evident you know what you're doing. You earn your grade in his class but with the resources he provides and his curriculum, there's no reason not to work hard and do well.
3.0 : Not quite sure how I feel about this professor. He is a great person and I enjoy being in his class. He does weekly games and quizzes. His assignment grading criteria is on each assignment, however my only complaint is that the process for submitting assignments is extremely hectic for each one. Too many unnecessary steps. MUST SIGN IN EVERY CLASS
5.0 : If you don't mind doing some work, this professor will be the most influential and amazing professor you will take at NSU. He truly cares about his students and is genuinely excited to see them excel in their lives. Very down to earth, and very helpful.
4.5 : This is my first semester at NSU and I learned more from Dr. Jaffe than any other professor this semester. I appreciate his teaching style, and how he holds us to higher standards considering most of his students are preparing for a healthcare career. I am taking him again for A&amp;P II.
5.0 : One of  the best, most professional professors at nova. Very clear grading criteria, very organized, and explains material well.
5.0 : I took Jaffe for Medical Term and I'm glad I did. He's a kind, amazing, well respected professor who really knows his material. Be prepared to do a lot of work &amp; projects. There was also a quiz on medical terms for each body system every week. However, he makes you truly learn the material. I would take him again for another course if I could.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE DR. JAFFE FOR DEVELOPMENTAL BIOLOGY.  I have taken him for Anatomy, and he was a great professor (see other reviews).  I took him for developmental biology, expecting similar a similar teaching style, however I was gravely wrong.  Pointless assignment after pointless assignment.  The class is 90% useless busy work.
4.5 : Professor Jaffe is honestly my favorite professor I've had thus far at NSU (and I'm a junior). He is such an amazing teacher that by simply attending lecture you really learn A LOT! Take notes though, his powerpoints are just that, POINTS of what you need to know but don't really go into detail. Midterm and final were straight out of the lab manual
4.5 : Great professor but tests are very tough. Most of what he says will show up on the test, very specific questions. I started recording the lectures the second half. It was very helpful. Midterm and final are easy, but all other tests are really hard. Extra credit points are very helpful and you can't miss class because you will miss too much.
5.0 : Jaffe does his job well. He gives weekly quizzes and plenty of other assignments throughout the course. If you ace all the little things and do the boatload of extra credit he offers, you can probably not study for the final and get an A overall in the class. See him in his office if you have questions on any projects.
5.0 : The class was not hard at all so long as you read the notes and some parts of the book which he will point out in class. Everything is laid out for you in the syllabus before hand and he makes it clear what he expects out of you. Easily one of the best professors at NSU.
5.0 : Her course was challenging but she did a great job teaching it. She was very responsive in communications with students. I felt a real value to coming to the cluster sessions. She is very committed to helping students succeed. One of the best I've had at NSU.
4.0 : She is the best biology professor at NSU. She is the head of the biology department. Dr. Schmitt is very creative when it comes to lectures and explaining the topics. She draws on the board and gives great comparisons when explaining the topics. I am taking her again for BIOL 1510.
3.5 : Schmitt is an excellent professor. Even though I did not receive the grade I was hoping for, I still learned the material. She really prepares you for MCATs and she will definitely push you. There is no slacking off in her class or you will not pass. GO TO HER OFFICE HOURS, she is tremendous help and will teach you over and over again!
5.0 : Best cell molec professor at NSU! She's considerate of her students and tells u exactly what u need to learn for tests. Drops the lowest quiz, replaces lowest test with final. I completely skipped one test and quiz and still got over 100% in the class! Lots of extra credit. You actually learn the material very well, AND it's possible to get an A!
3.5 : She is a nice person don't get me wrong and she's quirky, but it was just a bit unclear knowing what to memorize for the quizzes and tests because there was an abundant number of slides to memorize. Yes, in class she would hint on what would pop up on the test but thats not how it should be.. I really regret not choosing another professor.
5.0 : She's an outstanding professor! She expkains things to the T and gives clues about what to focus on for the test. Going to class is definitely a plus because of her clues and because she explains things better than what ge powerpoint say! Shes a must take!!! Amazing professor if you pay attention and care youll do fine in the class !
5.0 : Dr. Schmitt is an amazing professor. She is the type of person who will help you when you ask for it. She has 3 hour office hours, and will meet you at any time appropriate for you. Going to her office hours is the smartest thing you can do. She's so helpful and such a good teacher.
5.0 : LOVE LOVE LOVE HER! If you're going into the medical field, take her. You must. She preps you for everything you need to know and it may be tough but she will literally drop everything she's doing just to help you. Go to her office hours, make a study group, make notes, read the study guide book and you will pass.
4.5 : Dr. Schmitt is amazing. The class itself is hard so don't expect and easy A. She makes the material easy to understand and literally does everything in her power for you to do well. I recommend taking this class either before or simultaneously with biochem.
4.5 : Dr. Schmitt is an amazing professor, very hard and if you don't work you wont pass but she is there anytime to help. Go to her office hours! She will basically review everything on the test. She hints very strongly at what you need to know, so go to class. She is very kind and even wrote me a letter of recommendation.
4.0 : I took Dr. Schmitt for Bio 1 and am taking her again for Bio 2. She is very straight forward and is very obvious on what will be on her tests. She is always in her office willing to help and one of the nicest professors I've had. You must study hard, much like in any bio 1 class, but she is a wonderful person and professor.
3.0 : If you've taken AP Biology in the past, then this class should be easy for you. Dr. Schmitt clearly outlines what will be on each exam. Also, she answers EVERY question you have. There's no mandatory textbook reading, although it helps supplement class lectures. HW (mastering biology) is not graded. One quiz gets dropped, and same goes for lab.
5.0 : Dr. Schmitt is the best biology professor you will ever meet. She's really considerate, answers every question you have in class, and encourages you to come to her office hours if you don't understand a concept. I took her during my freshmen year and got an A- in her class. 10/10 would take her again for Cell Molec.
5.0 : Imagine thisgoing to class, learning from the best, and feeling confident with the material. That's how I felt with every single one of Dr. Schmitt's classes. She's one of the few that genuinely wants you to not only learn but enjoy the content. If are a bio major, which I'm sure you are, you better take her any chance you get, you'll love her!!
5.0 : Dr. Schmitt is by far the best biology professor you will ever have at NSU. She's a real sweetheart, her lectures are thorough, and her tests are fair. Her class challenged me, but it prepared me for my next 3 years as a bio major! If you ever have the opportunity, take her, you won't be disappointed!
2.0 : He is not the worst teacher but he does go off on tangents and will not get back on topic until the very last minute and will try to bombard you with tons of information in a short amount of time.
5.0 : Dr. Feingold doesn't just teach you a science, he teaches you to be a good scientist. His classes rely heavily on his (massive) collection of personal stories and experiences, often divulging from lecture entirely. Value these, as he teaches you about psychology and human nature as well. Buy the textbook, they are good books just to own for future.
5.0 : I really liked this class. He's very helpful and makes topics interesting. Now he uses powerpoints, but it's still important to take notes.
5.0 : This class provided a great introduction to marine biology. The field trips were more interesting than I expected. Feingold can be challenging but very willing to help.
5.0 : Dr. Feingold is passionate about what he does, and this comes through in class. He always has great stories and personal experiences to add to the course material. These really help bring the concepts into perspective and make lectures even more interesting. If you pay attention and complete assignments on time, you will learn a lot and pass easily
5.0 : Tough but fair, and very inspirational. Can't wait to take him again in the Fall. Really like how he relates concepts in class to our field experiences.
5.0 : Very lecture heavy - record lectures or take very good notes. Anything he says in class might be on the test. Highly recommend you read the book after a lecture, focusing on only what he mentioned in class. Overall a very good bio 2 professor.
5.0 : Great class and professor! Too bad he doesn't teach other bio classes. If you do your work you'll learn a lot. He rally helped me with my paper and exam review.
4.5 : I missed about three weeks collectively of this class and it showed in my work. He didn't nag me to come to class (he only ever mentioned it when I went to his office for help), but he was receptive and willing to work with me when I missed things. It's Biology, so it's hard enough with all the material you have to cover, and he understands that.
3.5 : I was in his intro to marine bio seminar. Comes across as very arrogant and makes smart a** remarks, But essays he tells you exactly what he wants &amp; how he is grading,if you send it to him he will review it.  MUST PAY ATTENTION TO GUEST SPEAKERS, big part of tests. Rd txt on your own, doesnt really go over it, and there are specifics in MC Q's
3.0 : Slides are not helpful, must listen to what he says throughout class.
4.0 : The intro to Marine Bio class was mostly composed of other professors and researchers presenting their own projects; ie, deep-sea vision, fisheries, etc. The idea is that you get an idea of the different things you go into as a Marine Bio student. He expected you to read the chapters and pulled random facts out and put them on the test.
5.0 : Feingold is one of the best professors I've had at Nova- I just finished his 8 week marine biology seminar course and am currently in his Marine Biology class- his tests and papers are difficult, but he makes you REALLY learn. He is very inspirational and can make a tunicate as interesting as a salmon shark! Take him for any class you can!!
4.5 : Intro to marine biology seminar. He is a very funny and passionate person about marine biology. He really makes the discussions enjoyable and interesting. there was maybe 1-2 papers and 2 quizzes. Just read, show up and pass, the material is not difficult at all.
5.0 : This class is less history of science but more philosophy of science talk. I did not think I would enjoy this class at all based on the content but it really was quite enjoyable. it is not too hard if you read the material and partake in the discussions. You need to show up to pass. There are 3 in class writing assignments, 1 paper, and 2 exams.
5.0 : Interesting seminars from different professors opened my eyes to marine biology. Feingold was really helpful on the paper and enthusiastic in class
3.5 : Dr. Feingold was great. I only took him for a 1 credit, 8 week seminar, but I definitely would take him in more classes. He's very interesting, leads great class discussions, assigns interesting projects, and is available for feedback/help.
4.5 : Very easy class to understand. He is also very funny.
5.0 : Awesome professor. I hated math before this class. He made the class super easy, super clear, and funny. He gets frustrated sometimes when students don't paid attention. Awesome person. Take this class with him. Unfortunately he does not teach Math 1040.
5.0 : He is an amazing teacher, he actually makes me understand in an essay way math, and I would take him for any other class in the future
4.5 : loves teaching math (how can that be?)  NOT a boring class, nice old guy, has respect for you
4.5 : Dr. Simon is a great teacher and has real-world experience, which he integrates into his lectures. His tests aren't as hard as people say as long as you study. Many people find them tough because the tests focus on physiological aspects of psych, which many of the students claimed to find very difficult to understandrecall. I highly recommend him.
4.0 : Great professor. Loved his class. Very challenging and gives lots of real life examples. Knows his stuff, helpful, and approachable..
5.0 : fun class and overall wonderful proff. Lots of reading and tests are challenging. He is a forensic psychologist and offers lots of real life case examples.
5.0 : an absolutely good class and always looked forward to attending. Very energetic knowledgeable professor
5.0 : Really great class. Funny stories and always invested in the students doing well. One of the best classes i have ever taken!
5.0 : An all around good class. He's a caring professor and very much for the student. His tests are fair but challenging. Good stories and always seemed approachable.
5.0 : Great professor and really has passion and knowledge for all things psychology. Loved his class and enjoyed lectures . Tests were not terrible, fair and straight forward
5.0 : His only grades are the research participation, paper, presentation, midterm, and final. Attendance is mandatory, helps you get your grade up if you're borderline a grade. All his classes are interesting lectures with real-world examples. He gave extra credit for the midterm. Textbook necessary if he does not cover chapter. I think he is fair.
5.0 : Dr. Simon is highly qualified and has his own practice, so his real-world experience in the field of psychology is applied to his lectures in class. He's extremely clear with his instructions and expectations. His tests aren't overly difficult if you study. If you're looking for an easy A, don't take him-- if you want to learn, take his class!
4.0 : She was absolutely amazing. The subject was very hard but she worked with you and give very difficult quizzes to make sure you understood the subject. Can be confusing but go to her office hours and she will clear up anything and everything. Will make you work for the grade which is good because it'll help you do well on the bar.
4.0 : Learn all the material directly from her.  Supplements didn't help me.  She's ALWAYS available and wants to help her students!!  Very caring and amazing teacher.  Review, memorize and understand her material, take time to really study her class, the quizzes are tough if you don't know the material inside and out, answers are tricky.  Test was fair
3.0 : Her explanations are long and unnecessarily convoluted. If you feel like you grasp the concept stick with your own understanding. Her multiple choice is very difficult. Read it carefully and make sure you aren't skimming as the slightest word change can alter the answer.  This class often requires less preparation than the others.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable professor. Will provide feedback and facilitate critical thinking so be prepared to answer questions on your discussion. The text book does help so at least rent the e-text from kindle. Not many discussions, no midterm and only a final paper. Get it done on time and understand that this class requires some level of independence.
5.0 : Philosophy lecture class where he poses questions and encourages a discussion. His class really makes you think and he will probably be one of those professors who sticks with you because of it. LOTS of philosophy history which would normally be super boring but he does a great job of making it interesting!
4.5 : Class was pretty straight forward.  Dr. Levy always was helpful and answered emails within a day or so.  I learned a lot and enjoyed the class.  No Textbook, quizzes, or exams for this course.  All projects with concise instructions.
5.0 : Dr. Levy was very structured and concise with his instructions. He grades very well and provides very good feedback on the grading decisions. Additionally, he was very responsive to questions.
5.0 : Excellent professor. I would definitely take Yair Levy again. He was there for me when I had questions, and he was clear on his expectations for the course work. He really pushes you to do your absolute best, and grades fairly on the work assigned. I would definitely recommend Yair Levy for anyone who is considering taking one of his classes.
5.0 : The Professor demonstrates expertise in the field of Information Security Management and is able to effectively communicate industry standards and skills that are required to excel in the evolving security landscape. Altogether its been a great experience.
5.0 : Does not accept mediocrity. This course is invaluablecritical if you plan on being published or doing a dissertationthesis. You will come out of this course very well prepared for the rigors of doing analysis for publication or academics.
5.0 : Dr. Levy is simply the best instructor. Every second of his time is so valuable. I have learned more in his classes than any other class. The DISS-720 is a must. I would take it as early as you can in the PhD program as it builds your research skills and APA skills to the highest levels. Dr. Levy is a true educator and cares about his students.
5.0 : I have another rating for Dr. Levy as I did both his DISS725 and RESD720 classes. These are by far the two most important classes in the program. Dr. Levy is a genius and is very charismatic. Every lecture keeps you energized and focused because of his intelligence, charisma, and knowledge, and the usefullness of information.
5.0 : IT WAS AN ABSOLUTE PLEASURE TAKING THIS COURSE. THE MATERIAL WAS EXTREMELY RELEVANT AND THE PROFESSOR WAS EXTREMELY ENGAGED AND HELPFUL.
5.0 : Dr. Levy was very knowledgeable and structured. He's fair with his grading and provides very good feedback on the grading decisions.
4.0 : Dr. Levy really enjoys teaching and it shows. He is really engaging and makes learning online enjoyable.
5.0 : It was really fun.
4.0 : You'll have to work for you grade. He's really preparing you for the real world.
5.0 : Dr. Levy was great in providing direction and feedback.
5.0 : Awesome professor! His lectures are inviting; he's willing to assist you with any assignment, if you are having troubles in understanding the work.  He does uses profanity in his lectures, but he's keeping it real about what is going on and why within his lectures.  This professor loves his job and it shows; take International Law track to enjoy !
5.0 : I took this professor during my first term at NSU.  He teaches with a passion, very in-depth and always making sure the class understands what he is lecturing about.  In facts, recently I switch my track to "International Law" just to get more of this professor's most intriguing lectures; he's that good.  Also, he makes the learning experience fun!
1.5 : I had this professor for 3 classes.  I happen to passed his classes, but he's not too clear on his topics.  He loves entertainmening and uses profanity to the extreme.
5.0 : The best and will take the time and as much time as needed by his students to assist in any assignment he assigned.  He's excellent in his lectures and knows what he's talking about.  I switch to International Law track just to get more of this guy.
5.0 : The best and will take the time and as much time as needed by his students to assist in any assignment he assigned.  He's excellent in his lectures and knows what he's talking about.
5.0 : Stress Management was easy for me. The syllabus is clear. He provides outlines for each module, as well as papers that are interesting but NOT used in testing content. It's just doing a discussion post a week and posting 3 replies, 5 easy quizzes, and one 2-page paper. Final and Paper 2 optional. I never even got the textbook. - 2017
5.0 : You must participate in order to get a good grade. But everything is by the book and the professor gives good feedback.
5.0 : Great professor. Learned a bunch. No "homework" everything is outlined week one. Group project/ paper makes a majority of the grade. Do the papers &amp; group project and you'll pass.
4.0 : Dr. Mujtaba is a great professor. This class in particular required 3discussion postings a week, weekly mini quizzes, 1current event paper, group term paper and a final exam.  sounds like a lot but it was not bad at all. the weekly quizzes were simple and the final exam was easy as well. He is tough on grammar and APA style and references.
4.5 : Class was easy, he only took points off my papers due to not following the APA format. I never got lower than a 85% on a paper. If you need an easy elective, take this class. There is one mandatory group project, which was interesting for an online class.
1.0 : Do Not take this professor.  He refuses to answer questions and allowed a student to present a Psychology paper that she probably wrote in an undergrad course when it had abosolutely nothing to do with the course.  The entire class was amazed that he even allowed this to happen.  I guess if your are blond and cute  you will have no worries.  Avoid.
3.0 : You do your work you will be fine. Strict APA guidelines on papers. One case analysis to which he assigns you to groups, one personal paper or can be done with another person (25 pages) and a final exam. There are weekly postings, but hes not strict like others. He assigns work but in a fair manner that allows the student to learn.
4.5 : I enjoyed the class 1 term paper 1 test a final exam!
5.0 : Dr. Bahaudin is a wonderful professor that truly cares for his students. I took him for a Masters MGT course. He inputs tons of his real life experience into the course, which truly helps me understand. I  would 100% recommend Dr. Bahaudin to any MBA student. His insight about the workplace is so useful and practical. His power points are great.
4.0 : The assignments included 2 papers, 1 group project, 1 test, and weekly discussions. Overall, not too bad, but it's a ton of writing as compared to most courses. Dr. Mujtaba provides great feedback, but he is very tough on APA formatting. The group project makes up the majority of your grade, which is unfortunate if your team members cannot write.
5.0 : BEST professor at NSU!!!! Dr Bahaundin is highly respected and he knows what he is talking about! I took him for Organizational Behavior this fall and I learned so much about management but also about life because he shares his personal experiences with the class and he is very inspirational, and extremely wise! I was always excited to go to class!
4.0 : A true inspiration for me. He is a good coach as wel as trainer. I strongly recomend to take some training or lectures from him. Clear evaluation criteria. Lots of individual and group work. I really enjoyed taking his 21st century management practices lectures.
5.0 : Dr. Mujtaba is probably one of the most passionate and knowledgeable professors at NSU. Even though this class was online you can see how much he cares about his students. He has 2 papers, one group project and a final exam with weekly discussion posts. Fairly simple class and trust me, you will LEARN A LOT. Don't pass up this professor!
5.0 : I just completed HRM4300 (online).  This professor is so inspiring with lots of positive energy.  Discussion post 3 responses,No midterm, one final ;60 questions(easy), group project and a term paper(group or independent;8-15 pages required). Awesome professor!
5.0 : Professor Stanchich is amazing! Her class is a easy A, if you do the work and show up. She always gives great lectures, and her discussions focus on what is relevant to today's news and to the students lives. She only gives four essays throughout the semester and each are fairly easy. I can not wait to take her again! Great Professor!
5.0 : Best Professor
4.0 : Extremely knowledgeable and pretty funny in class.  The tests, however, are the hardest thing I've ever seen or could imagine.  Luckily everyone does equally not well and he gives decent grades with the curve.  However, I would not personally want to take him again.
5.0 : He is awesome. I hope some day I know as much as he does. Really patient and explains everything thoroughly. I truly loved his class and I would take him again if I could.
5.0 : Really great professor! He truly wants students to be successful. Good sense of humor. He will answer any questions that you cannot find by using Google.  Book was optional, didn't use at all received A-.  Reviewing a recorded lecture was helpful.
5.0 : Nova´s best professor. He is very interested in the students getting great value for their tuition. He could be teching in any Ivy-League school. Take any class with him thats offered.
5.0 : Someone said before, but I need to repeat: he is probably the best teacher at NSU. He cares about you, he teaches what is really important and is not picky (although he will show you that something was missing). He is concern about applying everything that you learn in class, in real life.
4.5 : I liked his classes, he really try to explain.
5.0 : Truly a world class instructor. Professor Mukherjee ranks up there with the best of the best anywhere. He genuinely cares about his students, and is happy to provide additional learning opportunities if the class is not challenging enough. His teaching and speaking style is outstanding, making him very enjoyable to listen to and easy to follow.
5.0 : World class instructor and challenging assignments that covered what I expected from a grad AI class.  Important to like to program and understand basic college mathstats or review will be needed.  Very prompt grader and gives good feedback.  Highly recommended.  The optimal textbook used (AI a Modern Approach) is a classic, and very useful.
5.0 : By far the best Math Professor!
1.0 : Extremely tough grader. Almost seems like you're not allowed to mess up. Um hello, mistakes make people better. Anyways, if you do the work you will pass. Just stay on top of her visual schedule. All you need is Mymathlab. She takes offense if you don't reply to her emails, like seriously. Good Professor but wouldn't take her again. Good luck!
2.0 : Prof. Levine uses MYMathLab for assignments  such as homework &amp; tests for grading purposes.   However,  for every answer given, you must  show the work and this has to be neat.  MyMathLab does provide grades, but she will be the judge of that by reviewing your work just to make sure  your work is worthy of the grade given; SHOW WORK &amp; BE NEAT.
4.0 : Bartolotta is a sweet women who wants to see her students succeed. Must read the stories she assigns and must show participation.  Give an effort and she will consider giving you a better grade than you think.  But you must take your work seriously. Show interest. she gives interesting stories to read and not to long. only 2 or 3 papers, easy.
5.0 : Excellent professor! He helps a lot!
4.5 : Class is a reasonable amount of work and fairly graded. 3 discussions, 7 quizzes and final group project for 8 weeks. Quizzes are tough and will absolutely require you to read and research.  Always available to answer emails and questions via phone for clarification. He is also very reasonable regarding grading, coursework, etc; I recommend Cavico!
5.0 : Amazing professor, first day in class he made the requirements clear and guided us through each step. not at all overwhelming. Instructs you on what assignments to get done first that way you have time for the research paper ,  8 quizes that are online. Very entertaining with all his past knowledge with business ethics. i would highly recommend him
5.0 : This professor truly impacted my studies here at NOVA. He is simply amazing and cares for all of his students. His work is clear cut and simple but lets you challenge your mind. Would take as many classes as i could with this man! Take his class, you won't be disappointed!
5.0 : Very nice guy. Group discussions, case studies, group project and 2 tests so a reasonable amount of work. His tests can be tricky but the curve helps. I would take him again.
5.0 : He is a great professor. He likes to show articles as example on what he is teaching. The best of is he keeps the lecture fresh. He wants us to learn the theory of ethics and law based on current events so we can understand it. I highly recommend this professor
5.0 : Prof. Cavico is a tremendous individual.  He is extremely knowledgeable and keeps the class very upbeat.  He has a great wealth of information to pass on to the students and enjoys greatly teaching this class. His exams are not easy but you will definitely be challenged and learn a lot. He is very fair and always willing to help out the students.
4.5 : Prof Cavico made the class very easy. There was only 1 group paper to  turn in at the end of the semester, 2 case studies (I believe). The tests are done online and since the answers are not always in the book, he also curves the grades at the end of the semester. Very easy class. Take Cavico!!!
3.5 : Professor Cavico is a gem. He used real-world experiences to apply the concepts we were studying. While I wasn't completely interested in Law prior to taking this requirement, his tales of New Jersey gangsters piqued my interest. I recommend this professor. There are only a few posts and one group paper due at the end. I enjoyed!
3.5 : Professor Frank is truly a wonderful teacher and I truly loved this class. Loved the way he explain the concepts to real life experiences. And I loved the in depth knowledge on historical ethics thinkers
5.0 : Professor Cavico is one of the best professors I have had this semester. His class was simple and straight forward. Pay attention and read the textbook and you can pass. He is very knowledgable. 100% recommend.
4.0 : Excellent professor! He gives you instant and quick feedback. He will take the time to you review your term paper before you submit the final version. Overall, this class was great! Do the work and you will do great!
5.0 : This professor is awesome! There is a lot of work involved, including weekly discussions, exams, and a group paper worth 30% of your grade. However, he gives great feedback! Would recommend this professor in a heart beat!
5.0 : He is a very exquisite professor, he always reply on emails so quickly and he is so caring. His lectures are interesting although they are long. He is very kind and I would recommend taking with this professor.
3.5 : Long boring lectures but attendance isn't mandatory so it down't matter. take notes and get ready to write a lot, but other than that it was easy
4.5 : Awesome professor! Very funny guy with a lot of say, so be ready to take a lot of notes. The papers are a little challenging, but he is a very fair grader. If you're strong in history and want a good professor, take him!
5.0 : Zelden is the best theres literally nothing else to say
4.5 : Honestly best professor I've had so far. If you don't understand something, she'll go over it multiple times. She gives a lot of homework but only for credit and to help you retain the material. Teaches very well. I recommend!
4.5 : Professor Ahmad is respected by his pupils. He tells you his expectations and gives his grading criteria. Working in groups is allowed for labs and homework. Pay attention to labs as the wording used is on multiple choice and fill in the blank tests (esp. Microsoft Access) He assists if asked politely. He is hilarious. (uses sarcasm and wit)
5.0 : Very friendly and helpful instructor.  Is flexible with assignment due dates.  She seems to really enjoy her work as opposed to just doing it for a paycheck.
5.0 : Excellent OTM professor. I wish all professors in NSU were like Dr. Fecho. He is tough but he has the art of teaching that many professors lack. If you go to class and pay attention, you will leave knowing everything. He makes lectures crystal clear. Also, his ibooks are amazing, especially for OTM lab.
3.0 : Very nice guy but due to prior cheaters get ready to take test with lockdown browser. I have sever anxiety so taking a test with a camera on my face doesn't help! The weekly readings are not bad. He requires you to respond to at least one person. Tough grader when it comes to papers.
2.0 : The lectures are fine and easy to follow, but for the tests it is not just lectures that are needed, you must know the entire text book because he tests from the lectures and both text books.  he is also a very hard grader on papers, i usually get As but got a B- on my first paper.  Tests all multiple choice but very hard. Nice prof,but hard course
4.5 : professor sternglanz is a very nice professor. he wil give good feedback on papers and he does a very good job t explaining things. his assignments are not difficult and he is very understanding. he will help clarify anything that is misunderstood and he is very understanding. you have to read the chapters to get the results you want from the tests
1.0 : He is a really tough grader which is difficult because there is only two papers and a midterm and final that make up your final grade. He rarely gives out A's and a big portion of your grade is not only coming to every singe class, but commenting and participating a lot during the lecture. He was not clear with his grading criteria.
4.5 : The best online professor Ive ever had. Research Methods is a hard subject to must people, but he makes it entertaining, goes step by steps so you dont feel overwhelmed and takes his time to clarify each and every question. Highly recommend him.
5.0 : Easy class overall, no quizzes, mid term, final, one mini paper, and a final term paper.
4.5 : Answers any questions His discussions questions were easy to follow Emails back right away But here is where the poor rating comes in he never posted grades  Exams are HARD and filmed yes filmed with your computers webcam and a lock browser Not a fan of  a person staring at only me for an hour of me taking an exam just gives me anxiety
5.0 : He was AWESOME.  This is definitely not an easy class.  You have to read science journal articles instead of a textbook.  BUt he is super-smart and explains things SO well.  Tests are fair.  He gives a LOT of feedback on papers.  He is  def. interested in seeing students succeed.  And he is easy on the eyes. :)
5.0 : I was suppose to have a B in his class, but he gave me an A. Take Him !!!
4.0 : AMAZING. I have a feeling that the comp teachers at nova are all really good. She's funny and laid back, lots of time to work on the projects in class. She is super helpful when you dont understand an assignment.
3.5 : Dr. Loomis is one of the best bio professors at nova but he isn't easy! you have to work really hard and the tests are even harder. he gives quizzes every class so prepare to study about 40 slides or more a day. everything is based on his powerpoints you don't need textbooks
5.0 : He is a phenomenal teacher.  Uses strictly ppts for lab and lecture.  Weekly quizzes, so you have to keep pace.  Attendance optional but he may give EC on tests for attending all classes between tests.  Information is conveyed clearly, he uses analogies and tricks to help you remember the information. Very helpful professor. Strongly recommend.
4.0 : His tests are a bit hard but if you study you will do well! you dont need the textbook he has powerpoints. He makes everything clear, highly recommend him!!
5.0 : Best Teacher Ever. Planned on taking him for 2 more major bio elective classes just because he taught them. Tests and quizzes are easy as long as you go to class which you get extra credit for. There isn't a class that I've gone to where I didn't laugh and go home telling my boyfriend how much I love Loomis.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Helpful. Straightforward in his teaching and what he expects. Not an easy A, but it is possible and you learn the material well. Would take for all my bio classes!
5.0 : Immunology was a beast of a subject, with its difficulty right alongside Biochemistry, but Dr. Loomis tries everything to make it palatable. He is very funny and very relatable. As long as you take the time with your lecture notes you can skate by
4.5 : I am not a Sp Ed major, but was required to take this class.  I actually enjoyed the classes, since the professor was the best I have had so far. He was thoroughly knowledgeable about the subject matter, professional and entertaining, and did much more than just teach the class. I would definitely take him again. I learned so much from his class.
5.0 : This was a required course as part of the Applied Behavior Analysis curriculum. It was a fully online class, but the professor held many chats over the 16 week period. Several assignments and 5 quizzes, but Dr. Griffin prepares you well - he sends out quite a few emails. If you take this class with him, be sure to attend the chats! Recommend!!!!!
5.0 : Dr. Schulman was my first doctoral level professor, and he set the tone for my entire semester. He's lively, knowledgeable and passionate about the material, and real. He gives great examples and is very receptive to questions. You do have to read for his exams. He takes material fairly evenly from lectures, text readings, and articles.
4.0 : Castaldo is a GREAT professor. He made me change my major from biology to marketing. He has SOO MUCH experience and its great to see nova hire people like that. If i can take every class this is professor I would.
4.5 : Castaldo is a great professor,  I took most of my marketing classes with him because the knowledge he has is worth work. He holds an MBA from Hardvard and decades worth of experience in marketing and entrepreneurship so he's a great mentor. Get the book and read the cases. ALWAYS PARTICIPATE,  ALWAYS!! The more he hears you the better your grade.
4.0 : Prof. Castaldo was actually a really good teacher! I was hesitant because of other things people had said about him on Rate My Professor but he's a good marketing teacher. He has lots of experience and can really be of help if this is a field you're interested in . Participation is super important but he makes lots of opportunities for you to talk!
3.0 : He was a good lecturer but a hard grader. You have to be one of those students who really actively participate to get a good grade if you don't say anything then most likely the highest grade you will get is a C because he weighs you so heavily on participation. Don't take if you won't speak in class!!!!
5.0 : Prof. Barry is an outstanding teacher. Took him online for Content marketing and I loved it. He teaches in a very informative and fun style. You must put in some effort but definitely worth it, do your work and you will pass!
3.0 : This was the easiest class ever. Yes in the beginning was confusing because he put his syllabus up a few days after the semester started. But then once he uploaded it, assignments were clear and if you just do them you will get 100%. Tests are VERY EASY! take online.
5.0 : Swann was an amazing teacher and always there for you. She is the best First Seminar teacher. I hope to take a different course/class with her in the future.
5.0 : She really cares about your grade, knows the material really well and makes it easy to understand. Her class is lecture style but never boring because she has great anecdotes and examples. Only take her if you're prepared to interview people as your first assignment and shadow sports medicine professionals as a final assignment. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Dr. Swann was my professor for First Year Seminar. She was so caring and treated us like we were family! Loved her class and can't wait to take another!
3.0 : Very disorganized, confusing, and unclear. Bad specification on the syllabus and assignments, but otherwise pretty easy class.
3.5 : There was some confusion toward the end with the syllabus matching the assignments but he was very much willing to own his part in that and fair about accepting assignments based on misinformation.  Overall a pretty easy class.  The assignments are interesting.
5.0 : Dr. Wallen is a great professor. He is very knowledgeable about what he is teaching and will tell countless examples to ensure you understand the material. You have a summary of the chapter due every class, so attendance is mandatory. You learn a lot and he tries very hard to make sure you are on your path to being competent and a good grade.
5.0 : IF YOU WANT TO LEARN PLEASE TAKE DR. WALLEN HE IS THE BEST PROFESSOR I'VE EVER HAD IN THE PAST 6 YEARS!!!! YOU WILL BE SO IMPRESSED BY HIS KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITY TO TEACH OTHERS!!!!! HONESTLY WISH I COULD TAKE HIM FOR EVERY SINGLE CLASS. GENIUS.
4.5 : Awesome professor. Seeing him practice therapy in vivo, is so inspiring! Be prepared to write a decent amount!
4.0 : Good at using layman's term so everyone understands and gives great examples
4.5 : Would take this guy again and again. Great professor and he does a lecture every week.
5.0 : Replies quick Laid back Very fair Nice guy
5.0 : AMAZING professor! Lecture 1 day a week for 1 hour and attendance is required, he makes them interesting and enjoyable! Test questions are very similar to the quiz questions, easy A as long as you try! I'm hoping to take more classes with him in the future :)
5.0 : Dr. Manny is a GREAT professor. Super helpful &amp; classes are very fun &amp; interactive. You do meet once a week for a short 1hr lecture online via video. You have multiple quizzes due before semester ends. Assignments due before each class. 1 midterm / 1 final. You will do a lot of reading. But the class is NOT hard to pass. Would take him again!!! :)
5.0 : Great professor! There are weekly lectures, weekly quizzes based on reading but you technically have all semester to complete them, the quizzes are also very fast, 5 minutes for 10 questions but if you read you should do fine. Midterm &amp; final are very similar to the quizzes. Also, weekly discussion posts. He cares for his student, I recommend him.
5.0 : Hard class but the professor is so helpful! I would recommend taking this course with her. The midterm and final are hard but she provides study guides. Plus there is weekly assignments and discussions due to help boost grade. There is a research paper due at the end as well.
5.0 : This professor is amazingly helpful. The subject matter was very practical for my field. Well worth the money. You can contact her and she will get back asap. Midterm and final are difficult but she gives you a study guide so take all the help you can get.
3.0 : She's a little tricky. No grading rubrics, but she looks for specific things. Give her a call before any assignment to ask what she expects- types of citations, content, etc.. No tests, almost weekly discussions, couple big projects throughout the course that will make up the final project. You'll actually learn some cool stuff. No group projects.
5.0 : Having classes with Dr. Snyder is always enjoyable! She keeps pushing the class and likes to get involved.
4.0 : She is a full time teacher, so this explains a lot! She is very helpful and try to answer all the questions almost in real-time. She is there to help and teach. Expect some pretty challenging assignments (but very good). The exams are easy-going.
5.0 : Dr. Snyder is my favorite teacher. I have her for the freshmen first year seminar. She is so understanding with us and she knows what we are going through so she doesn't overwork us unlike other teachers. She is so sweet and loves our class. I think everyone should take her. I wish all of my teachers were like her
5.0 : If you follow her directions, give a solid effort, and meet the deadlines you will do well in her class. She aims to teach but doesn't overload you with work. It's not an "easy A" but if you apply yourself you should be able to meet your goals for a good grade. There is writing in her classes via discussion posts and research papers. APA style.
5.0 : This UNIV1000 class was amazing with her. Definitely take it with her! She was very caring, inspired us all to get involved on campus and related everything in class to benefit us. Attendance is mandatory so be careful, but other than that she is an amazing individual and made this mandatory class fun!
5.0 : Dr. Giannoni is a great Professor. She gives great feedback on the weekly discussions.  I enjoyed the course this semester. She will return your phone calls and emails . I will be taking her Strategic Leadership course Winter semester.
5.0 : Very good teacher. Actually cares and understands students are human. Very easy class if you do your work. At first glance I was thinking it was going to be hard . I learned a lot. You will need your book and class gets rolling on the first week! Make sure you purchase your book early.
5.0 : He is a great professor; very helpful and encouraging. Class consisted of weekly discussions (6 posts a week), weekly assignments, a midterm exam, a final exam, and a project. My only complaint would be that since it was a half semester class, I felt like we covered a lot to do each week (2 or 3 chapters).
5.0 : Excellent professor. A lot of work every week, but nothing that you cannot handle. He is one of the best professors at NOVA MBA program. I would recommend him and take him again. I learned and enjoyed his class.
5.0 : Dr. Williams received NSU's Professor of the Year award (in spring 2017) ! He always connects the material to real life situations and wants you to ask questions so he knows you understand the material. Weekly hw, a group project, midterm, final and participation made up the grade. Engage in class discussions and do the hw as soon as possible.
5.0 : Professor williams is one of those teachers who genuinely knows what he's talking about and finds real life ways explain a topic to you. I have no interest in finance but in his 8 week course I learned a lot. If there was anything I didn't understand, he would happily discuss it with me. He's very easy going. Get ready to do some homework.
5.0 : Great professor, he really knows his stuff and can answer any questions you have. He responds to email quickly and is always available to help, even though the class is not difficult. Highly recommended and would defiantly take again!
5.0 : I'm glad to have the opportunity to take Professor Williams because he's an excellent teacher and I believe that he's a good asset to Nova Southeastern University. A group project is involved as well as weekly homework and discussions. Also, he offers a lot of extra credit which is helpful. If you get a chance to take him, please do so.
2.5 : Shes leaving NSU so all of you will not take her at NSU.
5.0 : One of the BEST communication professors ever!  She's as real as a professor can be.
4.0 : Egwu is a good teacher but I wouldnt Recommend  taking this class if you dont need to.
5.0 : Prof. Ramirez is a great teacher, took him online for INB 4600. Very straight forward and concise. Put in some effort and you will get an A! Good Luck
5.0 : Easiest class with a great professor. Finley is a great teacher, and is hilarious. Whatever class he teaches, take it. Easy A, and you will have a great time.
5.0 : Great prof! easy A. All you have to do is read and take a quiz. Midterm and final. Not boring at all. Take him.
5.0 : He's such a good teacher! Super easy, just keep up with readings. Would definitely recommend!
3.5 : This class has about...5 assignments due every week BUT hes such an easy grader. There's so many asignments due hat its impossible to get a bad grade! Midterm and Final, weekly discussions, and end of chapter equations. Look its alot of ork but its sooo easy!Take him! I took him on line. I thought i was going to bomb finance, I have an A+ right now
1.0 : There is 0 interaction with the professor in the online class. Some responsiveness to emails. No feedback on assignments. You just read the book and teach yourself. Grading is easy. I'd take someone else so I actually understand the material while I get an A.
4.5 : Great experience for this course.  The schedule is very flexible. I was able to manage 5 subs online very well due to this class' flexibility. I enjoyed everything learnt. The grading was pretty easy and the expectations were clear. If you enjoy a flexible class online, I highly recommend him. Excellent professor who understands adults schedules.
5.0 : This professor is about the only one that can lecture for 4 hours straight and by the time class is over you want it to start again. He is charming and knowledgeable. He has high expectations for his students and he encourages them to do well. He is very understanding and his classes can be difficult but he is always willing to help and explain
4.0 : I really enjoyed learning the evidence based process but it was exhausting. However I did feel a sense of achievement when I got my A.  Lots of hard papers but worth it in the long run.  Exam was very long and very tough!!
5.0 : I definitely recommend taking a course with Dr. Razza he is an excellent professor and he helps his students out
5.0 : I adore him, he really cares about his students. You need to be there for class or it might be hard to really get a grip on things, I would recommend him for any psychology class.
5.0 : Professor Razza is awesome and takes the time to go through each topic carefully and easily. There was only 4 papers and the midterm and final and a research participation grade. Overall a great class and I learned a lot without it being too difficult.
5.0 : Great class! This was one of the best courses and Dr. Jackson was one of the best professors I've ever had. I am already an attorney, but decided to pursue a PhD.  Since I had already taken Criminal Law while in law school, I was initially skeptical about taking Criminal Law again. But I learned more in this Criminal Law course, than law school.
5.0 : I took Dr. Jackson for Criminal Law and she was an amazing professor. Not only was she extremely knowledgeable about criminal law, but what stood out the most was her passion. It was obvious she wanted us to do well. She didn't allow us to simply take shortcuts. I was pleasantly surprise at the amount on interaction for an online course. Good luck.
5.0 : I had Dr. Melissa Patrylo as a professor in a very hard course with lots of math and test skills interpretation. It was hard but she has great math skills and made it understandable. I will definitely try to have her again as a prof. She is so nice, too. Really one of the reasons why I stay at Nova.
5.0 : Great professor who is truly interested in how his students learn.. he is simply a great guy
5.0 : He is a great professor. Responds to emails quickly. Managing Total Rewards consists of weekly discussion posts (you have to read the text in order to post), two (2-page) current event papers, a 10-page research paper, and a final (another paper. 6 pages of content). He is an easy grader! The class is time consuming, but it is not difficult.
3.5 : Easy professor. A little messy in the syllabus, but we did switch from 10 weeks to 8. Weekly Discussions, NO GROUP ASSIGNMENTS!! A couple Article reviews- 5-10 pages relating to material. Final exam is case analysis-10-15 pages. Easy A and you will learn. Might go MIA a couple times, but it's ok since its not that difficult.
4.0 : I was happy to see the class was an independent study; there was three exams (not much breathing room for mistakes), a discussion board question each week, and one paper. Read the book and you will be fine!
5.0 : Dr. Cugno is the best professor I have ever had in the doctoral program. He is organized, extremely helpful and knowledgeable about educational leadership. I learned a lot from him and credit him for my future successes in leadership.
5.0 : Dr. Cugno is a great professor who has the ability to energize his students to want to do the best they can do. I learned a tremendous amount about educational leadership and how I can contribute as an educational leader when I graduate from my doctoral program. I strongly recommend that students take him for any course he teaches.
5.0 : He is an amazing professor! He is very professional, knowledgeable, and supportive. He truly cares about the success of his students. He is always available to help with assignments regardless of vacations or weekends. I totally recommend to take ALL of his classes. He is the best professor I have had! He will really prepare you. You will enjoy!
5.0 : Hands down recommend this professor! If you are able to take him, you must! Very passionate about his work and always willing to help! I wish I could take him for further courses.
4.0 : Dr. SC is very smart and passionate about sociology. She will help answer any/all problems you have and is clear about her grading criteria. Her midterm/final are open book but the book is NOT needed. Half of the content you are tested on is from the PP's she gives you and the other half from her PP's and videos shown in class (LECTURE HEAVY).
3.5 : She's a fine teacher. However, I took this class because it's a general requirement. For a class that is a elective to me, she gives so much work AND you're going to be reading a lot from the textbook. In her hour and 45 minute class, she lectures on and on so it is boring sometimes. goodluck
5.0 : This professor is amazing! I have taken 2 classes with her online and they have been extremely interesting. She has been my favorite online professor thus far. Discussions are extremely interesting. She is very involve in the discussions and is always there to help. Love her!!
5.0 : Excellent professor! Always there to help you, she response to both,phone calls/emails.  This class is called "Research Methods in Social Science".  It is a upper-divison course with lots of writing involved, so this class is not to be taking lightly.  The professor is willing to help her students and will see that her students are succeeding.
5.0 : Excellent professor! Class was very interesting, this professor responded to every email,every phone call and address all lectures with clarity.  SOCL3000 is "Research Methods in Social Science".  In this there was a proposal, discussion posts, a midterm and final.  Reading was heavy, but to succeed in class, it was a must.  Overall, great class!
4.5 : Dr. Smith-Cavros is a nice person and wants her students to succeed in her class.  However, her exams are a complexed.  Example, the final&amp; midterm is consists of multiple choice and essay questions, but the time that is given is very short; yet, she wants you to write an essay on the final/midterm in one hour and ten minutes for 50+ quests. NOT.
4.5 : This professor is very nice and will go out her way to assist you in whatever area or topic you are struggling with.  However, this class does require intense reading and heavy research with lots of writing.  The final/Midterm are consists of 30+ questions with essays and only one hour and ten minutes.  It is a research class, so prepare to do it.
1.0 : At the beginning, she seems very nice but for a sociology class, you are expected to read A LOT!!! You are not required to attend class but tests are about what she talks in class. She grades extremely hard! Midterm and final exams are timed and you're expected to write 2 long essays plus 25 short questions. STAY AWAY!!!
4.0 : Tests come primarily from class lectures, so show up!! Gives feedback on every paper written, allowing room for improvement. Clearly covers every essential topic in 8 weeks, thereby providing a broad yet thorough understanding of the subject matter. Papers are graded easily and exams aren't that bad (they're open book!). Highly recommend.
4.5 : Great professor! Gives a rather copious amount of work, but is lenient in grading it. Will give you feedback on all papersquizzes as to what you did right or wrong. You should come to class as her online exams take stuff learned, or from videos in class.
5.0 : Great class. Best thing about this class- I enjoyed the freedom to choose whether to do online live class meetings (4 total) or discussion posts (5 total) only 2 required for each, but I suggest doing the 6 maximum for added points. One midterm and one final. Tests were representative of the readings. I'd definitely take this professor again.
5.0 : Lots of new things to learn in this class. Professor is very clear and explains a lot in live classes. Highly recommended.
5.0 : DOES HIS JOB. Doesn't phone it in. Cengage MindTap is excellent choice for retention. Do the reading and exams will be easy. Complete the chapter tests on Cengage and attend required number of online lectures and you'll be all set. I would definitely take a course with Dr. Moragne again.
5.0 : Nice guy and not an automatic 'A-giver', so I very much respect him.  Fair grader but does expect a decent effort from you.  He's very sharp, too.  I never attended the lectures because I almost always find the text to be sufficient so I can't comment on that part, only the assignments, grading, discussions, and e-mail and in-person meetings.
4.0 : Prof. Wei is very knowledgeable in the computer industry. He likes to read the presentations to the students. Sometimes he is difficult to understand due to his strong accent.
5.0 : he is very good
5.0 : Amazing professor was also Dean of IT, too bad he left the school.
3.5 : Easy class. He puts you in groups to work on project so it makes the work load a lot easier. No need for text book.
5.0 : Easy, helpful and entertaining class !
4.0 : His classes are a bit boring but they are a must! He is a great professor, took him for managerial accounting and cost accounting
2.5 : Really hard class, really hard tests
2.5 : Shouldn't have taken the class with him.... He makes you do some pointless Wall Street Journal summaries...
4.5 : Professor Yessman is quite an exceptional professor.   His explanations are great and he tells you about what is is like in the real  world.
3.5 : He's a very nice guy but the classes are boring and they go till the schedule time, no getting out early. The tests are very hard with the average being a B- but you must study even if the test is online, 2 of the 3 tests were online. Overall the class was hard but I would take him again if I had to
5.0 : Professor Yessman is an amazing professor: knowledgeable in his field, caring, and encourages his students to do well. From the first day of class he lets the class know that at LEAST ONE HOUR A DAY is required to do well in the course. Exams are fair, but you have to study! Take good notes, participate, and don't be afraid to ask questions.
5.0 : I took this course in the Winter of 2014.  His teaching style is one of the best I have seen at the University. He is one you should take if really need to understand this material.
4.0 : As head of Marketing at NSU, Professor Weinstein exemplifies the ideal graduate level Marketing instructor. He is a seasoned professional and is full of useful knowledge. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Took Current Issues in health care online. If you fallow the rubics cube...it's a garanteed A. Fairly easy class. No book required for this class
5.0 : Professor Antonetti is extremely fair at grading. She responds to e-mails almost immediately. As long as you turn in your assignments on time and follow the rubric it is a guaranteed A. This is my second course with and I'm truly saddened to not have her in any of my remaining courses. SHE REALLY IS AWESOME.
4.5 : This class involves a weekly 2 page paper and discussion board response. This course is time confusing but very easy if you put in the time. The best part about this course is that you don't need to buy a book! The professor was great and very helpful. I did miss one of her assignments during my spring break and she did not allow me to make it up.
5.0 : Professor A is straight forward, follow the assignments and grading rubics is self explanatory and spot on. A lot of writing but extraodinary interesting class. I will definitely take another one of her courses.
2.5 : He isn't a bad professor, but if I had the chance to take a different professor I would. He is by no means an easy professor. There is a quiz at least once a week and his midterm and final are difficult. His lectures are kind of boring and there is an oral presentation that you have do.
4.5 : Very good professor, if you study the notes and pay attention you will pass without any problems. Very helpful: gives you midterm and final study guides. Definitely one of the best and most helpful professors at NSU
2.0 : Online course, not very accessible via email; takes up to 48 hours to respond. Unorganized weekly live discussions. Excessive amount of weekly reading and discussion questions, in addition to mandatory 3 different x's a week post and classmate feedback. Save yourself the frustration and avoid at all cost. Class still in progress.
3.0 : Dr. Voltaire is tough to follow in the beginning of an online course. His test are extremely difficult in content &amp; they are videoed via webcam. He does give good feedback &amp; he is open to communication. I truly believe he cares about his work &amp; his students. He's just a little tough. I suggest taking advantage of all extra credit opps to be safe.
4.5 : Professor Voltaire is an amazing professor! He really knows his stuff and is so helpful! I recommended taking his class for whatever class he's teaching had him for two classes already and very pleased with the overall structure and instruction. He is not an easy A be prepared to read and know your stuff! But he is a great and very well respected.
4.5 : Prof. Lindley loads you up with pages upon pages of his readings each week. Never bought the textbook but the casebook is mandatory as he bases assignments off of it. Huge on grammar and always challenges you but definitely one of the most helpful professors. Read, take note of his responses, and participate and you will receive an A.
4.0 : Received a 90 in the class overall. Lots of reading, quizzes and discussions every week, but not hard if you read most of the chapter. Easy grader and gives good feedback on grammar and tips for concepts you may have misunderstood. Easy to contact.
5.0 : SUPER helpful. Responsive to emails. Stickler for grammar, which I am a fan of. Don't let the 13 page syllabus scare you. He is just verbose. He will make you work for it, but it's worth it. There is a lot of reading, but he gives you all the tools you need to succeed. Great Teacher!
4.0 : This is a business law class, so heavy reading can be expected. I never once opened the textbook-- his detailed lecture notes and the case study book has everything you need. Do the readings, post in the discussion boards on time, do the easy weekly quizzes, and you're set. He's very accessible and gives lots of feedback.
5.0 : His class and expectations were very clear. He responds in a timely manner and is very helpful with questions. He is very friendly and available to his student f you have a busy schedule his course is pretty much at your own pace. You will learn a lot. I would love to have him again, he's the best professor I have had so far in Grad School!
1.0 : Syllabus is very straight forward, and you go at your own pace, you have until the end of the semester to submit the 5 page paper, and 10 quizes. you will also have 3 discussion posts.  on the downside, he only addressed us ONCE throughout the entire semester, there was no teacher to student interaction at all.
5.0 : This professor Rocks! He is passionate about his classes and you will be inspired to learn.
5.0 : Excellent Professor and very helpful
4.0 : Prof. Abratt is a great professor. I took him online for IMC. You have to stay on top of the discussion board and do well on the group paper :).
5.0 : Very interactive and highly knowledgeable with practical real life examples.
4.0 : Took this class for Technical management degree, Class overall was pretty easy, the market place scorecard i really didn't understand that much but it was my own fault really for not speaking up sooner.
4.0 : Easiest professor I've ever taken! SHOW UP and you'll be fine. Gives reviews of the midterm and finals that are exactly the midterm and final tests. A group project or assignment here or there, but he's an overall easy grader. Had him for Marketing and Management, and he is truly the sweetest little man I've ever met! Just wants you to succeed! :)
5.0 : With my first class in Nova I got really lucky with this Professor. He Always smiles and has the greatest attitude with class. Even Early in the morning he knows how to wake up students with interesting lecture. Fun and simple in providing real life examples. I would take him again.
5.0 : Great professor, a lot of homework but it was all through connect so it wasn't hard, good professor if you are a freshman, would defiantly take again
4.0 : Great professor and very interesting class. Take him you won't be sorry
4.5 : amazing professor. very funny and is clear when giving his lectures. easy A class, just show up... or read the book to yourself and you're good to go.  attendance points are given, might as well take advantage of them
5.0 : I love taking this class. His lectures cover what you need to know and his tests are clear-cut. He has a very good sense of humor and a positive attitude towards class.
4.0 : Easy class, but you need to attend class. Book is needed for the case analysis and the review for the exam. Exams are the exact questionsconcepts on the review so study that you'll be fine. There is one group project in the class. Great guy and will helpclarify anything if needed.
4.0 : Doctor Fountain is a very well respected teacher. Me personally, I enjoyed having him as my teacher. There is very little work assigned, but he does assign readings for every class, so expect a quiz the next class. He only gives a midterm and final, no other tests. His lectures can be kind of boring, but he is a caring teacher and is sometimes fun!
4.5 : Really cares about her students and is very knowledgeable. definitely would take her class again.
4.5 : excellent professor.  very interesting and enthusiastic.  you can ask her anything and she will not make you feel dumb. in fact, she is very encouraging, even though the subjects are difficult.
5.0 : I took her for Hearing Science, Neuro, Seminar, and Craniofacial. She is amazing. You will learn more from her than possibly anyone in the program, but be prepared to work hard and earn your grade. She is the best of the best. I cannot rate her high enough.
5.0 : She is the absolute BEST professor in the SLP program. Not only is she brilliant she Loves her students and actually, gasps, 'CARES' about them. She is popular among the program for this very reason.
3.0 : She is nice until the students copied and paste her power points on the midterm. She then said she was going to make the final hard and she did
5.0 : I have had her for voice and craniofacial and will have her for professional seminar issues.  She is one of, if not the best, professors in the program.  Extremely knowledgeable, answers email at light speed, and is very accessible, even for online students.  Can't praise her enough!
5.0 : I took this course online and it was fairly simple. A big research paper at the end , but it is mosly filled with discussions from the chapters. Make sure you CITE everything. He replies quickly to emails, even when I emailed him  at 1 in the morning. He really cares for his students and hope to take his class in person.
5.0 : Dr. Piccone is one of the best professors that I have ever had. He makes class interesting and it is mostly discussion based. He is a fair grader and will help his students out. I highly recommend him!
5.0 : The BESTTTT PROFESSOR EVER!!!!!!! Take him, he is great!
5.0 : Fantastic
2.5 : You have a massively long research paper that is 50% of your grade. She expects you to devote all of your time to it as if you don't have any other classes and gets mad if its not perfect when you have drafts due. She would maybe be nice if you aren't in her class, but I would never recommend her to anyone.
5.0 : It is a tough class but its worth it if you want to learn. you have to work hard because is a long project: a 5,000+ words paper (about 30pages), a presentation about the paper and a visual presentation. she is very nice and the class discussions are enjoyable. i learned a lot. it was a very different class. i recommend
3.5 : Professor Bruce definitively taught some new writing techniques that I have never been exposed to; however, I will have to say that I worked extremely hard for the class and could have received a better grade due to all the office hours I went to in order to work with her. She's DEFINITIVELY a professor who IS almost ALWAYS available!
5.0 : Dr. Needle knew the topic well and found a way to make each topic interesting and understandable. It was obvious she cares about her students and wants us to really learn and do well in class.
2.0 : Ton of reading: text books, supplemental readings and hand outs each week.  Quiz questions are very vague at times and answer can be easy confused.
3.0 : A tremendous amount of reading and class participation is a must. Scheduled chats at 5:30 when I wasn't home from work yet and first picking up kids. Most parents have to make dinner then. By 6-6:15 chat was over- don't attend, more writing. Tons of reading. Posted final was 50 multiple choice and T OR F, yet was 90 with fill in the blanks as well
5.0 : Dr. Su is an awesome and amazing professor.  She is caring and highly skillful!  She makes difficult concepts easy to understand.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable, and made us think. Used case studies to help us "Think like a nurse." I would like to take another class with her.
5.0 : Provides a rubric which is your key to obtain the grade you desire. Dr. O also cares about her students and wants them to be successful and will help you in anyway she can. She is also professional at all times. If you have an opportunity, you should take her courses.
4.5 : As long as you show up, pay attention and do the assignments, you will pass.
5.0 : Arguably the best professor I've had. She genuinely cares for her students and going to class is always fun and exciting.
4.5 : If you wanna learn, Take her!!!
5.0 : Definitely take Dr. R! She is an amazing teacher! You will have to put in effort into any class you take with her, but you will learn a lot! She totally knows what she is talking about and loves to answer questions. I took every class I was able to with her. Great teacher!!!!!!
5.0 : Dr. Roopnarine is by far the best Professor I have ever had at NSU. I took every class she offered (ANP1&amp;2,Histo, and adv physio) and I wish she taught more! I am confident that everything I learned from her will aid me in Medical School and beyond. She's a tough grader and her exams are HARD, so study no less than 2 weeks before the exam!
4.5 : She is a rare teacher because she pushes you hard to know the material. Her tests are fair. Her lab practicals are very difficult. One of the best at Nova. I was very prepared for the MCAT because I took her. She's tough, but if you want to do well for the biology sections of the DAT, MCAT, PCAT, OAT, you need to take her.
4.5 : Awesome, awesome teacher!!!! She is not as intimidating as people say. She is really nice and helpful and you will definitely know anatomy when you walk out of her class. If you want to learn then take her!!!!
4.5 : He is a very knowledgeable and interesting man to talk to. Loves when people ask him questions. He is a relatively easy grader and just wants to know you understand the concepts, and he gives a lot of hints if you pay attention. Just pay attention during lectures and you will do good in this class. Definitely recommend him to all business majors.
5.0 : This was a great class that went over a lot of real life examples.  Dr. Tworoger is incredibly intelligent and is open to any questions. The guest speakers were amazing.  The book is only used for exam questions.  All real knowledge is gained from Dr. Tworoger.
4.5 : He's passionate about teaching.
4.0 : Dr. Tworoger is a great professor, his real life experience really seeps into his lectures. Pay attention, ask questions, and start the business plan early and you will do fine. You will learn a lot from this class and he is there to help you if you ask, very nice person that truly cares for his students.
4.0 : GREAT PROFESSOR. she is super funny and really intelligent. she is a little all over the place, but gives you great examples and explains things at a simple level. IF YOU A NERUO MAJOR, BE BEST FRIENDS WITH HER. She wants you to REALLY learn what she is teaching. if you have a question ASK. She makes a lot of jokes and is super goofy. TAKE HER !
5.0 : Dr. Tartar is one of the best professors at NSU! I would recommend taking any class with her. She cares about you succeeding and learning the material. You do have to do some reading and studying like any other class. She does a lot of quizzes and no hw or assignments. And very few tests.
4.5 : Very fun class. Only downside is the difficulty. Definitely not a easy A. Makes you really earn that grade. Quizzes are not to bad but, tests are difficult. Midterm and final as well as 5 Quizzes. Lab report is very long and extensive. Also presentations!!  Very Very funny.
1.5 : Avoid him, to much work
3.5 : Great as a person and he is hilarious. RUN from his class. If you are prepare to get a C and study like never before go ahead. one quiz per week but there are tough if you do not get  C's in the first quizzes Do NOT take the  first exam and drop before it affects you. He knows his stuff therefore do not try to memorize. NO book required.
4.5 : This professor is awesome. I took this class twice due to gpa requirements. First time I took it with anothr professor in class I got a C, Took it with him online I got an A. Theres extra credit every week, computer games, and other two assignments due weekly. If you do your work and get things done on time, I dont see how you can fail
5.0 : Professor Muffler is awesome. Although there are many assignments due weekly, I got through it by doing them weeks in advance, so I could be ahead of due dates. There is one test, that contains seven sections and is open book. It's tricky, but do-able. There is a group project that he reviews during the semester and gives you feedback. I got an A.
5.0 : He gives a lot of work. But at the end you learn from the research cases. Do your work and you'll get an A.
5.0 : He is a tough grader, but he gives so many extra credits and if you do them you should pass.  He will do the best he can for you to pass the class.  It is a very difficult class, with a good teacher.
4.0 : This is an excellent teacher. He gives a lot of work, however, if you attend class, do the extra credits and complete his assignments and CALL lessons you should be fine. He is very organized and helps a lot. Do your best and you will pass
4.5 : Expect to do a lot of work.
5.0 : Great Professor with lots of insight. Would recommend this class to other students.
3.5 : Great teacher. Willing to help you understand material, and willing to help you get a better grade if you really show initiative. Read the textbook and you'll do well. Discussions, midterm, final, and a research paper was the whole class.
3.5 : you cant understand his class but you will pass easy
5.0 : Dr Griffin is VERY knowledgeable in his field. His goal is truly to help you learn and retain the information. Probably one of the best professors I've had at Nova.
5.0 : Likely the best professor at Nova.
5.0 : Dr. Griffin is a great professor! He makes sure you understand the course work as well as answers any questions.  He is extremely helpful and if you ask he WILL help you. He gives extra credit for the quizzes.  He is easy going and makes sure you learn the material.  He is a great asset to NSU. If you can, take his class.
1.0 : Unorganized with a distant presence from the class.  His teachings contradict the syllabus which make the class extremely confusing.  Weird grader, I received an A-, but he did not describe why I did not get an A (I have a 3.85 GPA so this matters to me).  I thinks he believes giving everyone a B+ or A- will make them happy.  Didn't learn much.
5.0 : This professor was the best I have it.He help a lot and he is very clearly when explain.Is the class more learned.He ithe best please more professor like him!!!!!
5.0 : There is no reason you should not pass his class. He gives you all the help you need, any question you may have, he will help you thoroughly. He is very lenient with deadlines, which was perfect for me because I was extremely busy. Weekly test are complicated but he drops the lowest grade, weekly discussion, one group case, one individual case.
4.0 : Great professor. He is very laid back and helpful. Make sure you attend his go to meetings as he gives out extra credit. Although the due dates are all over the place. Quizzes are hard so make sure you study. He has 5 quizzes 1 group project and 1 individual. The group project was a nightmare for me but the individual he will walk you through it.
4.5 : Dr. Brimmer is a wonderful professor. Her feedback has helped me become a better writer. However, her instructions are sometimes unclear; she's not really specific on assignments, but very tough on grading papers. Definitely go to her office hours often and show that you are a hard worker. Other than that, she's great and her class is fun!
4.0 : Very nice and sweet.  Online course: 1 career appraisal project (start early) Final exam was 3 essay questions Must post on discussion board 2 discussions every 2 weeks w comments 2 case study papers due through throughout course. max 5 pages.
5.0 : Such a thoughtful professor! She appreciates students who reach out and show her they care. I am graduating with a psych minor and am taking her for another psych class from how much I loved her! If you put in the time, you WILL do well. She gives tons of feedback and is available for help. She cares about the success of her students.
5.0 : Dr. Boucher is an extremely fun and effective teacher. The course is not hard but will need some reading from time to time. She loves making jokes (especially about star wars). It is important to take part in the class so it feels less like a lecture and more like a conversation. Read material before class begins to ease learning.
5.0 : Dr. B. is a wonderful professor. She makes the class fun every time she speaks. She gives pretty simple tests and I think two or three easy papers. She has no problem helping a student outside the classroom. She's just great. Take her.
5.0 : The course is difficult but Dr Boucher will walk you through it.  If you ask her for help she will spend as much time as you need explaining it.  She is wonderful, she will never make you feel bad for not knowing how to do something.
5.0 : I looked forward to taking a class with Dr. Boucher and it did not disappoint! She's passionate and creates an inclusive environment where participation and questions are welcome. She goes out of her way to make herself as accessible as possible to all students and provides helpful study questions. Come to class, it pays off! Highly recommend! :)
4.5 : Professor Boucher is a great Psych professor. She is very passionate about what she teaches and I would highly encourage her to any student that is interested in Psych!!! If you read the book and follow along in lecture you're bound to pass. Would love to take her class again.
2.0 : Honestly this class was confusing and the quizzes are impossible. The prof is not clear as to what we need to study and when asked for help, it is provided but most of the time it doesn't help. It got to the point where I had to withdraw from the course because I was failing and it was only the third week. I would not suggest this prof.
4.5 : She is full of knowledge! Always giving us the best things to know and her class helped me understand every other class even more. The funniest person ever too! A must take. She will teach you and you will have to work but it's worth it.
4.0 : Honors intro to psych She makes this class amazing. No exams or papers. Class is made up of easy online quizzes, labs, and research participation studies. She gives ton of extra credit. The book is essential to learn and do well on quizzes but you will enjoy reading the book. Attendance not mandatory class is fun discussion and not really lecture.
4.0 : She is a really nice professor, takes time to explain and her lectures are great. She gives pop quizzes but for extra credits. She makes you take quizzes before lectures which is kind of hard because you have to study by yourself the material, but then lectures are really easy to understand, so she knows how to teach the class.
4.0 : Professor Boucher makes sure her students know the material as much as possible. If you do good on her quizzes, you'll do great on her tests. Study her lectures because they are very informational. She is super funny and gives a great vibe to her class. Would definitely take another class with her as the professor.
4.0 : Teacher is so nice but this is my hardest class right now! So many online tests, and labs. I literally look up every single question and still do not get an amazing grade. I tried taking notes for hours and it does nothing. I don't get her teaching style. She lectures after we've read ourselves and taken the tests. What's the point of going 2class?
4.0 : Dr. Boucher clearly outlines when HW is due and her expectations for each assignment. Due dates are pretty flexible, and discussions were interesting! Course consists of LOTS of in-class discussions, so be sure to read the chapters before class (not much). No final, just a 5 pg paper (easy). Fun class!
5.0 : I took an Introduction to Psychology class in high school, and, first semester, I decided to take Honors Introduction to Psychology. I LOVE EVERY aspect of the way Professor Boucher teaches. I understand the concepts as her system of class works in terms of the following: reading the book, followed by powerpoint lectures, and mini quizzes and labs.
3.5 : Professor Boucher was a great professor. I highly recommend her for Intro to Psych because she gives you your first important lesson in college; how to cite your sources! She is helpful, clear, and her lectures are amazing. You will use the textbook, so get it.
5.0 : Although we have a lot of homework, they are simple and aids in class discussions. She is so caring and literally baked us sweets. Shes the best
5.0 : One long paper that is worked in 3 steps... no quizzes, no weekly assignments
5.0 : This Professor was amazing. You have to read A LOT, and pay attention to his lectures, but he gives super clear notes and he's always there to answer any questions. I would email him with a question and he would reply right away. Make sure you do the assignments!! They will prepare you for the midterm and final (the only tests).
4.5 : This professor is very good! Get ready to read and do your part. He explains the subject very well with current information. Read and do your assignments, understand the subjects and regulations if you want to pass the class. Professor is there to help if you need him.
5.0 : I highly recommend! I took an online class with her. Be ready to post 2-3 times and respond to classmates but other than that she makes the class fun and not so difficult.
4.0 : He was fair and was clear with the objectives. I enjoyed his class and learned a lot. I would definitely recommend his class.
5.0 : Prof Brotspies is an amazing teacher. Very comprehensive and caring person. I would recommend everyone to take managerial marketing with him. 2 exams: midterm and final. Both are done in-class. A marketing plan is also done throughout the semester, and 3 case studies. All case studies and the marketing plan are done in group
5.0 : Awesome professor and makes class interesting by giving real life examples
5.0 : The easiest professor you will ever have!!
5.0 : One of the best instructors I have ever had the privelage to learn from. If you have a chance to take her class, do the rigt thing and do so. We need more teachers like her.
5.0 : Great Professor, she a perfect fit for any student in an online classroom environment. I'm practically enrolled in all her accounting courses.
4.0 : Prof. Baker is absolutely one of the most knowledgeable, clear, easy to understand professors I've had so far.  If you attend her chat sessions, read the textbook and turn in homework , you have a great chance to pass her class. She truly cares about her students.  She is awesome.  Would love her to be my professor for all my accounting classes.
5.0 : Great professor, i learned so much in all her classes and she's very helpful when it comes to not understanding the materials. One of my favorite professor of all time.
5.0 : I choose Professor Baker for online class and it was a right decision. She is expert about her topic, clear in her lectures and easy to understand. She loves to teach and take care of her students. I highly recommend her.
3.0 : Be prepared to read and participate. She expects full participation on the discussion boards, you have to post your DB by Wed the latest, and write to 3 peers by Friday. Weekends are considered "late" and you better have a good excuse or she'll deduct points. You have quizzes, midterm, final and a paper.
5.0 : Great teacher. Midterm, final, and discussion posts every week. She did reviews for midterm and final and goes over almost everything. I had a question about a question I got wrong on the midterm and she wrote me back within hours to explain why. Most teachers ignore or say "go review material to get the correct answer". Will definitely take again.
5.0 : Weekly discussion posts required (your post+3 replies). Midterm + Final. She is very clear, messages students regularly, keeps everyone up to date. Tests were not difficult, they are based on the reading. Great professor.
5.0 : Dr. Katz is very knowledgable &amp; really invested in making sure you understand the material. It's a lot of work but I came out with a good understanding. She is very hands on &amp; interacts a lot with the class which is much better than others who just leave you to read and provide limited feedback if at all. Highly recommend if you want to learn.
4.5 : She is an excellent teacher that clearly explains the expectations of the class. There is weekly reading, discussions and responses, two quizzes, midterm and final. The tests cover the reading and she is kind enough to do a study review before each test. Any questions you have will get an answer quickly as she monitors the boards.
3.0 : Professor Katz has the potential to be a great educator, unfortunately she is constantly changing things in her syllabus (expect at least 4 emails a week) and is unclear on what she expects from assignments. She makes you use a software called mindtap that is a total waste of time and money. For this reason I do not recommend her, too much guessing
5.0 : He's real and filled with so much wisdom. If you don't enjoy his class or appreciate him as a professor there is something wrong with you, not him.
5.0 : Professor Kaikobad is very clear from the beginning on how to earn your grade.  Pay attention to  his lectures, read before class and be prepared to participate as it will earn you points with him.  He is fair and if you come to class prepared to learn and work at a masters level, you will enjoy his class.  Work load is very manageable.  Great guy.
5.0 : Dr. Kaikobad truly wants you to succeed not only in the course but also in life. He has the students best interest at heart. He is extremly smart and helpful. Attend the class, read the book and be prepared to discuss in class &amp; you will do fine. Prof is interested in student getting the right information for a succesful life and career.
5.0 : By far the best professor in the NOVA LMHC masters in over a year.  Course material aligned perfectly with the lectures which was presented in a flawless and interesting manner, on topic, with concision. My wife (a Nova Psy.D.), who had him as an instructor in 1995 shares my feelings about Dr. K.   Many thanks from this LTC (R).
5.0 : Dr. Kaikobad is a wonderful professor. He has excellent subject knowledge and is very personable. Additionally, he has a way of getting to the essence of a topic that is borderline magical.
5.0 : Dr Kaikobad is an excellent teacher and a great man. He focuses on helping us see what our clients will need. He is profound kind and interesting.
4.0 : THIS  PROFESSOR IS VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE OF HIS PROFESSION AND DOES NOT MIND SHARING HIS EXPERIENCES OF HIS PROFESSION.
4.5 : Dr. Kaikobad is an amazing professor. Very knowledgable and his life experiences which he shares during class are inspiring. I hope I will have yet a third class with him in the near future.
5.0 : Dr. Kaikobad is a very friendly, knowledgeable, and excellent professor. He makes Ethics enjoyable and makes sure that students understand its importance by telling lots of interesting real life stories. He truly wants you to succeed. You will learn and enjoy his class. A fair professor. You will have plenty of chances to get a good grade!
5.0 : Great person and excellent professor. Makes Ethics enjoyable. Grades: participation/interactions 25%, self-help book review 15% (“stop struggling &amp; start living” which is very interesting), exam 60% (16 short essay questions you can answer in 1:15 mins), optional critique video “my doctor, my lover” for extra credit. Take him, don't think about it
5.0 : I would give Dr. Kaikobad a 5 in all of these: degree of preparedness for class; knowledge of the subject matter; interest and stimulation he brings to the course; presentation and ability to explain in a clear and understandable way; attitude toward students (concern, interest, respect); evaluation/testing of students. I'd take him again!!
5.0 : I'd give Dr. Kaikobad an excellent grade in all of these: degree of preparedness for class; knowledge of the subject matter; interest and stimulation he brings to the course; manner of presentation and ability to explain in a clear and understandable way; attitude towards students (concern, interest, respect); evaluation and testing of students.
5.0 : Dr. Kaikobad not easy, but he is good in teaching.  Exams very tricky but you pay attention you will be good.  I learned more from this professor than any other professor combined.  I Think I will be learning code of ethic the rest of my working profession.    Very extraordinary professor.
3.0 : Read the assigned chapters and be sure to take notes. Study the text and your notes before class.
5.0 : Really usefull class for your future practice. The profesor used good videos and was clear  and concise on the material and relevant information. Read all your text book, You will enjoy this class!
4.5 : Great professor, learned a lot of useful metaphors. It was a weekend class so was intense, but he made it bearable.
5.0 : Dr. Kaikobad is a great teacher and makes the classes fun.  Make sure you read the assigned book and participate in class discussions.
4.0 : World class experience and knowledge. You must pay attention and take notes in class. Be prepared for class, participation is a must!
5.0 : Dr. Kaikobad is an excellent professor. He has full command of the course material and delivers it in a way that is interesting and engaging. Dr. K is also a professor with a great worldly perspective that is helpful on both a personal and a professional level. He is also highly experienced in the field and shares interesting examples.
4.0 : This professor was good overall, he made you think deeply about the topics he would bring up in class. He did not like when the students would say "I don't know", he felt as though you have a brain you have an answer. Only downside is that you get one test which is the final test, which will make or break you.
5.0 : Dr. Kaikobad really shares himself and his life experience with you - I learned quite a bit about ethics as well as life in general. Excellent professor!
3.5 : He is open to share his experiences with you, He is easy but you have to put in the work. His test is directly from the book and lecture. One thing is making sure you to his class on time.
5.0 : Dr. Kaikobad is an excellent professor and his class is easy. He makes class interesting with his stories and helps you succeed. Take him! You won't regret it.
5.0 : He is a good professor and the class is pretty easy. His stories and videos are very helpful. Make sure you  participate in class.
5.0 : Dr. Kaikobad's class is great! I took this class as a weekend course and it was a great decision! I loved his stories and the videos he played! They were super helpful and his exam and papers were fair. Book was required but not 100% necessary to pass the class as long as you participated and took notes. I would recommend him to anyone!
3.5 : I took this course in the weekend format. Of course attendance is mandatory since you only meet twice. He was a fairy easy professor. It says you have to read the book before class but it didn't seem that you had to as he went over each thing. The assignments were fair. Pay attention and participate and you should do fine.
4.5 : I took this class in the weekend format and would definitely recommend taking it with him! Dr. Kaikobad has been working in this field for many years and is very knowledgable about the material. If I had a question about something he explained it in a clear concise manner. I also really enjoyed the supplemental book for this class!
5.0 : He is an excellent teacher. You will learn in his class. I had low expectations for the Ethics class but he made it worthy. I highly recommend him.
5.0 : I love this professor. He tells us how things are- the inside scoop. Touched my heart. Made me think about subjects on a different level. He's the cutest, funny, sweet, caring, he listens to students concerns. Bring him oatmeal cookies.
5.0 : Great professor. He knows his field and explains very well the subject. Read the text required because he will call on you and he doesnt like I dont know. Loved him and I learned a great deal.
4.5 : Brilliant Man, Very challenging professor, as one should expect in graduate school.  Tests are essay or short answer and fairly difficult - you must be able to reason, not just repeat, in his classes! Don't come unprepared!
5.0 : Great professor! Be prepared for class and study with time for his exams. Do not go unprepared! His exams are essay or short answer but challenging.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable Professor, concise and straight to the point.  Reading was related to the course.  If you pay attention in class and take notes you will do great.
5.0 : BRILLIANT! I love Dr. Kaikobad so much. He knows his stuff. You must come to class prepared...he will call on you and expect you to know the answer or at least be on the right track. He also gives you insight to the real-life profession. One test which is the final and it is a short answer and cumulative.  TAKE HIM! You will not regreat it.
4.5 : Awesome teacher! Ethics is a boring topic but necessary, he did a great job engaging the class and keeping us paying attention.  Go to class prepared or you will regret it.  He will call on you whether you know the answer or not.  Overall, a great class
5.0 : Incredible Professor! Dr. Kaikobad took what could be a boring topic and taught it with passion to make it interesting. He will call on you so be prepared. Challenging but feasible if you pay attention. Full of knowledge so ask questions and embrace his answers!
5.0 : I have had Dr. Kaikobad for three classes and I can honestly say that he has never disappointed.  Dr. Kaikobad facilitates an environment that is not only conducive to a quality learning experience but one that is all inclusive.  He is an advocate for a highly interactive classroom, which makes full topic comprehension almost impossible to avoid.
4.5 : Great professor and very informative. Uses material that will actually be used in practice. If he ever goes off topic it will be with the intent to better your future practice or practicum.
5.0 : Awesome Professor, enjoyed every lecture kept it all interesting and extremely understand =)
3.0 : Dr. Kaikobad is always a great professor to take. He will test your knowledge and verify if you've read the book. Test are also difficult. You require lots of studying but you'll learn a lot from him.
5.0 : I took Professor Kaikobad for several classes and enjoyed them very much. He is very knowledgeable, helpful, and challenging. Make sure to participate and be prepared as he will expect you to know the material well.
4.0 : Awesome professor. Extremely knowledgeable in ethics. Full of lessons to be learned. Keeps the class interesting and has a great senses of humor. So glad I took him as my professor. I'm definitely recommending him to anyone who has the option.
5.0 : Great professor! Has a great sense of humor and keeps the class engaged. Definitely recommend him.
4.0 : Class was good. As long as you read as told and are prepared for class you should be fine. Just study but class is interesting
5.0 : Dr.Kaikobad is great. He challenges his students to learn the material. I'd take him again.
5.0 : I really enjoyed taking ethics with Dr. Kaikobad. He keeps you interested and engaged with the incorporation of real life experience, along with course content. Participate.
5.0 : You need very strong notes because that is where your test answers will come from!! He's extremely knowledgeable and it may seem overwhelming at first but that is how you will learn.
4.5 : Participation is a must.  Great professor with a lot of knowledge.  You will end class with a lot of knowledge.
4.5 : Dr. Kaikobad  is a very interesting teacher he really challenges you as a student in class to learn an participate in class. I learned true life lessons in his class from the assignments he assigned to professional development
4.5 : Dr. K is very knowledgeable. You realize all that he says has tremendous meaning and value to it. Nothing comes easy, and he'll flat-out tell you when you're wrong. Be ready to work! I will say that you DO IN FACT come out feeling way more confident after. He will help you lay the proper foundation for your career. 3 thumbs up! I enjoyed the class.
4.0 : He is very intelligent and has many years of experience.  He prepared us for the test by not being specific or detailed on what will be on it.  His only response was "it will all be on it."  It was stressful and overwhelming but made me learn more and study more.  Test also covered almost everything.
4.0 : I really get more aware about the importance of the studying each pathology and theory in deep because this is a Master Degree. He helped the group to get more conscious of this. I learned a lot. I'm very thank full to him.
5.0 : Expects excellence and professionalism from his students. Very helpful and knowledgeable with the content. Has very unique &amp; applicable view on life. Not an easy class but very informative and life changing.
3.5 : Make sure you take note of everything he says and you should be fine. Overall, he is a good professor!
4.5 : The books that he will assign will teach you much more than only course material if you really grasp their meaning.   You must take notes and participate in class.
4.5 : He is very knowledgable. I left the class feeling as if I got my money's worth and finally feel somewhat better prepared to be a mental health counselor. He clarified a lot of topics that other professors were vague on. Prepare for his tests by making sure you takes notes in lecture and participation is a must.
3.0 : His emphasis is on ensuring you understand the material and how to apply it professionally. He's candid about professional experiences and lessons he's learned the hard way so that you don't have to. He may come off as a bit condescending, but he's a good professor and person. Take him, and you'll meet someone you're proud to have in this field!
5.0 : Professor Kaikobad, INSPIRED ME! I learned more than expected; wish he could be the only teacher for my whole program.
5.0 : Dr. James Kaikobad is an intellectual professor of psychology who uses thought and analytical reasoning.  Dr. Kaikobad's lectures are clearly and remarkable concise.
3.0 : Professor was very knowledge in the subject area. He allowed student interaction in class. Professor listened and provided constructive educational and professional feedback. I would highly recommend his class which has helped me educationally and professionally on my job. Thank you Prof. Kaikobad, Psy.D
5.0 : Professor was very professional, knowledgable. Really enjoyed the class and learned a lot
5.0 : This is the best class I have ever had. He is extremely knowledgeable and caring. We had knowledge gaps from previuos classes and he had to teach 3 classes in 1.After 5 other classes and 4 different professors,for the first time I feel I'm in grad school. You will learn with him. Thanks Dr. Kaikobad
4.5 : Very wise professor, learned so so much in his course. He is realistic and lays down the truth. You gain much insight from his expertise. Highly recommend if you take your academic career seriously, this is not an easy peasy course. He will make you think and without realizing it want to participate in the course.
4.5 : You will learn a lot from Professor Kaikobad. He is one of the best professors I have had and the one that I learned the most from. He will help you develop your critical thinking through different analysis. I loved his class!
4.5 : You learn a lot from him. He is a very wise teacher. He helps you with other parts of the programs and gives you tips in being successful in graduating with you licensing test. His final is on his notes, but you need to read before class. he will ask you questions and expect you to be able to give 1 sent. You leave class early for weekend class.
5.0 : Great Professor, I learned a lot of things in his class, take good notes!! and study! exams are not difficult but you must study to pass the test! overall great professor!
5.0 : Dr. Kaikobad is attractive because of his warmth which is only shown when you answer his questions with intelligence and directly. He is intense and provides both the affirmative and "devil's advocate" approach to individual opinions his attempts at stretching the class's ethical stronghold. I vote "YES" for Kaikobad. He is a winner.
4.0 : Great professor, you learn a lot.  Be prepared with your readings before classes and be active in answering questions.
5.0 : Great professor, very knowledgeable, and you learn a lot. you need to participate, show up to class and you are definitely going to have to study for his class.
4.5 : Dr. Kaikobad provided clear and concise explanation of what he expected from the students from the first day of class. His expertise and experience in the mental health field is an added bonus as he provided personal insight into how to be a better more effective counselor in the field. Be prepared to participate in class!
4.5 : Dr. Kaikobod has one of the most unique lecture styles I've encountered since entering grad school. He uses a mixture of personal narrative and textbook knowledge to engage his students and convey a subject (ethics) than many would find dry and dull. His perspective on life and the counseling practice is one I will not surely forget.
1.5 : Worst professor I've ever taken and I am a graduate student.  He does not put any effort into the class and is not helpful at all.  Don't bother emailing him; he will not respond.  He is knowledgable and knows his theories.  He is more of a philosophy professor than psychology. He will call on you randomly in class so make sure you read.
2.0 : Avoid this professor!!!
4.5 : Dr. Kaikobod has probably been my favorite professor during my time at nova. Ive taken him twice. I'll be honest, it is not easy getting through 3 hour lectures in my grad program but the intellect and substance Dr. K has is very apparent and demonstrated in his lectures. I literally feel smarter overtime I leave the classroom. He is fair, do it :)
4.0 : Dr. Kaikobad is very knowledgeable of Ethics. His lectures are very informative and interesting. He teaches from experience and provides real life examples from the profession. He requires attendance, reading and participation. There is a book report and a final. He is always engaging his students in the lecture and keeps the class interactive!
4.5 : Dr Kaikobad is great at explaining material in class and always adds his own experiences which makes it easier to relate readings to real life situations. He has a great sense of humor and is both approachable and knowledgeable. I would definitely take another class with him in the future.
5.0 : Dr Kaikobad is a brilliant professor who will share his own life experiences from the field.  You will not only learn the necessary course materials, but life lessons that will stay with you beyond the semester.  I would highly recommend anyone to take his class that is eager to learn more then just the basics.  attendance is a must!
5.0 : One of Nova's best professors. He is so knowledgable about the field.
3.5 : You must read and come prepared for class. He will call on you and participation is a must. Attendance also a must. He has a final and a paper due on the last day of class, and you will not receive feedback on either one. However, his test isn't difficult if you show up and take good notes. Be a good student and he will respect you!
5.0 : Professor James is very inspirational in that he does not only teaches you concepts from the book, but he teaches you concepts about everyday life that can be very beneficial for individuals.
3.0 : I took ethics with him and I would take him again . he lets you leave at 8:30 PM if the class is from 7:00- 10:00 pm. I didn't like the fact that everything was due the last day of class. there are only two grades which are the final and the book review. final exam was fair however you MUST study because its short answers ( no multiple choice) .
4.5 : I really enjoyed his lectures, great story teller. He brings in real life examples from his extensive experience in the field. He's hilarious, but doesn't tolerate nonsense. Class is mandatory, and majority of your grade (60%) is dependent on your comprehensive final exam. I have already signed up for another course he teaches next semester.
5.0 : I just took 2 classes with him. This exceptional professor will give you the real taste of experience of the field and answer your questions realistically and honestly that almost nobody else does. This is might be your last chance to learn how not to be a brainwashed cyborg in this manipulated society. Real life experience is much more than grade.
5.0 : Great Professor! You only have 1 test &amp; 1 paper. You must attend class to pass &amp; take really good notes. You use the book as a reference to review what he says in class, but good note-taking is key! He's really knowledgeable &amp; cares that students learn. He knows his stuff! He makes class exciting by sharing personal stories. Would take again!
5.0 : Professor Silk was engaging, funny, knowlagble and questioning one of the best teachers I've ever had (although I had already seen most of the videos for first year phyc) I found his class uderly fascinating!
5.0 : Great teacher - great class! Fair grader. Very creative in class projects and class activities. She is always around campus, so if you need to meet with her, she's around.
5.0 : Good class and it flew by. Just do the work and use a cover page for assignments.
5.0 : Just participate each week in the DB and make sure you know your grammar! She's really into that "Proper APA" stuff! Submit your papers on time. She gets back to you very quick when you have a question and seems friendly. Understanding, too.
4.0 : Assignments are clear and actually useful. s a group project for the final, but it is do - able. Particpate on the discussion boards. Grades quickly, but I feel she actually reads my papers.
5.0 : Univ 1000 is now a required class for all new students. If her section is open, take it!!!! She's on campus at all the events, so you can talk to her a lot. She knows everything about nova, so she's a great person to get to know. Very helpful and fair. You do have to write papers and you do have to go to class but classes are actually pretty fun.
4.5 : I haven't had a problem with this guy at all. For an online class, I find him kinda chatty! He sends course messages every other day. He seems cool, very encouraging. All of his emails tell us that we're doing a great job, etc.
5.0 : He sends you emails almost daily. He does that to let you know he cares about his students and wants you to succeed. He is very fair and will help you to do well in his class. You'll find that he forgets to change dates to match the current semester. But he is a great professor!
5.0 : She is a wonderful Professor and funny as well.
4.0 : Almost dropped this class at the beginning of semester because he made it seem as his class was very difficult.  I sweated through the class but at the end of the semester I realized how easy it was.  Do well on the connect and participate and you will do well.  Lots of work but most is take home and you can use the book in class for tests.  Easy A
3.5 : I took this class online and it was not what I was expecting. The first half of the semester was constant assignments (25-30 questionsweek). After the first half, no assignments at all. No midterm, no final. I had to check with the other students to make sure I was not crazy. Not bad for an online class really. He's just a bit unresponsive. Easy A
3.0 : Professor Derzsi is a very confusing teacher, he does not go by the syllabus, and he changes his mind a lot. It is a very easy class, he comes on harsh at the beginning of the year, but very easy class. The midterm was take home and the final was in class open book and he helps you during the final if you need it. Do not drop his class!!!
3.0 : Professor Derzsi's class is very easy. He sounds harsh in the beginning of the semester but, overall it is a very easy class. He gave a take home midterm, and the final was open book and everyone was allowed to talk and he helped us during the exam. Do not drop his class!!!
3.0 : Everything Is Mostly Done Online, However For Folders You Have To Do Too Much.. Jokes Are Some Times Funny... He Should Focus Lectures More On What Tests Would Be On. And Should Explain Answer Questions Better Than Giving The Run Around Or Half Way Answering.
4.5 : Stick it out. He is very helpful if you have questions. If you're one to put in the time and effort, he will recognize it. Do your online work honestly because he will check the time you took to do it. His jokes are hilarious if you read and watch news. He will answer questions during his exams and is willing to help you through it.
4.5 : Amazing Professor,  he cares about his students , communication is great and will answer extremely fast . TAKE HIM if you have the chance
3.0 : honestly, only went to class a few times and ended up with an A in the course. just have to do online assignments, worksheets and online midterm and you should be fine.
5.0 : Dr. Antonio is one of the most universally intelligent professors I've known. Exercise Physiology and Research Methods were "easy" classes, but enabled students to learn adequately. In addition, Dr. Antonio demonstrates nonpareil knowledge in exercise physiology, research and other exercise science subjects.
4.0 : Personable and nice professor. A lot of work due but gives ample time to complete assignments via online book. Plus is no tests, term papers, group projects, or discussions due!! He provides great feedback for all written assignments.
5.0 : There's 4 weeks left of this course and I just had to comment! He is a great professor.
5.0 : Easy A!
5.0 : Professor is very professional in her manner and is also very knowledgeable in the area of Education and ESOL.
4.5 : Nice professor, his classes are a bit boring and people usually don't show up. A lot of Mastering Physics, so if you don't pay attention to this you might lose 10% of your grade. Tests are easy as long as you've practiced. His equation sheet is amazing!!
3.0 : Professor Wonnell is a good professor. Accounting is not everyone's favorite subject but he explains the material clearly but I would recommend him for the most part and he gives feedback on the assignments. You will need the textbook for the assingments.
5.0 : Not an easy class but very clear on expectations and enjoyable. Very helpful and timely when contacting her.
2.5 : Good teacher, but like to share additional information, the basic can be obtained from the textbook. Good teacher, but is not clear with his assignments.
4.0 : She is an amazing professor, she really makes sure to go over your projects and give you feedback so you can improve. A lot of time to work on your project in class and get her help with the software, really helps you to understand the software. She gives you time and the opportunity to resubmit assignments.
5.0 : Professor Moore is an amazing professor. The class discussion were mind opening and filled with passion. All assignments are in essay form and require reading but the case studies (readings) are very interesting. DON'T WORRY you will do fine if you apply yourself. Oh and DON'T BUY THE TEXTBOOK, he prints out all the readings for you!!
5.0 : I've taken two classes with Dr. Moore and I would definitely take him again. He prints out ALL of the chapter assignments so no need for the textbook. His lectures are super relatable and interesting. The class does have a lot of essays but he's flexible about due dates and always leaves great feedback.
5.0 : I took this professor for an ESOL class. EVERY assignment taught me something new. I would def take him again.
5.0 : Great instructor who goes the extra mile to help students understand the materials. He facilitates discussions and listens well.
5.0 : He is a phenomenal professor and anyone would be lucky to have him. Dr. Ross is so helpful and passionate about his work.
5.0 : Dr. Ross was extremely passionate and helpful. He really helped me get through my semester. I am truly grateful for his mentorship.
5.0 : Dr. Ross is by far the best professor I have ever had! He is incredibly passionate about his work and will bend backwards for his students.
2.0 : Dr. Clauson is knowledgeable in subject area, evidenced during mandatory live sessions. Unfortunately, he does not respond to emails although he states email is a good contact method. He is also very slow to grade assignments, with no stated grading rubric, making it difficult to determine if submitted assignments meet grading requirements.
5.0 : Dr. Hinds is one of my favorite professors at NSU. He is not easy but he is very clear on his expectations. Also, I really enjoyed reading 7 Habits of Highly Effective People in his class. He gave plenty of extra credit opportunities and allowed us to use our booksnotes during exams.
4.5 : Dr. Hinds is a great prof. with tremendous real life experience. Great course work and the field trip is amazing and so impactful. Do your work and you will pass, Dr. Hinds just wants to make sure you get something and understand the concepts of the class. Thank you!
1.5 : He misleads you with his words. The grading is unreasonable and he is a discredit to the school.  I would recommend staying away.  He comes off as a nice person and the sucker punches you.
5.0 : Dr. Hinds is an outstanding professor. He is an accomplished entrepreneur and businessman that can bring his real world experience into the class room. His classes are hard but attainable if you are willing to dedicate the time. His lean management course is one of the most useful courses I have ever taken.
5.0 : Very clear and organized class and taught and explained concepts very clearly.
2.0 : Prof. Hinds is a good entrepreneur, but not an effective instructor.  He is misleading and a tough grader. Not very helpful when trying to get his feedback. MBA students may not need as much guidance as undergrads, but he should teach better if he wants to grade harder. Boring class, studied mostly on my own. Shame since the curriculum is useful
4.0 : Dominguez is the best math professor I have ever had.  He explains everything and wants his students to do well.  There is always a review before the quizzes, midterm and final. homework is optional. Great guy.
5.0 : good professor, certainly recommend take his class.
5.0 : Great professor! The mid and final are just like the study guides. Goes the extra mile to teach just what is necessary to have an understanding in statistics. Homework is optional. Take the class if need stats,he is the best chance to pass!
4.0 : Great teacher. He goes very slow so if you show up to class, you will pass and get a good grade. Although this class may be easy, I recommend you show up for every class. If anything its a great refresher, and he doesn't overwhelm you with homework, Very understanding.
5.0 : He is a great teacher!
5.0 : Good teacher. Hard exams.  Is expert in field and passionate about content
2.0 : Not the worst teacher, but is so full of himself. Very condescending.
4.0 : Detail oriented professor. Class is challenging but he is fair. Responds to questions with lightning speed.
3.0 : The course is the most comprehensive course I have taken at NSU. I believe that he should consult other professors on how to create interest in courses. The simulation was great. The workload was cumbersome but interesting.
3.5 : He gives you extensions on any assignment that you want and he isn't a very hard grader. You are able to do quiz corrections on the online quizzes and you only need a 50% on the in class quizzes, anything above that is extra credit. His lectures are quite boring though.  All you need is the MyMathLab access code, I didn't use the book once.
5.0 : He's the best math teacher i've ever had. I hate math. He gives extensions whenever needed, and he is one of those professors that actually want you to pass the class easily. Also sends reminders for upcoming deadlines.  Really cool dude
5.0 : Extremely clear in all lectures and is open during office hours and recommends tutoring if you need more help. Assigns homework every week, but it's not due until the last day of class. Short, 3 question quizzes once a week and NO chapter tests. If you have a basic understanding of what to do and actually do the work, you are guaranteed to pass.
4.0 : Samansky is wonderful! Gives great lectures and gives extra credit. This professor will help you understand the material. If you're bad at math TAKE HIM!
2.5 : He's super easy. Not the best teacher to take if you actually want to learn.
5.0 : I absolutely love Prof Samansky.  I suck at math and was very hesitant about taking Precalc. However, Samansky made math a walk in the park. He explained everything very well and gave us examples we would need for the quiz. He never quizzed us on anything he didn't mention in class. He extends every homework assignment and take home quiz if needed.
5.0 : I love Dr. Samansky because hes flexible and more than willing to give extensions (I have him for an online class). I would not recommend taking an online class. Especially math. It's so time consuming. You have to watch the vids, take notes, do hw, and test for every section. Assignments due wed/sun. If you're taking math online TAKE HIM PLEASE!!!
5.0 : Samansky is the best! Material is complicated but he makes the lectures easy to understand. Very flexible with due dates of HW and quizzes. Exams are not hard, straight from class examples and always gives you a review before the exam.
5.0 : Exceptional teacher, very good at teaching. Before, I'd struggle in any math class, but with him, he explain every little part of a lesson in detail which really helps me understand. He never misses a single point in each chapter and section. Fair grading system. But if you don't pay attention, you won't pass. Quizzes &amp; homework all year, 2 exams
4.0 : Mr Samansky is amazing. Honestly, he will extend ANY homework or quiz on mymathlab for full credit as long as its in by the end of the final. The material is tough, and im not doing so hot in the class. But, he also drops the lowest 5 homework scores and the lowest 2 in class quizes. The only tests you have are the midterm and the final, take him!
5.0 : He is a great teacher. His notes are very detailed and he does every problem step by step. He allows homework to be submitted until the end of the semester. There's a quiz every week. 3 questions per quiz. His grading is very fair. There's homework once a week. Midterms and finals are based on the quizzes. Final is not cumulative.
5.0 : For ONLINE class is great! If you suck at math like I do, but work hard and need more time, he gives extensions. Homework and tests twice a week (they are not long). For some reason wrong answers take a heavy toll, so try to get as many good answers as you can when doing the homework. Very comprehensive professor. ALWAYS there for you!
5.0 : Professor Samansky is by far the best professor for math I took, I will take his class again when I am taking Calculus. I think he is willing to help, he is here to  help and will not fail you if he sees you trying. Test and quiz are just like the homework so taking good notes will help for sure.
4.0 : Advanced Calculus was given as a tutorial, meaning that instead of meeting 3 times per week, we only met once a week for an hour. The material is extremely difficult, but Dr. Samansky is very helpful and gives completion grades. There were no tests in this class (no midterm or final either), just hw, half of which was group work. Great professor!
5.0 : Awesome teacher, very helpful, answers calls/text. Read the chapter and take notes. What he teaches in class along with what is in the book will be on the test. He's funny and knows his  stuff. Get ready to have a good time and talk science.
5.0 : Prof. Householder was great! I had him for a 4 hr environmental science class and he was really engaging and wanted everyone to do well. His lectures were great and he gives extra credit.
5.0 : EXTREMELY EASY A! Professor Kolman assigned every student a chapter of the book to summarize and present. It is easy reading. She uses many personal experiences to make the topic easier to comprehend than it already is. She doesn't believe in tests so you may get a paper at the end of the term instead of a final (she will let you guys vote on it)
3.0 : I took her for LED3000, but they didn't have that course as an option to click on. Don't take her class online!! She takes forever to respond to emails or just doesn't answer and her syllabus is confusing.
5.0 : This professor does NOT believe in giving tests.  Instead, she assigns papers, but she's strict with the wrting expectations, so if you take this professor, make sure that your writing is what it needs to be for an excellent grade.  Otherwise, points will be deducted.  If you want that "A" make sure your writing is formatted correctly.
5.0 : Great professor and extremely easy A. Just show up and you will pass. Only a few assignments due. Definitely recommend!!
5.0 : Health Policy class was interesting stuff. Instructor's feedback was very helpful. Pretty much ensures you know what he is expecting. The textbook was very straight forward.
5.0 : This Professor is GREAT.. BUT you have to pull your weight. He will work with you beyond belief to pass. He also gives you his cell in case of emergency and he really answers and not let it go to voice mail. To me he is one of the TOP professors alone with Professor Antoinette. Take his class.  do your  homework on time and you will score big!!
4.5 : Professor Lewis, expects a lot from his students but is always there for you to help in any way he can.  Work hard and get your assignments in on time.  He is incredible interesting and you can tell he loves what he teaches.  Cant wait to take his bioterrorism class.  Hard but worth it. Excellent!
4.0 : She's not bad at all, the class is just a bit ridiculous. She's very sweet but takes the freshman seminar class a bit too seriously.
3.0 : Class is overall easy, but I  will not take again. Key to passing his class is to study for those weekly vocab test and turn in those essays every Monday. If you are not a good writer don't take the class he is a heavy grader when it comes to grammatical errors.
4.0 : Professor B is great! For any non-science majors who need to take a science class, this is the one to sign up for. Study and you will pass. Not complicated. Professor is understanding and kind. Accessible outside of class.
3.5 : Professor Baldauf was overall a good environmental studies teacher. He expects alot from his students for a basic level biology course, it is not an easy class but it is doable if you come each day and study hard for the midterm and final which are 50% of your grade. He grades the literature review very harshly so ask him alot of questions about it
5.0 : Good class. Easy A if you do the work and study for the Friday quizes. 2 big group projects, hard topics but manageable. Defiantly recommend and would take again
3.0 : Hard
4.0 : I loved this course. It was entry level and was not very challenging, but it provided some great conversations and allowed me to learn more about the subject while not stressing the grade. The class is mostly graded on knowing vocabulary and keywords in conjunction with one group project. Your results may vary if you don't like to memorize things.
5.0 : He is the prime example of a great professor. He knows the material and can explain it 4 different ways if you need him to. Very approachable, but does require you to study, show up and do the work. You will get the grade you earn, but he will help you in any way possible.
3.0 : I took his class online,  he gave a lot of homework and quizzes, in the end of the semester there is an optional makeup test for people who did bad on a test. He will try to help if you ask for help.
5.0 : He is by far the best professor I have ever had! If you study and are responsible for the work assigned, you should be able to pass the course with a good grade. Guys, there is no FREE LUNCH! Those complaining about the work and assignments should ask themselves: "Do you want the teacher to do your work for you AND give you a good grade too?"
3.5 : Very clear, great at explaining things to people who aren't great at math. I'm better than the average person at math but not great and I got an A. Most of the grade is from the HW, which is online. Every question can be done an unlimited number of times until you get it right. Tests are very fair, and if you do the HW you'll be prepared. Take him!
5.0 : He does have an ascent but you will understand him. He really cares about his students grades and doesn't want anyone to fail. The only way you will fail is if you don't do your part, which is attend class, do your homework &amp; quiz until you get 100%. Also there's a review sheet which helps you out for exams and also count as extra credit. TAKE HIM
5.0 : He does have an accent but you will understand him. He really cares about his students grades and doesn't want anyone to fail. The only way you will fail is if you don't do your part, which is attend class, do your homework &amp; quiz until you get 100%. Also there's a review sheet which helps you out for exams and also count as extra credit. TAKE HIM
5.0 : By far one of my favorite Professors at Nova. If you study my mathlab, do you hw, and study from the review sheet, you will get an A in his class. On mymathlab, every question can be done an unlimited number of times until you get it right.
5.0 : Amazing! Took him for algebra, taking for Precalc. Clarifies everything, gives up to 15 extra credit points per test. You can take quizzes multiple times online until you get an A, homework is easy and can re do problems to get 100 on HW. He has an accent but its easy to understand. Really works with you to make sure  you understand the material.
5.0 : Great teacher! He has an accent but after a couple of classes you would become accustomed. I highly recommend him as a math teacher, he is one of the best at nova.
5.0 : This professor is the best of the best. He helps a lot. He gives extra credit as needed and gives good real life advice. Do the homework and quiz and you will pass.
4.0 : He's okay. Tests COUNT be aware! I messed up the first test and payed for it the rest of the semester. He is very clear and makes you understand the material. MyMathLab just sucks all around. It is not fun. His accent is different, but understandable.  P.S Mathway  your friend until the test.
5.0 : I HATE MATH! but professor Abushieba makes me want to go to class and he really wants everyone to pass. I have already registered to take his next level math class next semester.
3.0 : I can see how he may be an enjoyable teacher, however this year with him has been one of my least favorite classes. He does teach well, but if you are not okay with feeling like your in middle school again and him stopping class every 5 minutes, DON'T TAKE THE CLASS. I have learned because of him, but I just don't feel like he is too personable.
5.0 : This professor made me like math again. I took this course last semester and had to drop but with him everything was so easy and I actually learned. He teaches you short cuts and is always so helpful with answering question and answering homework questions. He gives reviews that can earn you up to 15 points of extra credit. Quiz are online .
5.0 : Prof. Pendarvis is wonderful and very helpful. Took her online and truly enjoyed it. Study and work the homeworks and you will do fine. She is very responsive and helpful if you ask her. Thank you!
5.0 : Would definitely recommend taking Professor Pendarvis. Extremely helpful and explains/breaks down the work, especially seeing that the class can be a bit overwhelming. You have to apply yourself, it's a lot of content but bearable as long as you do your part as a student. She's always available and answers any doubts you may have.
4.5 : She was very helpful. Tests get kinda hard because you'll find some stuff that was never talked about in class and never in any homework or assignments, but they're not too bad. I'd recommend her to anyone wanting to take Spanish; the only reason I'm not is because this intro class made me realize how much I hate Spanish, but she was awesome!!
4.5 : Profesora Fuentes is an excellent instructor. She is willing to answer your every question. Participation is key in this class, as there are many handouts to complete with your classmates. There are several quizzes and tests that comprise most of your grade, along with two essays, a presentation, and a personal interview. Buena suerte!
5.0 : She is one of the nicest professors I have ever had and  would definitely recommend taking her. If you do decide to take her she's awesome, but be prepared to study!
4.0 : This professor is great. Yes, you have to study and what not to get the grade. He doesn't put anything on the test that he didn't speak about or bring up. I had several classes with Kakoti. Paper grading is pretty straight forward. Good experience in all his classes.
4.5 : Dr. Kakoti is not hard professor if you study his powerpoints and other course materials. He is very helpful when he sees you try very hard to succeed in his class. He is a great professor and you learn a lot from him. If you like to get an easy A, this is not your type of professor.I am taking him again next semester. What a great mentor!
3.0 : He's a funny professor but sometimes gets off track and isn't afraid to share his opinion on things. Stopped teaching the class half way through the semester and all his classes had to be assigned new professors.
4.5 : The tags say it all. Great and hilarious professor, but his class will become your life if you want to pass. No matter what the book is, have it before the first day, because you will have read it all by the end of the class. I'm not kidding. He assigns a lot of work, so I'd recommend only taking him for 16 week classes so you're not overwhelmed.
5.0 : He is not an extremely hard professor nor an easy professor. If you want an easy A, don't take him. But if you want an interactive experience, then take him. As long as you read the book and pay attention to his PowerPoints, you are golden.
5.0 : Dr. Kakoti is the best! When I was a CJ major I had wished that he taught all the CJ classes given at NSU; he's that good.  Of curse, you have to work for your grade, but he's so fair , he'll give a "grade bump" only if you put in extra in whatever assignment given.  With that being said, it would be impossible to fail his classes.
5.0 : Best teacher ever. He cares for his students, and if you study, do your works, you will pass.
5.0 : He is the best professor I've ever had. I took him the two years I was at NSU and passed all of his classes with either a B+ or A. He makes you work hard for that A, but you won't be the same after taking his courses. He provides study guides and always wants to help you understand the material.
5.0 : Professor Brown was absolutely AMAZING. She made my freshman year exciting. Her lectures were so condusive to modern legal issues while also demonstrating historical significance. She is concise, thorough, and easy to speak with. I finished with a 92.7% in the class, so I'm a bit peeved because I was .3 points away from a 4.0. But she's perfect
5.0 : Professor Brown is a freaking gem!!! She was so excited to teach this class and that translated to her students getting excited too. She teaches in a pretty informal way. It's more discussion-based but it works. Personally, I remember conversations better than lectures. I'm for sure going to take her again!
5.0 : Difficult subject matter, spectacular professor. She's helpful, clear, gives amazing lectures and is sarcastic and hilarious. She makes you feel like she really wants to be there. She does NOT take attendance, but you'll miss a TON of information if you skip. There are fill-in notes which are a life-saver when studying, but you'll need the textbook
3.5 : He is very helpful, he gives two midterms even though it's only like 6 questions very difficult. He gives you a chance to bring  up your grade. 10 quizzes in total but he drops the lowest 3. His quizzes and midterm is open note but the final is not so be careful and pay attention.
4.5 : Can be dry at some points but he is very enthused by math, welcomes participation and really knows what he is talking about. If you are confused he will help you in class and he offers great help during his office hours. I took Calc 3 with him.
1.5 : I don't know who writes these reviews (himself?). He just can't teach! He gives extra point to let the class pass and that's it. You won't learn anything though.
3.0 : Great professor, he gives you a chance to earn an A in the classroom. You have a lot of chances of earning extra credit. Test and quizzes are not easy so pay attention in class.
5.0 : Prof. Paksoy cares about his students and does everything he can to help them understand. He always works out problems in depth and is available for office hours. Quizzes are open note and he grades fair (also gives half points for correct work).
5.0 : TAKE HIM! He's such a good man, and is clear. His grading scale is great, and I think he has his phone on him 24-7 to answer any email or question! He pushed all of us, and made online pre-calc bearable for someone who is awful at math. The quizes are harder than the tests but are only worth 1/4 of your grade. Your best option for upper level math!
4.0 : He's a good teacher, the class comes with the textbook. He gives you 3 options from where you can learn the content from: the book, a video, or a study plan. If you do the problem sets that he gives, you should be good for the quizzes and test that are weekly, they are not hard if you do them.
5.0 : Professor Paksoy is a great teacher. He is always willing to help and when he does help he always makes things easier to understand. His online class is not hard. Weekly tests and quizzes. No homework. No midterm but a final exam
2.0 : Gives no test, besides the midterm and final. Quiz every Friday on the two chapters covered that week. If you get stuck on a chapter you must move on because the quizzes are to close from each other. Quizzes are ten points each but only three tough questions. Drops lowest three. Overall, not too helpful. What a nightmare of a semester.
2.0 : DONT TAKE THIS CLASS IF U DIDNT TAKE CALC IN HIGHSCHOOL. He is a nice guy. But don't expect this class to be a GPA booster. I am a Bio major and this was my lowest grade (and I took calc in highschool). The tests are so hard. The highest grade of the class on the final was a 65%. Quiz every week &amp; 2 midterms (one is take home and is not easy).
4.0 : Calculus 3 is a very tough course; the majority of it deals with objects in 3D, which are hard to draw and visualize. There was no hw in the class, but there were 4 tests and 1 final (take home). If you get an A on the final, you get an A in the class. All tests (including the final) are extremely difficult. Only take this class if it's required!
4.0 : Even as someone who can't stand math, I thought he was a great professor. Super clear on what he wants and the weekly quizzes are pretty standard. Willing to give extra credit where you need it and easy to talk to outside of class, too.
5.0 : She's amazing! I failed the midterm and I still got a B+ in the class. It is a lot of work (quizzes every week) but there is extra credit given every week that can really boost your grade. For the midterm and final we were allowed to bring in 16 formula sheets! As long as you give yourself enough time to study, you should get an A.
5.0 : Great professor! She is an asset to Nova's MBA program. She really knows finance. Highly recommended!
5.0 : Lots of work but she is very good!
4.5 : Dr. Palkar was by far the best professor I have ever had! She gives immediate feedback and help and is extremely helpful and eager to see you learn. She is a positive instructor and doesn't enjoy seeing you struggle. More instructors at Nova need to be like her. Finance was a hard class for all of us but with Dr. Palkar it was well worth it!
4.0 : Great teacher, Love that she gives you feedback on discussion post. She will sometimes email you if you make a mistake. She is easy to get in contact with. - Weekly discussions &amp; Quizzes that are due every Sunday buy 12:59 - One Mid term and Final ( they are timed and you must study) - Two Mini Case studies - No group work - Extra credit available
4.5 : She is a very good professor! You have to work hard but she helps a lot and gives many problems to you practice. Promptly reply to your doubts and gives several assignments to you get extra credit points and finish the course with an A
5.0 : Weekly quizzes and hw assignments that must be completed. She gives good feedback on the homework, as long as you do it, you'll be able to pass the quizzes. Gives good PPTs and excel sheet examples to help you study and learn the material. 2 mini cases to do, easy if you follow instructions. Midterm and Final were fair. Offers extra credit. Great!
5.0 : She provides good feedback on your homework assignments and provides extra credit as well.
5.0 : Prof. P is sweet and is really funny in a quiet way. She makes a point to talk about concepts before she introduces subject matter and wants to work with you if you are willing to learn. She is strict yet understanding.
3.0 : So I'll speak the truth. The reason why there's so many reviews is because she makes her students write good review and then rewards them with an extra point; unbelievable, what she will do for her rep. smh. She makes you do a current event every week, cant miss a class cause youll lose a point, and her exams are really hard. E-text didn't help
4.5 : I love Dr. E! she is beyond helpful and will go above and beyond in order to make sure you get the information. She is a bit chatty, but she makes the classes WAY more interesting! She is a tough grader, but if you have everything she asks for and have a brain, you'll be fine! just keep up with the reading and participate in class! ;)
5.0 : Dr. E is very intense she reaches you a month before the class starts and if you do not answer she keeps sending emails every day! She is very available every day every time , there are a lot of writing.
2.5 : Not only in her class but all the classes at this level, I wish we could do more individual work - in this way we would be more clear on our individual weakness, strength and with room to make the necessary improvements.   Group work does not show the strength or weakness of the individuals in the group- more individual work would be worthy of time
5.0 : I loved this class!! Dr. Marschke made the class fun. I learned on how to apply what is taught in the class to real life situations. Great professor!
5.0 : This semester has been really rough on me, so I deserve the grade I will be getting in Dr. E's class. Shes a good teacher, I have taken her for 3 classes and I have no complaints.
4.5 : Dr. Marschke is very student-centered! She is engaging and really cares about the success of the student.  She is truly an asset to NSU!
3.5 : Prof. Marschke is 100% vested in the success of her students.  She's honest, a taskmaster and obviously enjoys teaching. I recommend her wholeheartedly to anyone. She'll make the class worthwhile.
5.0 : Do not expect to just pass this class by just showing up! Participation and group work matters. Dr. Marschke is very helpful in all aspects of HR. She gives great feedback and is there to guide you. I really enjoyed taking this class with her and hope to take her in my future courses. Very admiring woman for all the achievements she has done!
4.5 : Great teacher with difficult courses but very helpful and supportive.
5.0 : A lot of energy but fun and engaging.  She keeps it interesting and will give you honest feedback.
5.0 : Tough professor, but very fair and knowledgeable. Was unsure of her teaching style after the first day of class. But ended up loving her approach to teaching.
4.0 : Very driven, dedicated prof, lots of energy.  Reliance on student led presentations left something to be desired.  Good conversations -  great class.
5.0 : Dr. Marschke is high energy and works hard to keep her students interested and prepared for the future.
4.5 : This professor is very caring and understanding. She keeps the students engaged and the class fun. I highly recommend her class.
5.0 : Dr. Marschke is a great professor. She is very knowledgeable in the subject and is available to speak to her students any time. If you call her and she misses your call, she will call you right back. She really makes her class very interesting. I really loved the dynamic in her class. ?
4.0 : Dr. E is a tough yet fair professor.  She is very knowledgeable and helpful.  She pushes her students to take ownership of their learning.  Highly recommend her for any class that she is teaching.
5.0 : She is truly a caring professor. She is extremely smart, fun and an encouragement to her students
5.0 : The difficulty of her course is directly dependent upon your willingness to work. She is great motivator and instructor, but she will make you earn every bit of your grade.
5.0 : Dr. E is very knowledgeable and helpful. She pushes her students to take next step on your life, not only in business she is carrying about spiritual life as well. Highly recommend her for any class that she is teaching.
 Report this rating
5.0 : Professor Marschke is the best professor i have taken. This was my second time taking her.
5.0 : Great professor, very clear and understanding!
5.0 : Excellent professor! Great example to follow!
5.0 : It was a such honor to have this professor teaching BUS 599, the capstone class. She made the content easy, fun, and interesting. The best teacher ever.
5.0 : Dr. Marschke has been wonderful to learn from. She is fantastic at contacting students and keeping you focused and on track. She made my time much easier and was extremely helpful in getting through the course
5.0 : Great professor. give you work every week but you will enjoy it and she is flexible. Her road map of due dates is very good.
4.5 : Dr. Marschke was excellent.  She explained the different organizational behavior methodologies using real world examples.  As a working professional, I was able to apply everything I learned in this course to my current position. I found this class to be very interesting and felt engaged throughout the entire term.  Good Job Dr. E.
5.0 : Dr. Marschke is an awesome professor! She has a great sense of humor. She relates organizational behavior to real life experiences in a fun interesting way. If you have to take OB she is the professor you want to take it with. She is very understanding and she works with you. I loved this class and I look forward to having her as a professor again!
5.0 : Great class. Great Professor. Group dynamics were challenging, but professor helped us through. If you need to take this class take her.
5.0 : This was a great course. The instructor is very personable. She gives out her cell phone number and will answer students questions at any time, which is rare. The course material was interesting. There are some presentations in front of the class required. As long as you are willing to work you will have no problem with this course.
5.0 : Great Professor. She is very personable. She will accept calls from students on her personal cell phone any time you need help which is rare. The course material is interesting. There is a lot of writing involved, but it is not too difficult just a lot of work. She is also very funny, you will laugh a lot.
5.0 : Great Professor. There is a lot of writing involved, but it is not too difficult just a lot of work. She is funny, you will laugh a lot.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class. The professor always made me laugh. There will be work but it will be manageable. And if you need any help she is more then willing to talk to you anytime. overall, best class
5.0 : The course content is not difficult, and the professor is very helpful. Make sure you read the Grading Rubrics for she grades exactly by them. This particular class required a lot of writing and group work so be prepared for that.
5.0 : I had an amazing  time in the organizational behavior class. Read the syllabus and follow the rubric for each assignment. The professor is very comprehensive and she is a fair grader.
5.0 : Wow! What a great professor! She is accommodating, approachable and knows the easiest way to put students' intelligence to work. The course is challenging but the Professor will work you through in the simplest way.  Her jokes makes the class more interesting unlike other Professors. She is "primus inter pares" (first among equals).
5.0 : Dr. Marschke is the best professor I've taken at NSU so far. Not only is she fair but she cares that we take multiple lessons and apply it to our professional careers. The class is no cake walk by any means but she makes you earn your grade. Great professor and an awesome class.
5.0 : This professor is amazing. She is very kind and full of energy. She makes the subject interesting and makes this class worth coming to. She is very understanding and compassionate about her students.
5.0 : Dr. E was a great lecturer and teacher as I experienced some personal issues this semester and she was more than helpful in making sure I kept on track with the course, thanks!
5.0 : Professor Marschke was awesome. I really liked this class. It was a lot of work but she was fair and helped as much as she could. I really learned a lot to apply to my career life and personal life that to reference. My group was great as well. I ended up really enjoying this class.
5.0 : Dr. Marschke's class was definitely a challenge but a very enjoyable one. She's always  willing to help you do your best and keeps you engaged both in class and through her assignments. I would definitely recommend her to future students.
5.0 : her road map was perfect for knowing what's due and how much its worth. She is an amazing communicator and very interesting, which keep students attentive in class. She is the best professor at Nova. One in a million.
5.0 : Amazing professor! gave me all the tools in order to succeed in the class!
5.0 : amazing teacher, hope to have her again
5.0 : Dr. Marschke was very thorough with instructions for the class. She kept the class very interesting. I will highly recommend her to other students.
5.0 : Excellent Teacher, I will have her for another class.
5.0 : Dr. E is just great!!!
5.0 : Class involves weekly current events, final paper, midterm, and final. Great class would take again.
4.0 : She is really good. She values integrity as any good professor would. She wants everyone to make an attempt and has no sympathy for slackers. She is a very passionate person and makes an attempt to go over and above what is required by the call of duty. Always accessible and made it clear that she can be reached at any time on her phone.
5.0 : Dr. Marschke is by far the best professor I have had at NSU. She is crazy and out there, but really cares about her students and I learned a lot more in this class than any other. Even though she doesn't put the PowerPoints on Blackboard, the in-class discussions teach you everything you need to know. Definitely take her. Awesome, inspiring lady!
5.0 : Great professor but does require a lot of her students. Be aware that you will have to step out of your comfort zone.
5.0 : One of the nicest professors at NSU. She enagages students to think outside the box, and I have used this course more than any other class within my MBA program. I am seriously thinking of switching my focus from management to Human resource .
5.0 : GREAT PROFESSOR FOR THIS CLASS! TAKE HER!
5.0 : Outstanding professor with a lot of  experience teaching the course. She encourages a learning environment!  Easy to learn using real world examples, not just a power point class.
5.0 : Great Professor. Makes the time fly by. Good information.
4.0 : Great professor. Provided engaging and motivational material that related directly to HR
5.0 : Dr. E does everything to make sure you succeed and truly understand the material!
5.0 : A lot of work has to be done, but she is such an excellent professor. She cares about students and is always available. If you want an A make sure to do the current events an read the book.
4.0 : Definitely the best professor to take for this class.
5.0 : great professor!
5.0 : She is a great professor, makes the class entertaining and fun.
5.0 : Great energy and friendly, but will snatch away a papers half written
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had!
5.0 : She's a good professor. She's very straight to the point. One of the best things is that it's a reasonable amount of work compared to other classes. Also, she answers emails quickly, which is very important.
5.0 : Dr. E was amazing, attendance is optional, HOWEVER, attending class is counted as participation. The group project was doable, it was just a lot of information to research. She is very interesting, I love her method of teaching. I am definitely taking her again in Winter
5.0 : Great Professor, Fun, Inspiring,
5.0 : DR E is the BEST!!! Take her and you won't regret! She is the best professor I've ever had at Nova. She is funny and very inspirational. Just do what she says and participate in class and you will do great! DR E cares a lot about students and she knows how to keep a class entertained for 4 hours. I wish all my teachers were like DR E!
5.0 : By far, the best teacher I have had so far at Nova.  I hope they could all be like her, but I doubt they could match her charisma and her kind-hearted nature.  It seems she genuinely cares about her students.  There is a lot of homework and you must read to pass the tests, but how else are you supposed to learn anything?
5.0 : I really recommended Professor Eleanor. She is awesome.
4.0 : Dr. Marschke is a treasure and a great asset to the Business program at NSU. Dr. Marschke takes a great investment in each of her students. Her dedication in not making the material come alive but for us to understand is greatly admirable. She takes stock in each of her students.
5.0 : Great professor. Great content.
5.0 : Dr. E was an outstanding professor. I really had a great time taking this class. It was very enjoyable.
5.0 : What a great professor.  Dr. E really cares about her students learning.  She is very knowledgeable and shares her academic knowledge as well as her real world experiences
5.0 : great teacher. works hard to teach students.
5.0 : Excellent Class! The Professor was very organized, helpful, and very open-minded. She is very entertaining and holds your attention till the end. I would, without a doubt, recommend her to anyone who is required to take this course.
5.0 : Prof E. is very knowledgeable and very nice person.Exams are tough but if you take notes of her lecture, read the text book and watch BB videos you will sure score an "A"
5.0 : If you are interested about Human Resources this is an awesome class with a very competitive professor! She is very organized, she has a real passion about sharing her knowledge and experiences with students. The book is necessary 100% make sure to read your nova email. The professor is also very approachable. Good luck! A+
5.0 : Dr. Marschke is the best professor I have ever had in the entire program. At first I thought she was crazy for having assigned seats, but saw the benefits in the end. She is an amazing professor, inspirational leader, she is motivating, and encourages you to believe in yourself. There is no way you can fail this class.
5.0 : One of the best professor in Nova Business school. Energetic, knowledgeable, and dedicated to the education of the students. I couldn't imagine going through the MBA program without taking her. Professor Marschke  change my perspective on what the education process should consist of. Thank you for a wonderful semester!!!!! Wish you all the best
5.0 : This was one of the best night classes I have ever had. Prof E had kept you going without wondering what the time was. She is a very well organized professor, pays attention to each and every student in her classroom, and ensures that everyone are on the right path in getting a good grade. Will I suggest her to anyone? Yes I will.
5.0 : Ver helpful - loved the class- extremely clear!
5.0 : I normally prefer taking my courses online. But taking this course with Professor E. Marschke made it worth every penny. Her energy and passion for HRM made the class more willing to participate. Taking this class opens up my mind to take another class on campus and preferably with Dr. E.
5.0 : Dr.E is a delight. She is very informative and always able to relate her  everyday experience with what we are learning in regards to the class. She makes the 3 hour class feel like nothing. I love this professor and can't wait to take her again.
2.5 : So about these two 20 page papers she wants in one semester Nice lady and all but her assignments are a bit much and extremely unclear. I would NOT suggest taking. I dropped the course and took with another professor.
5.0 : I really enjoyed Dr. Marschke's human resources class.  Every week she brought practical experiences to her lectures which made them interesting and resourceful. She's tough but in the most beneficial way as she cares about our learning experiences.  She's a great professor that I highly recommend and of course I'd enjoy being her student again.
5.0 : Professor was an impact to my studies. She knows how to teach and has experience  in corporate america world. Many examples given are lessons to learn. Keeps you on the edge of your seat. Not a single class did I yawn. She loves to teach, loves students, and is one of the best most effective professors at Nova. Highly recommend her.
5.0 : Professor is entertaining, but talks more about her personal work/life &amp; less about HR so you have to really teach yourself . Her exams (2) are average &amp; directly from the book (so read, read &amp; read some more). The group project, current events &amp; participation are EASY grade boosters. Extra Credit opportunities available. You get what you put in...
5.0 : Dr. E is the best professor at NSU. She works with you if you have any conflicts, and she also is a great teacher. She has motivated me to start attending Nova's SHRM chapter and I love every one of them. I wish I could take her for all of my classes here at Nova!!!
4.5 : I found the course  and good and instructor helpful. I took the time to reach out to her to ask questions and she was available to me very quickly and very professional. The syllabus and assignments were clear and test came out of the book. Definitely felt challenged but I was up for it-- it is graduate level
2.0 : I took her for Adult psych and she was great but for child psychology she was terrible, she doesn't give clear answers to questions and you have 3-10 page papers to write.
5.0 : I can't say enough how helpful Dr. Martinez was to me during my practicum.  She provided a tremendous amount of professional support and encouragement, especially when I was struggling with a difficult site supervisor.  I went on to take Dr. Martinez for both Internships I and II. A+ professor
5.0 : I had Dr. Martinez for practi****course.  I can't say enough how helpful and supportive she was. I struggled with a related site supervisor during this time and Dr. Martinez really went above and beyond to assist me.  A+ professor!
5.0 : This was an excellent course, well organized with clearly defined expectations. Dr. Martinez really went the extra mile to assist students, and reached out to each student individually during the semester.
5.0 : Dr. Martinez is a wonderful professor.  I am graduating from Nova this semester and believe that she is one of the best professors they have.  She takes the time to get to know students individually and truly cares about students' futures.
5.0 : Dr Martinez has been the best professor I've had since I began attending Nova
5.0 : Dr Martinez helped make this experience as an intern and a student at the same time wonderful. Love Her!!
3.0 : I don't really have anything "bad" to say about this professor. Her grading is very hard. She grades the discussions and responses very harshly. She doesn't give reviews for any of the exams and they are VERY hard. She does give the option to do a paper for extra credit. She answers emails quickly and grades quickly!
3.0 : She's nice but her test are a bit hard its all about how you comprehend it. She has one  mandatory paper which was 2 pages and an optional paper that was 8-12 pages which i did and it helped my grades from a C- to a B. She explains things for you to understand clearly. no homework.
4.5 : -Friendly and helpful, overall fair grader.
5.0 : I found him to be first rate. Very helpful and knowledgeable. Plenty of feedback and help.
5.0 : I have had Dr. Conti as my professor for four classes in substance abuse. The overall amount  of work is not excessive and the assignments really help you to learn the material. He often contributes to the discussion posts too! Not the "warm fuzzy" type, but has moments of humor. Highly recommend him!
2.0 : Professors course does not invoke intellectually stimulating dialogue, and freedom of discussion.  Instead his academic approach is very rigid, lacking of a broad research foundation and professional exposure in the field.  He will reshape course assignments after students have completed the work for assignments, then penalize the students grade.
4.0 : The assignments will force you to do a lot of research which is for your own benefit. Online classes make it tough for communication so my first impression was not so good. As I got to know Professor Conti I really began to appreciate his real world input and sense of humor. You will have both papers and oral pres. and APA adherence is critical.
2.5 : Dr. Sobell is very smart but he does not do the best job at keeping the class interesting. If you're already aware of research methods, I would take it because you can read the book and pass. His tests are open book/notes. Attendance isn't mandatory. Overall, the class is boring but relatively easy and he's an understanding professor.
4.5 : Dr. Carifio's class was a great experience.  He is the type of professor at Nova that makes you feel your tuition money for the class is worth every penny! I loved his class, but it was not an easy class.  You had to study hard, and take good notes. I can't imagine a better professor teaching this course.
5.0 : Excellent class, very interesting, good case examples, professor willing to work with you if you're having trouble keep up.
5.0 : This was a great course and I wish this professor taught other courses here too.  Very funny, great case presentations.  His PowerPoint is helpful, although he speaks  fast at times, but he slows down when reminded.  I would recommend this course to anyone.
5.0 : Very clear lectures. Fair grader.
4.0 : Dr. Manny has a great sense of humor and I enjoyed his weekly lectures. It's a great time to ask questions. There is a lot of reading and the topic itself is tough but he will answer any questions and give good feedback to questions. He gives plenty of opportunity to get the grade you want to earn. The syllabus and weekly work is very clear.
5.0 : Such a sweet lady! She broke up the term paper into sections and gave us help along the way. Provided printed versions of her powerpoints as well as many other helpful handouts. Midterm was fairly easy and final was just a presentation.  I learned a lot!
4.0 : Changed my views on various topics. If you want a professor that really talks to you instead of just dragging you through boring slides this is the one.
5.0 : Caring professor. Isn't too strict with deadlines. Replies to emails quickly
5.0 : I took EDUC 3535, Educational Assessment, with Professor Coughlin and she is the best teacher that I have ever had at Nova Southeastern University. Professor Coughlin made the class very interesting by providing a great amount of information and sources that we can use in the future. She is an inspiration, and one of my biggest role models.
5.0 : Great Professor! Helps you when needed and the work isn't too bad. Will definitely take him again.
5.0 : Learned a lot from his national level experience
5.0 : Best teacher I've ever had.
5.0 : professor Lyons will be the best thing happening to you in nursing school!
5.0 : Physio is not an easy course , but Dr. Lyons explain things very well . If you study and ask questions, you will pass. She's always available to answer any questions and you can even text her to ask questions. I have a B so far and I've been studying nonstop. You have to at least study 3 hours a day to pass this course. It's pretty hard!
3.0 : professor lyons will be one of your best professors during 1st semester. she is willing to help with any questions you may have. Test and course context are extremely difficult than lower division A &amp; P. you really have to understand the material to pass this course. go to class review her lectures and take notes of everything she says.
4.0 : i dont know why nsu program makes you retake A &amp; P. just waste of time and money . lyons is a wonderful person she's always willing to help her students but test context are extremely difficult. many students were struggling to pass this course. while the ones that were passing came in with a solid background in the medical field. good luck &amp; study
5.0 : The best teacher, ever! She explained physio so well. No other teacher is like her. She knows her material. Do not skip class. ALL her lectures are so important. Tests are definitely difficult, but if you study and attend all her classes you will do just fine.
5.0 : One of THE best professors I've ever had. She explains everything clearly and she's always willing to answer any question and if she doesn't have the answer she will research it and get back to you. This is not an easy class so you MUST study! Wish I could have her for the rest of my college career. Truly a gem!
5.0 : I took Lyons August 2013. She is by far one of the best teachers I have ever had!  Cardiac was my best test but with all the other systems, she explained everything with clarity!!!
5.0 : I took A &amp; P two years ago when I first started Nursing and if it wasn't because of my solid Science and previous Anatomy and Physiology background it would have been a tough class to overcome. Even then it still was a tough class, but listen to her, LISTEN TO HER!!! She explains clearly and in detail everything that will be on the tests.
5.0 : Hey guys !!! Take prof Lyons  She issssss amazing !!! I love her  She's the best
5.0 : The best professor ever. Respect the students, a person with integrity, she is humble and is a brain! One of the most intelligent women I ever meet. I  In 4 semester of nursing and we still calling her because she is simply amazing. I feel blessed to be in her class.
5.0 : Physiology class is not some class you can get by with minimal studying. It is a level 4 class and requires time to ingest and effort to be put in. If you study her lectures extensively, you will get an A even without opening the book. She simplifies the material so well which makes it so easy to understand. Her tests are directly from lectures.
3.0 : Professor Lyons is an sweet person and will help you with anything needed but test are extremely difficult the questions asked are difficult. You need to understand concepts back &amp; fourth. No extra credit nothing hard to pass the class unless you already have a good background in healthcare.
5.0 : Professor Lyons is EVERYTHING!!!! Obviously youre taking physio because youre pursuing a health profession... therefore she makes sure you know what you need to. Its a science class... so STUDY!! The only thing you need to do to pass is LISTEN TO HER LECTURES !!! And ask her questions... shes HAPPY to answer them. Dont slack &amp; youre good.
3.0 : nursing students have to retake A&amp;P again through nova. but i do not recommend her class, Exams are extremely difficult so much material is crammed for A&amp;P 1/2 for one semester. its frustrating to put in so much time &amp; effort, and not seeing the results you want. if you already have solid background in healthcare it will be alot easier. goodluck!
3.0 : i will say lyons is the most caring professor you will ever have. She teaches good, simplifies material. the only issue i saw with a lot of students is when it came down to take the exam, her test her very difficult. those you were already working or doing a second degree in health field, found this class easy. AP is taught way too fast for once
4.0 : Lyons is the BEST professor you will ever have she is there to answer any of your questions!!!! her lectures are amazing and she teaches what you need to know but like other students are saying yes ill admit her test are quite the challenge. The material itself is not difficult but more of the exam part. be prepared to to put in ALOT OF TIME!
4.0 : lyons will be the best professor you will have in your nursing program. she is there to answer any questions. the material is not difficult but be well prepared for exams. be careful to the way her questions are worded to what she is asking for. class is not difficult honestly its more of her exams. its harder than what it needs to be.
3.0 : The material for this class is not difficult. what is difficult are her exams. if you can master her exams and understand her twisted questions. then you will do fine. she gives powerpoint and is available to answer any questions. She has a great heart. good luck and be prepared to do nothing else with your time but this class.
5.0 : Leah Lyons is the truth. This is not community college intro physio. This is critical thinking absorb physio. If you focus on what she is asking and not the fluffy stuff you will be able to apply this in real life. She encourages and gives you some opportunities if you've fallen behind. Don't abuse that. Focus on the goal.
5.0 : Prof Moreno is excellent. Not only is she really sweet and understanding but she is very knowledgeable. Her classes are super interesting and so are her teaching strategies. She has extraordinary Power Point presentations and she quizzes you on those. It's always pleasant to take a class with Prof. Moreno.
5.0 : Dr. Glavin was a breath of fresh air. His lectures are very entertaining and he has great information. He is inspiring and you will most certainly learn something about your self. Don't take him if you are into surface level work. It's not a hard class but I found myself self searching quick a bit. He is a rare gem! MUST TAKE!
5.0 : wonderful professor
5.0 : very clear about what he expects from you, easy A.
5.0 : Dr. Glavin was an amazing instructor. I had him for career counseling and he definitely taught me a lot about the field as well as my self. Any university is lucky to have him.  He is enteraining as well as provided a lot of awesome assignments to complete.
4.0 : This class was a lot of work. Wasn't difficult if you keep track of everything and followed all the instructions.
4.0 : I took FIN 3120 with Dr. Cho online and it wasn't bad.  He responds to emails quickly and even provides a weekly chat session.  He grades fairly, but the material is difficult to catch up on if you fall behind.
5.0 : Dr Cho is  one of the greatest asset of Nova South Eastern University
5.0 : Dr. Cho made a difficult subject very easy to learn. He has great PowerPoint lectures which are available online if you miss class, and they teach you everything you need to know. Never bought the textbook and did just fine. Very organized, always accessible, and knows his stuff! Very fair with workload and grading. Definitely recommend.
5.0 : Great teacher who is very clear about what is expected. Together with Jack De Jong, they are probably the two best instructors in NSU's finance department.
4.5 : He is the best I ever had.
5.0 : Excellent Professor. Simple, clear, concise, practical and professional. Perfect financial tutor. Very quick grading your material, won't keep you waiting for weeks before knowing your results! Very practical and a no fuzz professor. Content is valuable and meaningful without overloading. Would love to have him as my professor in future classes!
4.5 : Easy going professor. As long as you do the work, you'll potentially get
5.0 : Dr. Khazem is the best. strongly recommended!
2.0 : He is nice, but only reads the powerpoint presentations and finishes in an hour. The exams are horrible with 2 answers for a question and he curves sometimes. If you want to learn and have a fair grading, take another professor.
5.0 : Professor Khazem is great and very understanding! Study really hard for the midterm and final exam. Also, don't wait until the last minute to do homework because it's A LOT. Overall, the professor is great!
5.0 : Dr. Khazem was a fair professor with clear expectations.
5.0 : Professor Khazem is a great professor who cares about his students success.. I got sick during the semester and he was extremely understanding of the situation and allowed me to make up the work.
5.0 : Awesome professor. I hate finance and I was a little nervous taking this class but Dr. Khazem is verry helpful. He gives feedback and is willing to help you understand. Definitely recommended! One more class and I graduate!!
1.0 : This prof is ok. only if you take him ONLINE. In an on-ground class he does a poorly job explaining stuff. Also be aware of the mid-term and final. He makes you take them in class. Terrible. On regards the homework, it is a LOT of homework for no reason. I would highly recommend online.
4.0 : Overall he's a good professor and take advantage of extra credit. I would recommend to take this class alone because you'll have weekly homework assignments that are time consuming plus 2 exams and a term paper project throughout the term. He has a sense of humor and makes the class fun. As long as you try, you'll do fine in his class.
5.0 : One of the BEST teachers I've had at NOVA! She is awesome! Class is VERY easy and clear! You just have to do your speeches and papers which are easy as well and shes always willing to help you. She is very funny and a great person and professor. I highly recommend her!
5.0 : Extremely fair and intelligent professor, took him for introductory logic course at BC. Lectures are good and easy enough to follow, he covers everything in detail that you need to know. Super transparent with test dates and materials. Most competent and fair prof I've ever had.
5.0 : Miss Lutkewitte is the best teacher I have had at NOVA. Since my first language is not English I was afraid, but she is very helpful. I have improved my English thanks to this teacher. I had her for both Comp1000 and Comp1500 and I sure will have her for Comp2000 if she is available. If you are serious about classes, take her and you'll get an A.
5.0 : She is an awesome teacher. She wants her students to really take something with them when they have completed her course. She allows you to learn from your mistakes and improve by making corrections and turning it back in for a better grade. OVERALL AMAZING
5.0 : Dr. Van Hilst's section of Network and Data Communication is pretty straightforward and easy for anyone that attends the lectures. It's an introductory class for the topic and it's likely easier than the CompTIA Network+ certification test. Basically, no memorizing needed and anyone with programming experience will breeze through this introduction.
5.0 : Great professor, he really knows his stuff and is not a tough grader. For CSIS 2101 don't worry about the text book, he has a website with all his lectures on it. The turn in dates dont matter and you have unlimited chances to turn in assignments, highly recommended!
5.0 : Great professor
5.0 : Very clear in his explanations. Very nice. Lets you resubmit assignments. He really doesn't care about grading, he just wants you to learn.
5.0 : Dr. Van Hilst is a wonderful professor. Not only does he explain topics very well, but he is super helpful in and out of class. Definitely makes learning a programming language easier! Class is made up of multiple assignments with no deadlines, that you can resubmit. Learned plenty with a minimal amount of stress
5.0 : Helpful, very interesting to talk to.
5.0 : Professor Van Hilst is an amazing teacher. He takes time to meet with students to help understand the assignments. Gives a lot of assignments but allows you to redo them until you get it all correct to move on to the next assignment. Even creates online tutorials of different lectures to assist online students. He has to be one of my favorite prof!
4.0 : He is a very good teacher but sometimes expects you to understand things when you have no idea what he is talking about. There are many assignments, two every week, but you have unlimited submissions, so try not to fall behind. He definitely is an expert in programming, but sometimes when he explains you get more confused.
5.0 : Dr Van Hilst I would easily say is probably one of the best teachers I've ever had. He was incredibly helpful with any questions, gave awesome feedback on assignments and would regrade if you corrected mistakes. His video demonstrations were excellent, he even gave me his personal cell# to call him with questions if I had trouble on assignments.
5.0 : Really good and forgiving teacher even if you mistakenly give him the wrong section of your code for finals, midterms and quizes every single time (i swear i turned in the right one on final but i guess i did not) he will ask you to turn in the proper one with chance of still full credit.
4.0 : While Professor Atkins can be a bit more hard-grilled when it comes to deadlines and especially MLA formatting, she's overall a good instructor who just wants to make sure that her students leave with a clear understanding of what is expecting of them in their future writing careers.
5.0 : She's the best
5.0 : She is the best. I would highly recommend her! Lots of useful information for writing my resume.
5.0 : Class was great. Professor made it easy to understand. Don't fall behind on DB but overall i would take him again in the future.
3.0 : Discussions are important in his class. However, half of grade was on 5 final papers. He doesn't give good feedback. He assigned reading material for every week but did not cover it on his lecture of the week. So really the books were not necessary. I don't think I would take another class with this professor even though it was an easy A.
4.0 : Dr. Acevedo is a great professor, good lectures and relates everything to real life and real client situations. She sets clear guidelines for grading but is tough. Be prepared to study for her exams.
3.0 : Super boring class. Spends the full 3-hour class time lecturing straight from a Powerpoint. Could be way more interesting esp since the topic is so morbid. However, she is very intelligent and pretty nice. Be prepared to read A LOT and learn lots of info.
5.0 : All the comments on here are spot on. She is an awesome professor. She explains everything clearly and always asks if you understand. Just take notes in class and you'll do fine. Everything she covers in class is on the test and theres no homework. You definitely don't need the book unless you want extra practice.
5.0 : Really knows her stuff, as long as you pay attention and take note you will pass no problem.
4.5 : Professor Tesser lectures with a more traditional style. She writes and explains material on the board, which covers everything on the exams. Homework is optional, but the syllabus gives you practice problems which help when preparing for tests. Highly recommended!
5.0 : She does a very good job of explaining concepts. Take notes and the class is very easy.
4.0 : She is an easy A as long as you pay attention in class. She gives quizzes periodically, but only counts the top 10. Also, you can do test corrections on every test except the final.
5.0 : Easy class if you show up and take notes
4.5 : She honestly wants you to do well and if the class isn't she'll start making stuff up like "I'll curve this this exam and drop the lowest one." All formulas are given and it's an easy A. Honestly I didn't do homework past the first chapter, but she used questions from the book on exams.
5.0 : Professor Tesser is awesome. If you've never taken statistics before, you will definitely have to study more, but she helps you as much as she can. Extra credit opportunity after every test. Homework is not mandatory. Great professor, great class!
5.0 : She's an amazing professor for stats. Her class is beyond easy. If you just show up and pay attention to her lectures, and then study the examples from class you'll do well in that class. The tests are exactly like the examples she gives you so there are no surprises.
5.0 : Good class, good teacher
5.0 : Dr. Harrington is a very understanding professor with lots of outside world experience . He provides great insight to his students and is very dedicated to helping them succeed. The Connect homework and quizzes were rather tedious, but they reinforced what the professor taught in class.
5.0 : He has us do graduate level survey of literature on a topic of interest to us and our major so we can participate in the Honors symposium. We work very closely with library staff and one on one meetings with prof through several iterations to get what we need. Outstanding prep for grad school level research. This is his passion, yteaching
5.0 : Dr. Deer is great. He's a really easy professor. He doesn't use the book much when he speaks, he normally uses his past experiences as a lecture. He can talk for days, but it's interesting to listen to. He's not a hard grader and if you slip up on the midterm but pass the final he takes that into consideration. He's awesome.
5.0 : Professor Deer is the best. I love going to class because it was entertaining, he talks a lot and relates the chapters on the book to real life. He will help you with the midterm and final. He takes into consideration if you pass the final but fail the midterm. LOVE his class sign up with him.
5.0 : He is the best professor at Nova if every professor was like him students would be graduating with 4.0 gpa but that is not the case. He is Hilarious, He will tell you what he expects from you which is not much just respect. He will help you if you need the help. BEST PROFESSOR EVER !!!! take him and you will not regret it....
5.0 : Great professor. Grades daily and assignments are clear!
2.5 : Professor Deer is a fun teacher but with that said its hard to understand the concepts involved plus his quizzes are impossible. Only two quizzes and three group papers. Look its not a bad class but everyone gets screwed over the final grades because of the quizzes. I managed with a c but most got c's or failed. GET THE TEXTBOOK!
1.0 : I wanted to like this professor...I really do. He is the worst at responding back to you and it's one more week left until the class is over and we have received no grades for any of our assignments. He does not give clear instructions when you contact him nor does he answer your questions. The only grade we've received so far is the midterm.
2.0 : Don't expect a timely response to email. Disorganized and doesn't know how to use BB very well. Our final was supposed to be posted on Wednesday, announcement on Monday that it was available, it wasn't. It still wasn't as of Thursday. Weekly discussions are easy but good luck on passing an exam. Review his practice test which are LONG
4.5 : The only way you don't get at least a B is if you don't show up for class and do nothing. Great professor &amp; one of my favorites at NSU so much so that Ive taken 3 of his classes. TAKE HIM.
4.0 : Professor Deer was an awesome teacher, although he was forgetful when it came to the weekly current event presentations. He was overall a good teacher, he really knows his stuff, just pay attention to pages he mention / go over in class and you'll pass the test. Both book are needed because homework comes out of both.  Group paper fairly easy
4.5 : Good class, not much work, just a weekly writing assignment, one presentation and one group paper. none of the topics were very hard or time consuming. my only complaint is he does not grade anything until the end, so don't expect to see you grades other than the midterm and final which were online and really easy. would defiantly recommend
1.0 : Never knew what my grade was until seeing my final grade on my transcript. Reached out to him asking why I had received the grade but could not give me a reason. Lectures are boring and at times irrelevant to the topic. Highly suggest taking marketing online with a more responsive teacher. DO NOT TAKE.
3.5 : He talks the whole class, but doesn't really teach much. Both the midterm and final were online and timed. You need the book to do two minicase assignments. There's a current event assignment and one group paper. His class was super easy; just do your work
5.0 : Professor Deer is a sweetheart. He is hilarious and his lectures are worth attending class for. He doesn't use the textbook much when he speaks, as he normally uses his past experiences as a lecture. Everything he says is very relevant to the world of business, and I made notes of his advice! He knows his stuff. Would definitely take again.
4.5 : His lectures are very insightful and current. He knows his stuff. His exams are sometimes online or on ground (I've taken him for 4 different classes). They are essential to passing, because there aren't many other grades. Typically there is a group project, an individual paper, and two test. Enjoyable class, hence I've taken him 4 times.
5.0 : TAKE THIS PROFESSOR!!! He is the best, great lectures, easy homework and just one little group project. The Midterm/Final are online and it is super easy to get 100% on them. I would defiantly take him again!
5.0 : AWESOME. I give him 5 stars.
5.0 : Hilarious professor and easy class. He gives students a chance to talk about their countryculture since it is an International Business class, which I thought was great. Book is needed for the exams! Just do all the assignments and you'll pass, he is extremely leniant. Would definitely take again.
4.5 : Dr. Mirza is a wonderful professor. Take her, she's witty and delivers information clearly. She utilizes small writing assignments to get you to think on your feet which only happen during class, so attendance is important. She's a very fair grader and you can send her your paper to look at before its graded, just be sure your sources are good.
5.0 : Dr. Mirza is an amazing professor. If you want to take a professor who truly cares and wants to see you succeed, she is the one. She's extremely intelligent and has a lot of knowledge that will help you in the future. She provides ample feedback for all assignments, she never just gives a grade and moves on. She is not a hard grader if you try.
4.0 : Her class was very easy. She gives great feedback on all the assignments that you do and she's super sweet. I would definitely recommend taking her.
5.0 : Dr. Mirza is one of my FAVORITE professors. She's so intelligent and helpful. She always responds to assignments with constructive feedback that is useful for the future. She actually cares about her students and loves what she teaches, which makes her better at what she does. Super elegant and respected woman. Take her! You'll improve in English.
3.0 : Mrs. Mirza is a really kind professor but a really tough grader. There is a lot of assignments and essays. A student is marked down a lot of points because of a simple mistake. She doesn't allow extra credit. She allows you to turn in a rough draft for her to review before you turn it in for a grade which is helpful.
5.0 : Great Professor. Great sense of humor and he knows his thing
5.0 : Excellent professor. Gives great feedback. Homework each week, really easy. 1 Midterm and 1 Final, same exercises that he teaches in class. One group project with presentation, is like another homework.
5.0 : Great professor very helpful and willing to explain more than necessary. Take him whatever class he is teaching
3.5 : Weekly work but it is not hard. 1 or 2 chapters of homework each week and a weekly quiz.  Strange that midterm and final also have quizzes due  the same week.   His videos are key to helping with the homework.  Beware he places a few tricky questions in quiz/exam so pay attn. He responds to email within a day or 2 and answers all  questions.
5.0 : Great Professor
4.5 : Very good teacher, was able to break it down for easy understanding.
4.0 : Super easy class to pass with an A. He doesn't even read your papers, as long as it is the right length you get an A. He gives out all the answers to the tests beforehand. Be prepared for a lot of class discussions and doing presentations.
5.0 : Dr. Hatton is knowledgeable in subject matter, available for advice via phone or email, clear in expectations, offers pertinent feedback. If you keep up with reading, follow the syllabus, and submit postings, responses, and assignments on time class is a breeze. Also had Dr. Dan in MI 4203 and found he is consistent in requirements and grading.
5.0 : One of the best!
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class. She was helpful and very nice at every juncture of the class. I learned a lot from this course.
5.0 : Dr. Litt is an incredible professor. She dedicates much of her time to her students, helping in any way she can and making sure everyone understands the concepts. As long as you complete the outlines as you're watching her lectures, you do not need the textbook. The homework, midterm and final were all straight forward. Definitely recommend!
5.0 : Amazing professor! She took the time to record herself lecturing for each chapter and to create outlines for us to follow along. After watching the lectures you have all the information you need to pass the class. Homework and discussion post each week are very easy. There is one easy project, and a midterm and final exam that are not too hard.
5.0 : Dr. Litt is an amazing professor. Her online lectures will provide you with all information needed to successfully pass her course. She is a great role model and inspiration to all students. If you study the material, you will learn a lot in this course and have fun while doing so! Great experience!
5.0 : My favorite professor at Nova. She knows her material, and goes above and beyond to make sure her students learn it too. Super organized, clear grading criteria, and Midterm/Final difficulty level matches what you do all semester, so no surprises there. I never read the textbook she uses Connect for homework. Recommend everyone take her if they can
5.0 : This class was fantastic and so informative. I really loved his lectures and hope to take another class with him. He makes his lectures interesting and engaging, his perspective is refreshing . So far my favorite class in my masters program. Participation is a MUST.
5.0 : She is hands-down the best professor at Nova.
5.0 : I took this professor for summer online class, and he was an easy A. You'd have to participate on the discussion board, one paper at the end and three assignments. Totally recommend him.
4.0 : Information clearly communicated. Class participation extremely important (40% of grade). Professor is accessible through email and response time is good. Would recommend for this class.
5.0 : He was a great professor. Accessibility was an A+
5.0 : Dr. Munoz is passionate about his field and he channels that through his lectures. If you want to learn take him. He's also really funny. You will have to read the book and pay attention to lecture to pass. The powerpoints are essential as well. I would definitely take him again!
4.0 : The tests are straightforward. If you ask an 'dumb' question, he doesn't look at you like you're stupid, as many professors do, but he sincerely answers you. He makes A LOT of jokes and is very understanding. The lab was not for a grade which you would think would mean you would learn nothing, but we actually learned more and enjoyed lab more.
4.5 : He's a clown and jokes around about almost anything but he knows his material, extremely well. A&amp;P is all about filling up that bottle to pass the exam but his method of teaching is that you actually learn. It can get tedious and a bit annoying but you will remember why he taught, just bare through. One of the rare professors that believes in lab
5.0 : She's funny and obviously loves what she's teaching.  She's Enthusiastic and fun and I learned and became passionate about a subject I wasn't sure I would enjoy.
4.0 : You really shouldn't sign up for a Dr. Hirons class just on a whim. Unless you are an excellent student, you won't do well if you don't have an interest in the subject matter. That being said, she is a wonderful teacher who is passionate about the information and about helping you learn. Do your best to build some sort of relationship with her.
5.0 : She is the best teacher ever! Every class you take with her is beyond amazing! She keeps repeating the specific things that she wants you to know for an exam. She may ask a question to you out of thin air, but it's not to embarrass you, it's to get you thinking in the right direction and she will guide you through it step by step !
5.0 : Dr. Hirons is a great professor have had her in other classes. Her lectures are fun, and informative, her tests are hard but manageable.
5.0 : This is like the best class ever ! Always fun and interesting. She likes marine life, but you will be so involved and interested in this class you will love it ! The material will stick with you because she says it repeatedly. She's funny and will help you ALOT (hint hint to the test takers) ! Can't wait to take her next semester !
4.5 : I LOVE Hirons. Inverts was at the crack of dawn so it was definitely rough, but her lectures somehow made mornings better. She is SO passionate about what she teaches and it definitely shows, but this class is HARD. It is mandatory for MBIO majors, so prepare yourself for many long nights of studying and wanting to curl up in a ball and die. :)
5.0 : Dr. Hirons is a great professor and she will make sure you learn the material. She is a tough grader and her tests are written response, but her office is always open and she will help you. If you show up to class and participate, you will likely get an A.
5.0 : She is my favorite teacher at SCSU! Her tests are easy if you just study the review sheets and she uses interesting videos and readings to incorporate into the class. I have taken 3 classes with her and would take more. She's also very helpful with other criminal justice opportunities if you take the time to meet with her. I recommend taking her!
4.0 : Her work challenges you, but you have to be willing to put in the effort. Overall, she is an amazing teacher that guides you and helps get a better understanding. I have taken her class multiple times and because of her I can easily read a prompt an easily write an essay and my grammar has tremendously improved thanks to her! Definitely recommend!
5.0 : Would definitely recommend!!
5.0 : Excellent Professor
5.0 : Took healthcare ethics online. Fairly easy class. Everyweek we read a charpter and answer questions on the chapter with a scenario. Excellent teacher. Very helpful
3.0 : Great professor, helpful &amp; organized. If you do the assignments and put in the effort you will pass the class.
5.0 : The entire material and homework for the course is on Connect. You have to complete 2 chapters per week, in addition to a midterm and final. The workload was very manageable and Dr. McLaughlin is always available if needed. Great class!
4.5 : She is a great professor.  Responds quickly to emails and explains things if you need it. The online simulation is interesting. Communication is key with your group. It's the only thing you have to worry about along with Midterm and Final. No reason not to get a good grade.
5.0 : Exemplary professor!! Nova needs to hire more professors like this. Clear cut grades, always available, quick turnaround time, I learned so much I can actually use from her course--even though the simulation was pretty overwhelming at first. Enjoyed this class and had a great professor!
5.0 : Dr. Mc Laughlin is wonderful, I took her online and she was awesome, really clear cut and straight forward. Do your work and you will pass. Awesome feedback!
4.5 : During this 8 week term, there was a paper which is only 3 pages long, weekly discussions, a midterm and a final. She also gives out extra credit, only if you needed it. She answers emails promptly. Overall, I would take her again. She's great
4.5 : Easy class! Goes by the syllabus. Very helpful especially with comp-fellows.
5.0 : Class was super easy as long as you followed his guidelines (3 real essays and 2 "fake" essays)
5.0 : If you're into group discussions then this is the class for you. Class was mainly run by workshop where we all worked on our items together and then conversed with one another on how to improve. Kevin would pop over to check in with every one and help if need be. He kept it super interesting and actually took the time to get to know every person!
5.0 : Great Teacher/Professor.  Some Professors are NOT teachers.  Walrod is BOTH.  She is great and very helpful.  Hope you get her as an advisor/committee member for your dissertation.  YOU cannot go WRONG with her.
5.0 : I have to say I was a little worried taking Intro to Stats class.  I informed Dr Z up front math was not my strong suit and to expect many questions from me. He assured me he would help me though it.  Every question I asked was fully explained in an extremely timely manner.  Ensures you understand how to apply stats not just write out the problem
3.5 : Very knowledgeable professor. I personally don't think the online was as interactive as expected. Discussion questions were once every other week. Online chat sessions were mandatory for participation points. The work itself was fairly easy, common sense. But the financial sheets were confusing (instructions weren't clear). Exams were good.
3.0 : Fairly OK professor. Midterm, Final, Feasibility Analysis &amp; Business Plan (&amp; Financial Sheets). Midterm was very easy (multiple choice n essay questions), final was a bit awful due to little clarification about the bplanfin sheets, little to no communication/interaction online class kind of a boring professor just my opinion.
5.0 : Dr. Clarke is a great professor. She is knowledgable but understands that we can read power points on our own. She makes the classes more conversational in nature and is very approachable.
5.0 : Borda is definitely a professor I would want to continue contact with outside of class. For someone who work in Family Therapy, she is the best resource and friend to have. Her classes are calming because of her discussions; however, pay close attention because she will tell you the answers. She makes class worthwile!
5.0 : I took this class online for just 8 weeks, so it was very fast-paced, but doable. The class consisted of weekly discussions, 2 papers, and a midterm and final. Dr. Ma is very helpful and she gives great feedback. The papers have very clear rubrics. You do need to read the textbook for the midterm and the final.
2.5 : Very nice, helpful, and polite! However, she critiques extremely hard especially when it comes to the research paper topics and the research paper in general! Her class is taught more at an advanced level and although she has many qualities as far as caring for her students and wanting them to succeed, be prepared! Otherwise don't take this class!
5.0 : Professor Burns is really great-- super friendly and clearly states expectations. I took psych 3260 online with him. We have to post one discussion response a week and there's one paper. It is very easy and he makes the discussions interesting and thoughtful. Never gives busy work. He really knows what he's talking about and he always responds!
5.0 : Myron Burns is probably the best professor I've had. His lectures are always interesting. He uses people from the class some examples which makes the class fun. I would definitely take any class that he teaches.
3.0 : Dr Burns is a good professor but is a bit too serious in the classroom setting. Attendance is mandatory to pass and actually accounts for 20% of your final grade. If you come to class and review the powerpoint you will get an A. For being a small school he does not really take the initiative to get to know your name which can be frustrating.
4.5 : Super easy! Tests are straight from his powerpoints! You write 4 papers but they are sooo simple and straightforward! Highly recomnd him!
5.0 : He's great! I took him for a half semester class and he never kept us the whole class period. I was really interested in the class because of the way he taught it. If you listen to his lectures you will most likely pass! He's also very entertaining and the paper is not difficult. I highly recommend taking him if you can. Good Luck!
4.5 : AMAZING professor! Keeps you interested.
4.0 : really really good professor, straight to the point test are from powerpoints!! easy A if you put in the work
5.0 : Great professor! If you pay attention to his power points, you will do great! He tells you EXACTLY what will be on the tests! DON'T BUY THE TEXT BOOK, we never once used it.
3.0 : Dr Burns knows the subject. Nevertheless I found his class extremely stressful because the grading was based on 2 tests and a paper and he doesn't give a chance of an extra credit, so if you make a mistake you can end up easily with a C. He is very strict and cold and doesn't give second chances. I wouldn't take him again neither I recommend him.
5.0 : He's one of the best professor I had, great job professor Bruns.
5.0 : This teacher is great! He doesn't use webcam to take tests which makes things a little less stressful! I was going through a few personal issues and I messed up my paper by not using the right format. He gave me another chance to rewrite it. He is so nice and friendly! I highly recommend him.
5.0 : Professor burns is a great professor. His test are super easy straight from the power pint and what he talks about in class. We have 2 papers for the semester and they are super easy. I would definitely recommend this professor. Even though the class is easy you actually learn. as well.
5.0 : Loved him, super nice. He uses ppt, but leaves blank spaces that he says in class. His tests are not so hard if you study, but you have to study a fair amount of time to do good. He told us at the beginning of the class that he recommends to get the book, but you would be fine without it. If you have a question during class he stops and answers it
5.0 : Dr. Burns is a great professor! He gives a lot of real-life examples to help us understand the material.
5.0 : WASSAP EVERYONE I AM HERE 2 LET YALL KNOW DA DISH ON DA PROFESSORS... DR BURNS IS AMAZING, CHILL CLASS, JUST SHOW UP, TESTS ARE BASIC JUST STUDY 1-2 DAYS BEFORE BUT SOMETIMES U GOTTA DO WAT U GOTTA DO N U CAN STILL PASS STUDYING 3 HOURS BEFORE DA EXAM. TEST ARENT ACCUMALTIVE !  HE IS VERY UNDERSTANDING..... BEST OF ALL..... NO HOMEWORK!!!! YEEEET!
5.0 : I took an online class with him and did great! He is a great teacher. He required one post and one response every week. When it comes to exams he gives study guides. The only con is that he is a tough grader when it comes to the final paper. Nevertheless, he is a great professor.
5.0 : Attendance is a part of your grade, you can miss a few classes and still get all the points though. Lectures are interesting so going to class is really to your benefit. Lectures with PowerPoint but he doesn't read off, he discusses. Test are easy as long as you've been paying attention and review. Papers are simple and fun to write.
5.0 : Bass is very approachable and he really cares about his students. Go to office hours; he loves it. If you do the readings and participate and take notes in class, you will do very well. Class participation is part of the grade. He's super chill and if you just do what you're supposed to do and put in the effort, you will have the best experience.
5.0 : Dr. Bass is one of the best professors at nova!!! He is SOO nice and approachable! He will help you no matter what and try his best to make something clear. His class is not hard, he is really clear on what he wants.
5.0 : Dr. Bass is literally one of the best professors at NSU. He is super approachable and helpful, and you can definitely tell that he cares about his students and their successes. That's a very rare and admirable quality. Plus, it certainly doesn't hurt that he is such a good-looking guy. Definitely makes you want to come to class.
5.0 : Blanar is a great professor! must attend class to not get lost. he is VERY helpful and wants to see all his students succeed.
4.0 : Blanar is a good teacher who knows what he is talking about. Attendance is taken randomly. Tests are all free response, but all are formatted the exact same way.
4.5 : One of the best professors I had at Nova. Be sure to go in to his office even for a really simple question. Also buy the book because you will need to read it. He gives online quizzes and those will save your grade. Overall, the class is not easy and if you don't study you will not get the grade you want and there are few chances to save the grade
3.0 : He gets distracted in class and talks about something completely unrelated for half the lecture and his powerpoints are mostly pictures so you can't study off of them. Because he goes off on tangents, you never know what you are actually supposed to be taking notes on. His quizes are very specific (but you can use your "notes") test are not great.
4.5 : Blanar is a great professor. His lectures are interesting and he's such a funny guy. His tests are tough but if you study enough, there shouldn't be a problem. I fought to get him for BIO1510 but no luck : If you have any BIO 1 or 2 to take, choose him!
5.0 : Blanar is the best! His lectures are clear and he's very funny. Literally just write anything he puts on the board, listen to the lectures, and you will pass no problem! You have to study for the tests since they're all short answer but the material isn't hard and he doesn't pack too many chapters into one test. I would take him again!
5.0 : Great guy, knows what he is talking about and isnt boring at all. You have to go to every class in order to get the notes bc his powerpoints dont have many words on them. His tests are predictable, all free response, but they are questions that he normal addresses during lecture. Other than the tests there are only quizzes and lab (labeasy)
3.5 : for bio 1 i received an A for bio 2 i received a A-. bio 1 tests can be located online multiple choice, however bio 2 tests are all written aka harder. disorganized. overall OK professor
3.5 : He's awesome! Very approachable.. Highly recommend for ENV.
4.5 : Prof. Blanar is funny and nice and really into biology and parasites. Everything about his bio 1 class is easy, and you still learn. Very flexible office hours if you need help or even if you just want to chat. Maybe take a more difficult teacher if you want to be better prepared for entrance exams such as MCAT, but Blanar is decent.
3.5 : You definitely need to study to do well in his class. His lectures are very thorough ( a bit quick), but I had a hard time concentrating 8 AM in the morning. He's very approachable and laid back. The only negative is that you cannot track your progress throughout the course - you will only know your final grade.
5.0 : I took the class online, the Professor was really nice and offered constructive criticism. She graded in a timely manner. The class is easy if you're willing to put forth the effort, I got an A.
4.5 : Very good professor. She's enthusiastic about the topic and it makes the course more enjoyable. Tests are fair, will do well-don't wait until the last minute to study. Lab is fun and will get a good grade as long as you stay up to date with the lab notebook. Overall, an interesting course and interesting professor with a fair grading policy.
4.0 : Best Professor ever!!!
5.0 : Took her for genetics, she made the lectures fun and understandable! I would definitely recommend taking her because she genuinely cares about her students. If you did well during the semester you were exempt from the final!
5.0 : I learned a lot from this class. It was not an easy A but it was definitely doable if you commit time to learning the material. She was very clear about what would be tested and no surprises for the most part.
5.0 : This professor is the best one I have had in Nova in the two years that I spent there. Take her!
4.5 : Pretty good professor.  She loves genetics and is willing to teach you everything about it.
5.0 : GREAT PROFESSOR, ALWAYS AVAILABLE TO STUDENTS AND HELPING STUDENTS IMPROVE THEIR GRADE.
5.0 : Really great Professor. She wants everyone to succeed. Gives a lot of opportunities to bring your grade up. Pay attention in class, ask questions, read Power points and you should be alright. She also a great and lovable personality. One of Nova's finest.
4.0 : This is one of the greatest professors I have ever had the pleasure of taking. She is truly passionate about teaching her students which translates to a quality education. She knows her information, and uses her own slides. She cares about her students and I would definitely recommend taking this class if you need genetics.
4.0 : Dr. Waziry is extremely willing to help her students. She is very understanding and will hear you out which cannot be said about most professors. Her goal is to see everyone succeed. Tests were not easy, but if you study hard you will be fine.
5.0 : Easy and helpul. Highly recommended
4.5 : Dr. Lopez is a very good professor, I really enjoyed taking microbiology with him. His tests are very fair, as long as you study the material he discusses in class you will do good in this class. He also gave extra credit questions on the tests. Lab is very interesting and you can tell Dr. Lopez knows what he talks about. I would recommend him.
5.0 : Dr. Lopez is an excellent teacher!He made microbiology very clear and extremely interesting. He was always willing to help with anything.This is not an easy class. His exams are challenging yet fair. As long as you are willing to put in the time and effort,you will succeed as well as gain a lot of very useful knowledge of the world of microbiology!
5.0 : Microbiology is not the easiest and sometimes seemingly not the most interesting subject to learn.  However, Dr.Lopez made in very clear and interesting/relative to everyday life.  The tests and class in general are not easy, as it is an upper level bio class.  If you put the work in you will do well and gain a lot of useful knowledge!
4.0 : First off, this guys lectures are extremely boring and slow. What he teaches in lecture usually gets off topic with the examples. He will teach about something, then not talk about it for the remainder of class. Nice guy, if you show you're trying and want a good grade he will help you out.
5.0 : Highly recommend this professor. She is very detailed, provides Powerpoint presentations and other handouts to guarantee your success.She used both the textbook, and software for Statistics. Took the class in Davie campus
5.0 : AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!! HILARIOUS!!!!!!She played youtube music videos before class just to relax us!!! TAKE HER!!! DONT TAKE ANYONE ELSE BESIDES HER!
5.0 : Great professor. 1 term paper done gradually with her guidance. Quizzes are not bad just study the material from the previous 1-2 chapters and you should be fine. Drops the lowest 2 quiz grades. Teaches up till the end of class, don't really get out early. Only tests are midterm and final. Really wants to see you succeed.
5.0 : She has been one of my favorite college professors. She is very laid back and chill. Her powerpoints are very helpful.
4.5 : This professor is the best! she really explains everything so thoroughly, she gives many quizzes but they are not tough! she explains everything in such detail that there is no way you cannot pass her class.
5.0 : Hands down, one of the best professors I've had so far. She gives amazing lectures, with real life examples to help you fully understand the material. Her quizzes consist of real life application questions but their super easy. Makes the class very interesting. She makes you really wanna learn the material. Definitely recommend
5.0 : Would definitely take again. She is so nice and cares about her students doing well. All you have to do is go to class and study before each quiz and you'll do well. The quizzes are also very easy and so is the midterm. Definitely take her if you can.
3.0 : Aya's an okay professor but she ins't exactly keen on many things. I took her for multicultural psychology and that subject wasn't easy and her having a strong Japanese background made it difficult for her to really understand some settings. I think you'll get more out of that class if you were to take a different professor. 10/10 wouldnt take her
4.0 : shes a really good teacher, there to help you in anyway she can. she does assign a paper which may seem bad at frist but if you give yourself enough time its easily done. gives quiz. you don't need the book everything on the powerpoint.
4.0 : She is great! she is clear on what to study and what not to study. She really wants her students to understand the material and do well. She is super helpful and makes the material so interesting!! Take her!!
1.0 : Professor Neal is the most unorganized professor I have ever had. The numbering on her tests were always wrong. I would not recommend her at all. She flirted with every guy in my class. So if your are looking for an easy A or just a great professor in general do not take her. Worst professor I've had.
5.0 : Awesome Teacher. Easy and Fun class. Watch movies and talk about health. Only problem was that her tests were always misnumbered. Take this class as an elective if needed.
5.0 : Lectures kept me awake- very engaging professor. Tough grader but wants you to learn. Do as she assigns and expect grades that reflect the level of effort you put into assignment. She cares about her students. Use her office hours
2.5 : Course exercises and software provided for calculation is not clear.  ALWAYS follow the rubric and check your APA twice.
4.5 : Dr. Vargas was super!  She is thorough, thoughtful, and pretty funny.  I took this recent class online.  As long as you participated often and are a good writer, you will do well.  The mid-term and final test, however, were difficult (even though they were multiple choice).  Study for these two since they are approximately 50% of your grade.
5.0 : Professor Vargas was my very first Professor in graduate school.  I took this class online.  It's not an 'Easy A', but as long as you do the readings, participations, and complete assignments, on time, ;-) she will give you full credit.  There is  a lot of reading, but if you are good at understanding concepts and theories you  will be good to go.
1.0 : Worst professor I've ever had. Not hard material but she is very unorganized on blackboard and makes frequent mistakes. Save yourself a headache or two and DO NOT take her. Find a different professor, ANY professor but her. Also she is very unprofessional in her comments that she gives back on assignments. I've already told my friends to avoid her.
5.0 : Professor Vargas is the BEST professor I have ever had. Not only is she a wonderful human being,she is the professor people will talk about for the rest of their lives. She inspired me. Her classes are no cake walk, you must do the work but she is helpful, kind, entertaining, and all around the best professor I have ever had
5.0 : Amazing Professor very helpful. Tells you everything you need to know. IF you are upfront with her she can help you with anything.
4.0 : Dr. Vargas is an awesome instructor.  Though the class seemed to have a little more work than the other sections, the group discussions were really engaging.  There is a mid-term and a lot of research writing/papers.  She is a STICKLER for APA, but better to learn it at the beginning of your Graduate Career than later.  I would def take her again!
1.0 : This professor does not care about students. She does not answer students' questions; she would let you on your own. That's why students do not bother to contact her. She does not help students to learn and only wants to give you a hard time in class. Avoid this professor. Awful and inefficient.
4.5 : Lots of reading and homeworker.  In One week you must do: Discussion post, 2 participation posts,  current event post. Additionally, expect a midterm exam, group paper and final exam.  She is very  clear and helpful, that is a plus! Really nice professor
5.0 : Professor Vargas is wonderful! I took her for Measuring HR (online.) The class consisted of 5 homework assignments, weekly discussions, and an essay final. This class is not hard if you read and keep up with the homework assignments. She is extremely helpful! You can call her and she will stop what she is doing to help you. She is SOOO nice!
5.0 : Lots of reading, and required discussion/participation posts, but they are graded generously. Midterm and final are straightforward, but she asks questions over specific names and the theories they proposed. Answered course messages within one day, and always answered any questions. very helpful. 2 textbooks were vital to pass the course.
5.0 : This professor is definitely not a "show up, get an A" professor. You really have to work on the assignments. However, her class is really interesting and she is very helpful if you need help. I would take her again any day!
4.5 : She's great. Ask her anything, she'll try to point you in the right direction.  Almost weekly hw assignments, no page mins or maxs, largely based on making calculations/ solving problems from book. One test, weekly discussion and participation. Group project- but she really does grade individually :)  She was also very active in discussions.
5.0 : She is simply awesome. I would recommend this professor to whoever wants to learn and spend some time with someone highly educated and interested in helping her students. Five stars for professor Mary Joan Connors.
5.0 : Super sweet lady. Very easy class
5.0 : Good Professor I would recommend taking theatre arts with him. All tests are online and you must have the textbook. I recommend the cheaper online one. Otherwise it is just fun writing assignments about movies you watch in class and 2 plays.
5.0 : All you do in the class is watch movies. He literally said that this is the easiest class you will ever take at Nova Southeastern University. EVERYONE TAKE THIS.
5.0 : This professor is very organized, friendly and professional.  I took this online and Prof. Tako made this experience very interesting; her class is consist of two essays, a midterm/final(she gives 3 hrs to complete and two attempts).  There were 6 discussion posts to respond to, then you get graded.  Overall, I enjoyed her class, take her.
5.0 : Great class! Wonderful professor! For midterm gave the 2 hrs and for final, she gave the class 5 hrs to complete.  Three essays, very short 700-800 words and of course, there were discussion posts worth 25 points each.  She was very nice and very helpful throughout the course or term.  I wish all professors were like her. Easy class! Take her!!!
5.0 : Take her! She's a great professor that wants all her students to succeed.  Taking her class was a glass of wine on the beach; very relaxing and no stressing.  Three essay/Midterm/Final/8 posts. Midterm (3hrs) 2 attempts/Final (5hrs)2 attempts.  And lastly, a chance for extra credit 25 points! I enjoyed this class.
5.0 : The very BEST!  Very simple, has clarity on all assignments. This professor values discussion posts, has three essays/a midterm 2hours to complete (2attempts)/ a final (2attempts)/ 5 hours to complete
5.0 : Love her, love her, love her!!!! I took this professor online and she was the best.  Midterm is two attempts with two hours to complete and the final is 2 attempts with 5 hours to complete.  Very interesting discussion topics and three essays (700-800 words) no more than that or points are deducted.  Very laid back class and easy to complete.
5.0 : dr. Weber is the sweetest and nicest professor ever. She's always on time with her lectures, though she can speak for a long time. She gives a study guide online for every test. You don't even need the book, she gives a power point for every section. Only reason you would beed to come to class is to sign the attendance sheet. She's the best!
5.0 : Love  this professor. 2nd on line course with her.  You have to read and participate in discussion boards in order to get full credit.  Fairly easy grader.  If you READ you PASS it's that simple.  Grades and post scores right away.  Always gives great and positive feedback.
5.0 : Dr. Gordon is the sweetest professor ever. I took her for Family Communications and Family Systems. Although I am a business major, I utilize the skills and knowledge I gained from her courses in my real family life! She is an expert in her field and it was truly an honor taking her.
5.0 : I took her for Chem 1 my first semester here and now for Biochem. She is an amazing professor and is very good at helping you understand the material. The class is not easy and you definitely have to study but you actually learn the material from her lectures. Very nice and is there for you if you need help.
5.0 : Took her for Biochem. She's really a great teacher and is fair. Sometimes she's picky on lab reports but it doesn't really affect your grade in the end. I got an A because of the ACS. Her tests are easy, just study her notes and write down or record what she says in class. The ACS was really similar to what she taught too. She gave us extra credit.
5.0 : Dr. Larrea is a fantastic professor! I took her for org 1 &amp; biochem. Her tests are not easy so expect to study a lot. She is pickier with her lab reports than other chem professors, so make sure you perform well on the exams. Her metabolism drawings in biochem are so helpful! She's one of the nicest profs at Nova. I wish I had taken her for genchem
5.0 : Excellent professor, great at explaining concepts, walks through example problems in class. Her tests for chem 2 were reasonable, studying the notes and mastering chemistry will suffice. Offers a good amount of extra credit questions in the exams. ACS chem 2 exam was easy after learning from her class. She is kinda tough on lab reports though.
5.0 : Dr. Larrea is awesome! I am taking her again for organic chemistry. You need to study for her tests, but she gives extra credit on tests and quizzes. She is always willing to help, and gives good feedback on lab reports.
2.0 : Professor Poznanski is a nice person, however his lectures lack in clarity and are completely boring. On midterm and final be ready for all but nothing he taught during the semester. If you are interested in learning do not take him.
5.0 : Professor is very down to earth. Class consists of 3 quizzes, a midterm and a final. Study and listen to his chats and you'll be fine!
5.0 : Excellent professor! Extremely professional, supportive, and knowledgeable! He truly cares about his students success. He is always available to talk regardless of vacations and weekends. I completely recommend taking ALL of his classes! He is the best professor I have had and wish I could take all of my classes with him. He will prepare you!:)
5.0 : Dr. Cugno is an inspirational professor.  He is dedicated to his student and he takes pride in his career.  He is always ready to help his students and his work ethics  emphasize the quality of instruction at Nova Southeastern University.    He gives constructive feedback.  I encourage students to take classes with him.
5.0 : Dr. Cugno is a wonderful professor!
4.0 : Two discussions each week (100% on all), 3 papers (97%, 98%, 100%), one final exam (90%), and 4 chat sessions. I missed two chats and that dropped me down to a B. You can be the judge of how fair the grading is. I really enjoyed the class and thought it was interesting but if I knew two chats would ruin my A I wouldn't have worked so hard.
5.0 : I took her for Psychopathy and Personality Disorders in Forensic Settings, essentially an Abnormal Psychology class. It was so interesting and she was super informative and helpful and knew her stuff!
5.0 : Wonderful class! Dr. Smith really made me appreciate and understand biology in the simplest and most effective ways. Tests are straightforward from the learned material.  No curveball questions.  As long as you study, you will do fine.  I wish Dr. Smith could teach all of my science courses in the future! Very highly recommend!
5.0 : Dr. Smith is the best biology professor! He really cares about his students. Just pay attention to the lectures and study the powerpoints. His tests aren't easy, but they're fair.
5.0 : Overall, the best teacher I've taken at Nova. All the info you need comes from his power-points which makes it easy to study and dont have to buy the textbook. On the final he gives 10-15 points of extra credit.
5.0 : He is an awesome teacher and very enthusiastic. He actually makes cells and osmosis interesting. His tests are a little hard, but his power points include everything you need to know for the tests so if you study them you'll ace this class.
5.0 : Rob Smith is the BEST PROFESSOR EVER! coming into his class freshman year was a little nerve wrecking but he is so great i can't even begin explain. In bio 2 right now and sad i don't have been. Just study and understand his powerpoints, and go to class because his extra credit is random examples he gives in class.  take him you won't regret it
5.0 : rob makes this class easy. i took him for genetics an he knows the subject extremely well. his exams are fair but you definitely need to study. you cannot cheat in his class so make sure you study.
5.0 : I've taken Dr. Smith for Genetics and Synthetic &amp; Systematic Biology, I recommend everyone to take him. He makes class fun and interesting, plus he is in love with his job so it is very enthusiastic.  Go to class, take notes, and go to the Starbucks review. You'll be fine!
5.0 : Took him for microbio. It's super easy! I got a pretty high A too. Everything on the test comes from his notes, word for word. He gives extra credit too! If you ever need help, it always takes the time it explain it. Take him!!
2.0 : I'd like to say that Dr. Smith really enjoys what he does and he does motivate you in class, however this course is weighted heavily on exams and there's only 3 exams and a final. His tests do not have a lot of questions but that's not good because each questions is worth a lot. His tests are very difficult.
5.0 : Tests are from his PP slides but they are pretty hard so study, study, study! He has a gift for teaching and very enthusiastic!! Having his class @ 7:45 AM wasn't so bad because he's super cool and funny. NO BOOK NEEDED!
5.0 : Hes a great professor who actually cares about his students. He is always ready to help if you need it and is willing to give you advice on anything. He is clear on what he expects and lets you know what to focus on for his tests. Pay attention when he goes into detail about a small thing because it will most likely be the bonus ? on the test.
5.0 : Dr. Smith is one of the best teacher's I have ever had. I am in medical school now and still remember things from his class and apply them.  He is very enthusiastic and is always willing to help in regards to his class material or with anything you may have going on academically otherwise.  Definitely recommend taking him and getting to know him!
5.0 : ROBERT SMITH IS A PURE ANGEL. This man is one of my favorite professors. Understand that biology requires studying You can't expect the professor to place the info into your brain. His tests are based off his powerpoints (STUDY THEM). Attend class even though it isn't mandatory, you will learn a lot. He is a great lecturer. Love him.
5.0 : Micro was like a joke with him. Everything was word for word off of the powerpoint that he makes.  If you ever have a single question, all you have to do is ask and he'll do everything he can to help you. He's a great guy too, someone you can sit down and really have a nice convo with. Take him!!
1.0 : not a good class
5.0 : Professor McFarlane will challenge you intellectually and will give you lots of information.  His class is by no means an easy A.  That being said, he proved that he cares deeply about his students, and will work with you no matter what type(s) of problems you are having in class.  If you put forth the effort, you will do well.  You will learn.
5.0 : Dr. McFarlane encouraged me to actively participate in class and do research about Marketing management concepts and practices , which has been very valuable for my development as a graduate business student . Dr. McFarlanes lectures in marketing along with his supportive approach have played a significant role towards the success of my career.
4.0 : Strict but helpful. He goes beyond to help the student. A good guide at this level. The specific and thorough feedback is really helpful for students to develop. The best thing i liked, review of the last topic , in the beginning of each new class. This is the best way to keep the student on task.
3.5 : Great professor. Weekly discussion questions, mid-term, final, 2 case studies (1 by yourself, 1 with your group), and a team marketing plan. You are assigned to a group in the first week of the course. Really a great teacher! Marketing plan requires a lot of work so take his suggestion and start on it with your group right away. Would take again.
4.0 : Excellent professor with deep subject matter knowledge, very organized, and clear in course requirements.
5.0 : Professor McFarlane is a great professor and truly cares about his students. His Marketing class is essential for Marketing majors. Take notes, read the book, and you'll notice that what you learn can be applied to your career.
5.0 : This guy is awesome. If you love odd sarcastic humor then you will love him. He comes off touch and rude in the beginning but he is really funny and fair but a bit stern and hates talking in his class. He uses a lot of power points and the class is very easy. Two case analysis are super easy, 1 article critique and a group project. Must go to class
4.0 : I took this as a 4 hour night class once a week for 8 weeks and although there was a ton of info, Dr. McFarlane was able to go over all the info effectively and efficiently. He went out of his way to give us study guides for both the midterm and the final and they were extremely useful!!  Only thing is lots of group work which can be good or bad.
4.0 : Dr. McFarlane was an excellent choice for this course! He definitely lectures until the last minute of class, however he really goes over the material in depth so you have a clear understanding. Participation and attendance is very key in this course. If you miss class or never engage in the classroom, it would be to your disadvantage.
5.0 : I would take another class with Professor McFarlane. His lecture were clear and amazing. His feedback were on point.
4.5 : Dr. McFarlane is an awesome professor. He is very fair when it comes to grading. He provides you with the material you need in order to do well in his class. The final is cumulative and hard, but you just have to study. He is very funny and shares his real life experiences. I would definitely take him again.
4.5 : Although a tough professor, Dr. McFarlane wants only the best for his students and will go the extra mile to do so. He takes time to explain the course materials and gives excellent feedback on assignments.
5.0 : Dr. Donovan McFarlane is passionate about teaching.  It was a pleasure to have him for LED 5640. The thing I like the most about Dr McFarlane is that he provided insightful feedbacks to students. When having difficulties to get the written assignments done, he happily helped out students in ways that they became empowered to get them done on time.
5.0 : This class was very interesting. Dr. McFarlane taught it a manner that made it enjoyable. I gained countless new ideas about how to lead strategically.  By using real life situations, Dr. McFarlane endeavored to   make all students understood the importance of good strategies. students will benefit greatly from a class with Dr. McFarlane.
4.5 : Profesor McFarlane is excellent. If you're a graduate student, its essential to have professors that will challenge you and make you succeed academically and in the real world. He encourages his students to go above and beyond and provides feedback that will enable students to improve their performance. I would definitely recommend him!
5.0 : Great class and great profesor. For such a deep course, its ideal to have a profesor that can make you understand and think strategically. The assignments were indeed intended for our benefit; although tough, they are definitely doable, especially with Dr. McFarlane's help. He provides exceptional feedback and takes time to really help his students
5.0 : Extremely Knowledgeable Professor.
5.0 : Dr. McFarlane is a terrific professor. He really really knows his stuff and is very passionate about education. His course is not difficult but you will learn a lot. Loves when students ask questions and will help you until you understand the subject. Genuinely nice and overall incredible person. Take his class!!!!
5.0 : Dr. McFarlane is a great professor. MKT 5017 was a great experience. Professor extra ordinaire, skilled in the art of pedagogy.
2.5 : Very nice and caring but was not prepared for lectures and did not seem knowledgeable about the information.
5.0 : Incredible &amp; inspirational. She gives good feedback and encouragement on your techniques for Group Counseling. She pushes you to be creative &amp; do research on your own away from the text book to find innovative ways to help clients in a group atmosphere. She was fantastic!   I'm going to get a certification in group therapy.
5.0 : Dr. Spolter is a awesome teacher, she loves what she does and you can tell. Took her online for MKT Research. Interesting course and she makes learning fun. She gives awesome feedback as well. Put in some effort and you will breeze through! Good Luck!
5.0 : Even though this was an online class I had lots of positive interaction with the professor.  She has awesome powerpoints, has thought-provoking assignments, and the textbook we used was both surprisingly entertaining and current. I loved this class and learned a lot from it.
4.5 : Online accounting. Uses connect, homework, mid term, final, and 2 projects. Not too bad, do your work and you will pass.
4.5 : As mentioned in the other reviews, she is very clear with the assignments and on what to expect on the exam. All of the study material is provided at the beginning of the semester.
4.5 : professor Kappel is a quite speaker which can make it difficult to hear if you are in the back or others are talking. He is generous with extra credit, He gives several EC quizes throughout the semester as well as curves the class at the end. I recommend taking advantage of his practice questions. Of course, the official ACS review book is a  must.
4.5 : Dr. Bright was very helpful in whatever you needed to be explained he knows how to break down the information correctly and takes his time to explain. He always helps his students great professor, i encourage you to take him!
5.0 : OMG she's such a great teacher and person. she loves her job therefore she always happy ready to go helpful. if ou don't understand something just ask and bam step by step how to get the A you're aiming for.
5.0 : Madam Santry is an amazing teacher. She really cares about your grade in the class and wishes her students well. Whenever the tests are coming up she gives you an outline and examples of how the test will look. She uses the textbook everyday in class and assigns online homework that is super easy.
5.0 : Professor Santry is such an easy A. She takes things really slow and encourages partner work a lot. She basically gave everyone 100% on the midterm, as long as you pretty much know the language. She doesn't care for little pronunciation slip ups. She's a really good French teacher.
5.0 : Professor Santry is a great teacher. I was never keen on learning another language but with the help of Professor Santry she made it easy. She has a clear grading criteria and tells you how all major assignments will be graded including the quizzes and what they will look like. Just study and you will surely get an A. Great teacher.
5.0 : Professor Bocco makes class interesting and expects you to participate in class. It is important to complete the weekly readings on time. You should also take notes from his Powerpoints, which thoroughly cover each chapter. He really makes class enjoyable and equips you for discussions and exams. Highly recommended!
5.0 : This professor was awesome. He was very knowledgeable about history and was amiable. There was a good amount of reading. He was also very helpful and his lectures were interesting and informative, he did a good job.
5.0 : It's a history class, so there's going to be a lot of lecturing and a lot of writing, but Bocco is good. He will always answer questions in detail, and encourage you to email him or see him during office hours. A little nerdy, what history professor isn't? Fair grader, clear explanations, would take again
1.5 : Would not recommend! Did not participate in the class at all. Students questions were left unanswered for weeks. Tough and inconsistent grading.
5.0 : Best teach of the program thus far.  Explains everything very well and always responds questions quickly.  Exams are fair and given enough time to prepare.  I highly recommend
5.0 : Took his small business management class and it was great. He answered all my emails, gave generous feedback on all assignments, and taught me a lot about small business management. No exams, just projects. A lot of the grade is based on discussion questions. The business plan is 30 percent of your grade, everything else is easy and straightforward
5.0 : Hardly any feedback.  Got an A by not much out of the class.
5.0 : Got an A but not much else from the course. Not much in the way of feedback.  He seems busy.
5.0 : Dr. Green, is simply amazing. I took his SpEd law class years ago. I just recently contacted him about a SpEd concern I could not find the answer to.  Wow! even after years gone. He will still help his student in whatever way he can. One of the best professors around.
5.0 : Dr. Green is a top notch professor. He cares about the content of the work. He will explain and help out any way possible. If you have a question about special education law, just ask him. And he is very flexible.
2.0 : SUPER nice guy and really easy to get an A in this class. HOWEVER! very hard to follow. Constantly repeating certain points and not even sure if he's covering course material. HE doesn't even know what's going on in class half the time. Still, love the man and he really wants you to learn. Very theoretical and sometimes gets lost in his own mind.
4.0 : Dr. Miller is a great professor! Very laid back, understanding and is very open to questions. The syllabus is very easy to follow and he does his best to make sure you understand whats going on. Wish I could take him for all my courses A++++++
3.5 : I have Dr. Miller for 2 courses and he has been wonderful. He's super fun and loves to have an open discussion. Sometimes he can talk a lot but most stories are relevant to the topic.  Class over all is great. if you need help, he is usually able to answer questions before/after class or during break. Not too much work but you will have to read.
5.0 : I really liked the way the class was taught. The texts books were amazing and the professor helped a lot in the understanding of the main concepts of the class; showing a genuine interest in preparing the students for the real world clinical practice. It was a real pleasure to be in that class.
5.0 : It was wonderful to be part of that class. The professor helped a lot understanding the different interventions in a way that is understandable and easy to grasp for everybody, especially beginners.
4.0 : Dr. Miller is a wonderful teacher. I took his class for into to MFT and intro to Systems and he was great! He always tells stories that are relevant to the topic at hand and he makes you want to learn more about MFT. Oh! Don't forget to study for the quizzes, they can be challenging
3.0 : I had Dr. Miller for 2 classes, Intro to MFT and Intro to Systems. Both his classes were intellectually stimulating. I truly enjoyed and benefited from the open class discussions. His stories, are not only relevant to the material but funny as well. His quizzes are extremely hard. Super great professor. I will definitely select Dr. Miller again.
5.0 : He's my hero.  One of my favorite professors --and people-- ever. I loved having him as a professor and looked forward to our classes.  I will miss not having him as a professor and I think you will learn a lot from his classes.  You learn about life as well as the subject matter. Highly recommend. Could not say enough nice things!
5.0 : I absolutely loved taking Dr. Miller's class. He is very thorough and explains things in great detail so you will be able to understand it. He is funny and keeps his classes interesting. He loves talking to people and loves helping as well. He is passionate about what he teaches and about family therapy. Easy class! Great instructor!
5.0 : Professor Gironda is a great professor. I only had one class with him but I learned a whole lot. HIs expectations are clear. I'd definitely recommend him to any student. His marketing lectures are one of a kind!
5.0 : There were 2 tests: midterm and final, both of which were pretty difficult, but the PowerPoints were very helpful. The final team project is a ton of work and the professor is a rather tough grader, but he gives a lot of great feedback and is always available by email. Not a lot of homework and no textbook use, which was great!
4.0 : Prof. Gironda is a great prof. Took him online and was very pleased. Keep up with the discussion board and assignments and you will do fine. Very interesting Course!
5.0 : BEST TEACHER EVER! Let's you know what information you will be tested on. Very helpful and accommodating. As long as you put in some effort and turn in work on time he will give you a good grade. Answers emails in a timely fashion and keeps Bb updated. Will definitely take for another class in the future.
5.0 : Really good professor! He is young and has a lot of experience in marketing. Definitively I would taken him again.
5.0 : Great professor, highly recommended!
4.5 : Such a cheerful and helpful professor! Attendance is mandatory! There was once group project and a 2 mini assignments. He does give a review for the exams so I used the powerpoints for that, didn't even touch the books. However, you must study for his exams! He does give an optional Cumulative final if you wish to drop one of your exams (2 total)
5.0 : Stay up with the assignments and discussion boards and you'll do fine. Only one final exam, with 3 small group papers.
5.0 : Stay up with the assignments and discussion boards and you'll do fine.
4.5 : This class was so interesting. I really enjoyed listening to Dr. Scala discuss ways of better interacting with clients. Not to mention he is easy on the eyes :)
5.0 : Excellent Professor. I am in no way a math minded person, however Professor Abayomi explains everything in a vey clear manner. She is patient and resourceful. Go to class, do the non-required homework and take notes and expect a good grade. She is accepting of each unique individual and she is one of the best professors I have ever had.
1.5 : This was not a good professor. She was extremely disengaged.  I am astounded at any positive feedback for her.  She is moody, not helpful, extremely slow to respond to emails, very short and curt when she would respond.  You essentially teach yourself.  Her robotic approach to facilitating this class is disheartening.  I do NOT recommend!  Run!
5.0 : She is a great teacher and gives you all the notes you need. But I would not recommend missing class. I did this in a full semester time frame ( months) and it is a lot of material to cover. If you miss one class, I promise you will miss more work than you think. Attend class, and do all your work, you will be okay. She's really great!
5.0 : although it was a ton of work, Dr. Vanguri is the best professor ever. All you want to do is hug her ! She made my mornings, and he's always there for you and will guide you on all your papers. Must take!
5.0 : She is the BEST professor at nova. She is so sweet and very helpful. You can ask her to help you and she will sit down with you and help you. She is the best professor i have had. i took her for two semesters in a row and im trying to take her again next semester! She is awesome !
4.0 : She's an amazing teacher took her two times in a row! Definitely recommend her for incoming freshman.
5.0 : Professor Vanguri is the best Comp professor at NOVA! She is so sweet and nice, I loved her and her class. The class work is mostly done in class so if you attend you will get ahead and earn a good grade. Definitely recommend you take her for your first year in college! I took her this semester and I am hoping to take her again my next semester.
2.0 : hard grading, not clearness when asked for help, she is nice but not my best teacher
4.0 : Barely any grades. You'll rarely get a perfect score on assignments. To get an A you'll need to go into her office for almost every assignment. She is super nice but not the nicest or most fair when it comes to grading.  Her classes are kinda boring because there are so few assignments. Don't bother doing assignments at home. You have time in class
5.0 : AYYY WASSAP YALL IM HERE TO LET YALL KNOW DA DISH ON PROFESSORS.... DR VANGURI IS SO SWEET AND HELPFUL!!!!!! DO HER HOMEWORK !!!!!!!!! BARELY ANY HOMEWORK, JUST JOURNALS BUT THEY ARE GRADED BASED ON COMPLETION SO WE GUCCI !! BE RESPECTFUL AND VOLUNTEER AND SHE WILL APPRECIATE YOU SHE IS SWEET!!!!!! NO TEXTBOOK NEEDED ! !
4.0 : she's a pretty good teacher for a incoming freshmen, took her two times and got A's in both classes. I do recommend going to her classes to get clear information about the assignments. if you fail this class you obviously weren't trying at all.
2.5 : The criteria she uses to grade you on assignments is different and more specific than the criteria she gives on the rubric so you loose points because you were not even told you were being graded on certain things. she is a very hard grader and takes a long time to respond with feedback.
5.0 : great professor
5.0 : Ashely was my favorite professor my freshman year. I am a bio major so I though I would dread this class but it was honestly the best one I took. She really cares about how you are doing and you can redo basically any assignment for an A, including your major papers. Go to class, they are all discussion based so they arent boring
3.0 : You could tell she was super passionate about writing and helping her students; definitely a lot more discussion-based than assignment-based, but it's a writing class - there's obviously a lot of writing involved. Always willing to help out whenever you need her, though it would've helped if she had made it clear what she wanted out of assignments.
4.5 : Mr. Andon is GREAT! He is young, enthusiastic, and funny. He always keeps you engaged and makes you feel comfortable when speaking. Take the class!! Four major speeches in the class and one paper for midterm. Super Fun!!
5.0 : 4 major speeches and 1 impromptu speech. Tough grader; I thought I did well on speeches (like A material) and got B's on every speech. The main HW is writing speeches and online textbook chapters (but that part doesn't require much, very easy takes 15 min). He understands that people hate public speaking and tries to make you more comfortable w/it.
3.5 : Tests are mostly short and long essay responses with a little bit of matching.
5.0 : Great teacher great person! Take the class and you will be more comfortable being in front of people! He's awesome!!!
5.0 : Public Speaking is something many of us are afraid to do. Professor Andon makes this less scary and more fun. This course has an accepting environment to it that helps bring out a more comfortable speaking presentation instead of the nervous standard one. He is very helpful with topics and speeches. This class is worth taking even if it seems scary
1.0 : Okay so for anyone taking this class be mindful that you will need to read ALOT, and understand the Theories in depth.  This professor admitted to my class this semester he makes it hard on purpose. Secondly, his pop quizzes are terrible, you have to use TOPHAT and pay an extra $20 for it on top of your textbook.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I had all semester. Super funny and makes you enjoy the class more than anything. No tests, four major speeches and quizzes here and there. Take any class with him, you won't regret it!
5.0 : Take this professor!!! He really outgoing and easygoing. Makes class really interesting and interactive. Also, an easy grader if you put the work in.
5.0 : Awesome down to earth professor. His assignments are easy but they actually relate to real life scenarios. Half the time we would watch tv and analyze the fundamentals of communication in those shows. You are never bored in the class and he makes the class fun. If your a Comn major- TAKE IT. Non communication major- TAKE THIS AS AN ELECTIVE.
5.0 : Great teacher! Makes class very interesting and assigns fun and practical homework/ projects. Professor Q is very encouraging and laid back and will answer any questions you have and try his best to help you get an A.
5.0 : I love prof. ernie, he's hilarious and makes his teaching relatable i highly recommend him !
4.5 : Great professor!!! he was such a fun professor, made the class really interesting. His quizzes and assignments were pretty easy. His examples were very relatable! BOTTOM LINE: TAKE HIM!
3.5 : His lectures are good hes funny. Test are very difficult especially the first one. He is very nice and helpful if you reach out to him. Make sure you pay lots of attention in his lectures and answer and study all of the questions towards the end of the slides. Some will be on the tests. You don't really need the book. First practical requires study
4.0 : Attending his class was useless he just keeps blabbering but hes very helpful and hes extremely passionate about what he teaches. he tries to curve but his tests are very hard. hes not very hard you should take him.
4.5 : He is a great professor! He is sooooo nice and always ready to help! He gives you the short answers on the test ahead of time and you don't need to read the book. I love him!
3.0 : First test is extremely hard. Midterm practical is not impossible but ridiculously complicated. Professor is genuinely fair, tries to pass his students. Gives questions that are going to be on the test. labs are fun. no lab or lecture quizzes, but must be in class to sign a paper to get credits for the lecture and lab quizzes though. OPTION B
4.5 : Great professor! He is very passionate about biology. Lectures can get boring sometimes unless you are that interested. Tests are not extremely hard. Do not need to read the book. There is a curve. Also, hotnessss!
4.5 : He enjoys teaching biology and makes lectures fairly interesting. Academically, he has a huge curve, will always explain anything you don't get, and doesn't go by the book so much. He doesn't take attendance, but go to all the lectures to get a good grade. On another note, he's got an awesome sense of humor and he is extremely hot.
5.0 : AMAZING
5.0 : Amazing professor!!! He's very helpful if you reach out to him. He also curves grades at the end of the semester and he is extremely HOT!!!
3.5 : Eldakar is funny and laid back, but his tests are hard. Everyone fails the first test (he said so himself), but he does curve at the end of the semester! The labs are super chill, I always used to get out early. I used to stay maybe an hour at most. No lecture quizzes or lab quizzes. The lecture quizzes is attendance, so make sure to go to class!
5.0 : He's a great teacher, he's super laid back. His lectures are super important, you have to write down a lot of what he says to be able to pass the tests. Also, it is not a good idea to skip his class. He makes the class interesting by saying funny things and doing good comparisons. His first test wasn't as bad as everyone thinks, the rest is easy.
5.0 : Eldakar is the type of professor that inspires you to work hard toward your passions in life; he LOVES what he does and it's obvious. Record every lecture, answer PPoint questions, take thorough notes and you'll ace the class. He's not out to trick you or make passing impossible. Study well, ask questions, he is your friend! I'm taking him again :)
5.0 : Really nice guy, the class is difficult, mainly because of the material and he's not the best teacher but if you take good notes and record the class you should do fine
1.5 : Omar is extremely nice and down to earth. When it comes to the test and lab midterm and finale, they are extremely hard. The test are EVERYTHING that is said in class, even though he gives questions to study, the majority of the class got C's as their grade in the class. He believes in the bell curve grading and that should be only few A's.
4.5 : Prof. Eldakar is a great lecturer, he's very into BIO so his enthusiasm will keep you awake. Make sure to use his outlines as a bible for studying. His tests aren't easy but if you study you shouldn't get anything less than a solid B. I wish I would have applied myself from the start I could have gotten a B for sure. He curves at the end but study!
4.0 : Dr. Eldakar is an amazing and passionate professor at NSU. He's is very understanding and tries to make accommodations throughout the semester in order to help us pass and achieve a good grade. I do have to admit his class was extremely tough (EVERY TEST)but he's an amazing professor. It sucks that i killed myself in his class and got a C- (retake)
4.0 : I took Prof Eldakar for non-majors bio. He was super understanding that we all had different interests and tried to make the class relevant for everyone. Show up to class, take notes, and prepare for the weekly quizzes. You'll get a good grade as long as you pay attention to his lectures.
5.0 : He is one of the BESTEST professor at NSU.He is very helpful and his tests are easy if you pay attention to his lectures.He is young,extremely hot and a very kind man who wants his students to pass his class.He knows his stuff and is very passionate about evolutionary biology.I love him and totally recommend him for bio II because HE IS THE BEST !!
4.5 : I took him for Biology IILab. Best class I have taken in a long time. I really learned a lot in his class. I would love to take him for another class. I recommend taking any class he teaches. His test are very hard and I highly recommend you take his advice and do study groups. Totally works!!!
3.0 : He's a really nice guy. Tests are extremely hard. You will mercilessly study if you do not understand his style of teaching.
4.0 : Dr. Eldakar is a really fun person and he is really passionate about what he does, which makes it easy to get lost during lecture. His tests are really tough, and even though they come from the questions on his PowerPoints, you have to study really hard to do well. Study for the practical exams because they will be tough.
5.0 : Eldakar is the best lecturer nova has to offer! He gives you the questions for the test, and all the information is found in the lectures. Easy A if you study.
5.0 : I took Dr. Eldakar for Bio II and it was a breeze. Make sure to attend class, record the lectures, and take really good notes. If you do so, you'll pass with no problems. The test m/c and written come directly from his lectures, no need for the book.
4.0 : Idc if he trash talk this on first day of class, but hes quite a character for a professor. He *is* passionate in what he does, but remember: serial killers are also passionate in what they do. Record lectures, participate, type (not write) notes, and you'll do well. He lectures casually, but the test far from. Oh, &amp; he thrives from your stress. :)
3.5 : very hard exams
2.0 : He's good at lecturing but slides off topic and talks about his personal life more than the actual topic. His exams are extremely tough (only 3 ppl each class would receive an A or B on his exams). If you ask about your grade in the course, he gets angry and will make you feel guilty for asking, when in reality you deserve to know your grade.
4.0 : Professor Eldakar is an awesome professor. His tests are not easy but if you follow his powerpoint lectures and answer the questions at the end you will be fine. Do not skip class because his powerpoints are mostly pictures so you will not be able to study when the test comes. He is kind of cute so lecture is not so boring.
4.0 : Professor Eldakar's class was really fun &amp; interesting. I learned a lot &amp; was opened to a new way of thinking. His class isn't hard. Print out the PP slides before class &amp; answer the questions while following the lecture. Be prepared to take  LOTS of notes. You must go to class. All in all, he's a great professor. Record lectures, that helps also.
4.0 : Totally delightful professor. He's very helpful if you reach out him. Super obsessed with biology so you can expect interesting lectures and he's very funny so that makes his lectures even better. His tests are very difficult if you don't read the book. You definitely need the book for the class. His test questions  come right from his powerpoints.
5.0 : He is a truly great professor. I learned so much information from this class, and his personality is great. He is book heavy and you MUST read, but it is short articles. The quizes are easy, and the final / midterm was an essay . He sets up the class to get an A . TAKE HIM!!!
4.0 : Great guy. We have one quiz per week and you HAVE to read the book to pass. The class is super interactive and you need to be ready for him to call on you. Most of the class is graded just on tests and quizzes. He is very personable and chill but you are expected to participate and discuss topics as a class.
5.0 : Edwards is my favorite teacher by far. As long as you read the material, you will do well in his class. He has an open approach to everything and forces you to think outside the box. He makes learning the material fun. He's also very personable with all the students and wants all of them to succeed.
5.0 : great acting professor. she teaches all types of techniques. She is really nice and approachable and will answer any questions you have. i worked hard but had a really great time in the class. highly recommended! (also no textbook!)
5.0 : Great professor, helps you whenever you need help and she's passionate about theatre. Lots of fun and very fun to have class with. You need the Actor's Handbook to write one of her papers. Make sure you practice your scenes a lot and work hard, she's a very fair grader. Also a fantastic Applied Voice teacher if you sing musical theatre or pop. (:
4.0 : Professor Perkins is a great acting teacher who has been around the acting industry.
5.0 : great professor, I had him for PYCL 0520 online, there are quizzes and 3 boards. Quizzes are due at the end of semester, Therefore you go on your own speed. you can use a older edition textbook
5.0 : Made statistics interesting
5.0 : Very professional, excellent instructor. The feedback was excellent, always available for the students. I learnt a lot.
5.0 : Outstanding clarity for stats
4.0 : Professor Kennedy really makes Stats less intimidating.  He patiently walks you through each assignment so you are not lost.  SPSS seems intimidating, but through his lectures you will get the hang of it.  Don't skip the lectures, and you will be fine.
5.0 : Great course and professor! Will be taking  for other courses as well!
5.0 : Great professor, easy A. you have to participate in the discussion board every week, one paper at the end of the semester and a final exam. Totally recommend him.
5.0 : This professor makes statistics seem like a breeze. The live blackboard class is great and very helpful.
5.0 : Classes are group discussions based on student assignments/projects, text book reading and practical applications
3.5 : Don't take online! Tough grader, deducted points for very minimal things. He assigns you a group and from then on out his assignment gets very tough especially when it comes to knowing how to divide the group work evenly. Also very long individual paper on reflection of team work. (difficult to do when you take the class online)
4.5 : very time consuming w/ a lot of writing. But material was interesting &amp; he broke up the reading assignments in a great way. The writing assignments forced you to learn the material. The mid term was open book but had some tricky questions. Even with reading every chapter, taking notes &amp; understanding the material I did not do as well as expected
4.5 : Professor Pesta was great! There is a midterm, weekly discussions, group paper, individual reflection paper and an executive summary done in this course. Overall great experience. The team project was difficult since it was an online class but if you work hard you can get an A!
5.0 : There are mandatory weekly discussions, a midterm, a final, a group paper that has a different part due each week and an unnecessarily long 10 page reflection paper. Do not worry, though. Put some thought and effort and you will get 100% on the reflection paper. He responds to messages quickly and will work with you if you put in the effort.
4.0 : Good professor. He likes for you to do research through Nova Online Library. Virtual lecture with librarian at the beginning of the term so you learn to use it well. Vital for a Master's program! So happy he set this up. Massive Group Project evaluating team members firm. Weekly discussion questions- some requiring research. Long individual paper.
3.5 : Really nice Class. Not an easy A but doable. Read chapters and power point slides. Post weekly discussion and replies (two, that counted as participation), team group assignment weekly and midterm .Nice professor!
3.5 : This class was online. There was a midterm (no final), weekly group assignments, discussion board every week and reply to two students for participation grade. He replies to emails pretty quick. A lot of work, but it's an easy A.
5.0 : PROFESSOR PESTA WAS THE BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5.0 : Instructor is terrific. You will have to do some work! Very clear about her expectations. Simply do the assignments and participate in the weekly discussion posts you'll do well. For the midterm and the final paper (6-9 pages) she gives you a grading rubric which tells exactly what she is looking for and how she will grade you. Cant ask for more!!
5.0 : Dr. Muvingi is a dedicated professional.  He provides structure and guidance throughout the course.  His assignments will challenge you if you are up to it, but it is well worth the time.  Overall, he is a great professor and I have nothing but positive accolades for him.
5.0 : Dr. Muvingi is an excellent professor.  He is very thorough and knowledgeable.  I will definitely take him again.
4.0 : Professor Johnson is very involved with each student. Need help?  He's there. Worried about what you made on your last test? He will go over it with you. He is very knowledgable about what he teaches.  He make history interesting for all us non-history majors out there! I recommend him to everyone!!
5.0 : Challenging but you will learn a lot! Professor N is very helpful and she will explain things over and over until everyone understands. I recommend!
3.0 : I want to start this off by saying she's the sweetest person! She is so caring about her students and will really go out of her way to help you. That being said, her teaching style is kind of all over the place and extremely difficult to follow. A&amp;P is a tough class and it's even tougher when its disorganized, don't recommend.
4.0 : I had Dr. L for Communication Disorders:Infancy &amp; Preschool. Overall I enjoyed the class. She was helpful when I had questions. The midterm &amp; final were all based on information discussed in class. Overall I liked her &amp; I am signed up for her Diagnostics class this summer.
4.0 : She was very fair &amp; clear. She really wants her students to succeed. I am going to take another class with her over the summer. Her assignments are well thought out and graded fairly. The exams were based on material discussed in class and she really wants everyone to understand the material.
5.0 : Best Professor I've ever had! Take this class! You will enjoy!!
5.0 : A great professor! She explains things well, is not tricky and plans the courses well.
2.0 : Extremely disorganized. Does not answer emails. Does not explain the project or teach the material for the project. We read aloud our homework questions and that's how the class is taught. Spent a lot of money on this class, go nothing out of it. Takes forever to post grades.
5.0 : I really enjoyed Dr. Faulk's class, her valuable teachings and explanations, and her theatrical abilities to exemplify everything. She is in my list of best professors. I learned a lot from her and now I feel more confident to start my Practicum. I'm so happy I took Case Conceptualization with her. Take her!!
5.0 : Great professor. Answers e-mails and phone calls. Actually cares about her students as people and wants to make sure they learn. Tests are long but not hard. Midterm, final, and weekly discussion posts. I got an older version of text book and it worked just fine.
5.0 : Great professor!
3.0 : Very brief feedback on assignments.  No response to emails.  Midterm and Final are timed.  Near impossible to utilize book to look up answers if you want to finish on time.  No interaction with the class at all.
5.0 : Dr. Winer is amazing! If you have the choice between her and Leslie Barnes Young, go with Dr. Winer. She is so willing to help you understand the topic and she grades fairly. Do the work and you will get a good grade.
4.0 : Dr. Winer is a good professor. No late work is accepted. There is a midterm and final. It is timed and it is not enough time to look up answers in the book. Discussions and Assignments are reasonable and really make you think.  I would take Dr. Winer again for sure.  There is also a paper due at the end of the semester.
5.0 : This was an okay class.  It is called "Environmental Law &amp; Policy"...The professor is very laid back and willing to help students if there is a issue in comprehending the materials.  However, there is NO extra credit and you are being graded on midterm/final/class participation and a term paper. She has a reputation of releasing the class early.
3.5 : I would recommend taking a class with Professor Zucker, I had her for Articulation and Phonological Disorders.  The midterm and final were brutal but she gave study guides which were very helpful.  I learned a lot from this course and she had the lectures organized well.  She is super nice and knowledgeable.
5.0 : Mrs. Zucker is super knowledgeable and likable! No secret that it is a very tough class and the exams seem very difficult, but at the end you see how much you gained and learned which makes it all worth it!! There are assignments that are difficult, but again, you learn so much. All the assignments are for a purpose. Take this class, you'll be glad
5.0 : Fascinating class! Caring! Loved listening to her lectures. Prepare to answer and participate frequently!
4.5 : She is amazing! Don't be intimidated by what you hear!
4.0 : Dr. Ard is really a great professor. Don't get turned off by the seemingly daunting work! She grades very fairly so don't worry!!
5.0 : I've had Dr. Ard two times now and she is just amazing! As long as you do all the work properly you can almost be guaranteed to pass. One thing about Dr. Ard, she is super, super respectful about everything and everyone. She exemplifies someone who accepts everyone and understands cultural diversity. Take her class! You won't be sorry!!
5.0 : Very caring and understanding! Wonderful professor!! Id give her 10 stars if I could!
5.0 : Great professor - easy to reach and provides excellent feedback on submitted work. Grades are returned within reasonable time, with feedback. Reviews for midterm and final, closely resemble exams. Very organized and provides details for projects and assignments. Great professor for online class! :-)
5.0 : She is so helpful and approachable. The class wasn't easy, but she helped every step of the way.
5.0 : Dr. Fehr epitomizes Group Therapy. His subtle guidance of group participants and group leadership elicits openness and challenges all comfort zones. Dr. Fehr is a psychotherapist that has taken all of his group therapy experiences and made them accessible for the novice student and therapist. This class will be a life changing experimence.
5.0 : Enlightening class and brilliant professor. This will be the most impactful class you take in graduate school. I highly recommend taking a journey into group psychotherapy with someone that has over 35+ years of experience running groups. Your skills as a group facilitator will undoubtedly be sharpened and you'll never forget this experience.
5.0 : Dr. Fehr is an amazing professor that takes the time to truly guide his students in group therapy. I was able to be vulnerable in this class and really learn about myself and the field of counseling. I highly recommend to take this class. This is one of the few classes that actually prepared me to work in the field.
5.0 : There's a reason why  students that take group with Dr Fehr are ENVIED!  Why? Fehr is a group expert whose class gives  student experience closest to clinical practice. Its real, open, honest, live and uncut!  When you leave this course, you will  run group with ease and confidence. The wisdom and insight given will guide you through your career!
5.0 : Gr8 Professor. Best class ever in graduate school. This guy knows his stuff.
5.0 : Brilliant professor. Also very funny. Best class I ever had in graduate school. He is group therapy. He wrote the books.
5.0 : What can I say about Fehr? First day of class, in walks this short guy with long hair, shorts and sneakers. Not what I expected at all. His reputation in the graduate psychology department is legendary which is why I took him. I now know why he is legendary. He is the only professor who has made psychology real and inspired me. The guy is a "trip."
5.0 : Dr. Fehr is an amazing professor. I wish I would have taken his class during a full semester instead of summer because his class is VERY enjoyable and he really wants his students to learn by experience, not the textbook. His exam over the book is difficult, but not impossible. I loved going to his class and my mind was changed about group therapy!
5.0 : I recently had Dr. Fehr and I cannot remember the last time a class and a professor not only inspired me but too changed my life. This guy is the consummate professor. A wealth of knowledge about group therapy and also very funny. I looked forward to his class each week which is so unlike my other courses which were boring.
5.0 : Great professor. Group therapy is experienced by the students and it allows for insight, education and preparation to be introduced on a different level  rather than pure lecture based.
5.0 : Fehr is one of the most amazing professors i have ever had! He is beyond inspirational, he is real, and most importantly, hands on. He makes class fun and entertaining. Allows you to feel what it is really like to be a therapist. NO OTHER professor like him!
4.5 : I took this course over a year ago and I often think about it and Dr. Fehr. It changed my life and the direction in my career.
5.0 : I had taken Dr. Fehr for a summer semester meeting twice a week. It was the only course that I always looked forward to attending. He is group therapy. He has an amazing knowledge of group therapy and people in general. I felt those students who really involved themselves in the course benefited the most. Be prepared to learn about yourself.
5.0 : I took Dr. Fehr's course just before going on internship as it was required and a life saver as I was thrown into group the first day I arrived at my site. He gave us all the opportunity to be on both sides of the desk - client and group leader. I have since graduated and Dr. Fehr is now my post master's supervisor. What can I say but Wow.
5.0 : I recently passed my LMHC exam and now am fully licensed to practice. I recently got a job specifically due to my skills running groups. I truly believe this is because of taking Dr. Fehr's course in group therapy. He inspired me to become a group therapist. I cannot thank you enough, Dr. Fehr.
5.0 : I took Dr. Fehr's group course because of his reputation on campus. People were saying, you will not believe this guy. Not only is he intellectually sharp but too can be very funny. Of course I was going to make my own decision and have him prove himself to me. He went beyond what I ever could imagine. I want to be Dr. Fehr in my career.
5.0 : I recently finished Dr. Fehr's group therapy course in my Doctorate. It was not like any course I have ever taken in graduate school. I got a real feel for psychology. I would highly recommend this professor to any one who truly wants to learn. How many professors have you taken that actually wrote the books you use in class. Funny sweet guy.
5.0 : A truly amazing professor. Unlike any in graduate school. Plan to learn about group and yourself. He is group therapy.
5.0 : LOVE LOVE DR BERNA. Great professor. Cares about if you understand the lectures and reading. Is there for the student if they need additional time outside of class. Very flexible and easy to reach.
5.0 : TAKE HIS CLASS! ASA LG AS YOU GO TO THE WEEKLY 1 HOUR MEETING AND READ THE CHAPTER ASISIGN TO YOU FROM THE VERY INTERESING NON "TEXTBOOK" READINGS YOU WILL AS WITH AN A.  HE JUST RALLY WANTS YOU TO LEARN ABOUT CURRENT EVENTS
5.0 : Great Professor.  Be prepared for lots of reading and in depth discussions.
5.0 : Dr. Berna is a very smart professor and knows his current events like non-other. He treat all his students like graduate professionals. You can actually learn a lot from his classes if you apply yourself to the assignments. He require a lot of books, so save your money to buy books for his class. I encourage you to take his classes.
5.0 : Dr Berna is excellent!
5.0 : best teacher!!
5.0 : Dr. Parrish puts on a good, engaging lecture.  He took a hard subject (Cloud Computing) and made it understandable.  He follows along with the textbook and class schedule, but also shows his students how it is applicable in real life.
5.0 : Extremely thorough and very patient with students who have yet to realize that the Ph.D. program is very demanding.
2.0 : So much work for a elective class and tough grader
5.0 : Her lectures are straight forward and to the point, assignments are clear, tests are kind of long, overall great class.
5.0 : Very clear and concise of what she expects. tests are doable and derived from her lectures - what classes should be like, teacher teaches what needs to be taught. has many extra credit opportunities. quizzes are easy. understanding of other classes and deadlines. take her!!! I cannot wait take another course with her.
4.0 : Great professor. Very open to personal issues if you happen to have a hiccup. If you're caught up on a topic or subject, he's willing to help you outside of the classroom. Attendance is not mandatory but you do get points for attendance.
5.0 : Very good professor and nice person.
5.0 : Dr. Piya is an excellent professor, the lectures are very interesting and he takes time to explain so that you understand the concepts.  He gives positive feedback and whenever you need help or clarification he responds within minutes. I would encourage class participation because it makes the assignments much easier.
5.0 : Great professor! You will have a lot of weekly Homework, but he is very helpful he really wants you to learn!! You need to study and go to class, but he teaches a short class, and you can ask him anything! He's always there for you!
4.5 : He is Excellent. I give 100% Recommendation.
4.5 : Dr. Piya is extremely helpful and patient! If you have to take this course i definitely recommend him.
5.0 : Dr. Chayanuwat (Piya) is extremely knowledgeable about the Finance field and utilizes real world examples in his lessons. He is always willing to help students and goes out of his way to make sure students understand the subject. You must study and complete assignments as the subject can be complex. If you study you will receive a good grade.
5.0 : The professor helped explain everything and if you had any questions would continue to work with you until it was resolved. Is easy to talk to and will help you anyway he can even beyond this class.
5.0 : BEST professor ever!!! You won't regret taking this class!!!
5.0 : One of the best professors at NSU. He truly cares for his students and wants to make sure we all understand each subject. He did a great job at simplifying Finance and making it very interesting to go to class.
5.0 : Great  professor, one of the best!  He is fair and truly wants to help students learn.  Available to answer questions. Weekly assignments, an individual project, and mid-term/final exams. Understand the weekly work and you will be fine for exams. Helpful to read before class.
5.0 : I took this professor for HSDD 5430 Integrating Children with disabilities and I learned a lot from her class. She was always available whenever I needed her . Jennifer makes you work for your discussions and provides feedback for all her students.
5.0 : Dr. Ries is a great professor. She is clear in what she expects from her students. Do what is expected of you and you'll be fine.
4.5 : Excellent Professor
4.5 : Shes a tough professor if you don't have any interest in the subject. She can be really insightful if you want her to be. Personally, I have an extremely deep respect for her. She knows her stuff and MAKES you push yourself. I've been on her bad side and her good side and am happy that I've had her as a professor. I recommend her studio classes.
5.0 : Straight forward professor. If you stay on top of the assignments and turn them in on time, you'll do fine. Online resources are a help with this course as well.
4.0 : Great professor. Worked with me when I ran into some issues throughout the semester. Very helpful.
4.0 : The grades are only made up of weekly quizzes. If you participate on the discussion board, you will get an extra 10 towards your final grade.
4.0 : Professor Baek is an awesome teacher and he explains the material very well. I always went to class although attendance is not mandatory. Class consists of weekly online quizzes and participation compensates for your grade during the term. If students need to take FINP5001, I would recommend Professor Baek for this class. You will need the book
4.5 : What I love about this professor is that he understands that every student has a different writing techniquestyle. Instead of trying to change it he encourages it! Great teacher.
5.0 : What an interesting, Professor. She is definitely a sweetheart. I totally enjoyed every single class with her so much that I felt as if I had known her my entire life. Her teaching skills are impressive and she really knows her material. She also explains and gives great feedback. I had a wonderful experience. She's definitely one of the best @ NSU
5.0 : Could have not asked for a better sociology professor, she is very cultured and knowledgeable, creates an amazing ambiance for her students. Everything that comes out of her mouth is test materials, take notes, do homework and she'll make sure you pass the class. Very understanding and open door policy for you to discuss any topics with her. Best 1
5.0 : Awesome class.
5.0 : Dr. Preziosi is the man! Awesome class and teacher, take him!! He makes learning fun and easy, my favorite professor by far!!
4.5 : Dr. Bob is a really funny and caring guy. He'll make sure you ace the class, just don't cheat or be arrogant in his classroom. The eBook he makes you buy his mandatory and that's where you're homework comes from. You may as well get the cheapest textbook possible since it's a half year course. Again, great guy.
5.0 : Dr Baker-Bimmel is wonderful! She is clear about what she wants and will assist you in any way possible.  This is her first term at Nova Southeastern University, but she has taught Sociology courses at Broward college for 15 years.  I am very happy to reunite with her and excited to have her as my professor in Social Problems at NSU!
5.0 : Great professor! He's so kind and his lectures are very interesting. Not a difficult class, the homework is lengthy so make sure to get some done ahead of time ..(it's not hard at all so no need to stress over hw) You will definitely have fun learning in his class!
4.0 : Professor Kimber is great. He has a passion for philosophy. He gives really long homework assignments but they make you think. He really does want his students to do well. The class has one midterm, one big essay toward the end of the semester, and a final.
5.0 : If you don't take prof Kimber, you're wrong. Seriously. He is hands down the best professor at Nova. He WANTS you pass and he LOVES his job.  That's just a combination set up for success. His homework might be lengthy but it is not boring at all and you have like a week to do it. Exams are just as he tells you. Take him!!!!!
5.0 : Although online you have to write a lot, I am great at writing and enjoyed it. Professor Kimber is always available via e-mail and in person and even does face to face meetings to meet us in person (not mandatory). This class is interesting and an easy A. YOU NEED THE BOOK FOR THE HOMEWORKS.
5.0 : I love this guy! He's there for you, he's clear with his lectures, he does give alot of homework, but a majority of time it about you and how you would approach the situation.  I took him at Broward College and just recently enrolled in one of his classes at Nova Southeastern University.  I look forward to his class again.
5.0 : Professor Qaddoura is very helpful if you ask for it. He also gives extra-credit opportunities in class and he is straightforward about what is on tests.
5.0 : Best professor for orgo, tests are half from the review and the other half are from simple questions, like what is aldehyde .
4.0 : Great professor ,  highly equipped and care a lot about his students. He knows his material very well and has excellent teaching style. His exams are fair and he gives lots of extra credits. I recommend him for both org 1&amp;2
5.0 : Dr Qaddoura is awesome teacher, professional and expert in his field. He delivers excellent lecture and help students by breaking concepts step by step. I learned so much, but he goes fast sometimes during lecture. But he puts lots of notes and extra materials on the blackboard.
4.0 : Great class. He talks  a lot. Easily swayed off subject but manages to bring it back to a point. Very compassionate, will help you build confidence. Provides a safe place to learn and be yourself.
4.0 : Provides a safe place to learn and be yourself.
3.5 : Best Teacher ever. Knew what he was talking about. He got sick and fired him after missing a few classes while he was in the hospital and replaced him with two guys that have NO CLUE what they are talking about. If i had known , i would never take this class. If Glass is teaching take it.
5.0 : he is the best. He always helped me a lot. I love him!
5.0 : Awesome professor with passion! He brings theory to practice...I would take him again if he teaches other courses....I just graduated and he has inspired me to never give up....
3.5 : Dr. Artley was the toughest grader I've even encountered.  He is a stickler about APA and grades strictly by the assignment rubric.  There were many group projects in the classroom which enriched the learning experience.  He teaches directly from the textbook.
5.0 : I had him 3 times at NSU and he was by far my favorite professor.  He will make sure that you walk out of his class knowing how to sell.  If you are shy he will find a way to trip you to get over your fear and before you know it, you are selling!  Great person overall!!!
4.5 : Amazing Teacher! Really gets you interested in selling even if you hate it. Class was fun and interactive. I was always looking forward to his class. Would definitely take him again for ANYTHING. He has a lot of experience and is great at his job.
5.0 : Professor Riggs is one of the best at Nova. His lectures are amazing and he is extremely experienced in his field. The quizzes are easy, and as long as you just do the small presentations you will get 100%. The Midterm and final are not hard and he gives a lot of extra credit. I would defiantly take him again and 100% recommend him to anyone.
5.0 : One of the most interesting lecturers, ever! He keeps all of his classes interesting. I was excited to attend class and complete all assignments at all times. You can definitely do well if you stay ahead of the work, study and attend all classes.
5.0 : When you enter an elderly age and have to tell kids or grandkids about the importance of school this will be the teacher you always remember for inspiring you to learn
5.0 : Best professor at Nova. Give tons of extra credit and 4 or 5 quizzes which are really just small assignments that he usually sends home and as long as you do them you will get 100. Their are a few presentations but they aren't in front of the class and as long as you do them with out passing out you will get an A. 100% recommend and will take again
5.0 : One of the best teachers of nova.
5.0 : Dr. Riggs is awesome! Such a great person and so influential. Really there for you and cares for his students. Definitely loves his job and you WILL LEARN. Take this class, you will remember it forever!!!
5.0 : Best professor at NSU! I've had him twice now and he has been amazing both times, defiantly take him if you have the chance!
5.0 : Dr. Riggs is the best professor I've ever taken at Nova! He makes his lectures entertaining! His class is never boring. Every lecture is based off of real life experiences. The tests and assignments are very manageable. He is really passionate about what he teaches. If I could do it all over again, I would take all of the classes he teaches!
4.0 : She's everything the person below described her to be. I would definitely take her again!
5.0 : One of the best professors i've had at Nova thus far! She applies everything she teaches to the real world, which makes the class more interesting. Midterm/Final, group presentation, individual project, attendance, and participation. Would definitely take her again if I had the chance!
5.0 : After ONE class, I can honestly rate her as one of the best at Nova. She is funny, relatable and knowledgeable and she doesn't insult you by reading you a PPT. She relates usually boring accounting topics to real life stuff you can actually use and remember once the class is over. Syllabus and coursework are straightforward, as is she.
5.0 : Professor Ackerman makes accounting so interesting and applies concepts to real world examples. She loves to teach and has lots of experience in the subject, which makes the class entertaining :) The syllabus is clear and simple: 3 exams (1 in-class, 1 open-book, and 1 take-home), a group presentation, and participation. Really enjoyed this class!
5.0 : This professor was honestly the best I've had at Nova thus far. She is as smart as she is funny, and while she teaches you things about accounting, she also teaches you things about life. She is a great role model for women who want to be successful and I will miss having her class very much.
5.0 : Probably the best instructor I have encountered so far in my entire academic career.
5.0 : Amazing professor, make sure you study. Very helpful!
5.0 : Super smart.   Make sure you study.
3.5 : Professor Vila. I took him for Sociology of Sexuality and Family Relationships. He always gives two take home essays and three home tests. As long as you go to class, read the book, and study the material you will do well. He is also very nice and funny. Never a dull moment in the classroom
5.0 : easy class to take. Loved taking it
4.5 : He is a great teacher. He is very intelligent and very interactive. He talks the whole class period and we have open discussions. His tests are done in groups and he is always willing to help and offer extra credit. Great Teacher and he is a fairly easy grader if you do all of your work. He does care about your attendance though.
5.0 : Professor O, is very business savvy. He knows the subject very well and ensures the students understand the contents of the course. Great professor and very understanding.
4.5 : Takes attendance and may grade touch.
2.5 : This professor was very disorganized. He changed the syllabus and assignment criteria couple times throughout the course. His class felt like a joke. Took it as a night class and 4 hrs was just way too long for his boring lectures that did not relate to the exams. However, show up, do your assignments, and you'll easily pass.
5.0 : Wonderful teacher.  She explains the material very clearly and takes the time to make sure her students are learning.  She is very approachable and there for you when you have questions.
5.0 : In order to pass the class you need to study hard for it. She give quizzes every week, quiz for each chapter. She has detail PP that contain a lot of important information, that is actually on quizzes and exams. She is very organized and very well oriented. Knows the material from top to bottom, smart lady. Explains the material and answer question
4.5 : Great professor! Tough subject matter unless you are great at memorization. Explains very well, write down everything from lecture and compare to PPT afterwards, trust me! Bring your book to class to see the pictures. Study class notes and read the book and you will get an A. She gives great examples and insight. Approachable and knowledgeable.
4.5 : Great! Tough subject matter unless you are great at memorization. Explains very well, write down everything from lecture and compare to PPT afterwards, trust me! Study class notes and read the book and you will get an A. She gives great examples and insight. Approachable and knowledgeable. Do the discussion postings, they really help to tests!
2.0 : Have to STUDY.. Like all day to pass this class. Lots of memorization and terminology.
5.0 : Lots of quizzes and hard... the book was not enough. Got better at the end of the semester...
5.0 : Lots of online communication with the other students... you cannot skip the week or you may lose points
5.0 : Very easy class , accepts late work , very caring and gives good feedback . Little too easy in my opinion but very nice teacher HIGHLY recommend if your looking for A .
5.0 : She is very easy going. A little too easy going. However, if you want an "easy A" kind of class this is it. She is a very kind woman and will work with you to ensure your success in the class. Would recommend to everyone.
5.0 : There's a group project that requires different portions to be submitted throughout semester. Clear instructions. She gives very good feedback and is a fair grader. Follow APA format and you will do fine. Midterm and Final were straightforward, answers can be found in book and PPTs easily. She is a very good professor and I would take her again.
4.0 : Very good feeback and clear rubrics for papers. Very nice, inspirational, cares about her subject area.
4.0 : Dr. Lawrence is excellent!! I loved this class. There are weekly discussion posts, two papers (about 7 or 8 pages each), an essay midterm, an essay final, and a self-assessment. She is not a tough grader. As long as you answer all the components and cite from the textbook, you should be good. Grammar is important! She is sooo helpful and pleasant!
4.5 : Online Course: No group Work, weekly discussion w/ comments, 2 papers, &amp; essay test format
5.0 : Very helpful professor. I was taking a midterm on a Saturday and the power went out at the library. I called her and she made sure I could retake the test. When writing the papers, make sure grammar is perfect and APA. I highly reccomend her
5.0 : Professor Lawrence is amazing. I thought this class would be difficult looking at the syllabus, and it wasn't. Course is basically formatted on Group work besides from the weekly discussions. Rubrics are listed for each assignment. Extra credit is available. Responds to emails quickly. Overall a great professor to take!
4.5 : Assignments are easy, tests (mid term &amp; final) are difficult. It's best to attend and participate in all the classes
4.0 : Dr. Mittleman was a very inspirational teacher. Her passion for the course and her student was evident each and every class. I would definitely recommend taking her courses.
4.0 : GREAT TEACHER. GIVES FEEDBACK EVERY WEEK! ATTENDANCE IS IMPORTANT ONLINE( NO MORE THAN 5 DAYS MISSING) EASY GRADER
5.0 : Great professor, provides good feedback on all assignments. Fair grader. Follow APA format for assignments and you will do fine. Did not need the book. Lots of weekly posts in discussion board, but helpful in learning the material. Accessible outside of class and very responsive. She is a great professor. I would take a class with her again.
5.0 : Professor Mittleman is great! She provides feedback on every assignments. Not a tough grader at all. Follow APA format for all assignments. Weekly posts and responses to classmates posts in discussion board, mid term, final, and individual project with powerpoint. Responds quickly to emails or class messages. Love her. Wish she taught more classes!
5.0 : Professor Mittleman is excellent! I enjoyed her class structure, content and teaching style, She is knowledgeable on the course topics. There are a lot of articles to read, along with the chapters. APA is a must for all of the assignments. She responds quickly to questions.
5.0 : I had this professor for my pract and internship! She is by far my favorite professor at Nova. I learned so many techniques and skills. She was always available to answer any questions and concern and it showed that she loves what she does. Participate on the discussion board, get your internship hours and assignments, you get an A.
5.0 : Dr. Garcia-Lavin is kind, caring, relatable, and genuinely wants to provide good feedback to the students and promote learning. Highly recommended!
5.0 : I cannot even begin to explain how great of a professor she is. She was understanding when I had my surgery and worked with me. Completely amazing professor who was always available. When one of my clients passed away at my internship I called her and she was there for me. Couldn't express anymore how much people should pick her as a professor!
4.5 : Fun, interesting and informative course!
5.0 : Professor Petrescu REALLY cares about her students. She constantly provided us with information regarding internships. I really enjoyed that her teaching style was conversational rather than traditional lectures. She brought us a treat every class. Such a nice and amazing professor!
5.0 : Professor Petrescu is very helpful and super nice and sweet. She highly encouraged students to share their thoughts and understandings. Teamwork is very important for the class. She is a soft-spoken and gentle lady and an easy grader.
5.0 : Professor Petrescu is a good instructor and I would recommend to take her if you get an opportunity for any Marketing class. She's an amazing professor and I'm glad to have the opportunity to experience her class.
5.0 : Great Professor and very helpful
5.0 : Dr. Petrescu is an excellent professor. Unlike many educators, she actually works in the field of marketing. Her ability to bring real world knowledge to the classroom is an added bonus. If you do the work, you will score well, and learn something in the process. She is very approachable with questions, and provides good feedback.
1.0 : This is the worst professor I ever had. I do not recommend her for anyone. After this class I felt like quitting school.
5.0 : She is a great professor. She wants to see your creativity when writing papers. The idea is to pretend you are a marketing consultant and be less academic. She is great
4.5 : Amazing, Inspirational &amp; Knowlegeable! Demanding but there to help you learn. Quick with emails! Ask for more examples, she will produce. Midterm &amp; Final Exam - 6 pop quizzes. 3 Video Tape Sessions. 1st 10min. 2nd 20min w Transcript &amp; Reflection paper. 3rd 30min w T &amp; R paper but a 20min ppt pressention to class.  Dont be late or skip class!
5.0 : Professor gives amazing lectures. Class assignments are mostly research on Educational Code of Ethics but midterm and final are all from your notes. You do need to get the textbook for this class because there are readings but his tests are based off his lecturesnotes. Students got to chose the questions on the final!
5.0 : HE IS THE BEST. Caring and willing to go ABOVE and BEYOND for his students to understand. The assignments are not over the top and he has been in the program since it started. Great at everything he does!
5.0 : She was an amazing professor! If you have a chance to take her, please do. She will help your singing by a thousand and she is a great human being and professor.
5.0 : Instructor lays out in syllabus requirements.  Other instructors can be arrogant and sarcastic, but he is very knowledgeable  and humble.
5.0 : Best professor! His lectures are interesting and he makes sure you are keeping up. Send him an email with a question and expect a long answer that explains it thoroughly. Hands down the best teacher at Nova for Tax. Will take EVERY class I can with him!
5.0 : He is honestly so funny, if you are looking at this then you are probably an athletic training student because that's all he teaches, focus on the power points and take good notes and do the things outside the class room that you are supposed to. You will do fine if not amazing.
4.0 : Dr. Polly is vey helpful if you are having issues with understanding the assignment. She even get a class consensus on assignments and request feed back on whether the assignments were good and appropriate.
3.0 : Although he knows a lot about Security, almost everything that he says can be obtained from the text book. He is extremely picky, so you can lose points with any type of detail. His presentations are very good and he focus on what is really important.
5.0 : I have learned a lot from Dr.J's class. Although, it was an online class, He was always approachable for any question or concern either by sending individual emails or  discussions. His syllabus was correlated with the schedule provided.  His PowerPoint presentations and lectures were very helpful especially APA. Very organized and fair professor.
5.0 : This was my first semester at Nova Southeastern University and I was impressed with Ms. Presti.  Her lectures are always well prepared.  She in very knowledgeable of the topics and makes the lectures very interesting.  This professor goes the extra mile for her students and is vested in their success
4.5 : Great guy. He uses an online Wiley Plus instructional guide that guides you through using the IT system. Great to connect the material to actual experience and helps you understand. Weekly Quizzes can be frustrating though. Two textbooks- one is Wiley ERP walkthrough, other is more IT related. 3 quizzes on IT book.  2 Group case studies.
5.0 : Prof Collado is honest and sincere. I took her for UNIV100 and even though I'm not a music major, I wouldn't hesitate to take an elective class with her. She always find a way to connect the lessons to real life and she's just a genuinely cool professor.
5.0 : Current trends and cultural issues in healthcare class. Very good class and learned a lot in this core Master health science program. Very helpful and grades papers fast.
5.0 : This course was very interesting and easy, in a sense that the Professor's way of teaching makes a difference in a world to understand all the materials. The professor's knowledge is endless and her academical support is GREAT! I would take this course all over again with this Professor...
5.0 : I took this Azua for Human Anatomy. She's an amazing professor &amp; really knows her stuff. Be prepared for a lot of reading. It's a tough course but her style of teaching will really helps you learn your Anatomy. Labs were entertaining. You have an extra credit quiz every lab day, which is really helpful. I would definitely take her again if I could.
5.0 : Interesting Fun!! hands on!! totally combines theory and practice. I highly recommend. Very enjoyable
5.0 : Favorite math class I have ever taken. His homework is on mystatlab so you are guaranteed a 100 if you just do it all. He only had 2 exams, midterm and final, and both were so easy. Everything he does is on excel and he shows you how to do it in class and if you dont go to class he posts the answers online. He does everything to give you an A+
1.5 : Dr. Mandelbaum is a bad teacher. He sends many emails encouraging you to do your work, but don't be fooled, he doesn't care about you. Going to class makes me more confused than just teaching myself. When you don't understand, his way of helping is to do the problem for you and hope you are fast enough at writing notes to get it. AVOID AT ALL COSTS
5.0 : Dr. Mandelbaum is one of the best math teachers/professors i've ever had. The class is excel-based so make sure you become familiar with it! Homework is on mymathlab but it's very easy. Overall amazing professor! answers each and every question you have and wants you to succeed!! Would take again in a heartbeat
5.0 : Dr. Mandelbaum is an excellent professor! He is funny, easy goes and more than willing to make himself available for you to understand the material. If you pay attention in class and do the required assignments on time, you will have a great time. If you don't then you'll be miserable and complain that the course is hard. I'd take him again in a heartbeat!
3.5 : Professor Mandelbaum was a great teacher and helped me out in stats a lot.  Occasionally goes on some rants that were unrelated to the actual question being asked, however by the end of the semester he taught everything we needed to know very well.  Lots of online homework, but it helps you out a lot for the tests.
5.0 : hes great and very nice, answers to emails right away , there is a lot of hw but it will help on the tests
5.0 : This professor is super cool and funny. His lectures are long but you learn a lot and he keeps it interesting. He's probably one of the most helpful teacher's I've ever had. He provides you with tons of study tools and works out any problem you're having. Tests won't be bad as long as you come to class and pay attention. Easy lab as well.
5.0 : Dr. McPartland is the best teacher I have ever had. He is very helpful and very clear. He is just an overall wonderful person and really strives to teach his students. Took him for A&amp;P1 and really wished he taught 2 as well. Definitely taking him again!
5.0 : TAKE HIM!!!! One of the most kind, helpful professors you can ever have. ALWAYS willing to help his students and answer any questions needed. He provides so many ways for his students to do well. go to lecture, study just what he says, and you should have an A. You are missing out if you don't take him.
5.0 : Dr. McPartland is absolutely great. A&amp;P 1 is not an easy subject but he spoon feeds it to you and provides A TON of resources. If you don't do well its your own fault. He does tegrity videos detailing what he wants you to know. Go to his lectures. He is really funny and really cool. Want to take him again. RECOMMENDED!!
5.0 : This guy is the best professor you'll get in your life. He treats his students as if they were family and really wants you to understand anatomy. Even with 2 and a half hours of lecture, he took the time to go on tegrity and record lectures in case you didn't understand the lesson. I would write more about how awesome he is, but not enough room!!!
5.0 : He's such an amazing professor. I had him for anatomy and physiology. The only work you have to do is take the time out to study. The material is difficult but he tries to focus on the most important concepts so you don't have to stress about knowing every little fact.
3.0 : He uses fairly good lecture videos and the book will help you. Get ready or group projects, he relies WAY TOO much on group projects, we had 4 in 8 weeks. Ridiculous. Especially that they are large groups of professionals, it's nearly impossible to coordinate times. If you aren't ready for group work, don't take his class.
5.0 : Just close your eyes and take him! Prof Atkins ROCKS!!!!!!!! I used to look forward to go to class the next week. He's very patient and tries his very best to make a 4 hour class interesting. 2 group case studies and 1 individual, midterm was hard but doable, final was ok. Overall the best teacher at Nova so far and the best in the SCM program!
5.0 : Best prof in the SCM program. I took him for a class already and looking forward to take him again in the fall. He is very patient and he cares a lot about students. I learned so much from  the last class and I'm looking forward to the next class. He grades fairly and is very flexible and tries his best to keep us awake for 4 hours. Atkins for MVP!
4.0 : Dr. Atkins has a great sense of humor.
5.0 : Excellent professor! Best class at Nova so far!
4.0 : Nice guy and involved.
5.0 : great professor, great lectures will help you think a lot and also will help you go deep on concepts and why we do things some ways. very helpful ask her anything and she'll be there for you.
4.5 : Professor Isabel is one of the best professors in this school! She's very knowledgeable not only in her area, but generally on global issues. She's very profound and inspirational. Before class started, we would always take a few minutes to meditate and disconnect from our busy lives.
4.0 : Best professor ever!!!! I really enjoyed this class. She's very knowledgeable in different areas. I strongly recommend taking this class
4.5 : Great professor! Would recommend her to anyone!
5.0 : Professor Rutledge has changed the way I think about my career and public speaking. She has provided us with so much motivation and inspires us. She goes out of her way to be supportive and teach us how we can be great speakers without criticizing. She gives clear expectations and rubrics. She's made me love my school and I've learned tons. GREAT!
5.0 : Wants his students to succeed!  Gives good feedback and will personally explain concepts if you reach out to him.  Provided excellent weekly chat sessions to be reviewed  at your leisure if you were unable to attend. I would take him again.
2.0 : There is a lot to learn from him but the structure of his class is insane. In an 8 week semester, we have 9 rounds for a BSG simulation requirement and 3 presentations. And he grades so meticulously to the point that it's ridiculous. I would refrain from taking him especially if you have other time consuming courses. Unbelievable workload.
5.0 : Dr. Wurthmann is a stellar professor! The class is overwhelming but he is the perfect person to teach it. He's been to Yale, Cornell and Columbia. His IQ is equivelent to Albert Einstein's. I learned more in this class than others combined. He is very involved with the students and is always eager to help out. He is a professor you can look up to.
5.0 : Dr. Wurthman is an inspiring professor who takes his time to guide you if you show interest. The class is capstone class so definitely expect a higher than average work load between cases, presentations, quizzes and extra reading. He is very smart and outgoing, those who complain about him are slackers. Had a great experience!
5.0 : Very knowledgeable professor. Is easily available during office hours and by email. Extremely quick to respond. The class itself is very work heavy and time consuming. Not an easy class, but if you value the professor and learn from him, you can succeed in the BSG and assignments. Reading is a must in order to be successful in the class.
4.0 : Dr. Wurthmann is a great professor. This is a capstone course so expect a lot of work. The class is not easy at all. Dr. Wurthmann is extremely intelligent and truly knows what he's talking about. Lots of group work so try to team up with people you know and trust. He helps as much as he can and will give individual attention if you ask him.
5.0 : It was pretty hard. She didn't really help.
5.0 : Overall this was a great semester. Ms. Carr explained each writing assignment thoroughly.  She continuously kept us engaged with her amazing sense of humor. After all though many jokes, I'm confident enough to say I'm leaving this semester with confidence in my writing.
5.0 : She is a great professor.
5.0 : Ms. Carr is a great professor with an awesome personality.  It is an 8 week online course, so it can seem very fast-paced. Discussion and interaction with other students are required. She's a tough grader but it puts one in the right direction for future assignments. There is A LOT of extra credit and in the end works out to one's benefit.
5.0 : I love the fact that Professor Carr makes you have a better understanding about literature. On  the other hand she is a very tough grader, who makes you work for that A or B in her course. She gives ALOT of extra extra credit, but be prepare to open your mind to writing papers,and giving your all in her course in order to success. Best of luck.
5.0 : Fantastic professor. Clear cut syllabus as to what is expected of you every week. Do the work and come to class. Very inspirational and well educated professor that most importantly cares about her students!
5.0 : I wish we did something else to keep up with the process instead of google docs.
5.0 : Loved the book at all levels  Great feedback  Keep the extra credits  Keep the group assignments (peer reviews)  Don't change your grading rub-brick  Keep your videos and all of the materials provided for class  Great class experience, I was afraid at the beginning, but you changed my thinking about writing. PLEASE keep being yourself, you ROCK!
5.0 : I liked how many assignments we had, but also how they fed into one another to make the final paper much easier and we were already prepared.  However, I wish there was more one on one time with the professor to work on our own specific writing rather than most of the feedback coming from other students.
1.0 : Not the usual help that most professors give. Doesn't given clear enough instructions
5.0 : Supper cool teacher glad I had taken this class, she is very up beat and after a long day at work it was great.
5.0 : She is a great professor. Always available and willing to help you. You really learn a lot in her class and if you study and attend all her classes you will do fine.
5.0 : her way of presenting the materials are good. she can make you understand hard things. but, there are many assignments. the book she used is useless.
5.0 : I would take her again and again, until I finish.
5.0 : Shes a great teacher and she is very understanding and fexible she should not change anything  about that the only thing I feel needs to be changed is that we did not use the book, that was a waste of my money.
4.0 : she is such a nice professor. she gives kind of more assignments. but the good thing that if you study you will get an A easily.
5.0 : The professor is really helpful; you get a lot of time to write papers and to submit projects in general. Attendance is not necessarily mandatory, but you do get credit for showing up. I recommend taking her if you do not feel comfortable writing, you will get tons of feedback and time to improve.
5.0 : I liked the Professor, she was really nice and always willing to help and explain any question we had. She gave good examples while explaining each topic and also gave us chance to get extra credits doing any other activity. .
5.0 : She is an amazing teacher, she gives excellent feed back. She really cares and makes sure you understand each assignment.
5.0 : GREAT teacher. She's understanding, caring, definitely wants you to do well. She gives you a chance to get extra credit in pretty much every assignment. She tries to make the class fun and lively by cracking jokes. She shows videos to help you understand better so that its not a boring lecture. She's honestly amazing. Wish she taught 1500 in fall
4.5 : Ms. Carr is a great professor. Sometimes it takes her a little long to reply to emails but when she does, she is very helpful and explains every assignment very clear. she also likes giving little assignments for extra credit. Would definitely take another class with her.
5.0 : Ms. Carr is by far the best professor I had in my life. She's so much fun to have in class and it motivates me to complete my assignments as soon as possible. I consider her very helpful with all my assignment and leaves great feedback. She also has a lot of time to spare with her students and she creates a one-on-one connection.
4.0 : Awesome teacher.
3.5 : Ms. Carr is a very interesting teacher, with a more straight forward class that is both easy to take and understand.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. (:
5.0 : I would like to give to Ms. Carr the highest rating. She was very helpful. The information that she provided during the class was excellent, I was able to learn a lot, among the things that I noticed in my self  is that my writing skills were tremendously improved this semester. She motivates us to reach our goals with a great support.
4.5 : Great teacher, explains everything well and gives extra credit. all you have to do is show up and you will pass.
5.0 : Ms. Carr will be your BEST professor all semester. Don't miss out you better pick her class quick. It fills up fast.
5.0 : Ms. Carr is a great professor, she really cares for her students, she really gives opportunities to build up your grade and do well in her class, I had an unexpected family situation and my grades was down the hill because I was very depress and thanks to Ms. Carr I was able to stand up and re-do some of my work, best prof. ever, Don't change Carr
3.0 : Professor Carr is a very good teacher. However, I wouldn't recommend taking her if you're not planning on working hard to get a good grade.  LITR 2020 was a nice class to take, however, like I said, you've got to put a lot of effort into it in order to do well.
4.0 : Professor Carr really cares about students. She is willing to help and gives plenty of opportunity for extra credit, but get ready for some serious reading and lots of work. I will definitely take her again.
4.0 : If you do not like a lot of work then do not take this class. It is hard and time consuming. She is a tough grader but she tries to level it out by giving you extra credit which can really save your life. Over all not a bad class!
5.0 : Ms. Carr is a great teacher- lots of room for extra credit. Basically, if you just do your work and show effort, you'll most likely get an A or a B. I did this class online in half the time, so there was lots of work but it was to be expected. Just read the book and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Mellissa Carr is one of the most encouraging Professors i have ever had. I appreciated how she was always checking in on us every week even though it was an online class; she was very involved. And her feedback is very helpful. It is a lot of reading and work in a short time, so be prepared. Extra credit comes if you do what you're supposed to.
4.0 : Great at helping students with more opportunities to improve grade.
3.0 : If you're not good at literature I recommend taking Professor Carr's class as there are many chances to get extra credit. However, she is a tough grader and sometimes her work isn't as specific so I do recommend asking as many questions as possible. Overall though, it's a great online course to take, just be ready to read and write a lot.
3.0 : Please, please read the syllabus, everything you need is on there. Yes, you need the book for this online class. Every week you will have homework and discussions assigned, at times its a lot .  Team up with someone in the class cause sometimes she isn't the best at explaining things. Extremely difficult at grading.
4.0 : Under the circumstances that it was an 8 week class, it is indeed a lot of work. Professor is willing to help students, sends out check-in messages, fairly quick to respond to emails. Professor is very specific and a tough grader. Setup of the class allows students to be organized and stay on task. Weekly if not daily participation is required.
4.0 : This class was extremely challenging. The syllabus was a bit unclear. Tough grader, with little feedback.
5.0 : Professor Carr is one of the most helpful Professors at NSU. She motivates students to do better . She provides excellent feedback and responds in a timely manner. Very helpful and very pleasant.
5.0 : I love how class was really lose and we had a chance to truly voice our opinion. If we believed it we can say it. There is nothing she should change about the course i took!
5.0 : There isn't that much homework, and if there is, it's for you to use in your future papers that you have to write. I only had to write three papers for this class, which isn't a lot but that also means that you have to write them well. She does give lots of extra credit, especially for turning your work in early.
5.0 : Very nice teacher, helped me with an important assignment i forgot to submit on time. )
4.0 : chill teacher, doesn't give much homework but expects you to do it when given. Her lectures are important!
5.0 : She really makes the class interesting. Take her , she's patient and will take her time to explain stuff to you.
5.0 : If you do everything she says to do then you will be fine and will get an A.
5.0 : the best professor I have had. It is fun to go to class and she is fair with grades. If you do the work (which is not much) you'll get a good grade!
5.0 : Very understanding. At first, I thought she was too active and speechless. So I was not sure if I could handle the class. As class went on, I started enjoying the professor. However, sometimes, I did not understand the assignments, but she is cool if you ask her to explain it more. Would take her again for sure!
4.5 : Professor Carr was great - a very clear grader and is extremely helpful when you need it.
5.0 : She is a great teacher, respects students, and gives reasonable amount of homework.
5.0 : Mellissa Carr is amazing! She is very understanding, an absolute riot in class and will NOT let you fail. Do. The. Freaking. Assignments. EVERYTHING is a completion grade. Do the work. Get an A.
5.0 : This professor was amazing beyond all levels. I was a little skeptical on taking this professor because I did not find any reviews prior to taking the class on her. But, I took a leap on faith and it was GREAT. You will have to read a good amount but if you read you will do well in the classes. Assignments are pretty straight forward. Easy A!
4.0 : Don't skip you won't pass.
3.0 : Professor Carr is very funny but also insistent on how her class be taken. It is a "process" heavy course, so you have to do all the steps.
4.5 : Highly recommend taking her if you're needing to take Business Writing WRIT 3150. She will work with you to help you obtain the highest grade possible and is always available via email.
5.0 : Her class was one of my favorites this semester!  Her assignments were very reasonable, and she was always giving extra credit! She gave very good feedback, and was always quick to answer questions. If I have the chance to, I will definitely be taking her again, and I would recommend her to everyone!
4.0 : If you do what you are supposed to do, your grade will be good.
5.0 : i dislike structured writing but the teacher was awesome, that is the only reason this course was manageable. loved the presentations hated the papers. her teaching method was sound and despite the difficulty of the subject she was very understanding and supportive.
3.0 : She loves giving students an opportunity for extra credit. Completing this review counts as extra credit. Be sure to buy or rent the required book. It will be used for weekly homework assignments. She's super cheerful and loves laughing.
4.0 : This professor wants students to do their best and is very understanding of the stress many students are trying to deal with. They will encourage you to think for yourself and find a topic that allows you to do so. If you can't make it to office hours, go to the comp fellows. It's also extra credit if you meet with the fellow.
5.0 : A fantastic professor that helped me get better at writing assignments.
5.0 : Really an excellent professor, she is very willing to help the students. She always went to classes in a great mood. If you do all the work following her instructions, together with her collaboration, it should not be difficult getting a good grade.  If I could take her again in other class I will definitely go for it with out thinking it twice.
4.0 : Ian is an L.A, not a professor, but he is very helpful in labs and really knows his stuff. If you could choose classes based on LA's I would pick his class every time.  He makes learning more enjoyable (based on his teaching methods and the videos he shows).
4.0 : This professor is the best professor I have ever had. You will use pretty much use everything he teaches in class in your everyday work life. I enjoyed his class very much and I will be taking him again if I had the opportunity.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable professor.  He has years of experience in consulting and shares real life experiences relatable to class topic.  His class is extremely interesting.  He engages his students and makes a 4 hour class feel like 1 hour.  I highly recommend this professor.  I wish he was teaching all of the MBA courses I have to take. He's amazing.
5.0 : Very nice professor! Makes the class not boring. Awesome class!!!
4.0 : Prof. Arlene is great. I learnt a lot from her class. Very organized. Highly recommend her.
4.5 : Great teacher, no ego to speak of! Work hard and you'll get what you're supposed to get. No kissing arse required.  Very interesting, really knows her stuff.  Very up-to-date and useful. Read all articles, chapters and PowerPoints for final!!
4.5 : Dr. Bess is one of the best professors at NSU. Be prepared to read and write, his assignments are very long, but it helps to make sure that we understood the subject. He is available and likes to share. I would definitely enjoy having classes with him again.
4.0 : He love to talk about business ethics and mediation
5.0 : Dr. Richardi was a really good professor.  She went over her slides in detail and always gave extremely helpful study guides.  However, she is not quick in grading assignments, which at times can be frustrating.  Although this is true, I would definitely take her again and absolutely loved the class!
4.5 : Dr. Richardi is AWESOME! I highly recommend taking her for any class she teaches. She is always willing to help if you need it and she gives extra credit on her midterm and final.
5.0 : Professor Richardis' class was one of the toughest courses I have taken, however I learned such an incredible amount and finished the course with a high level of understanding. If you are willing to put in the effort and go to class  it is completely worth it! I would defiantly take another course with her!
4.0 : Has very clear expectations: takes attendance, group projects, a few papers and crazy about APA style. If you follow his study guide, do all the work and read through the grading rubric, you should not get an A! He integrates current issues in his lectures and is very responsive to emails. Very engaged and great teacher.
5.0 : Very organized and grades extremely fast. Available at all times, very proffessional.
1.0 : This professor grades harsh. Most of the papers you will write will be a part of a group. He is a stickler on APA, so make sure that you are prepared. He is the only professor that I have had that requires to post to "TWO DIFFERENT" posts per week and you have to post to 2 students on different days. That's 6 posts of pure ridiculousness! Terrible!
4.0 : Nice guy, but he's new to teaching. Long lectures and one big group project, their were group activities every class that were usually pretty interesting. Gives extra credit, shows a lot of ted talks that are then asked about on the tests. Overall the class was ok and I would take him again
2.0 : this guy as no insight took over week to address us by email does not, correspond with student , hey a good teacher should be able to reach out student reminding them of assignment and classes that are due, not all student are children or young adults there  are those of who just want to go little higher for one whose subject is base on altruism
4.0 : Interactive class, extensive material, knowledgeable professor, plenty interesting assignments.
4.0 : Good professor!
5.0 : The professor is great. He emphasizes on APA. he will give you some solid feedback and available when needed. he makes his class very interesting.  I learned APA through him. I recommend him and I will take him again.
5.0 : This professor is great. Has a modern style of teaching and he is constantly challenging you intellectually. The way he approaches the class is by having students engage with one another. He believes that we should all learn from one another. You can tell he has a passion for teaching and that he wants you to learn. He is tough but very fair.
5.0 : You will def. be more knowledgeable.  He provides with great feedback.
5.0 : Good teacher. He is obsess with APA which I learned through him. Very respectful. I will suggest not to take another class while taking him. You will pass but he makes you work for it. he is available before, after class and by e-mail. I will take him again. Good job Mr. APA
5.0 : Dr. Zoller thus far has been the only online professor that has been so attentive, supportive, great communicator, and responded to all emails with lightning speed. I have learned so many techniques, skills, and information that I will definitely use in my every day life.  Best online prof! Highly recommend!!
4.0 : Good Professor, you will leave the class knowing a lot more about how to run successful organizations and work with people.  Expect to do work though there is one group project and weekly discussions.  He is strict on APA format but if you do all of your work and participate in the discussions you will do very well in the class.
4.0 : Great Professor but way too much group work. I really enjoyed this class and the content. Be prepared to work in a group for the majority of the assignments.
4.0 : Great professor! I will definitely take him again if he taught another class. Lots of group work and lots of APA. Work hard and you'll get an A.
4.0 : Love the fact that he makes class entertaining while teaching. I mean when was the last time you actually enjoyed going to research class? He made power point lectures informative and engaging... My only concern was the paper which in my opinion, the requirements were disorganized and confusing. Other than that, everything was smooth sailing
5.0 : Professor Hoyte is a good teacher as he cares about the students and helps us understand the subject of Statistics. He knows the subject well and gives us opportunities for extra credit points. Attendance is mandatory as it is part of your grade. I definitely would recommend to take this class by itself. Overall, he is a nice person and humorous.
4.5 : Very good professor. He cares about his students and is very engaging. The quizzes are a little tricky and the group  projects are challenging. However, he's always available to assist.
5.0 : Good class. He's kind of spicy.
4.0 : Read the text book before lectures, and must take notes of what she says. Her power points are put online. She does have an accent but not hard to adjust. 4 main tests. one field trip for extra credit very fun! Test include m.c. 3 short answer and 1 essay. Essays are where points are mainly added to your score. Great professor, not easy!
5.0 : She's a good professor. You will actually learn the proper way to communicate in business after this class. Group project is fun. She was harsh at first but just to show you that in business you have to be accurate. Great professor!
5.0 : There are only two tests, the midterm and the final exam. His lectures are very clear and he has interesting stories. He arrives to class one hour before to assist you with any problems. Homework is online and there are no major papers due. Excellent professor, would definitely take him in the future for any other course!
4.5 : He brings life experience to the classroom. Arrives early and answers questions (even before midterm/final). Makes his own presentations and updates them before each class. Really cares about student learning and pushes for everyone to understand each concept.
4.5 : Professor Cano understands that beginners aren't going to know how to play guitar right away and is patient in teaching. He expects all of the class to be able to play together (in unison) by the time the final comes. He mainly grades based on improvement, with a little focus on accuracy. One of the best professors I've had.
5.0 : It was a privilege to take Mr. Cano's beginning guitar class and to continue working with him over the years. I'm truly proud of how far I've come. He is extraordinarily helpful, kind, and patient- all necessary to learn to play an instrument. He will push you out of your comfort zone to turn you into a better player. A great asset to the school.
4.5 : Dr. Erolin is an amazing professor! She can be a little picky but she is clear on what she expects and she does explain concepts and terms clearly so you can understand the material. She is always ready to help you out if you ask! She is such a sweet person and so encouraging as well! Take her, you won't regret it!
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR I HAD YET, TOOK HIM THREE TIMES ALREADY!  HE LISTENS AND UNDERSTANDS THAT OUTSIDE OF SCHOOL YOU DO HAVE A LIFE. WISH HE TAUGHT MORE SECTIONS. HIS CLASSES ARE ALWAYS FULL, BECAUSE HE'S THE BEST! GLAD IM GOING IN THE LEGAL ROUTE. WILL SEE HIM SOON
3.0 : Quizzes are exact to the book, however, all of his questions are "Indicate all that apply," so if you miss one, you get the entire question wrong. Would not take his class again. He rarely answers emails, and he has spelling errors on the quizzes that mess with your mind. For ex., he means to spell symptoms, but instead on the quiz it says system.
5.0 : Great Teacher
5.0 : Provides you with lots of resources to be successful.
5.0 : GREAT PROFESSOR AND GREAT CLASS!!
2.0 : organic chemistry is not an easy course, no matter who you have you will have to study a lot. But this professor didn't make it any easier. He expects to know a lot, and if you don't, well get ready to be ridiculed. His grading is also inconsistent. Just overall not helpful at all.
4.0 : Good professor. He was very helpful and made sure to explain if the class didn't understand. He definitely knew if you didn't attend that class.
5.0 : Organic Chemistry is a challenged class, however, professor Suwal is amazing in terms of lecture, study materials and inspiration. He will make his best so that you can learn and do well in the class.
5.0 : Organic 1 is a known as a hard class and sometimes challenging. The best professor you can take is  professor Suwal. Very dynamic, very interesting and interactive classes. Actually , you have to study, read the power points and the book, pay attention to the information he highlights during class and you will pass very easily with an A.
5.0 : I am really happy that  I took org chem with Dr. Suwal. He made my org chemistry foundation excellent. He is very caring and understands student's situation. Following his guidance, I am able score high in MCAT, besides org 2. Thank you Dr. Suwal.
4.0 : Dr. Suwal is a great Orgo professor! You have to go to the lectures and pay attention because he tells you some of the questions that will be on the test. His practice exams are very similar to his actual exam so make sure to that them. Dr. Suwal is really fair and will try to give you as many points as he can to help you out. Definitely take him!
4.0 : Dr. Suwal is a solid organic professor and gives you a good basis of organic chemsitry, however majority of his exams come straight from his practice test. If you want an easy B I would take him. Each exam he has 5-15 EC points and he curves at the end of the semester! Recommend if you aren't trying to ace the mcat/ACS/DAT/OAT.
5.0 : Prof. Suwal is an excellent organic chemistry professor. Classes are interactive and friendly. I learnt a lot from this class. Classes were in the evening and long hours. Overall I highly recommend others take this course with Prof. Suwal.
5.0 : Prof. Torrent is an excellent addition to the Entrepreneurship program / MBA at NSU. The class material is easily digestible and adds many finance skills that students can practice and master by the time the course is over. The guest speakers are nothing less than impeccable and really add the "real-world MBA" feel to the course. Take this class!!
5.0 : Absolutely fantastic easy A, remember to read your chapters and do your work positive feedback when I had to correct an assignment love her
5.0 : You can only miss a certain amount of classes before it will affect your grade but she understands things do happen in life. She's very enthusiastic about her teaching and is very helpful if you don't understand something. If you take good notes in class and read the assigned stories the tests are very easy.
5.0 : Dr. Farrar is a darling professor and such an eloquent speaker. Discussions in class really help open up the floor for any Q's you might have and she tells you what is important about the text if you miss it. Papers are totally doable. Great one on one. Exams are daunting but follow the study guide and you'll be golden. Plan on taking her again! :)
5.0 : Dr. Morris is awesome! She is sweet and caring. The only major assignment you have on the course is a research paper due at the end, but she makes it so easy to write because she splits up the essay in parts and grade them periodically so at the end you just have to put them all together. I really liked her! Easy class
5.0 : I enjoy how open Dr.  Morris is. She would always be so willing to read my papers and give feedback. Before every paper is due, we did peer reviewing to get feedback from the class and her (so you wont be stuck doing it the day before) If you listen to her feedback, you should do great. She is a great person and I would recommend her. Not too hard
5.0 : Professor Talamo is so sweet. She also works at Broward and Miami Dade College-She allows one absence. If you miss class you might feel behind next time you have class. I really enjoy this class. I just wish she could have more one on one time with us. Also, ballet terms are in French so I don't even know what the terms are- semester is almost done
5.0 : Professor Katz is my favorite professor I've had in college she seems to genuinely care about her students and all of the work she does assign has a purpose. She's understanding about any problems that may arise and will work with you on anything she can. If you go to class and do the work you should have no problems with her class.
5.0 : I love Professor Katz! She's super nice and so encouraging. There is nothing better than an English professor who picks out the good while also giving constructive criticisms. She never made me feel dumb even if my paper was really bad. She gives plenty of time to finish your papers and lots of opportunities to get feedback.
5.0 : Very good professor who can accommodate students
5.0 : Good professor
5.0 : Dr. Perez is so sweet &amp; understanding. As long as you keep her in the loop about what is going on, (late to class, missed assignment, etc.) she is fine. &amp; she makes her class pretty interesting. I took it online, but the lectures were still beneficial. She also tells a lot of jokes.
4.0 : He is great!
5.0 : The lectures are a bit boring but, you get to do a lot of practicals and learn skills you can actually use.
5.0 : She really knows the material she's teaching. She gives numerous real life experiences she has encountered and is willing to work with you individually outside of the classroom if you're struggling on a topic. She deducts 1% off your final grade for every unexcused absence so do not skip. Go into class ready to take notes and read the chapter ahead
5.0 : Very good teacher, she knows her stuff. She grades fast and gives back feedback.
2.0 : Parrish does not know about health and fitness (ATTR 1400). She is not qualified for the class. The class itself is easy, lots of pointless projects and assignments. However, it is not an easy A or an A at all because of the challenging and tricky tests. She doesn't teach the info on the tests, and will not curve when the class avg is a 70.
2.0 : He was sooo easy! We barely did anything! I'm taking him for Comp2000 next semester! Super easy A!
5.0 : Dr. Macia was excellent! I really enjoyed his class. His projects were straight forward and not tedious to complete. I will miss his class, it was actually fun and I learned a lot. He cares about his students and genuinely wants you to develop your writing ability. Would gladly take his class again!
5.0 : The class mostly consists of individual work on the assignments: a rhetorical analysis of 2 articles, a presentation, &amp; a research paper. However, Macia is always willing to give feedback &amp; advice to improve your writing. He refers to the book occasionally but it is not required. He often goes on tangents but you'll enjoy his stories and anecdotes.
4.0 : Macia is super nice and an easy A. He gives out really easy projects and papers so if you take his class you are guaranteed a good grade.
5.0 : This was my favorite class I have taken so far. The assignments took some time to do, but you really learn a lot. Easy-A! Great Professor!
5.0 : Excellent professor!
4.0 : Dr. Baylor is a very good professor. He cares about his students, he does everything he can to make sure you're successful, and wants you to learn. You do have to put in the effort. Dr. Baylor provides great feedback and he's always available for questions. You will not be disappointed, and I would definitely recommend him.
5.0 : Dr. Hecht is easily my favorite professor thus far. He is easy to talk to and is always up for discussion after class. He's quietly funny in class and always gives great feedback. He wants you to go above and beyond and always pushes you to do your best work. Show participation and deep thought and you will do well.
5.0 : Professor Hecht is my favorite professor to date. He was such a kind guy, very accessible to his students and made sure you fully understood what was expected of you in his class. He really goes out of his way to help his students do well in his class by providing guidelines for the tougher assignments. I wholeheartedly recommend this professor.
5.0 : He is very patient and explains things even for his online class. He records lectures so you can listen to it if you missed an online attendance.
4.0 : Most of the questions were easy in the quizzes! But a few of his tests are really bad! Very difficult to score 100 in the tests!
4.0 : Gives good feedback when you ask questions. There are weekly quizzes, midterm, and final. All material to perform well is located in the book and the PPTs provided. Study them and do the practice exercises and you will do fine. Material can be tough if you are a returning student that hasn't done math in awhile. But he is great when you need help.
3.0 : The homework is easy. Do it, it adds up. There are quizzes every week with lock down browsers. First half is hard and so is the midterm but he lets you retake it.. final is ok. Lectures are extremely helpful and he is alwasy open for office hours. responds to emails fast. he is okay...
5.0 : Dr. Figueiredo was an excellent choice! He is very knowledgeable of his field and listens to his students feedback. He went above and beyond to help us learn the material and gave multiple opportunities to help with grades (formula sheets on exams, extra possible points and quiz attempts). Material is dense but he is always there for his students!
5.0 : Dr. Figueiredo is knowledgeable, I wish he could teach some other courses. He cares and listens to students. If you really want to learn I suggest you choose this professor. He makes sure everybody understands the topics and he will make sure the class stay focus. He is very organized and punctual  professor.
5.0 : Great Professor! Loved his class and the practical examples he gives in class with respect to finance/accounting.
4.0 : She is very nice and flexible with her students. She really wants her students to succeed. Her tests are straightforward as long as you know the material. Very fair teacher.
5.0 : Dr. Williams is indeed a real gem! This is her first time teaching, and I can say that she really wants her students to do well. She is always ready to answer any questions and is always ready to help her students in any way that she can. Her lectures are consisted of lots of information, but they will be very useful for those pursuing medicine!
4.0 : This class is a lot of work. One short paper, a 10 page paper, a powerpoint project, weekly discussions, and the final, we only had 3 online lectures. However, the work is doable and she is a fair grader, if you do the readings you will be fine. She is nice and I recommend her, just be ready to write!
4.0 : Good class, really enjoued it and the prof.
5.0 : She is very knowledgeable, respectful, kind, highly organized, and you will learn a lot. She is a real gem to the program and university. (a breath of fresh air)
5.0 : She is very knowledgeable, respectful, kind, and gives you everything you will need for exam on the ppts. She is a foreigner, a bit of an accent, goes a bit slow, but is very sweet. She is a stutterer, but it rarely gets unmanageable. No mid term, final exam is open and can work on it for days!!
4.0 : Dr. Doeringer is a person who truly cares about his students. He will do anything he can to assist you in class. Participation and class attendance is extremely important to him. Assignments are not hard and he will definitely make you think critically while working.
5.0 : Dr. Doeringer is one of NSU's finest. Caring, kind, and understanding. Clear expectations. Accessible outside of class. Amazing. Assignments are simple and to the point. Plays nice music during class. 100% recommend.
5.0 : I took State and Local tax with this professor and he was great! The class was really interesting. Hes great at breaking it down and making it relatable. He asks for feed back and is happy to teach about what the class is interested in! He gives a take home exam that is very fair! Overall great professor and one of my favorite classes!
5.0 : Better hope you like manatees and narwhals, because that's what you're going to get with some beaked whales thrown into the mix. Overall, fun class!
5.0 : I was so happy that I took this course. The Professor was engaging and insightful. He challenged us to read the text and most of all he participated in our discussions which provided good guidance in better understanding the course material. He was very accessible and answered my emails within 24 hours (unlike many I encountered). Take the class!
5.0 : Very Good Professor.
5.0 : Professor Reid is an amazing professor! His class is very informative and he gives you opportunities to get an A in his course. His feedback on discussion postings are very helpful to us and allowed everyone to gain a greater understanding. I would definitely take many other courses with him. He answers emails regularly. Take his course!
5.0 : Class is very straightforward. Your work in the class will reflect the grade you will receive.  Highly recommend !!
4.0 : Lots of extra credit. Tries her best to answer all questions. No multiple choice tests. Willing to extend deadlines for homework. Limited office hours but good with replying to emails. Overall a solid choice for gen chem 1. Also buy ACS study book early.
5.0 : Baptiste is a great choice for GenChem 1. She is very simple in what she wants. Attendance only on lab days required. She is a -great- lab professor as she does not grade labs harshly at all and is extremely lenient. She will extend any deadline. Chem isn't easy so don't expect an A handed to you, but she's one of your best choices at NSU.
5.0 : Professor Oren is a great teacher. I had her online, but it was like you were in class. She is always willing to help, she is just an email away. I liked her discussion posts as it got the class engaged. Her grading is sometimes confusing as one week you'd get a 100 on an assignment and the next week youd get a 90 on an almost identical assignment.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've had here at Nova. Not only is he caring but he goes out of his way to help his students. He gives weekly assignments, a midterm, and a final. All are fairly easy as long as you pay attention in class.
5.0 : Prof. Sanchez is a great guy! He respects his students and it shows in the way he conducts his classes. He takes attendance but understands that we have other things going on and can't always make it. Classes were 2 hours and he gave us a 10 min break in the middle. PPT lectures, and Connect for homework, quizzes, midterm and final. Def recommend.
5.0 : Professor Malenfant is an amazing teacher. He gives great feedback on assignments and is always willing to help improve your writing. Just do the work and you will get an A easy. His rubrics are clear you should have no problems and if you do just ask, he would be more than happy to help.
5.0 : He is such an amazing teacher and always willing to help. He definitely uses the textbook so make sure to get it and make sure its up to date. He gives a lot of busy work, but its not hard at all and the writing assignments are considerably easy. He does a lot of peer review with your essays, so do be prepared for that. Overall he is amazing!
5.0 : He follows the syllabus thoroughly. Mostly in-class work. If you go to the writing center and work on your essays you will do well. Attendance is mandatory and you can only have 2 unexcused absences. He rarely gives homework. Class is easy as long as you do the 3 papers and classworks. Everything is on blackboard.
5.0 : Great professor, I loved her class so much that I'm taking her again for Spanish next semester. She's very understanding and encouraging. As long as you show up for class and turn in the online homework on time, you'll pass. Great class to take for a Humanities credit or if you're genuinely interested in Spanish.
5.0 : Amazing professor!!! Provides great feedback. Available for questions  anytime. Easy  but consistent work-Discussion questions each week, mid term &amp; final exams, 2 case studies, and a group project. Grades assignments fast.... I would recommend anyone to take her!! Wish she could teach all my classes at Nova!
5.0 : Dr. Rippe' is a great professor!! She provides detail feedback and she's is available if you have any questions. Chatting with your group members are very important in this class. Keeps gradebook updated. Assignments - Discussion questions every week, group project, mid term exam and final exam. I would recommend to take a class with Dr. Rippe'.
5.0 : OMG!!!! Perfect professor!!! Dr. Rippe' is great!!!! Class is easy, discussion questions, group assignment, mid term and final exam.. Easy A!!!!
5.0 : Dr. Yin is the greatest professor I have had in a while.  He is very good at helping you understand forecasting and optimization.  He is clear about his grading but the online quizzes are very tricky.  Make sure you take Dr. Yin if you want the class environment to be a fun learning experience.  This professor is also very very funny.  I loved it.
4.0 : Dr. Barczyk is a great professor. He gives good feedback on assignments and grades fairly. One group case project, follow APA and you will do fine. Midterm and Final are easy if you read the PPTs and watch the videos provided. Weekly discussion posts that count for grades, so make sure you participate or you won't pass. He offers help when needed.
5.0 : She is seriously amazing! Easy A. Do the homework and you will be fine, she makes it interesting and everything is simple.
5.0 : Tests are a comb. of MC, true or false, essay, and short answer. If you study and actually try and pay attention  in the class youll get an A. Shes an amazing, very nice and approachable  professor!
5.0 : Great professor! Participation is key.
5.0 : Professor Camargo was great. Took her for International Business in Fall'16 and she had a lot of real world experience that added to the class. Classes were powerpoint lectures and short videos, with some group activities. Never used textbook and no homework. Easy weekly quizzes, midterm, and final. One group paper. An A takes minimal effort.
5.0 : I'm glad to have taken Professor Camargo for INB5827. She's a good professor and very intelligent. If I were to get another chance to take her for another class, I would take her again. I would recommend her if you get a chance to take her. Just do the work, turn it in on time and you're going to be fine.
4.0 : One of the better courses I have had the pleasure of taken here at NOVA. Great all around course. Although a lot, you get a good variety of work. But the variety is interesting and keeps things moving through the semester. Enjoy!
5.0 : One of the best instructors i've ever had. Dr. Khan makes it extremely easy to comprehend the content. She works slow, and presents the material in a manner that makes sense. There is quiz once a week which reflects on the subjects taught in class, &amp; there's homework assigned online after every lecture that helps you understand what was covered.
4.0 : Great professor. Understands the students.
5.0 : Dr. Paro is a sincere dedicated professor. Unlike most professors, there is a real person standing in front of you. It appears that she very much wants her students to learn the material and presents with such enthusiasm about our future profession that it is a profound motivator. If U want to slide by go to Burger King for a career.
