5.0 : If you write down everything he says in class and memorize it, you will get an A. Pretty easy for a GE. TAKE GOOD NOTES.
5.0 : Professor Reilly is one of the best professors that I have ever taken.  Prof Reilly made the lecture so interesting that I never missed one class.  As long as you go to the class and take good notes, you will pass the class and get good grades. There are weekly assignments but not hard. Just take note and it's an easy A!
5.0 : Weekly assignments and 3 tests. Really cool class. Made some dry material very interesting. He's humorous, kind, and teaches his class as if it were a show and he's the host. Organizes lectures very well and makes for good note taking. Gives a comprehensive study guide for each test. In lieu of your HW, you can go on fieldtrips.
4.0 : Basically just memorize things he said in class and do the assignment. He is not a harsh grader on writing assignments. Very nice person and know a lot about Chinese history. Not biased. Take his classes.
5.0 : Dude's the man. I normally don't go out of my way to rate professors unless theyre reeally bad or reallyy good. And Sexton's one of the better professors at Pepperdine for sure. Just don't blow off studying for any of the tests cuz you'll wanna put this class on the backburner but if you do it'll add alot of unneeded stress for the final.
2.5 : don't take it at 8 am, you need time to devote yourself to the class and to do all the homework assignments and you will need the textbook to basically teach yourself. If you are not big on economics or math, and you're not willing to put a whole lot of time in to do HELLA homework then you should save yourself the trouble.
2.5 : His lectures are very fast and hard to follow. NOTE: DO NOT RELY ON THE FINAL! He will tempt you with the fact that you can take the grade on your final and make it your grade in the class plus aplia, but the final is WAY harder than the rest of the tests. Do your best on the other 3 tests and don't leave the aplia for the last second.
4.5 : Pretty good
3.5 : Sexton is an incredible teacher. I was dreading taking ECON in the summer, but he makes it enjoyable and easy to pay attention to. His charisma and jokes, the usual video clip to help you remember the material are very helpful when dreading this GE. The test aren't too difficult, but studying is required.
3.5 : Sexton is the bomb. He makes econ waaaay more bearable than I thought it would be. Reading before the classes helps a lot while he's explaining. Take notes and read to help with the aplia assignments. He's an extremely understanding professor and helps keep it interesting and memorable.
3.0 : Somewhat funny, lectures are easy since they're based on the book. Make sure you pay attention to the graphs. Might tease you lightly if you show up late.
1.0 : The professor needs to reevaluate his expectations for Pepperdine students' sanity. ECON 200 is the worst course I have ever taken and deciding to take it was the worst academic decision I have ever made in my life.
3.0 : Dr. Bob is one of the most hilariously entertaining professors I've ever had, but at the same time he's an incredibly demanding professor and takes economics very seriously. His approach is essentially the epitome of "work hard, play hard." My biggest issue with ECON 416 was that the final counted for 80% of your grade (yes, you read that right)...
5.0 : LOVE Sexton!! This class is impossible to fail! He gave us huuuge curves (eventhough not as huge as the class last year). Some people might say that his exams are hard but I think this is cause his exams are only about 33 questions so you only can miss about 6 to get an A (considering he gave 10-14% curve). Also he never puts your grades on courses
4.0 : Dr. Sexton is a great professor. Reading the book is important to pass but the most important part is to DO THE APLIA. If you would not be catching up with your homework and procrastinate you would not get the desired grade. Do all the APLIA chapters before the tests on these chapters  and get an "A" in this class like I did.
3.5 : tough class, but a lot of opportunities for help. tests are hard and the aplia is practically self taught.
5.0 : Clear and concise, excellent at communicating a technical subject in a nontechnical way. I doubt a more entertaining stats class exists. Bob is highly supportive of students on an individual basis, however values your time and never assigns the entire class an inane amount of busy-work.
5.0 : Make sure you put in the work! The project takes awhile so get started early. Best Econ professor at pepperdine. They should give him a RAISE!!!! Always gets to the point and cuts class short if the material is taught. Great Guy and can go to him for everything. He will even make your schedule for you
2.5 : He's ok, but he's well past his prime.  Very, very arrogant and nauseatingly egotistical.
5.0 : Dr. Caldwell was a standout during my years at Pepperdine.  I took him after spending a year in Heidelberg and was so glad I did.  The he man KNOWS international relations and his lectures are packed with illuminating information, they actually make you feel like you understand the complexities of the modern world.  You NEED to take his class.
3.5 : Probably the hardest exams I've taken yet. There are only two exams in the semester, so it is basically everything that you have learned up to that point. Get ready for long nights and I would suggest you REALLY read the text. He ask's questions about things that were mentioned in chap. 8 etc. VERY difficult course, but it was worth it.
5.0 : Great professor! Has a wealth of knowledge and experience. Is humble enough to admit when he doesn't know something. Tests are very reasonable and you actually learn in class.
5.0 : Dr Dan is an amazing teacher. You definitely have to put work in for this class but he makes it very doable. I would recommend him as a teacher to all who haven't taken 301 yet
4.5 : Dr. Dan's class is outstanding. Class is discussion based around readings from books he assigns.  Be Warned: There is a 2 page paper on the readings due each day when class starts.  (The papers are very easy, takes 40 mins max - ensures you do the reading, which saves your grade).  Tests are simple and straightforward.  One big project at the end.
4.5 : Dr. Dan is awesome! This is NOT an easy A. As in, you need to buy the books and do the reading in order to pass! There is a 2-page paper due with each reading assignment, and essays with a couple of movies. But you will learn SO much from him and he is super understanding of other commitments as long as you are honest with him! TAKE HIM!
4.5 : Brilliant man. Insanely difficult tests. ID's are just plain hard. Study Blue should really help if you take "GovPol of Dev. Countries". You will work for it but it is well worth it.
5.0 : Joel is one of the best professors in the Poli Sci division IMO. With a sense of humor drier than the Sahara, a unique ideology on teaching and an anarchist tinge to his politics his courses are dense, tests absurdly difficult and his lectures very filling. You get field trips, he grades heavy on a curve and I've never heard anyone actually fail.
2.5 : He is very smart and sweet. His outlines are organized, but the way he tests is unfair and does not help you actually learn anything important. You just have to know obscure details. I learned from him and would take him again if it weren't for the tests. He does curve though.
5.0 : test mission impossible
4.0 : Professor Fetzet is by far the best professor I have had during my time at Pepperdine. His class is so engaging and he cares so much about what he speaks of. Although there is no study guides for his class, and you pretty much have to know everything, I enjoy his class more than words can say. I  signed up for more classes because he is amazing.
3.5 : Fetzer is a very nice and intelligent guy (he can speak 5 languages!). This was the first time this class was taught. His midterm tested for some obscure terms, but after we gave feedback he improved on the final. You'll definitely learn from him if you put your mind to it.
4.0 : Joel is a ridiculously smart man and he shows passion for what he does in every lecture. He may come off as smug sometimes, but will help you out in the end. Just talk to him. Tests are impossible, ID's can be a one off thing he mentioned in passing worth points on a test, they're very hard. Lectures will take up 3-5 pages of notes a class.
4.0 : Not as much homework as expected, however classes are compacted with information spoken by professor. Very auditory, barely any visuals on notes. Lots of videos are shown to correlate to the topic discussed. Tests are not too difficult to take, however you must really know the common idea of lots different material.
5.0 : One of the best professors that I have taken at Pepperdine. Very smart and well informed. He is way too smart to teach at Pepperdine tbh. U need to take good notes in all of his classes, otherwise you will fail your test. Not condescending at all compared to the other professors at the polisci division, you are fee to ask any questions.
5.0 : Loved his field trip! Amazing and fascinating! He is also a very caring guy.
4.0 : This class is incredibly easy to pass. I never went to lecture and got a B in the class. There is plenty of cushion for your grade if you aren't a good test taker. I didn't use my book really either.
2.0 : The tests are not clear, the material is far too specific for an introductory Psychology class. If you value your GPA, steer clear! I am telling you, if you want an A in this class, you have to study like its the only goal in your life. The psychological inquire papers are good for a grade booster (All 4 papers add up to one test grade).
5.0 : He's an excellent professor.
5.0 : Great professor.  Super helpful and he is very caring.  You have a 20 question quiz every monday.  Read the book and give a 1-2 sentence summary for every paragraph.  For notes, make a quizlet and have everything from the lecture on it.  The lectures are short, most of my quizlets were under 30 terms
5.0 : Nice grader. PPT and notes are all available online. He wants you to concentrate on what he is talking about and understand his ideas in class instead of taking notes. Review notes and understand his ideas, you will be fine
4.0 : Dr. Highfield is extremely scholarly and wise - he's the kind of professor you want to take notes for bc he says such profound things that blow your mind. If you like philosophical, analytical and deep lectures, this is for you. I learnt and grew so much.
3.0 : his class isn't too demanding, you could self-teach and hardly show up and come out with a C. Now if that's not good enough for you, you'll want to read the chapters, KNOW THE CHAPTER VOCAB, and attend most classes, since there are things on the test that were ONLY talked about in his lectures.
5.0 : Easy A if you study. The multiple choice is actually easier than the written part. His Religion and Politics class is a bit more challenging though. Even though it is a large classroom, wait for everyone to leave and ask him questions or email him. I now know my political home thanks to his class. Whether you're Democrat, Republican, take his class
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had at Pepperdine. Soper actively engages students, answers any question possible, and makes the material interesting. All four tests are pretty difficult, but as long as you pay attention during his lectures, take the online quizzes, and review the given key terms, you will do fine!
3.5 : No work outside of class.  Extra credit offered.  Lowest test grade dropped. Curves tests.  Don't necessarily need to go to the lecture but I recommend it.  Funnycheesy guy. Use online resource on syllabus (great for tests). If you put in the effort you should easily get A-B range.
2.5 : Tests are not as easy as they seem.  You take the test and think that the questions weren't so difficult then get back your test score and realize it wasn't all common sense.  Make sure you read the textbook and pay attention in class.  Also utilize the online textbook.
3.0 : This was the easiest class ever. His lectures are just the readings regurgitated so you can get by with not going ever (he elaborates &amp; stresses what will be on the test though so just go). Plus, if you ditch you'll also miss "political minutes" which equates to like 4% in exam questions. Just read the textbook and the tests are a cake walk.
3.5 : Honestly hated politics til I took his poli sci class. He is extremely excited about what he is teaching which makes the lectures so much easier to pay attention to. tests generally stick to the lectures, hardly had to read the book, and he drops questions a lot of people miss. overall one of my favorite teachers this semester
3.0 : Gose is a great person who really likes to challenge the status quo and make his students think. However he is not for everyone. I had him twice, the first time I was really excited to be challenged, the second time I was just frustrated. I am double majoring in English and Philosophy and still could not understand his interpretations of the books.
5.0 : Best professor I have ever had in my life, period. One of the hardest, and most rewarding classes I took at Pepperdine - Gose has high standards, but is brilliant, invests in you, and... frankly, I miss him. Truly a great among greats. I am only now, writing this review 10 years after graduation, because I was thinking of his class and missed him!
3.5 : The best teacher I've ever had, his way of running this class the best way possible. Guaranteed a "B," students are encouraged to push limits &amp; take risks in their papers, enhancing your learning like you would not believe. It is very clear that he is not present for your approval, but for your betterment. The class is wicked hard, but so worth it.
4.0 : Dr. Gose is a superb professor, whose vast intellect and brilliant wit combine to engage and inspire. He teaches his students wonderfully, not only teaching them the material but also teaching them how to think. Expect to work hard, but expect to deeply appreciate every hour spent working and expect to learn more under him than in any other class.
4.5 : Great class. Great prof.
5.0 : My entire Pepperdine tuition was worth being able to learn from this one man. He helped me learn for the first time. He teaches you how to actually think for yourself. Hands down, best learning experience I have ever had. This class, this content, and this teacher will prepare you for the world in a way no other class or experience will.
4.0 : Really difficult professor and his tests are extremely difficult but he's a great guy
5.0 : Dr. Brewster is so amazing! He made our first-year seminar class fun to go to, even though we're talking about genetics at 8am. He really inspires you to think big on your research ideas and gives really good feedback on research proposals. He's just really easy to talk to and get along with. Definitely take a class with him if you can!
5.0 : The best person in the whole world.
5.0 : The definition of a scientist and one of the most intelligent people I have ever met! You will eat, drink, sleep and breathe chaparral by the end of this course. Count how many times he says Malosma laurina, Angel Helms, and Anna Jacobsen from start to finish of the class; likely over 1000. Tough, fair, fun, and a good teacher. Highly recommended.
5.0 : You never thought you could care about plants this much. A super intelligent professor who wants all his students to be as psyched about chaparral as he is. Don't be surprised if you suddenly, somehow find yourself involved in things. You'll be better for it, trust me. And don't be surprised if you're suddenly in shape. Speed hikes do that to you.
5.0 : Best teacher at Pepperdine! 10 out of 10 would recommend.
5.0 : Dr. Ganske is one of my favourite professors. Her class is challenging however she is always available to help. Her exams are more difficult than the rest of the Chemistry professors but her teaching is brilliant and she always lets you know what to expect from the class. She also does review sessions which helps for upcoming exams.
4.0 : Pchem is definitely everyone's hardest class. She's a great teacher but the course is tremendously rigorous
5.0 : If you are taking her class, congratulations! She is one of my favorite professors at Pepperdine. She really cares about her students. Although sometimes the test is hard and the homework may be a little bit too much, but she is always offering office hours. She will also answer your questions via email VERY detailed and patiently. Great teacher!
5.0 : Dr. Ganske is amazing!! Her small in class experiments make her lectures fun and also her jokes. She is always there for help
5.0 : Professor Ganske is a very great teacher. She makes sure that her students understand the material and is very caring. Her tests aren't too bad, and I would argue that some of the homework questions are harder than the test questions. If you have her for Chem120 she is an amazing teacher.
5.0 : Great teacher. Hard course. DO NOT PROCRASTINATE.
4.0 : Not a hard class if you study and do the practice problems. His exams are extremely fair and exactly what he tells you they will be... it's organic chemistry, so if you're expecting to not put in any work to get a good grade, you'll be disappointed
5.0 : Class lectures are recorded but if you don't go it's way harder to work up the motivation/actually learn the material. Your grade is based off of four tests ONLY but his curve helps A LOT (even though it's weird and I don't fully understand it). Overall, he's super sweet and has a great sense of humor. He's a wonderful human being and a great prof.
1.0 : Honestly he's a great intelligent man but his tests are so incredibly hard its unfortunate to see all the effort and hours spent on studying wasted. However, he has a generous curve. But study months in advance for tests if you at least want a C/pass in the class. Over half the class dropped because of the exams and the only grade in class is exams
5.0 : The class is difficult but he gives you all the tools to succeed, if you're willing to put in the work. He's great at explaining concepts and answering questions clearly. A funny and sweet professor. Really wants to see everyone do well. Read through the lectures ahead of time; it makes a world of difference.
5.0 : I took Warford Computer Science 330 class called Computer Systems. All the material for the class is recorded, so if you have an absence, you can watch recordings of the class. He does a great job of being available outside of class, and offers incentives for students willing to go above and beyond on final projects.
5.0 : My favorite prof at Pepperdine. He is hilarious and is so clear about what you need to study for any test.
5.0 : This professor is absolutely amazing. It is evident he truly cares about his students and he wants you to succeed.
4.5 : He truly enjoys teaching Math141. His tests can get tough, but its all from the notes and the worksheets. As long as you study, you should be good to go. If it were any other professor, I'd be sleeping through his 8am, but Not for Hancock. cause hes the man.
5.0 : Professor Hancock cares about each individual student and does everything possible to ensure their success. He offers great instruction inside and outside of the classroom and makes it easy to learn. Always look forward to his class.
2.0 : I took Calc in HS, but he still expects me to show up and pretend I care. No chill when it comes to phones either. Too much homework, long assignments due twice a week. Makes me wish I had taken the AP test.
4.0 : Be sure to study a lot for the final and always ask for help. He is very nice and his teaching style is great. The final is what hurt me the most.
5.0 : The greatest professor I have ever had the pleasure of being taught by. He is an absolute legend. He loves the subject he teaches and is willing to help anyone and everyone. I highly recommend taking Math 141 with him.
5.0 : If you're taking any Business Calc, Hancock is the teacher you need to have. He breaks things down to such an understandable level, unlike other teachers I've had who couldn't think like a student. I went from failing my calc 1 freshman year with another teacher to getting an A in this calc 2 class. 2 HW's a week and 4 total tests. That's it.
5.0 : Very very very good math professor. Super clear and organized. Best choice for Math 141. He only need two classes to memorize everybody's name.
2.0 : Nice guy. Bad at explaining things. Lots of homework. If you do the homework you'll be better off in the class. The tests are kind of insane sometimes. I failed his final HARD.
4.0 : The best professor you can have for this course. He's very sweet and will re-explain problems for you in varying ways until you understand it. His office ours are short, so get there early! His explanations become confusing during the counting chapter, but he gives lots of examples. His tests are predictable and very fair.
5.0 : Never knew so much about vitamins and minerals.  I liked that lectures were structured but so much discussion was allowed about interests of each individual student. A creative and dynamic teacher.
3.5 : This class is easy. Do the work, follow the rules, and you'll do well. Dr. Helm is a nice professor. She seems like she enjoys her job. She also is a very straight-forward, frank, and honest person. As long as you respect her, she'll respect you.
2.5 : Extremely difficult. Most people have lives outside of class, so that means busting your butt for these upper divs. It's hard enough even if your life is all about academics. She'll make mistakes in lecture, so look for answers in her packets and the book. Be proactive and participate - it's expected. She hates repeating herself, so listen closely.
4.5 : Most professional professor I have ever had. Very prepared for lectures and is GREAT for labs. Also very difficult though so prepare to work hard!
4.5 : The legend. A true man of science and wisdom. He brings knowledge and challenge in a fair and simple grading system. An amazing professor and person in general. Although I could do without the sarcasm as I never get it....
5.0 : JAsperse is great, but his class is really really hard. Expect to relisten to the lectures, write a crazy amount of notes, and study a whole lot. Unfortunately, he is kind of the only option for Physiology. Even so, he really does care and would love to meet with you if you don't understand something and is always available during labs to help.
4.0 : Dr. Jasperse is an amazing professor and really knows his stuff, plus he loves his students and wants them to succeed. However, his expectations are high for his classes and he expects them to know a lot of detail. Go to every class, study well in advance for exams and know every detail. One of the hardest classes I've taken but also so interesting
5.0 : Dr. MacRae was an incredible teacher who has a clear passion for the subjects that he teaches.  His tests are very difficult and detailed, but he is always available to help, go to office hours!  I learned so much in the two classes I took from Dr. MacRae and I wish I could take another course with this professor.
5.0 : He is an excellent professor! Don't read the book, print out his powerpoint and take good notes in class. Make sure you differentiate between what his opinion is on the subject and the "classical view" of how things work. He asks about that on tests. Looks mean, but incredibly nice. Labs are 80 points total, same as test, so make those count!
4.0 : memorize the lectures. don't read the book. MC is hard. great guy go in for office hours!
3.5 : For a GE class, this isn't the easiest, but Ditmore is very helpful if you choose to take advantage of his availability. At the beginning he gave a few pop quizzes, but after about 3 I think he got sick of grading them. So mostly just papers and exams as far as assignments.
4.5 : Scott-Lowe is one of my favorite professors, and also just one of my favorite people. She is super clear about expectations from the get-go. She is also genuinely interested in the lives of her students. There is no way you will get left behind unless that is your goal. Would recommend her to anyone. Super helpful with class and life in general!
5.0 : She is one of the best professors I have had. She is very well organized, clear in her expectations of students, timely in grading, and she obviously cares about students. She is respectful of and in fact wants to hear differing opinions and perspectives. She is kind, funny, intelligent, and interesting. We didn't have any tests in this class.
4.0 : Absolute must for first-year seminar students. The presentation assignment can be difficult but other than that the class is average difficulty and teaches many important life skills.
5.0 : This professor is hands-down one of my favorites. She is caring, honest, and definitely looks out for you if you get to know her! Her seminar class does have lots of papers, but they're pretty easy. However, she expects great critical thinking skills. If you aren't good at that, attend her office hours! She is a GREAT source of help!
2.5 : I was super disappointed with the amount of cattiness and lack of professionalism from Susan. You think teachers will rise above, but Susan isn't above disparaging her students and the system.  It's an easy pass, so just take the class and don't engage and you can coast on through without learning a thing.
5.0 : Professor Salas was the best professor I had my first semester and she was also an amazing advisor. She really cares about her students and her seminar is interesting and fun.
1.0 : Don't do this to yourself.
5.0 : Just your basic math class. Do the homework, pay attention in class, it's pretty easy.
4.5 : One of my favorite at Pepperdine. He not only teaches math, but also tries to influence your life. I love his $5 plan, the strawberries, and the Thursday voting. Choose him, especially for Math 316 and 260.
5.0 : Dr. Strong is probably my favorite math teacher from high school or college, and one of my  favorites at Pepperdine.  He expects you to learn to be independent, but he'll do whatever he can to support and help you learn.
5.0 : He helped us learn, but expected us to be independent and learn how to learn, including on our own.  I think that is a good thing, though.
5.0 : I'm not really into math, but he helped (required) us to really learn and understand, rather than just try to teach to the test, like what I used to in high school.  It took some getting used to, but it was for our benefit, even if I didn't like being challenged quite so much.
4.0 : Likable person, lectures are easy to follow, I learned a lot. One note: I'm almost done with my degree, and this class had more homework than literally any other college course I've taken. Homework due nearly every day, graded for correctness. That's not to say it was the most work--it's just a very "high school" approach to assignments.
4.0 : He really tries to make an impact in your life which is why I came to this university in the first place. He makes the math a little more difficult compared to my previous calculus professor, but he's really accessible outside of class so it's not a big issue. Definitely would recommend him to other students who need a calculus professor.
5.0 : A really good professor who knows the syllabus inside and out. Also very laid back and friendly so makes the class interesting and fun. Do your homework, it helps!
4.0 : This class is pretty easy if you do all the necessary work. Dr. Goodman is a great professor. She keeps things interesting and talks about her interests and opinions. In comparison to other professors' ENG101 classes, her's seems the best.
5.0 : Dr. Goodman is the best SAAJ professor! She leads great discussions, and is very committed to keeping the class experience-based. Not a lot of outside of class work.
5.0 : The best, if you put effort youll be just fine
5.0 : Dr. Goodman rocks.
4.0 : You actually have to try in this class. You can't just sing and get an A. You have to show her that you're improving throughout the semester, and put forth a lot of effort and practice into your chosen songs. I'd say take this class if you like singing, or want to improve your vocal skills, and want to get your fine arts GE taken care of.
5.0 : Lori is the greatest professor you will ever have!
5.0 : Good and passionate teacher. Having been teaching  for over 15 years at Pepperdine. She is so nice. Just attend the class and try hard. It is worth taking.
5.0 : Banks is a great professor! He is always there for you when you need him. The class itself is fairly easy. You do have to read a few books, but they are worth your time. Participate in class. The field trips are so fun. Put effort into the essays.
5.0 : Dr. Banks is a caring professor full of knowledge and wisdom! The class is not mentally challenging however can be emotionally challenging. Overall, his course has left a positive impact on my life.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor at Pepperdine. He is incredibly inspirational and each class you take with him redefines your world view. He will put you on the spot in class, but it's for the best!
5.0 : I had Dr. Banks as an organization behavior professor in 1994.  He was such a caring and compassionate teacher and influence and I still share the stories that came out in his class with friends today.  He definitely changed my life ... I'm still talking about it.  Worth all of the vulnerability that you will experience in the class!!
5.0 : Take Daum for anything and everything. He cares so much for his students and is an absolute angel. Don't be fooled - his classes aren't super easy. He has high expectations. But if you pay attention, participate, and stay engaged, you'll love him and the class, and high grades will come naturally.
3.0 : I just got done with Professor Daum for COM313 this past summer. Though I think he's a good person at heart, his grading system is very strange. I worked really hard in his class and even handed in my work early, and I got an A- in the class. Even though he is a great teacher, I am warning you... He pulls your grade out nowhere.
3.0 : I loved Daum as a guy. He is great and energetic and enjoyable, even in an 8am class. He really loves what he does and I appreciated the effort he put into class. My problem with him is that he grades speeches for things he never mentioned being wrong in class. Study for tests bc they aren't easy and take him for REL instead.
4.0 : Daum is the coolest. Even as someone who didn't want to take another Religion class, I thoroughly enjoyed this class. He is careful to try and understand things from all view points, which I really appreciated, and doesn't try to convert anyone, just gives facts. Such a sweet guy, and he is always there to talk if you need it, which is really nice.
4.5 : Professor Daum is such a wonderful human being! He really cares about his students and does an amazing job of trying to get to know each and every one of them. His lectures are really easy to follow along to and he is always available and eager to answer any questions that you might have. You have to take him at least once.
2.5 : He tricks you by making you think that he is an easy grader. All the material in class seems like common sense but when you get the test, you'll be surprised. His tests are nonsense. He makes it as difficult as it can be and tell you "maybe you didn't study enough, don't blame me." It is definitely a hard class unless you really like the material.
3.5 : Okay... so Ginger is a saint. She's adorable, and extremeeeely nice 24/7 and always willing to help you. Unfortunately, I felt like I knew more going into the class than she did by just tinkering around on Photoshop... I didn't learn much. And paying roughly $80/hr for class at Pepperdine should be better than that. It was SUPER basic.
5.0 : TRULY cares about her students. ALWAYS joyful. Super enthusiastic about Photoshop &amp; other programs. Lots of projects &amp; a midterm thru semester. End of semester: package design, Dreamweaver website, portfolio with research article write-ups &amp; final exam (so taxing)! She goes over main points in the book so you don't need it but I liked it.
5.0 : She's an amazing professr - really nice, cares about her students, patient, knows how to teach the adobe software suite and knows a lot about design so we learn what works and what doesn't. Best professor.
5.0 : Great profesor!!! Great class!!! Sign up early to take her classes because they fill fast. Hsd to wait a semester to get in.
5.0 : Professor Rosenkrans is great!!! Learned a lot and had fun too. Take her classes if you can.
2.0 : Don't take Ginger's classes unless it's necessary. She barely teaches, but you'll probably get an A. She starts every class 30 minutes late, which to me says that she doesn't respect her student's time (or money). She has a required text but does not reference or question you on it, so don't spend your money on it.
4.0 : Really great Professor! Most of our class was discussions and she would allow us to convey our opinions and discuss it as a class. She assigned multiple essays but all essays were due when you were finished (Don't Wait rtil end of semester though!). If you ask for help, she will meet outside of class. Use the Writing Center for help.
5.0 : One of the best, most light-hearted people I've ever met in my life. Still consider her a mentor to this day! She DOES know her stuff, but doesn't turn her nose up to joking around like a lot of professors in her field may. She's a great person and can really be an excellent source of wisdom, friendship, and information for those who seek it.
5.0 : As an English Major, you will encounter her for almost everything which is awesome. I totally adore her. Funny, smart, light workload, huge creative liberty, fun tangents, no homework, amazing guest speakers, interesting discussions, attendance not mandatory every class. smart and funny, can I have her for every class??!
4.0 : This was THE best upper division GE class I have ever taken at Pepperdine (I'm a senior). Especially with the new $100 summer housing, this class is definitely worth taking in May. EASY. FUN. INTERESTING. CHILDREN'S LIT! fairytale/picture book/story analyses. Beware, it may ruin your cherished childhood stories. Everything seems sexual as an adult.
5.0 : Great prof. She thinks outside the box and is really into writing. Her feedback is among the best I have had in my academic career.  Dr. Flynn is funny and sometimes has a self-deprecating humor that is endearing. Love her!
5.0 : Dr. Flynn has so many interesting stories. I could sit and listen to her talk for hours.
4.5 : Dr. Folkert is such an inspiring professor. He is such an awesome guy who really has a huge passion teaching. He wants to make sure that his students do really well in his class. I would recommend going to his office hours when help is needed. Take really good notes. READ the chapters before going to class. Then you will succeed in his class.
5.0 : Folkerts is a great professor. However, his test are extremely hard so you have to study. It is good to go to his office hours because he will make sure you are on the right track studying. Also, ask questions during the test; he will help you a lot.
4.5 : I respect this professor a lot.  I came in with the mindset that it's just another GE because he does not teach my major.  However, he's super passionate about his teachings and he makes the lectures fun.  The book isn't necessary, but it's a nice to have, especially if you're like me and take notes slowly.  100% recommend!
3.0 : Bio psych. He is an amazing person, really nice guy. Great teacher and makes the class interesting. But when it comes to the test, for the normal human, you'll be lucky if you pass. I do not recommend taking this course with him unless you are very familiar with science and like tests that are unnecessarily hard. Seriously. don't do it.
4.5 : Coming from a completely mediocre student, his class is not difficult. GE's at Pepperdine are not meant to be easy, but he clearly communicates what will be on tests and if you review all terms and demonstrations from each chapter, you will succeed. He's also hilarious and a genuinely nice guy, keeps the class alive.
5.0 : Dr. Folkerts is an awesome professor, easily one of my favorite. He cares deeply for his students, even when in a large lecture course. He is extremely funny and keeps things interesting. It is not necessary to read because he covers all material you need to know for the tests which are not that hard.
4.0 : He is a passionate professor with great teaching skill. But if you want to have a good grade, you need take 100% concentration on every minute in class! There is a lot of stuff in one class that the ppt goes very fast. Class can never end early. There are almost no straight and easy questions in the exam, you need understand the concepts completely
4.0 : I loved Dr. Folkerts, but this class is HARD. He really is committed to the success of his students, though, and I would take him again for an easier class. If you're not sure you want to take PSCY372, I would advise against it unless you are really interested in the material, becuase of the sheer difficulty of the class.
5.0 : Love his enthusiasm! His lectures are so entertaining! Might be a little more work for a GE but you learn so much from the article assignments!
3.5 : The only complaint I have against him is that he's sort of monotone and speaks quietly at times. Never to the point where you can't hear him but just enough so that if you're in the 8am, you're likely to fall asleep. I LOVE the movies he shows. His lectures, cases and examples are all very interesting. Wrote his own law book. 1st test=hard 2nd=easy
4.0 : "Good for you". Mullen is a awesome guy with tons of great experiences and stories to share. Cares about students and is fair to everyone. Take the time to meet him and he will help you succeed. Sad to see him leave Pepperdine in 2015.
4.5 : Summer session  everything crammed into 4 weeks. Tried to accommodate to us by not giving us much homework outside of class; lectures were a bit long and tedious, but any class that goes on for four hours would be; exams are pretty straight forward if you know the poems well &amp; he's always willing to answer all questions; super sweet personality
4.5 : What an amazing soul this woman has... not only did she turn me on to the subject even more than I thought I would be, but she added her own unique and personal touches to the course and the lives of her students that really made her stand out. Think about her often!
3.5 : Prof. Flynn is a very nice person. As for this class, mostly you need to read the textbook and learn bu yourself. The application about the excel is indeed very helpful and interesting.
5.0 : I took it over the summer. It was one of the best class that I have ever had. He cares about us, and I learned from this class. I love his class and his sense of humor. He is the best.
5.0 : Professor Flynn has a deep desire for his student's success both inside and outside the classroom. He has great professional experience and has a passion for teaching.
5.0 : Super nice professor. He truly cares about his students. This class can be a lot of work only if you get behind. Stay on top of the homework, and you'll do great! Tests are not too difficult if you actually learn what you do for the homework.
3.0 : Professor Flynn is a nice guy and he wants you to do well. You have to participate though, participation is huge in this class and because I didn't realize that, I payed for it. Show up to class, add to the class notes online, and do kahoot. I didn't do these regularly and he took me from a B to a C at the end... Other than that it's not bad
4.0 : Really, really useful class, and he does a great job of blending Excel skills with business potential.  Be careful, his tests are much harder than the homework.
5.0 : One of the best profs I've ever had. Engaging and hilarious, while also crazy intelligent. Shows interesting and relevant speeches in class, and says weird things like "I don't give a rip snort." Papers are easy if you pay attention in class and participate. Would take again in a heartbeat. LOVE Jones.
5.0 : You have to work for the class. It's hard. But it doesn't mean you can't get an A. As long as you put enough time to your studies, you're good. Plus, you learn so much from her. Prof Misch is a great professor to be taught by. I recommend everyone to take Misch if you're interested in Accounting.
5.0 : Best teacher I have ever had. She is so passionate about what she is teaching and organizs things very well. Clear and professional. The group case is time consuming but worthwhile. The exams are very very hard, but she gives you old exams to practice. They are really helpful. It is very worthwhile to take her class. Highly recommended.
4.5 : I had Prof. Misch for Financial Acc. &amp; I thoroughly enjoyed her class! While the 3 exams are demanding, if you keep up with the hw on a nightly basis &amp; take advantage of her office hours, especially in the days leading up to the exam, you will succeed. She is extremely passionate about accounting &amp; will help you in every way she possibly can.
1.5 : Nice guy but seriously a poor performing professor. He makes a joke of the entire subject, jumps around, and goes on long declarations about his grandson, whom I know more about than anything on the syllabus. Everyone will tell you he's good because he's nice. But DONT CONFUSE NICE WITH GOOD. THIS GUY CANT TEACH.
5.0 : I have taken two classes with Dr. Lloyd so far and look forward to taking at least one more before graduation. He is incredibly knowledgable and passionate about what he is teaching. I highly recommend any of his classes if you get the chance. Not only will you learn a ton, but you will grow as a student and as a citizen of the world.
5.0 : Dr. Schaffer is one of the most inspirational teachers I've had. I learned a lot of consulting skills, helped out a nonprofit, and learned a lot about myself in the process. She will challenge you to give your best to your client, and the hardest part about this class is getting a good team to work with. Lots of in class readings and presentations.
5.0 : Most difficult class I've taken, but if you have to take Service, take it with her. She's an incredible professor and cares about her students.
4.5 : Prof Schaffer is one of the most organized I have had at Pepperdine. Loves students and class. Directions are clear cut and if you follow them you will get good results. Great class enjoy it!
5.0 : Dr. G tries to intimidate you the first couple courses. After that, he is really nice and caring. I suggest recording his lectures and listening to it again because it is a lot of information to digest in class. I am glad I took him before Finance because he went over a lot of the Finance material better than my Finance professor.
4.0 : It's true that he is a great professor. The material was interesting and he genuinely enjoyed teaching. The only downfall was that when it came to grading, individuals with C's on all of the exams ended up with B's in the class. There's nothing more disheartening in an MBA class than working your tail off and seeing others pass without earning it.
4.5 : One of the most invigorating classes I have ever taken.  Besides from the fact that i am an Econ freak, I loved his passion for teaching and just the insights he gave to the students. Its infectious. I loved his teaching style. No notes taking which is great. I mean in real life, u can't really take notes as much. Its hard but its so worth it!
5.0 : I LOVE DR. LERNER!! If you're going to Heidelberg, definitely take him. Sattler is more focused on art history and wants specific dates/names etc while Lerner will give you the points if you're just in the right century and is more just history based. Lerner is a living encyclopedia, he knows everything and can answer any question you ask.
5.0 : DR. LERNER IS THE BOMB. First day of class, I wont lie I was intimidated, but after participating and making funny jokes, he warmed right up. He is hilarious and knows a ton about everything. We talk about the books in class (ENG 380) but also learn a lot of background history and tons of random, but interesting info too. ICH LIEBE LERNER.
5.0 : Great professor
5.0 : Dr. Erbes is a truly inspiring professor! She is great at what she does and is highly knowledgeable in her field. I always felt extremely comfortable with asking for help and clarification, which she gave with grace and poise. Dr. Erbes is by far one of the best teachers at Pepperdine and inspires teacher candidates to reach their full potential.
5.0 : Contino is by far one of the best professors that I have ever had! He is so kind and helpful. He truly cares about his students! His classes are super insightful and they might change your life! I love professor Contino!
5.0 : Contino is one of the best professors I've had. He has high expectations, but is more than willing to meet and is there to help. Discussions are meaningful, and he'll incorporate movies &amp; art occasionally.
5.0 : Contino is one of the most insightful professors I've ever had. Discussions in class are thought provoking, and mentally draining, but Contino is there to help the discussion along and to add his own insights to those shared by his students. He has high standards and expectations, and that is reflected in his grading on essays. LOVE HIM!!!!
4.5 : Contino has high expectations for students in discussions &amp; in essays, but he's there to help you along. He's flexible with office hours &amp; is usually super helpful. He appreciates honesty &amp; understands how hectic balancing classes gets. He also has a great sense of humor that's incorporated in discussions. Love Contino!
4.0 : A wonderful professor who cares about his students. You really need to read the books though. Nearly every single thing you say in class will need to be backed up by specific textual evidence. It is a challenging course with high expectations, but I grew a lot both as a writer and as an intellectual during my time in his class.
4.5 : He is amazing. SO ENCOURAGING IN EVERYTHING. I love this guy like a dad almost. Such an amazing man of God as well.
5.0 : Professor Contino is wonderful! His class is definitely challenging (the texts are dense and you will read them quickly), but he truly cares about you. He is accessible outside of class and constantly looking for ways to improve class for his students. Be prepared to participate and ask questions. He values this and will be happy to help.
4.5 : I LOVE PJC
5.0 : By far one of my favorite professors. Actually willing to listen to opinions he doesn't share and takes them seriously. Be ready to dig deep and back up everything you say with textual evidence. Prof. Contino offers a lot of feedback that will help you grow as a writer, a philosopher, and a thinker. He's good-natured and keeps class entertaining.
2.0 : Popovich is an incredibly caring professor.  However, he does not understand how to keep things clear and concise.  1 question in office hours may last 25 minutes.  For example, I went to office hours for his class and waited over 50 minutes to ask one question, not because of the amount of people in office hours, but because he talks TOO MUCH.
5.0 : Dr. K is super helpful to her students. Her lectures are totally clear but if you need extra help then she's always willing to be there for you! She makes class very relaxed and she's a great professor.
5.0 : Dr. Kim is the best--it doesn't matter what she's teaching. I have taken 3 of her classes.  I've never made a post on this site--so that's how highly I think of her classes.
2.5 : Awful, awful, awful teacher. So unorganized, powerpoints don't make sense at all and then I failed the first exam even though I studied for hours, read every chapter and didn't miss a class. Her tests don't reflect what we learn in class at all. Also she is not a nice person. Clearly biased in her own opinions about society.
1.0 : By far the worst teacher I have had at Pepperdine. Doesn't care about her students' success at all.
5.0 : Very very engaging and doesn't waste a minute of class. Had great discussions and learned a lot. But the exams were tough. Could ease up on the exams. It is a GE after all.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors I have ever had at Pepperdine. Extremely enthusiastic, funny, relatable, and helped me learn the material in an engaging manner. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Great professor who really cares for the students. I had her for first year seminar and am going to take her for my sociology GE requirement. Passionate for her subject. Can't really comment on how rigorous she is in an actual class however.
5.0 : This Professor is Admirable,Respectful and  Straight-up Real. Show up, Participate in class and read your book and do your assignments 6, quiz 3 and you will do good. Great Professor and nice too.
5.0 : Best class at Pepperdine but definitely the most difficult.  Professor Wideroe  expects a lot from everyone.  Now that my campaign is done I can't believe I did it. So happy to have a portfolio to help me get a job.
5.0 : The campaign, although time consuming and demanding, got me a job.  I haven't had a better teacher ever and I mean ever!!!!!!!!
5.0 : Hands down love Professor Wideroe and Advertising Campaigns.  Best class EVER.  Made going to Pepperdine even more worthwhile. Seriously.  Through the class I not only got a project after graduation, but an advertising job! Woohoo.
4.5 : Learned so much this semester. Had a lot of guests from the field and really got lots of real world experience. Loved this class and get challenges.  Think I might want to be a media planner!
5.0 : Professor Thomas is a really sweet lady. She has taught me a lot in English 101. The class was a bit awkward because no one participated in the discussions. If you take her please participate! She is so kind and wants to help her students. She only assigns about 5 papers and gives you the choice between several easy prompts. I recommend taking her!
5.0 : Joe is easily one of the best professors at Pepperdine. If you're not an art major &amp; have even the slightest interest in drawing take this class! Plays music, hosts great conversation, &amp; you have many opportunities to get to know other students you may have never met! Plenty of non-art majors in the class, non-judgemental art critiques. Awesome!!!
2.5 : she does not teach you, she only facilitate the class! you need to teach your self and work with friends! not a usual pepperdine professor type. does not give you insights and lecture about the subject. she just start hitting on projects hard and grading hard
5.0 : I have never worked so hard in my entire life. This course single handily  made the investment in a Pepperdine degree worth it. Not only did I learn tons of material and retain it, but I was able to apply it to real world scenarios when choosing corporate strategies. You get to present your strategies on chosen public companies in front of judges.
5.0 : OK, listen, i took BA497 with professor James,  9 people working as a group, clearly you learn a lot from her lecture and assignment. She is a very very nice person, trust me on this one, sometimes she pushes you hard its for your own good. You have to work hard, anyways I did nothing and carried by my teammate through the semester, no pressure !
5.0 : I have had Newman for two classes, and each were absolutely incredible! He makes sure to make each class interesting and has a great sense of humor. He respects his students and is always willing to work with you outside of class. Make sure to keep up with the readings and pay attention in class, because he expects you to act like a college student
2.5 : Your whole grade is based off of 4 multiple choice tests, and that made this course really hard for me. I could write an essay a week to accurately demonstrate that I knew the information, but could barely pull off any of the exams. There is very little extra credit opportunity, and the extra credit that  is available only adds up to like 2%.
5.0 : Professor Newman is amazing, he really loves his subject and cares about the success of his students. Go to his office hours and have a conversation about the politics of the world and you will be inspired to do more in the political science field.  He is funny and makes complicated concepts generally applicable. Take his class!
5.0 : On of the best professors at Pepperdine. He is organized and clear. He cares about his students and always listens to them. I love his current events part. Review the notes and do the readings, then you will be fine. I took the class in Elkins so we have five exams. He will record the highest 4.
4.5 : i failed the first two tests but aced the next two. I loved the class, though it was hard to find out what kind of tests Brian liked. You must work for the grade but the class is very interesting. Brian is a great man and will sit and help you understand things. Be sure that you know all concepts and how they work together, ask if you don't get it!
5.0 : I had Newman for 104 and he's the reason I'm a polisci major. He's just an awesome person in general and his classes reflect that. Lectures are always interesting and he is very helpful outside of class. Really cares for the students. His tests are a little hard, but if you don't cram it won't be too bad. Treats you like an adult, so act like one!
5.0 : Professor Newman is very helpful and very clear when giving instructions. His papers and tests are not difficult and he goes over the criteria in great detail. He always tries to make himself available to help students.
5.0 : Easily one of the best professors I've had at Pepperdine. He is an awesome professor. Although the class is not an easy A, if you put effort to really understand the material, you can do well. He is very helpful and wants everyone to succeed. I would highly suggest taking him for Poly Sci 104. You will walk away learning a lot.
5.0 : He is one of my favorite teachers I have ever had at Pepperdine. He is one of the most engaging professors and is extremely knowledgeable about finance. He will make sure you LEARN the material and he WILL make you enjoy it. You will remember what you learn in his courses. He is genius, he is charming, and he is kind.
4.5 : Great finance professor, one of the interesting ones.
5.0 : Favorite professor! Do the reading, participate, and you'll get an A.
5.0 : Dr. Davis is a really cool, kind professor. He cares about his students; before each class, he would say a prayer. His class is mainly led by class discussion, so listen for overall topics and try to participate. Make sure you do the reading. There was one group oral presentation, about 7 quizzes, and a final (about 10 pages written in class).
4.0 : Very kind person, and always willing to help.  Knows the subjects incredibly well, and is really on top of her game.  Fierce grader. Don't expect to slack and get a good grade.  One of Pepperdine's better professors, but omg you'd better bring it.
5.0 : Took Dr. Ortbals last semester and she was awesome! Her class is difficult, but  if it's your major why would you expect any less?? Make sure you read before class and be prepared for the occasional quiz. If you do that you'll be fine! She cares about her students and is super easy to talk to. Try to get to know Dr. Ortbals, she's great!
5.0 : She's not as hard as everyone says.  Just do exactly what the syllabus says and you'll be fine, and make sure you get her feedback on papers before you turn them in.  Visit her during her office hours and get to know her; she'll really go out of her way to help you and is one of the kindest professors at Pepperdine you'll ever meet.
3.0 : Prof Ortbals is strict about citations for papers. Her class lectures can get boring but she is pretty funny. She's passionate about the subject.
3.0 : This class was not as hard as everyone makes it out to be. There was a lit review which was probably the more challenging part about this class, but her midterms and finals are not that hard if you follow her study guide. Her thoughts can be quite scattered but just take notes from her lecture slides and study the important stuff and you'll do fine
4.0 : Niest woman you'll ever meet; that is, until she grades your paper. Kiss it goodbye and say hello to red pen marks for everything you write. If you value your GPA, avoid. But if you want to learn a lot, then take. Don't count on the Dean's List though.
5.0 : She has a reputation for being really tough, but I found her exams to be pretty straight forward and as long as you began studying a few days in advance you'd be fine.  The essays are where she really clobbers you, so be sure you know the general stuff on the multiple choice so you can get hit there.  She's a really super person.
3.5 : Probs the hardest class I have taken at Pepperdine so far. Classes were always interesting but you really need to pay attention because Prof Ortbals tends to jump around a lot. Lots of reading. The tests were hard, with lots of details. The lit review was very challenging, but you learn a lot from it. Proudest A I have ever gotten in my life.
5.0 : Dr. O is great. She's funny &amp; knows her stuff. Tests aren't bad at all, just make sure you nail down dates/names &amp; pay attention in class. There's a lot of reading &amp; she gives quizzes over it; but, she drops the 2 lowest ones. Participation is important to her! Don't be afraid to speak up in class, she won't embarrass you! Super helpful too. 10/10.
3.5 : Took it last yr and guys this was the most difficult class I have taken at Pepp. The professor is super sweet and and she knows a lot about the topic. As a person I think she is just a doll:) but oh my goodness as a professor she is brutal and her tests are not super easy, there's a lot to remember and she's big on details.
4.0 : Dr. Ortbals is quirky and shy, but has a wealth of knowledge and a genuine passion for what she teaches. She is a monstrous grader though, great papers will be cut down to a B at best.
4.5 : I took this class during the summer session and it was so easy. If you want an easy A take her class. She is very helpful and I strongly recommend her class. Lectures are very long.  She doesn't email or put the powerpoint anywhere so make sure to take your laptop with you when you go to class (you will need it to take notes).
5.0 : I am currently a Senior at UCSC. Ron is an exceptional. Ron is the best professor I have ever met. He truly cares about his students. I will never forget Ron.
5.0 : Ron is an awesome professor!   He emphasizes that students put things into their own words and by doing so solidifies the knowledge into them---guarantee of much deeper understanding of material then just simple memorization. He only test on what he has time to fully cover and explain, grade 2 , 10 question short essay exams, 50% of grade each.
5.0 : Dr. Ronald is one of the best professors I ever had! You will be lucky to be in his class. I am lucky I took a summer class with him at UCSC! he is very helpful.
5.0 : Dr. Frye is amazing. She is very passionate about her work. She can seem intimidating but she is very caring. She will help her students with whatever they need. Her classes are all discussion based. Make sure to read the material outside of class or you will be lost.
5.0 : Dr. Frye was awesome. Inventing Modern Childhood was so enjoyable and really does help freshman get ready for the next 4 years by analyzing great writings and films. She keeps it super interesting. Favorite teacher I've ever had. Also, not too easy, not too hard. Perfect prof. If you try an A is easy and you will want to try with a prof like her!
5.0 : This woman is a delight. She's the most deadpan, witty professor that you will ever be graced with. She has an ability of explaining ANYTHING clearly- and interestingly! Tell me when the last time a professor was funny AND interesting at the same time. She makes you work hard, but you're gonna want you to work hard. She fair and wonderful.
4.0 : She looks scary at first but actually she turned out to be my fav! Really just positive vibes around her but be ready for essays and reading quizzes!
4.5 : She is very demure and a great teacher.  You won't be disappointed if you take her freshman seminar Inventing Modern Childhood because its not very difficult if you do exactly what she says.
5.0 : Professor Frye is a great professor. She wants to help you. She's lenient. She'll let you turn things in a BIT late with a good reason. Her essay topics were okay but they're easy. She'll sit down and help you. Checked in on me when I missed class for a few days. Helped catch me up. Easy final. Portfolio. Fun reading. Don't need textbooks.
3.0 : Dr Frye is a great English professor, but she does tend to grade the essays pretty harshly. Participation matters a great deal in this class. MAKE SURE TO READ! Her reading quizzes can be very detailed. She is definitely a nice professor not out to get you, but her class can get boring. Especially during discussions. Overall, I enjoyed the class.
5.0 : My favorite professor of all time. REL 301, The Life and Writings of C.S. Lewis, is a life changing course. Gary's enthusiasm for Lewis have successfully turned me into a groupie as well. His knowledge and setup of the class (discussion) really make the course so intriguing and fun. You get to dive into theology and really learn about yourself.
5.0 : GARY SELBY IS THE BEST HUMAN ON THE PLANET! SO SMART &amp; INSPIRING &amp; CARING &amp; INFORMATIVE &amp; JOYFUL!  ***HE ACTUALLY TEACHES IN A WAY YOU WILL UNDERSTAND &amp; REMEMBER!***  TAKE ANY OF HIS CLASSES YOU CAN!
5.0 : All I can say, Great Professor! I enjoyed every class. Don't expect it to be a super easy class, but if you study and participate, you will be good. I learned a lot. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Dr. Dowdey is maybe my favorite person ever- I had him for my first-year seminar and I wish I could take his classes every year. He's so caring and sweet, and takes time to get to know you. If you make an effort to get to know him or participate in class he will seriously appreciate you and continue to be excited when he sees you in following years
5.0 : I LOVE Dr. Dowdey! I took his first-year seminar and absolutely loved it. He is such a sweetheart and is always excited to teach. His class is very easy if you read the materials and pay attention in class. Take him if you can! You will love him.
5.0 : Words can't describe how amazing this man is. Both in teaching and in life, he's just an amazing person. I was struggling with personal issues during this time and he was very understanding. This class was so cool and informative and he didn't shove information down our throats. Critical thinking and film background helps a lot. He's a real gem.
5.0 : Greatest professor of all times. Difficult exams but its ok. He is extremely gorgeous and great personality. He is the master!
5.0 : Dr. Peterson is by far the best professor I've had so far at Pepperdine.  You accomplish lots in his class but he keeps an easygoing atmosphere in it.  I never really felt like the kind of dread I get in my other classes.  He is intelligent and incredibly passionate. If you get a chance, definitely take him!
2.5 : Not fair and does not care about anyone , but his pay. Isn't kind and be littles all students. Good luck.
5.0 : The best leadership teacher you can ever dream of!!!
4.5 : Smith is a wonderful lady! She's very nice and if you approach her for help she will never turn you down. The only thing you are graded on is 4 papers and 10 in-class 10pt writing assignments so it's very important to do well on everything. She grades her papers very harsh so you have to write in a style that pleases her. My writing really improved
5.0 : Dr. Smith is hilarious! She makes the class very interesting and engages with the students. She is clear about she she wants/expects from you and helps you wherever you may be lacking.
5.0 : I don't like English/Lit classes but her GE literature class was one of my best decisions. There is a reason she is rated so highly.  Funny, personable, and clear cut, I would take her class again.  No tests, the class is structured around 6 in class writings (drops the lowest), and 3 big essays (2 mid semester, 1 final). Would recommend to anyone.
4.0 : Dr Smith is very organized, clear, always puts grades on courses, but corny at times and likes to tease the students. She puts a lot of sample papers on courses, give us clear grading criteria, and straightforward. I improved a lot throughout her class. However, this class is not as easy as you would think.
5.0 : Professor Smith is the best English 101 Professor at Pepperdine. Take her if you can! She is not the easiest grader, and getting an A is extremely hard or nearly impossible. If you try you should at least get a B+ or even an A- which is good for English 101. Utilize her office hours and in-class feedback and you will do well in your essays!
4.5 : Dr. Storm is AMAZING! Fantastic teacher who engages her class effectively. I thoroughly enjoyed this class and she really makes seemingly intricate and difficult material pretty simple to understand. I highly recommend. She is helpful inside and outside the classroom as well.
5.0 : Literally most intriguing class I have ever been a part of. He teaches this at the University of Memphis which is where I took it but I would recommend taking him for ANY class if I had the chance. AMAZING person and I would not pass up the opportunity to have him as a teacher. He really cares about everybody and will remember every single person.
5.0 : Show up to class. He is SO FUNNY and you can eat in class. No one likes public speaking, but this class was easy to get through. He helps you all the way through and is a more than fair grader. He gives you handouts on how he grades you, so you know clearly what is going on. The class was CLEARLY laid out and organized. basicallyNO HW
4.5 : Barry Fike is probably the toughest com 180 proff. but he was extremely patient and helpful when teaching you.  You will probably be worked much harder than the other classes but if you just put in the effort, you should have a good grade.  I enjoyed this class despite it being fairly tedious.
5.0 : I adore Prof Fike. Take the time to get to know him. A super genuine and caring prof. You won't find a huge number of these no matter the school you're at. I was TERRIFIED to take it with him because of all the Rate My Professor comments. Don't listen to them. He's hard-ish but super doable. And i actually use what i learn in his class in life.
5.0 : This Com class isn't the easiest but I felt like I learned a lot from it and became a much better public speaker. He is very specific on what he wants for speeches and the tests so as long as you do what he asks for an A should be no problem. The class has a lot of opportunities to get credit so there is less pressure on tests.
5.0 : Barry is the best, I really liked him. If you have time talk to him after class, his class was great and helped me a lot with public speaking. He makes you work with the weekly quizzes but will help you get the grade you want. Really nice man and just want to help you learn and pass! His class was a lot of fun- He had a guest speaker that was great
5.0 : I love Dr. Fike so much!!! He is so funny and he always makes my day. He is one of the nicest professors in Pepperdine. It does take some efforts to get an A in this class, since the scale of an A is from 95-100.
5.0 : He a great speech professor. He is a very funny and nice person. He cares a lot about his students. He made us do speech evaluations, which other com180 classes didn't do; however, they are not too hard to write.
4.5 : Easiest com 180 professor
5.0 : He is such a good person. His sense of humor is awesome and his laugh is contagious. He is a very smart person and he is gifted with words, he speaks in a clear and concise way. His material is not hard and easy to follow
4.0 : By far the hardest COM180 professor.... expect to do a ton of homework for a GE class. He is a very cool person and helps you get a lot better at public speaking and makes the class as enjoyable as it could be, but don't expect an easy A... or B... be prepared for daily quizzes, four speeches, two exams, and 3 long essays.
4.0 : A great guy. Really funny, genuinely awesome, and pretty wise. However, you will work your butt off to get anything other than a C. So have fun with that. Ya.
5.0 : The fikeanator is literally awesome however you have to work SO hard to get an A or even a B. He is definitely the hardest com 180 professor. He's super cool though and I've learned so much (if you're into that)
4.0 : Really makes you work for the A, however, he is just an awesome professor. You can tell he really cares about his students and takes their criticism pretty seriously. If you want to learn how to communicate effectively, take his class, but if you want an easy A, he's not the answer.
3.0 : Professor Fike is very passionate about his class and as far as making his students better speakers, he was successful. However, he assigned an absurd amount of work this year due to his experiment with 'gamification' which made the class unfairly demanding in comparison to other COM180 sections. Take him if you truly want to get better at speaking
5.0 : Barry Fike is a great human being, you can tell he absolutely adores his class and teaching. He makes every student feel special, and creates a comfortable environment unlike any other class I've experienced before. The hardest part about his class would be his participation credit and his long written exams, which he grades very hard.
3.5 : Do you want a relatively easy A in a GE class? Great! As a straight-A student, I did too.  But do you want to do several extra, unnecessary assignments that other COM180 sections aren't required to do?   Oh, and do you want consistent grades for your extra work (my grades: 92, 74, 37, 86, 55)?  Yeah, that's what I thought.
4.0 : You do not learn anything, but it is an easy A. Clicker points are taken at the end of class, but other than that you don't have to really participate. Extra credit is given pretty often.
5.0 : Amazing professor, super organized and his lectures are thought out to the second. There is a lot of homework, but if you do all the homework you'll do well on the exams. Don't skip lectures, once again they are very good and straightforward so take the time to learn from them and you can probably avoid the textbook.
4.0 : Great teacher.  He really wants to help you
5.0 : Dr. Lucas is amazing. His class was easy to follow and understand. I feel like I have a much better understanding of calculus. He's also very easy to get a hold of outside of class time and makes himself available during office hours. Would definitely recommend him.
4.0 : Great teacher. Has very helpful handouts.
4.5 : Mason (not John) Marshall is everything a good philosophy teacher should be. I loved his class, it was focused on discussions and not assignments. He is super easy to get along with and very encouraging. He convinced me to double major in Philosophy. You learn a lot in his class without having to do a lot, which I think is amazing. Great professor!
5.0 : Mason improved me by teaching me how to think independently and bravely about life's biggest questions. The thoroughness and dedication with which he structures his courses allow each student to get the most out of her time with him. Too, his syllabi and hand outs are models for other professors. Reallythey're spectacular.
5.0 : For an intro class, Mason does an good job covering a large area of philosophy and introducing logical ideologies and how to form arguments. HIs lectures are boring at times, but I don't know anyone who could make the subject any more interesting. Prewrite your essays, come to class, and laugh at his jokes and your pretty much set for an A.
4.0 : Prof Marshall genuinely cares about his students, in my estimation more so than any other professor I have had. He is encouraging and affirming even when the subject material is difficult. Upper division philosophy is no walk in the park with Marshall, he teaches graduate type material to undergrads and he expects you to bring it.
5.0 : Marshall is the reason why I'm majoring in Philosophy! SUCH a knowledgeable man. He wants each one of his students to succeed. His focus doesn't rely on grading you, but rather educating you and sharing the passion he has for Philosophy to his students. As for grading, don't dread it. Do amazing on the three exams that he gives and participate!
4.5 : Mason is an incredible professor. He does not spoon feed you answers; rather, he makes you think well and deep. Do whatever you can while at Pepperdine to take one of his courses.
5.0 : Excellent professor. Professor Schultz is extremely intelligent in so many ways. I enjoyed that he brought up relevant political issues. He is always there to help you with your essays and never fails to make you laugh. If you try hard and take time in this class, you'll succeed. I wish I could take it again. He's an old soul with a modern mind.
5.0 : Professor Schultz was undoubtedly one of the best educators I've ever had the privilege of learning from. He challenges you to actually think (woah!) and research about the world. You will learn to develop your own substantive and rhetorically articulate claims, which you will use as backbones for writing the strongest essays of your life.
5.0 : He is a genius.  Take intro to creative writing if you can. It's one of the best classes at Pepperdine.
5.0 : P. Schultz is one of the most unique professors here in Pepperdine. He has a great sense of humour and has an amazing insight in a lot of things we discuss in class. One of the downsides of his class was that we had many readings, but the only actual work submitted in class is 4 essays. The fourth essay a revision of the 3rd essay. Take him!
5.0 : Amazing teacher with great social and political insight. He challenges you to think, but he also makes his classroom an environment that you feel comfortable to participate in. He is a phenomenal teacher and one of the best professors at Pepperdine.
5.0 : While you do actually have to go to this class in order to succeed, you won't dread going. Dr. Schultz is one of the best professors I've ever had and he's super engaging and hilarious! There's never a dull moment in that class. And he gives amazing feedback on your essays, just go to the conferences and fix what he tells you to and you'll get an A
5.0 : soooo nice
5.0 : Amazing professor! He introduces new perspectives about everything which makes one really have to think. Highly recommend taking his class!
5.0 : 350 characters isn't enough to describe even half of the reasons that make this teacher so amazing. Honestly, I've never had a teacher like Professor Schultz before and I probably never will again. He's that special gem hiding beneath the layers of faculty staff at Pepperdine, and if you're lucky enough to get a class with him, bless your heart.
4.5 : Schultz is absolutely one of the most intelligent people at Pepperdine. No matter how awful of writer you are, if you take his class seriously, you will learn so much. Pepperdine is lucky to have him, and better realize that really soon.
4.5 : Best GE teacher I've taken while at Pepperdine. He cares about his students, knows how to make them laugh, understands you have a life, and there are no tests! As long as you show him respect and turn in assignments, you will pass this class. I highly recommend Schultz!
5.0 : Dr. Arnold is a professor that truly cares about the professional and personal well-being of his students. His exams are tough since they are all free-response, and he picks questions that test your knowledge on the material. Make sure you read the textbook, and attend class. Show that you care about his class. He is very helpful. Great professor!
5.0 : Prof. Carlsen is one of the best Spanish professors I have had at Pepperdine and he cares about his students as well as Spanish. He is available when needed and regularly updates your grade on courses (which is great because you always know where you stand)
5.0 : He's a cool uncle
4.5 : The first day he tells you you don't need the book and gives you all the tools you need to ace the class. He uses slides everyday and posts them to his website. He is really descriptive in class and loves questions. He takes attendance everyday. Beware of his dry humor and don't feel bad if he trolls you. Class is depressing, funny, and interesting
2.0 : kind of rude outside of class, ppt lectures are confusing and feel like a waste of time. basically memorize how to do math to do well on the tests. not my favorite
4.0 : Dr. Struloeff is a kind, difficult professor. For my summer session class with him, participation was 25% of my grade, so you need to talk in class. You have got to do the reading if you are able to participate in class well. We had to do 6 reading responses (out of 13 readings), one oral presentation, and a final that was tough, so do the reading.
5.0 : My favorite person on the planet!!!!
5.0 : Dra. Carlsen is definitely my favorite professor at Pepperdine. She cares about all of her students and is extremely intelligent. Her classes are a lot of work, but I learned a lot and actually enjoyed the assignments. I would recommend her to everyone
5.0 : The final is a test of the last three chapters so no need to cram. She is chill, and you can get the grade you want if put the time in. Her lecture slides are clear and organized. She is funny. She really cares about us understanding the material, she won't rush. Would definitely recommend to friends. She's known for making difficult concepts easy.
3.0 : Tips: go to class and just listen. Then go over the slides online before her many quizzes and you will be fine. The textbook is irrelevant. I never owned it and reading is not required. She doesn't do big tests, which is awesome. Always go to class and stay for her lectures after the quizzes because that's when she gives extra credit.
4.5 : Great teacher
1.0 : She only likes a few students. If she doesn't like you, dont get on her bad side. She tends to grade by favorite. Her class was exceptionally hard and always throws curveballs. She's very hard to read and sometimes feels like shes very fake with you.
5.0 : Easy A if you study your slides! You don't need the book at all. As for her papers, answer her questions and you're good to go. She knows it's a GE and she understands that your not trying to major in Psych. She does everything to make it fun, enjoyable, knowledge-filled, and it's just great overall. I promise you'll thank me later.
5.0 : Best teacher I have ever had. I would recommend her to ANYONE. She is truly a life-changing person.
2.0 : Each student seems to have varying opinions as not all students are treated equally in her class. I would have to agree with another student's comment, as the professor does often throw curveballs.
5.0 : Amazing, take her or your making a mistake..
5.0 : come to class, do all assignments &amp; study hard for his tests and you can get an A. Super cool &amp; inspirational professor!
2.5 : Professor Scott is more of a good person than a good professor. His class was probably one of the hardest classes i've taken so far. His lectures move too quickly and his tests are nearly impossible... he made us do this huge problem in the final exam that took away so much time from us. took almost an hour to do the problem. I do NOTTT recommend
5.0 : He is hands down one of the best professors out there he style of teaching is the best. If you do not show up to class your missing out because everything he shows and teaches is awesome, plus it will hurt you in your participation, attendance, and when it comes down to take the final.
3.5 : If you have the opportunity to take this class, do it. Though it may seem unnecessary and pointless in the beginning, it was probably the best class I've ever taken. He's dorky at times, but it's such an insightful and impacting class.
3.5 : If you have the opportunity to take this class, do it. Though it may seem unnecessary and pointless in the beginning, it was probably the best class I've ever taken. It's such an insightful and impacting class.
3.5 : If you have the opportunity to take this class, do it. Though it may seem unnecessary and pointless in the beginning, it was probably the best class I've ever taken. It was such an insightful and impacting class.
3.0 : 4 hour long class, where attendance matters. Don't be fooled that all you do is watch movies, you have to write a 300 word response before every class on the chapter you read, then after class another response to the movie that you watched. He takes random attendance and assigns an 8 page research paper. It's a lot of time consuming work for a GE
4.0 : Dr. Detweiler is incredibly entertaining and intelligent. You can tell he cares about what he teaches and he doesn't ask for too much. He makes his material very engaging.
5.0 : Great Prof. for the film class. I liked the lectures BETTER than the films he had us watch. He is engaging, interesting, and informative - especially if you get to know him personally. I would recommend himthe class to any friend looking for a fun, easy class to fulfill the fine arts requirement.  Few quizzesassignments. Only test is the final.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever had, and an amazing and kind hearted person! I would literally rearrange my class schedule to make sure I didn't pass up an opportunity to be in his class. Not easy, but extremely fair.
5.0 : This man is seriously one of the best instructors and best people that I have ever met! He is a great teacher and is extremely intelligent! The volume of material to study will be large, but he is fair and his tests reflect what he teaches. I wish he could teach every single biology class I take.
5.0 : By far the best professor I've ever had, and one of the most wonderful people. Dr. Harriger is intelligent, enthusiastic, and passionate. Her classes are extremely organized and it is simple to learn and follow. She is always open to discussion, questions, and supporting her students.  Prof. is humble and respectful. All of her students are lucky.
5.0 : She is very clear and thorough in her teaching.
5.0 : Dr. Harriger is the best! She uses lots of practical application. If you take good notes you don't have to read. Very accessible outside of class!
5.0 : Great teacher! By far my favorite psych professor at Pepperdine. I think she grades pretty reasonably if you know your stuff for the exams. Honestly, those who think she is a tough grader or that her exams are hard, are those who didn't study for them. Go to class, study and you will get an A.
5.0 : Dr. Kreiner is the best teacher I've had throughout my education. She's brilliant yet down to earth, serious yet always laughing, extremely knowledgeable but not obnoxious about it, and most of all, she genuinely wants you to succeed. Her learning space was a breeding grounds for creativity, and I'm now applying to MFA program because of her class.
5.0 : Great professor! She is very talented and knowledgable in writing as she is a writer and editor herself. She really wants you to get an A in the class, but you need to put in the time and effort to write an A paper. She has high expectations for A students and does everything she can to get you there.
4.5 : She is so understanding, open, honest, and easy to talk to. Clearly wants students to learn and sees the class as a big picture, not just a grade. Knowledgeable about writing and has great stories. I really enjoyed her class. The final portfolio is manageable if you keep up with assignments, which isn't awful.
4.0 : One of the better professor had Pepperdine. Just wish she graded the test instead of her aides.  Aides are robotic in nature, whereas the Professor that teaches understands the correlations better in the essays much better than a grad student.  Her 4.0 rating is fair. One of the better Professors at Pepperdine, which says a lot about their hiring.
5.0 : Professor Pfeiffer is one of the best I have taken at Pepperdine. He makes a 4 hour night class fun and engaging. His Powerpoints are so funny and I love his little anecdotes. He really knows what he is talking about and has real experience which is refreshing. Not too difficult if you pay attention and try. Definitely take his class if you can!
5.0 : Pfeiffer is easily one of the most awesome professors at Pepperdine! I highly recommend taking him for Media Law! He only offers a once a week night class, but it's totally worth it! The course is honestly super fun and time flies by! It's so easy to pay attention because he makes the content so interesting and you will actually learn something.
5.0 : Dr. Nelson is the best pre-med advisor out there. In my 2nd yr of medical school, I have UCLA students that know about the famous Dr. Nelson. Get to know her as a person as take the opportunity to learn from her pre-med wisdom. She is amazingly sweet. I consider her my Pepperdine mother but since she's CrossFit world ranked she more like a peer.
5.0 : Amazing professor.  She is clear, concise, thorough, joyous, upbeat, prepared, challenging, and has a format that will put you on track to becoming advanced in Italian.  She does not assign busy work, everything is intentional and useful.  Prof. Corbucci is caring and wants to see all of her students succeed.  I would highly recommend.
5.0 : He's a great professor! He reaches out to you and wants to get to know you on a more personal level.
5.0 : He is the head of the financial department at Pepp. He has lots of experience in the business field. You will always learn something from his lecture. He is funny and caring. He is busy but he tries to get to know you on a personal level. Be careful his requirement for projects. Some guy did not listen to him and got an F. I'd take him again
3.0 : She is so nice, but typical French teacher who is obsessed with attendance. If you miss, have a doctor's note and all documentation prepared. She's a tough grader in the sense that if you turn in something 20 minutes late, you will fail it. Her syllabus isn't clear, so ask a lot of questions. Stuff is due at random times online.
5.0 : She is one of the best French professors I have ever had. Firstly, she is thoughtful and kind, and she cares about the well being of her students. Secondly, she takes teaching the class seriously and makes you work for your grade. It is hard sometimes, but she's always available for help. You will do well if you try and care about the class.
4.5 : Professor Simonowitz is an amazing guy who truly cares about getting to know students. One amazing benefit about his class is the small class size. It's really easy to get help during office hours. Arabic is an amazing language. Everyone should take it! Sad that more people don't take it at Pepperdine.
4.0 : Simonowitz is probably one of the most personable professors I have ever met. If you miss his class he won't hold it against you but he does expect you to keep up by doing the online homework (be prepared it is roughly 2-3 solid hours of homework every night). He is always available to help you during office hours. He truly cares about his students
5.0 : Great teacher who is well versed in his field.  I would absolutely take him again.  Funny, professional and interesting!
5.0 : Makes everyone call him Brian. Best advertising teacher. His 4-hour class sometimes seems very long, but he will only teach what is necessary, and helps you VERY much by "hinting" what will be on his tests. He always says "I don't give you grades, you earn them". If you listen in class you will get an A.
5.0 : Anthony Gorton is one of my favorite professors. Ever. He's an old man with a British accent, and is woke af  He is indeed a tough grader, but his lectures are honestly really entertaining. He's snarky and makes comments about things in history that you'll only catch if you're paying attention.  I had him for HUM 212, HUM 313, and HIST 204
4.0 : Gorton is the man.
3.0 : It's an interesting class to take abroad, because it's applicable and helps make connections while you're traveling, but it is time consuming! Way more work than there should be for a 3 unit class and he is difficult to follow along with in class. Be prepared for a hard course!!
2.0 : Toughest class i've had by far. He's not good about putting up grades, pop quizzes are tough, won't give full credit on a lot of assignment. His lectures are very long and he goes off on tangents. Very interesting guy, just pretty tough
4.0 : Dr. Gorton is a really cool and interesting professor. Unfortunately he is a very tough grader. It is very difficult to get an A in his class. It takes a lot of work just to get an A-. He is a brilliant guy and fascinating to talk to and his lectures are interesting.
4.5 : Dr. Gorton is a great professor, very interesting to talk to/listen too. The issue is he is a very hard grader. It is difficult to get an A in the class.
5.0 : Taking a class from a museum curator has been one of the best experiences as an art history student, from Prof K's accessibility to providing us with hands-on opportunities to see works of art up close. Prof K wove a global narrative throughout every single lecture, using maps, websites, and various readings to craft a unique and inspiring course
4.5 : I'm an older student taking Prof K, as he signs his e-mails, and I'm amazed how immature and entitled the students are in class (and clearly here, per the below student)! I'm used to having to work hard for a good grade, so be prepared to read, study for tests, and pay attention in class. Prof K is incredibly responsive and supportive! Work hard!
4.0 : Literally one of the BEST professors at Pepperdine, especially for his young age! Yes, you have to work for your grade, you have to read, and you have to pay attention during lectures, but it's worth it!  Keene is hilarious, a little sassy, and loves what he teaches! The class is hard work, but it is so interesting and he offers extra credit!
5.0 : He is a wonderful professor and person. He works incredibly hard to ensure student's success. ( Ex: in-depth study guides, extra credit, posts his powerpoints, rewrites, and holds study sessions)  He is brilliant and teaches everything that is on the tests.
5.0 : Lots to read, lots to know, but Prof. Keene is so enthusiastic about the material that you want to succeed.
5.0 : I've just begun this class and already Professor Keene is so willing to help answer my many questions. His lectures are packed with so many amazing stories and details, and he engages with the class a lot. He also keeps it interesting at 8AM!
5.0 : He is one of the most active people, let alone professors, I have met: he prepares so thoroughly for lectures (even with current social media references!), curates at an art museum, &amp; is so well-read. One word: relevance. That's what he emphasizes. Why should we care about something? This class has been very meaningful. But yeah, it's hard too.
3.5 : Great Professor, but do not take advantage of his kindness. Definitely go to office hours if you need help, and do not get behind on readings. Though attendance is not mandatory, you will not get good grades if you don't go to class. He is a very entertaining professor, but it is a little hard to pay attention to the actual core material at 8 am.
3.0 : Alright, so I can't really say too many negative things about Professor Keene. He is clear with what he expects for the most part, and he is willing to help if you ask.   He goes way too fast during lectures and it is pretty hard for me to catch everything, but that may just be because I kind of cant stand history.  He offers lots of EC.
5.0 : HUM 111 was the first class I took at Pepperdine and I was immediately impressed with the way that Prof K addressed complex / controversial topics, like gender, race, or sexuality. I had also never studied Islam in relation to European history, and he was really thoughtful in presenting history, religion, and politics, especially at a Christian uni
5.0 : Just finished taking the other Hum classes and all I can say is Keene should teach them all. He's the only prof that actually cares about making the course relevant for today. He seems so effortless when teaching but clearly puts tons of time into preparing. He's so interesting and knowledgeable and engaging!!
3.5 : Professor Keene is awesome. He really does help if you ask for it. The tests are very hard but he gives you lots of extra credit opportunities.  He is funny and really love what he teaches. If you post online about him, he WILL find it. And he will post it in class. His bow ties are cool. If you take him, it will be hard, but you'll learn a lot.
4.0 : Professor Keene has so much energy at 8am, and he knows so much about so many random things! He talks enthusiastically fast and is pretty funny. He is a tough grader but gives plenty of extra credit (but yo have to actually work for it). He also gives amazing travel advice!!
4.0 : Humanities courses in general are Eurocentric and lame. Ditto most classes at Pepperdine. Professor Keene likes to shake things up by including material not in the textbook, and it's so cool that he has an entire museum worth of art to draw from! Professor Keene makes the world seem so enticing, and he speaks like a thousand languages.
4.5 : I have literally never worked so hard in my life on a class, but at least Professor Keene gives extra credit, and reads and rereads your papers, so the grade is fair.  I went into the class expecting to relearn AP world history, but Professor Keene goes into way more detail and is more fun. Some students were really mean to him this semester though
2.5 : This class was extremely difficult because of the amount of material that had to be memorized. Professor Keene is willing to help if you need it, but the tests are hard. Luckily, extra credit opportunities are available which does help a lot. You can do well without going to class, but you must keep up with the reading if you want to do well.
1.5 : He makes the class way to hard for a general education requirement. If you are not an art history major do not take him. He teaches history through works of art literature and expects you to be able to critically analyze art. I hated this class!  I will say he is passionate though, and would be an excellent art history prof.
5.0 : Haters gonna hate, but yeah, tons of reading, lots to know, but at least he's not boring. It's refreshing to learn about how art relates to literature, and he asked us to question things we learn. Number one tip: Just listen in lecture and then do the reading.
3.5 : Just barely got the grade I wanted because of Professor Keene being so gracious. It seems pretty impossible to cover everything from Neanderthals to the Renaissance, but somehow we made it, but some of the stuff could be left out (Mesopotamia). I think professor keene really wants to listen to his students needs
3.5 : I don't know where this guy gets all his energy from (ok coffee, but really). I failed my first exam (slept in), but knew what to expect on the next exams and did better. Study, go to class, read the book, and go to his office hours. And he's a hottie with cute scarves. Sit close.
5.0 : Professor Chesnutt is the most awesome professor at Pepperdine! He really knows his stuff and is very passionate about it which is great to see. His lectures are funny at times with his anecdotes and slides which is refreshing. Not too difficult of a class is you pay attention and stay on top of things. Absolutely recommend - love him!
5.0 : He is very organized and clear. Everything is basically on his power point. A lot of memorizing. The Getty Villa paper is very interesting. Grade  three exams, two map quizzes, and a small paper.
4.0 : She is a kind professor and seems to be passionate about her area of expertise. She is pretty easy-going and teaches well. The class I took was mostly interesting, and her notes and lectures prepare you well for the quizzes. It isn't an "easy A" class, but if you put in the time and effort, you should do well.
5.0 : Great guy. And really Funny. Takes time to make sure you understand the topic.
5.0 : No outside homework was required, but it was recommended. If you do it, it makes such a difference on the tests. Mathews is extremely well versed in his material, and caused me to take an even greater interest in the Old Testament. His tests are difficult if you don't go to class. But if you take thorough notes in his class, you'll be fine.
5.0 : Mathews is a very good professor, super organized and objective guy. I took Rel 101 and he did a great job teaching it from a academic perspective (being nonreligious I anticipated it would be 'preachy' but it was very insightful). Lots of reading, but if you take good notes and pay attention, don't skip class, and you'll do well.
5.0 : He is a really good professor, and cares how his students do. Don't walk in expecting to make an easy A, but if you put the time in, you will be fine. He gives really good notes, and easy to follow syllabus.
4.0 : He is a nice guy, and seems to know his subject matter. He doesn't make the class too interesting, but it's bearable to the point that it's not boring. If you put in the work, you should be able to do well in the class.
5.0 : He is such a nice professor. His test are a little technical like specific dates and stuff. Other than that , it is not a hard class, but even if you think you know a lot about the Bible, don't expect to get an easy A. You will have to still put in a little time.
4.5 : Stef is really sweat and helpful! She just graduated from Penn State and has lots of practical experience in this field. She knows what she is doing. I love her because she is really understanding and supportive for her kids. she stresses her principles in her own polite and approachable way. Love her an Easy A! I would love to take her again!
5.0 : De Los Santos is the nicest person. She goes above and beyond to help students, but it's TONS of work and the class is super fast pace. She's also a really hard grader, so don't expect to get an A in the class. The AP and LA Times quizzes are also tough to keep up with.
5.0 : De Los Santos is the nicest human being. She cares about her students and looks out for them. She's AMAZING at what she does and knows what she's talking about. She brings snacks to every class, and it doesn't seem like much, but it makes people's days. The workload is SUPER heavy, but she's there to help in any way she can.
5.0 : a really good journalism professor. She knows broadcast journalism very well. Her lectures are interesting and helpful. She is a very nice person who is always willing to help you outside of class.  Dr. de los Santos is one of my favorite professors. The class was not hard at all as long as you turn in all the assignments and study for the quizes.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR. Don't need to read the book. Very educated in broadcast journalism. Fun class. No midterm or final.
5.0 : One of my all time favorite teachers. She really wants you succeed and improve. Her Spanish classes are tough, but if you tell her you are struggling, she is more than happy to help you.
5.0 : The best!!!!! Willing to help, funny, and very giving. Hard, but worth it.
5.0 : By far, best professor I've taken at Pepperdine. She is sweet, understanding, and extremely helpful. TAKE HER
5.0 : Dr. Dillion is a good, caring professor. She is very kind and helpful during office hours. There is a lot of reading, which is key to passing the class; make sure you pay attention in class and know the readings well. Sometimes she will shorten the required reading if it is too much. It's like an English class, so more authors and artists to know.
5.0 : Great Professor
5.0 : Probably one of my favorite professors at Pepperdine. Take him if you have the chance!!!
5.0 : Professor Kalinkewicz is great at what he does and is obviously passionate about it. He is very helpful, kind, knowledgeable, and funny. He makes class interesting. He teaches things and explains projects and grading very clearly. He gives great advice and also listens well to everyone's opinions and stories during class discussions.
4.0 : The class is a speech class and he understands some people are natural public speakers while others are not, and grades you on your own personal growth.
4.5 : Excellent professor.  Upbeat, warm, welcoming.  But, the class is no piece of cake.  But, she makes it so that all of the hours put in are a joy, not work.  I am more cultured, educated, and passionate about Italian Cinema, Literature, and Opera because of her.  I would HIGHLY recommend.  Don't be afraid of the challenge, you won't regret it.
5.0 : Her tests were hard and more work than I expected but I learned a lot. The team project was fun and I feel that she really cares about her students. But still, the tests were hard. She gave us all her PPTs and I still had to study a lot.
5.0 : Professor Griswold is very nice and helpful but I have to agree with the other student that her tests are hard. But she allows us to use her powerpoints as study guides and our grades were based on more than one thing. We had team projects and labs and a really cool program called Sniffy. Overall, I liked the class and the professor.
4.0 : Excellent professor.  Excellent book. She's really funny too.
5.0 : She helped me a lot during the course! She is such a wonderful professor.
4.0 : Took Intermediate Statistics from her. It is a dry subject with confusing concepts, but she managed to make it stick and sometimes even interesting! Professor Griswold is very accommodating, reasonable, and willing. Plus, she's funny.
4.0 : great teacher,  participation matters even though she doesn't check sometimes if ur lucky but go anyway. she will make sure you understand. does plenty of examples on board. test questions pretty similar to examples in class so study those.
4.5 : I took Intermediate Stats with her; she made a dry and boring topic interesting and even occasionally fun. Easy grader, but covered a lot of material in class.
5.0 : I was struggling in the class Prof. Griswold did everything she could to help me. She strongly encourages students to come to office hours. She is funny and her classes go quickly. Awesome Prof! Great class to take for a math GE
3.5 : She is willing to help and has office hours, but I never used them. If you are naturally good at math, then this course is easy. She tries to scare away students by making it seem extremely difficult, but follow her lectures and read if you don't understand a concept. She made the class super interesting and applied the concepts learned.
4.0 : One of The best professors I've had a Pepperdine. She's really funny, relatable and reaches out and provides tons of feedback. Her classes are so organized and quizzes are online. She offers all her power points and is crystal clear. I did well but I had to work for it.  Take her if you can.
4.5 : Ha ha ha someone hates her because she wears uggs. That's really comforting to know that someone's critique of a prufessor's competence is based on jealous assessments of her wardrobe.  Dr. Linka rocks those uggs and looks like a former super model. She's also a great teacher.
4.0 : If you put forth effort, you can easily get an A. Professor Griswold is very considerate when grading and cares about the success of her students. I would recommend taking her because she is an easy grader.
5.0 : Fantastic professor; eager to share her experience and love of statistics. Breaks it down for the rest of us who do not speak the language of stats as fluently. Hard A but I was able to earn a high grade by working hard.
4.0 : Took her PSYC 315 course and passed with a solid A! She is there when you need her. All materials are posted online which make it easy. Read the book, her lectures are word for word from it. Don't read, don't show up, you won't pass. It is such an easy and interesting class. Some may have a different opinion, but I like to pass, it is up to you.
4.5 : The material itself can be difficult, but all of her tests are open notes, so if you take good notes during her lecture, you'll be fine. She wants you to do well and is willing to work with you. She's really intelligent and passionate about the subject and has had lots of experience in the field. Not available in person often, but will take calls.
3.5 : Passionate about the subject.  Facilitates class discussion.  Relatable and young.
3.5 : I had Professor Griswold for Intermediate Statistics and she was extremely helpful. The class was designed to where we came out with a finished research study that could be used as a tool in later grad school applications. She was helpful and made time to make sure the students understood. I would definitely recommend taking a class with her.
5.0 : Pay attention to her, read the textbook or her powerpoints. I took her 315 class over summer and got an A. First A in the psychology major. She's funny and really an awesome forward thinking professor. Possibly one of the best professors I taken at Pepperdine.
3.5 : I struggle with math but this class isn't too difficult.  Although she doesn't take attendance, show up.  Class notes are extremely helpful for tests.  Only 2 pop quizzes.  Lowest test score dropped.  1 big group project (worth a lot of points but not super time consuming). Overall good class.
4.5 : She genuinely cares about her students and if they are understanding the material.  She absolutely loves her subject and is extremely knowledgable.  She's a very nice person and is more than willing to help whenever you need it.
5.0 : She is very helpful, clear, and passionate about what she does. There is not much homework, but do it when she assigns it. Her class is interesting, often discussion-based. The only hard part is the 8 page research paper she assigns. Do NOT leave that until the last minute. Overall, she's awesome and her class rules!
4.5 : She is a great teacher! Very pretty and outgoing, almost feels like you are girlfriends chatting it up! Yet you still respect her and she grades hard. She has high expectations for her students and you learn a lot in the class. Be prepared to work hard and be in class everyday because it counts
4.0 : She's such a fun teacher. She's engaging, humorous, and the work and exams aren't too bad. If you have the chance to take her for a class, do it. She seems passionate about her job, and is one of the debate team coaches as well. She also does a lot of interactive stuff that's actually teaches you the theories and are pretty interesting and fun.
4.0 : Different from any professor I have had at Pepperdine.  I loved coming to class and learned a lot.
3.5 : Williams is energetic &amp; engaged in her teaching. The class calls for a lot of assignments. You'll get 100% on your lens outlines if you have her review &amp; you edit it. Her tests are hard! It's often hard to communicate with her get an email response from her.
5.0 : Life changing class for a GE. Get into her section for public speaking if you can.
4.5 : Prof Williams is very enthusiastic. She creates a class atmosphere that's fun to be in. She can be very strict about being on time, especially for an 8am. Her class has been very interactive and there has been a lot of application of the communication theories.
4.5 : Professor Williams is quirky and makes the class fun. She can be tough to make an appointment with but she is great to talk to, she was very helpful and takes the time to give specific feedback. Her tests are tough but she tests on lectures so go to class.  She is very understanding and a great mentor outside of class. She is hard not to like.
4.5 : Just left the final and it was hard like the midterm, but I will miss the class. Prof Williams always smiles and jokes. She never seems to have a bad day and seems to try hard to keep everyone into the information. One of my favorite people at Pepp!
4.5 : Class is fun and you will learn a lot. The best things about prof are her energy and honesty. Says things during lectures that are unexpected for a prof but it is refreshing. She is a too strict about attendance and turning in assignments on time but everything else about her teaching makes up. Great smile too, easy to watch lecture.
5.0 : Just finished Prof Williams COM200 class. She's without a doubt one of my new favorite teachers at Pepperdine. I missed the course evals to rate her teaching so I'm letting it out on here - it's simple, you have to take her. You won't be disappointed. She's brilliant, funny, entertaining, and cares deeply about her work and the students. A+ teach.
4.5 : I also forgot to do the evals because it's summer, but this woman is everything! Funny, smart, witty, nice, gives great examples of material, makes class fun, I could go on and on. We had DANCE BREAKS between lectures! The class is not easy but is doable if you get feedback from her and she is worth every minute of the work. I love this woman!
5.0 : Prof Williams is my favorite. She's super down to earth and funny. She is a little bit of a tough grader but if you study and keep up you can easily get an A. She's very understanding and I wouldn't want any other teacher for Com!!!
5.0 : He was a fantastic Professor who was completely willing to offer help if I ever needed it. He was always very clear with his teachings and unlike most other classes I feel like I actually kind of grew as a person. He is able to teach you everything that needs to be taught without over working you which is awesome and I loved his class a lot.
5.0 : Professor Pendergraft is the best. While Epistemology is kind of a dry subject, he did his best to make discussion lively. He is eager to help every student... I had no philosophy background at the beginning of the course, and he helped me get a firm grasp on every topic. Very kind, very understanding, and very outgoing. Take Pendergraft!
5.0 : Professor Henisey is my favorite professor that I had last semester. The way he teaches makes the material very accessible, even when the concepts are hard. He makes himself very available to students, and is really accommodating if you can't make his office hours. Would definitely take him again.
5.0 : Honestly Dr. Henisey is the best professor I've ever had. To the commenter who said his tests are impossible to pass, I consistently scored very well (without the curve, mind you) on tests in both of his classes, so that's false. He loves his students, he loves teaching, and he makes you love physics. He's amazing.
5.0 : Henisey is my favorite Professor at Pepperdine and I think you would be hard pressed to find someone who cares more about their students. He is easy to understand, passionate about what he teaches, and always available to his students. Every day I leave class excited to come back. He does expect a lot from you, but it makes you a better student.
4.0 : He will remember you...
5.0 : He's worked at the university for a really long time, and has held several positions, including the director of athletics. I took his 1st-year seminar class (Why Sports?). The material wasn't that interesting, but I'm glad I was in it because he's such a nice guy and really cares about his students. He is there when you need him for any help.
4.5 : Dr. Dent is my idol.  She's so difficult, but so amazing.  She prays at the beginning of the week in her classes which is really cool, and also she goes into great depth and really helps her students when they need it.  Because she covers so much though, her tests are super hard.
5.0 : The sweetest, mellowest, and kindest professor I've ever had. She really cares about each of her students, and will go out of her way to see how you're doing and how she can help. There's a lot of material, but she makes it fun to learn and her tests are pretty similarly structured. I also love how she prays every Monday before class!
5.0 : Wow this class was difficult. Awesome teacher who really cares about her students but her tests are just too hard. At the end, half the class dropped, and even the students who remained had low grades. Really good at teaching but not very good at evaluating her students.
4.0 : Very difficult class. Dr. Dent is an extremely tough grader and makes it difficult for her students to feel safe about their grades. A very large amount of studying for decent grades. Glad its over.
5.0 : Very active and funny as well as interesting in lectures. Tests are average. Brings in speakers that also talk about life lessons in marketing. Very helpful and helps struggling students. If you have no experience you will be enlightened on the subject. Knows Chinese words and China's background for business. Well rounded professor. Cordial.
4.5 : This class is what you make it. She does not trick people on tests, there are no surprises. Do the readings, follow what she tells you to do, talk to her when you need help and WORK HARD. Hardest class I have taken, but this is what a college class should be like. Best professor I've had at Pepp, always willing to help if you put in the effort.
5.0 : She is my fav teacher at Pepperdine. I actually learned knowledge from her. Though the class is kinda hard, but she is willing to help if you are paying attention in the class. The class is not hard as long as you do the assigned readings.
4.0 : Professor Faegri is amazing. She's incredibly knowledgeable and knows how it applies to everything. She never seems lost and doesn't rarely goes off topic. She's a little monotone, but after a couple classes she warms up and you'll be able to joke with her in class. She comes off as this crazy grader who's really strict, but she's really fair.
4.5 : The class isn't that hard if you show up to class and do at least half of the reading. She gives you study guides for the exams (only 2 per semester) and they're straight off the guide. Also if you want that A or high B, you must talk to her and show some effort.
5.0 : Dr. Dong is super sweet and helpful. The way he covers material is very organized and methodical. Tests are hard but fair, you just have to practice a lot.
5.0 : Dr. Dong is the most helpful teacher I've ever had.  Ochem is so daunting, but he makes it easy to understand and interesting.  He is funny, smart, and approachable.  Probably wouldn't have passed ochem had I taken it with another teacher.
5.0 : THE BEST PROF EVER! He is cares about his students and wants them to succeed. You have to keep up with the studying and it's all doable. You can go in during office hours and just talk to him about anything. He is one of the professors I can get educational and spiritual support. He is a prof I really want to keep in contact for the rest of my life
4.0 : A great teacher that has videos in his lectures, which is helpful for visual learners. He also shares his ways of studying throughout the semester. He records the lectures so if you miss a day or need to review a concept its on the class website. Quizzes once week, tests every couple of weeks and Labs are every week.
5.0 : He is chill and I would recommend him. Unfortunately he is not going to teach this class in the future
5.0 : His OB class requires quite a bit of work and a lot of writing. For this level of class, I feel like the amount of required work is acceptable. His lectures are really interesting and funny.
3.5 : (FOR MY 1ST YR SEMINAR) He's nice and easy-going. Often doing nothing during class which was nice to do other work except when we did activities that seemed like invaluable time-fillers. My main complaint is he's unclear about assignments, but overall a good prof. He's very knowledgeable about starting websites. No HW--a couple big assignments.
5.0 : Professor is one of the few Id love to take again, he cares about his students and OB. Loved taking his course and would do again in a heartbeat
4.0 : Professor Blakely is an excellent lecturer, I understand all the theories and ideas he tries to explain in class. However, he is a VERY harsh grader. if you thought you were pretty good at writing essays, think again. His prompts are easy to understand but very difficult to answer. You need to be very logical and philosophical to take this class.
3.5 : I love Blakely he is an absolute awesome professor and person.  Unfortunately as a professor and a Seminar he is way too tough.  He was very helpful but didn't have a ton of office hours.  Get Ready to read and if you don't go to class good luck understanding.
5.0 : He is a new prof, but one of the best in the poli sci dept. I found his class challenging, but if you do the reading, you'll be fine. Not an easy grader, but he's very fair, and you'll for sure become a better analytical writer. I agree with everything said above as well (esp flexibility with office hours!!!), and I highly recommend him!
3.0 : Very tough class. The theories are not hard to understand and are actually very interesting. No tests, but your entire grade depends on 4 essays. The essay prompts are easy to understand, but impossible to answer. Lots of participation debate in class so if you're not the eloquent type, you pretty much live in the shadow. Very harsh grader.
5.0 : Pepperdine is lucky to have snagged Blakely. He's great and you learn so much. Structures discussion to help you think through your opinions. He's very intellectual, but don't let it get to you. Always willing to help you out. Tests are challenging, but won't be too bad if you do all the readings (cannot stress enough) and DO NOT CRAM.
5.0 : Blakely is an amazingly knowledgeable professor, and he does a great job at clearly and aggressively diving into texts. Some of the concepts are difficult to grasp, but if you do the readings, it will definitely be worth your time.
4.0 : Lecture puts reading into perspective of larger ideologies. Hard to stay motivated to do the readings, though, since the lectures cover all the readings.
5.0 : If you have space &amp; time to take one of Dr. Blakely's polysci/philosophy courses &amp; are genuinely interested in reading and learning more about what some of history's greatest thinkers wrote about, enroll! He's Incredibly knowledgable, Lectures are 100% worthwhile to attend. 1 hr lect., 1hr discussion, helpful in developing critical thinking skills.
5.0 : Best Great Books professor! Dr. Rodeheffer is incredibly intelligent, loves the material she teaches, and is always happy to advise students' essays or just talk about life. This is a professor who genuinely cares about her students, and she has made my Great Books experience truly GREAT!
2.5 : I really enjoyed Dr. Rodeheffer's class. She is an excellent professor and truly knows the material. She also is always looking for ways to make the class fun and interesting. My only critique is that she plays favorites... Even if you are a good student, if she does not like you, you will have problems. Be careful about how you act/what you say.
4.5 : She was absolutely the highlight of freshmen year. She's super tough and will ask the hard questions, but she really fosters an open learning environment and helps the students grow together and work as a team.
3.5 : Harmon is nice, but she was a visiting adjunct so she didn't really know what she was doing. It was boring and lecture-based. Either get the book or go to class, it's the same.
4.0 : Professor Harmon is extremely kind and makes the class incredibly easy. Perhaps too easy. If you're a religion major, I suggest you take someone else, but if you want to pass religion with minimal stress and work, she's great.
4.5 : Super cool prof. As a Christian I was proud of how she handled a religion class at a Christian University. Very cool.
5.0 : Easy class but engaging. The material was more controversial than I would have guessed. Made for lively discussions that help pass the time. Don't need the book, but pay attention to the essay requirements. Good prof, I'd take her again.
5.0 : Best mandatory religion class I've taken.
3.5 : He sometimes goes at a fast-pace, but understands it's your first time speaking the language and doesn't take off points on tests for every little mistake. He's willing so slow down &amp; explain stuff. Overall he's a decent professor and funny at times, you just need to make sure you do the short assignments he gives you every day and you'll be fine.
4.5 : Prof. Huddlestone is the best French professor I've had so far at Pepperdine. He makes you speak in class and doesn't make you feel stupid if you don't get something. Tests aren't hard if you listen in class and study from the textbook.
4.5 : He's the coolest professor at Seaver. He makes a 4-hr class 2.5 hours because he knows everyone wants to leave after 8. His books and videos are interesting. Group project is developing a business plan for an idea from your group. He's got businesses and connections so ask him to mentor you. Final is very simple. He's tells you half of the answers.
4.5 : Really cool guy, he actually stresses more on being a good human being first with everything he says or does.  Such a welcome refreshment in the middle of all the maddening MBA chaos. Would take him again to get a real, balanced and humane overview of issues we face today!
3.5 : Great teacher, interesting topics.
5.0 : She is absolutely amazing! She covers very interesting topics and is so passionate about what she teaches. She really makes the classroom a comfortable space to share your ideas and she creates such a free and expressive vibe in the class. Really recommend taking her at least once.
3.5 : Just a beautiful, beautiful man.
5.0 : If you get the chance to take HUM 313 with him, do it. He is the most clear, clever, engaging, and funny prof I have had. I learned a ton- intellectually challenging but not hard to get a good grade. We learned about evaluating important arguments that have been put forth throughout history. TAKE HIM! Best prof at Pep!
5.0 : Bogardus is the best professor I've had at Pepperdine: very clear, challenging, and direct. Phil Religion is tough to teach since it's a mix of philosophy majors and newbies to philosophy, but his lectures start slow and then ramp up as we delve into the issues. The syllabus is super helpful, with links to readings, lectures, and handouts. Great!
5.0 : The subject is difficult and the discussions are sometimes hard to follow. But it's worth it. This class made me realize how watered down most other courses are. Made me a better thinker.
5.0 : Dr. Bogardus is a great teacher. He cares about his students and he is clear about what he expects. This class not only made me a better writer, but also a better thinker as well. Take this class if you want to improve your ability to think.
5.0 : The material was great, but you simply must take a class with this professor. Bogardus is hands down the best at Pepperdine. I've seen him critique other professors' work, and the dude is devastating. Fun to watch! He tones it down in class and is supportive, friendly, and hilarious, but his comments are spot-on and you'd do well to listen.
4.5 : He's an okay teacher. He's not completely boring, but he's not super interesting and engaging either. In the end, it was fine though. The class is pretty easy, as long as you show up and do all the work, and there's not even much work either. The class usually starts with a presentation by a student, and then he sorta lectures and shows videos.
4.0 : He is the best! This class is an easy A, but is so interesting. All graded assignments are incredibly easy, but he does take forever to grade. My favorite professor this semester for sure!
3.0 : Really cool teacher, good style of teaching. a bit vague when it comes to grading, but classes have great discussions, really cool topics, and awesome guest speakers! would recommend!
4.0 : Great teacher, lectures a bit dry but he ends class early and you only have 5 assignments
5.0 : Great professor! Super nice guy and is obviously incredibly passionate about the class! He really cares about his students and will always offer help if needed. Just a very easygoing guy and fun to talk to!
5.0 : Really enjoyed the class.  Teacher was clear about assignments and grading, and homework was sometimes fun.
5.0 : Even as a non art major i got a lot out of this class and especially this teacher.  Really helpful, and encouraging.  The assignements were challenging but not out of control for a non art major.  I recomend.
5.0 : Useful information for art/education majors.   The projects are really fun, the policy of public education sucks but the teacher does her best to keep it interesting.
5.0 : ive been meaning to write a review, this professor is really great, helped me a lot to learn new ceramics techniques, i was really into it and wish i could take it again, its a good release if you have a lot of book classes to get your hands dirty in the clay, teacher really cares about the students, she even stayed after lots of times ,
5.0 : Really nice teacher who takes the time to help and genuinely likes her students.
4.5 : great professor, one of the most helpful in all of my years here.  Funny and helpful.
5.0 : While the daily quizzes over the reading were annoying, they were pretty basic if you did the reading (and even when I didn't, I would still get 810). The class is organized, and she's the greatest. The information you're learning is generally relevant, and the speeches you're required to give really will help you become a more confident speaker.
5.0 : Extremely helpful and nice young professor. You should write notes when you read the book (for the tests) and need to spend a lot of time preparing speeches to do well. She has high standards but wants to see you succeed.
5.0 : Wonderful COM 180 professor, friendly and personable, Professor Navarro is always there when you need her.  You do have to put in some effort to the class; but it is well worth it.  Her lectures are interesting, and she is crystal clear on what she expects of her students.  She is always willing to help you improve, and gives you stellar feedback.
4.0 : Extremely helpful. Great about reviewing  your projects if you ask. You really need to take notes during class to study for exams (which are tougher than you'd think for a Storytelling Through Media class). Lectures are ok. Projects include photography, podcast, video, and website in addition to exams.
3.0 : Oh Dr. Ahn...  Dr. Ahn is a very nice man.  You can tell that he definitely tries his best to teach and takes his job very seriously. However, his english skills and the clarity of deadlines and assignments can be hazy.  Overall, he is very helpful if you make the effort to get help.  He gives the occasional reading quizzes and his tests are basic
4.5 : Dr. Ahn is new , so I think he is still perfecting his skills. Overall, I liked his class, the interactive nature. He uses various methods of teaching like interactive lessons and class activities that demonstrate his enthusiasm.  I enjoy his personality and find him very likable.  Always available, kind, and eager to help.
4.0 : He is one of the most considerate professors I have ever had.  I love he is devoted to his students best interests.  He presents information in a way that is easy to understand and engaging. Sometimes his pronunciations of words causes confusion, but it's generally not an  issue. Great person who tries to incorporate Christianity into advertising.
4.0 : Adv375 is mainly 1 big group project: there are examsfinals amidst group reports, research, executive summary, assignments, and presentations. Dr. Ahn is helpful &amp; nice. If you give him feedbackconcerns he will help youalter the class. He's quick to respond to email.
5.0 : Dr. Ahn is the best Advertising professor I've had in Pepperdine! He is kind, understanding and really wants to help his students succeed. His lectures are fun and engaging and I really learned a lot from his class. As long as you follow instructions in group projects and do your assignments, it's not hard to get an A!
3.0 : Ahn is a really nice guy and his class is manageable. However, sometimes his grading is all over the place which can be super frustrating. There's a lot of quizzes and homework assignments which kinda sucks. It oftentimes feels like busy work. Also beware of his 3 absence policy. If you miss more than 3 classes you will automatically fail the class
4.0 : Great instructor. He is kind, clear, and enthusiastic. He really knows what he's doing when it comes to feedback and his lectures. His assignments are clearly presented, and he makes himself available for students. His lectures are not only engaging, they are well-prepared and relevant. Loved Kahoot quiz and FB assignment.
4.0 : Four mini projects throughout semester.  I liked the projects and working with different groups. I really enjoyed activities Dr. Ahn assigned. They are all very fun to do and I learned a lot.  I like how he outlines what will be done in class that day and follows that outline. The class is very formulaic and engaging.
5.0 : Professor Ahn is great. His lectures are very organized and structured. Class consists of one big group project, mini quizzes, and two tests. If you look over his notes from the previous class the quizzes will be a breeze. Very manageable class and funny professor.
5.0 : I love Professor Ahn! He makes class so entertaining and enjoys bringing humor into his lecture, but also explains the material in an engaging way. His passion  for advertising are genuine and contagious to students. The assignments and activities he assigned are all very fun to do and I learned a lot. There is a lot of work but it's necessary.
5.0 : I LOVE Professor Ahn's enthusiasm. It truly distinguishes him among other professors. His energy is a vehicle for better learning. He goes above and beyond. Intentionally picking an interesting brand for the final project, taking interactive videos, and designing fun review-session that he "premiers" in  class. He really goes the extra mile.
4.5 : ADV 275 summer class was smashed into 4 weeks so assignments on top of the group project and tests like a lot on top of each other. PERSONALLY, I find the subject fascinating and I love how engaging the class is. Ever single class Dr. Ahn makes sure to include some interactive activity to hep use understand and retain the material.
4.0 : Professor Ahn is a genuine and caring person who want each person to be happy and well. He is excited about every class and makes each class engaging and unique. Never had a class quit like this one. Very fun and interactive. I would say that he is one of my favorite professors at Pepperdine.
4.0 : He's funny, super nice, and thoughtful about changing test dates and content. His English skills are sub-par: an assignment rubric literally said "No grammar or spelling or mistakes."
5.0 : Dr. Ahn is by far one of the most engaging, innovative, and proactive professors I have ever had. I constantly find myself practically applying the material we learn in class to other areas of study and other classes or projects, because he made it so memorable and easy to comprehend. He's professional and respectable but he is so fun and funny!
4.5 : Pro. Ahn is funny and nice.  He is always  willing to help. I admire his creativity. The lectures and in-class activities are very hands-on and I learn a lot from them.  I really like the FB fan page- it's cool to see what other people post.  I  appreciate the format of the powerpoint slides. He needs slower on powerpoints though.
5.0 : Only two exams. 4 projects that are a decent amount of work but can save your grade. Amazing Professor who is extremely passionate about the subject. Has an amazing story and brings personal experiences into his lectures. I took this course as an elective and recommend it to everyone. Barton is one of the best professor I've had at Pepperdine!
5.0 : Really knows his material.  So many areas of study within his subject but he's well-informed about them all, welcomes questions with a really humble attitude, makes you curious to know more.  Shows a genuine passion for world religions and frames complex concepts/ideas in an understandable way.
5.0 : Dr. Barton is a great professor. He is very knowledgeable about the world religions, and is very respectful of them all.  There are 2 exams, 3 current event reports, 3 projects, and 10 reading assignments. It seems like a lot, but it's a very manageable class. The exams are only lecture-based, and the readings are not long. Meaningful class overall
5.0 : Amazing teacher, Religions of the world is the best class I have taken at Pepperdine
5.0 : Dr. Barton is my favorite teacher at Pepperdine. Every student should take his world religions class. I also took 301 (Christianity and Islam) and there was more reading but less work in total. If you pay attention in class and do the homework which is easy but thought-provoking, you'll do fine. He's inspirational and has the best corny dad jokes.
5.0 : By far the best class Pepperdine has to offer. Take this class whether you need it or not. If you have a religious background it's a great class. If you don't it's still a phenomenal class. Please do yourself a favor and at least meet the guy
5.0 : Dr. Barton is an amazing teacher. He is knowledgeable, relatable, and inspiring. This class is one of the most important classes I will ever take because it made me aware of my global neighbors.
5.0 : Professor Barton is the most compassionate professor I've encountered during my time at Pepperdine. He speaks from experience and is a great speaker and storyteller. He also happens to be hilarious when he's not even trying! Take his class and you won't be disappointed.
5.0 : Dr. Barton is a phenomenal human. He is incredibly compassionate and loves his students. He's hilarious and engaging. The last two weeks of class are entirely optional, yet well over 50% of the class chose to come just to soak in his wisdom. Take him, especially since rel 526 counts toward your non-western. (he also rounded my grade. bless him)
5.0 : Jacob was very helpful, short classes, lenient, easy tests!
5.0 : Professor O'Connor is a great professor. He is really kind, personable, and very helpful. For my summer session with him, I had 4 speeches, 2 exams, and a couple quizzes. His exams and quizzes are manageable; as long as you do the reading and take lecture notes, you'll be fine. He is not too tough on grading speeches; he gives you clear guidelines.
5.0 : Professor O'Connor is hilarious! I genuinely looked forward to class just to be around his personality and hear what he was going to say that day. The class itself is not bad. There is a lot of work/assignment, but he gives a lot of clarity for each one and helps you along so if you put in the work you can definitely get an A.
4.0 : He is super nice. 4 speeches that are not too difficult. A midterm a final and few quizzes, not too hard though. Definitely take his class for COM180.
3.5 : If you want a relaxed speech professor, take O'Connor. He's super nice and laid back. There's very little homework and he doesn't grade speeches too harshly.
5.0 : Highly suggest taking her!! I've learned so much from this course and it was always enjoyable to go to class. She really works with the class, pushes you to learn, but keeps a reasonable pace. Definitely my favorite course and one of my nicest professors!
5.0 : TAKE her class! I found the homework load to be easy, which allowed me to enjoy the language and ultimately learn far more (tests are hard, but less of grade). She is very attentive to individual needs and values you as a person. I improved the most in my French, especially speaking, this semester with her. I love Mme Udall; her class was so fun!
5.0 : Great prof! Very nice, sincere, and helpful!
4.5 : Professor Udall is extremely helpful. She makes sure you understand the material, and she is very considerate regarding the tests and homework. A wonderful introductory French teacher who wants to see her class succeed
5.0 : Professor Udall was great! She is very nice, understanding, and a really great teacher. She really wants everyone to learn and succeed!
4.5 : Professor Udall is a great teacher, french is hard and she isnt always very clear when explaining, however she is always willing to spend extra time with you and always available during study hours or through email.
5.0 : Udall is a great teacher, and though her class was very fast (I took it in the summer), she was thorough and understanding if people needed her to slow down a little. Some people needed to work hard but I think everyone expects to get a lot out of the class, as well as a decent grade at the least.
5.0 : Loved this class! It's a hard GE foreign language, but Professor Udall is a great teacher and a fair grader. She'll meet you more than half way, you just have to go the rest of the distance - be active in class, ask questions, go to her office hours - then you can't go wrong. I wouldn't have wanted to take it with any other professor.
5.0 : Professor Udall is one of the best professors I've had at Pepperdine. She's brilliant, understanding, really invests in her students, and works hard to make class clear and interesting. Her tests are not easy, but neither are they unreasonable, and if you put effort into her class, she makes sure to give you every chance to succeed. Merci Madame!
5.0 : Dr. Stewart is an amazing person. She really cares about students and has reasonable expectations for her freshmen. She isn't here to waste our time, but expects full attendance every day because her class is worth showing up to. She legitimately wants to go out for coffee with students and often pushes us to take Italian, but only in good fun.
3.0 : I liked Professor Stewart as a person, she was very caring of her students, but I wouldn't take the class again. You don't know what you're grade is until she submits your final grade, so if it's not the grade you wanted, you're screwed.
4.0 : There is almost always homework. Manageable, and graded on completion.  Attendance is mandatory (factors into your grade). After every lecture, he gives a 5 question quiz (usually with 1 free point). Both of these boost the grade significantly. Excellent professor overall. A bit of a challenge, but he is ALWAYS there for you if you have questions.
5.0 : Lasiter is a really chill professor. Always offers a review session in addition to in class review. Understands you want to get a good grade on the class, but also helps you learn. Hes really good about hinting/telling you what to study for exams. Generally a practical, down to earth, and realistic guy. Understands students needs, and helps you out
4.0 : DT's lecture is pretty clear and when you ask questions during class, he'll clarify it. He has a good sense of humor and he actually sympathizes you if you're bad at math and is willing to help. Prolly the best MATH141 prof.
5.0 : 3 years after graduation, still remember the techniques and lessons learned in his class.  What will stick with you is the melding of humanities and mathematics that motivates you to investigate learnings for the sake of learning. This is something that pays off in so many ways. He is a caring professor eager to help all students.
4.5 : Professor Wood engages the classroom, despite it's large size. His tests are very fair, if you read and study, you will do good. Enjoyable lectures, no homework, lots of reading. His explanations are very clear and understandable. Favorite teacher at Pepperdine so far.
4.5 : No teacher I've ever had has cared about his material more than Sebastian. Incredibly smart, his lectures (though complicated) are engaging and demonstrate a vast well of knowledge. He knows and cares about many things and is an incredible conversationalist-- just ask him about Argentine music in the 80s and 90s. Sebastian is a must-take professor.
4.5 : Professor Hamlin is available whenever needed and she replies to emails within 24 hours which is good when you have a burning question or just need advice. The class does require a lot of reading.
4.5 : If you listen you will do well. Relaxed teacher that expects your best.  Do the work and its not a stretch to get an A.
1.0 : Attendance is not mandatory and you don't get credit for it, but there are pop quizzes and participation credit sometimes. The tests SO HARD. SO MUCH INFO. No extra credit. Office hours are un productive. She is not nice and when I went to get help on how to study she was not helpful, and expected me to already understand all of the material.
5.0 : I started HUM and wasn't so into it, but I ended up liking it. Prof. Kilroy is nice and likes movies which she connects to class. Do the bingo extra credit. Online quizzes are easy. If you can, go to the museum with her-it's actually pretty cool.
4.0 : I am taking Kilroy's class and it is great! There are many upsides like the extra credit bingo board she offers, turning in your green/blue books early before an exam. Moreover, she is very helpful, available, &amp;  explains the material well, however, her study guides &amp; tests have a lot of info on them. Ta's are bad graders, just talk to her to fix.
5.0 : She is funny and really knows the material, gives a lot of chances to do extra credit and prepares you for the final very well.
5.0 : Dr. Kilroy is an excellent professor and knows what she's talking about. I had her at 8AM, and she would still radiate enthusiasm in her lecture. The key for tests is studying the cumulative study guide. She also has online quizzes before every lecture that you can retake if you messed up the first time.
5.0 : Dr. Kilroy is great! She is really organized with all her worksheets and quizzes. She gives a lot of opportunities for extra credit. Her quizzes help you to read and understand the topic/chapter more. She really loves cats and is really sweet! 10/10 would recommend :)
5.0 : Professor Kilroy is the epitome of a perfect professor. She has a clearly outlined lecture, gives out extra credits, makes easy quizzes and her exams are really straight forward. You definitely need to work for this class, but she makes it so much easier for you, especially for a humanities class.
5.0 : Let me start off by saying like 10% of your grade can be extra credit (i.e. this class is easy... Take it with her). This is a GE class and she totally gets it. She's very clear with what you need to know is overall just a lovely person to talk to. Plus the material is super interesting and she's good at getting even uninterested people to learn.
5.0 : Prof. Kilroy is one of the best teachers at Pepperdine. She usually teaches art history but sometimes do humanities. she is pretty organized and has a lot of useful information on ppt. Tests are hard, but she gives studyguide and a lot of chances for extra credit. She is always willing to show you around in museums. Crazy about cats and tech.
4.0 : Dr. Kilroy is a good professor. She gives two exams, one final, and 10 online quizzes. You should read the book, but definitely take advantage of the study guides she provides. You should definitely take notes during class because they can help you with studying for exams. Pay close attention to the pictures of structures that she shows in class.
5.0 : Professor Holden is the best thing that has ever happened to Pepperdine. She is the most helpful  teacher I have ever had in my entire life. She's understanding, sympathetic, passionate about physics, and eager to help her students learn. If you ever get the chance to take her class, take it. You'll learn so much.
5.0 : Dr. Holden is one of the nicest and most sociable professors I have ever had. Does everything she can to help you. Truly cares about her students. A great professor, but an even better person.
4.5 : Dr. Holden is the best teacher I have taken at Pepperdine. She is always there to help and is a really nice teacher. Ask questions and the labs are fun and easy.
5.0 : She is the most amazing professor I have ever met. She is Mama Holden and she loves her students more than all the other professors combined.  She is a saint and an amazing professor and wonderful.
5.0 : Best prof at Pepp. Kind and caring, wants you to succeed, and really knows what she's doing.
4.0 : Tests regularly take over the scheduled time which is a bummer, plus they're really tough. However, half of your grade is homework/in-class work/lab which really boosts your grade. She's also super accessible which is awesome and she's such a sweet person. She really wants you to do well, it's just that sometimes the lectures are boring.
4.5 : Holden can teach and is available for the most part. Her class is as interesting as physics gets. Her tests are simple and challengeing, with a grading distrubution that  allows those who struggle on test to still get a decent grade. Overall, a solid teacher with clear expectations. Expect work as phsyics does not getting easier with Holden.
4.0 : She's a pretty great professor. She seems to be enthusiastic about what she's teaching, and it seems like she knows her stuff. Side note: It's funny that she curses a lot. The class itself isn't too bad. You should get the grade you deserve. She keeps the material interesting and doesn't waste your time in class or with work.
4.0 : I loved this class! Dr. Anderson really loves art and it comes through when she teaches. I honestly did not think that I liked art history before I took this class, but Dr. Anderson really made the subject come alive. She does expect you to do the reading and she is very exacting in her grading, but was always willing to meet and work with me.
4.0 : Dr. Smith is a very smart and outgoing professor.  If you're concerned about political bias, she does go off on left-leaning rants from time to time, but she's also very respectful of students to choose to disagree.  Her first-year seminar is fairly easy and she often lets out class early.
5.0 : Professor Smith- formerly Williams- is different and not for everyone. She will stop her own lectures and tell us that she is bored so we can switch to something more interesting. She is strict about deadlines which can be a problem. She was very helpful during office hours. She made a lot of information feel easy to learn. She is the realest.
4.0 : There was lots of information but she is always smiling and seems to love teaching which made me want to be in class. Seriously funny. Very helpful with papers.
4.0 : She's a great professor. In fact, she's honestly one of my favorites. I wish I talked to her more during class/participated. She's funny, and makes the class fun and interactive. There's pop quizzes, but don't worry about them too much. There's some papers that aren't too bad. Her exams seem a little hard, but their really not.
5.0 : This was a morning class but I loved going. The prof is fun and funny.
4.0 : This subject in general is difficult, everything is done in excell.   To pass his class, meet with him once a week. There are two main tests (midterm and final) that pretty much determine your grade,  I got a C on the midterm and after that went in once a week every week and pulled an A on the final.   He loves to help but you have toask for it
4.0 : Prepare for the tests by going in and seeing him! If you see him once a week outside of  class to explain things, you will get an A on the test (which the tests pretty much determine your grade)  I didn't find this out until after the first test in which I go a D, but I aced the final.   Great teacher though, you won't be disappointed.
5.0 : Very intelligent and helpful.  Wish I took Professor Di Lellio's class sooner!!  Applied everything learned from his class at work and other classes.
5.0 : Excellent class, she teaches right from the book which makes the tests a lot easier to prepare for. There are some supplemental readings that compliment the text subject matter very well. Group presentations happen each class and are a fun way to get a discussion going and relate the material to a current event.
5.0 : Excellent professor!  Smart, helpful, and fair-minded.  Explains everything clearly.  Well organized lectures.  Extra credit offered.
5.0 : Very straight forward course and grading.  Beware, her finals are a little difficult.  The final is fair and not a trick, but understand more than the literal translation from the book.
5.0 : Ben is great!
5.0 : Dr. Lee is one of the nicest professor at Pepperdine. She is so kind. Gradesquiz+final+attendance. It is an easy A as long as you practice her assignments. Definitely choose her for your fine arts requirement!
4.0 : Very caring to students but beware of weekly evaluations!
5.0 : She really cares about her students and wants them to succeed in the class. The class is designed for you to get an A as long as you practice each week. She is a fair grader and grades you on your improvement and how well you do for your own abilities, versus grading based on how well you do compared to other students.
5.0 : Very kind and nice teacher. She makes the boring English classes very interesting. Not a harsh grader but you need to pay effort to your essays. Go to her office hours. She really love to talk about essays with you.
5.0 : As long as you show up to class or give a valid reason why you can't be there and ASK FOR THE ASSIGNMENT TO BE EMAILED TO YOU, you will do well. JUst make sure you don't slack off, that you turn in everything relatively on time, and if you want to make sure you get that A, go to her office hours and have her review your paper before its due.
4.0 : I really loved Professor Oni's class, she helps you alot with your work and wants you to do better. She is a little bit of a tough grader on papers, but she does it for the best! It's not a super demanding class, and Professor Oni makes it well worth it.
5.0 : really energetic and engaging lectures. there is no textbook, but the class is structured around interesting articles. challenging and well worth it
5.0 : Prof. Malladi is by far the best Finance professor that I've had in my MBA program. He curtails the lectures based on the feedback from his students: he wants to make sure everyone can learn the material, whether you are advanced in the field or never had exposure to it. Great professor, I will be taking his Financial Modeling class.
5.0 : He is not only a great professor, he is helping you to expand your network and giving you different ideas about how is your career look like if you want to work in finance.
5.0 : Great professor!  Intelligent, funny, and helpful.
5.0 : I really struggled with chemistry but Dr. Wilson is an amazing teacher. He will rearrange his schedule to be available to all students outside of class and genuinely wants his students to succeed. Very clear and focused lectures, doesn't waste time, and helpfully answers questions. Would highly recommend
5.0 : He is very clear with what he is going to grade you on which helps a lot. He tries his best to help every student succeed, but that being said if you want an A or A- in the class you basically need to get all As and Bs on the tests and quizzes.
1.0 : I will never understand why Dr. Wilson made this class so much harder than it had to be. He is available for office hours, although I must warn you, he will make you feel like the dumbest person alive.
4.0 : Wilson uses packets for lecture that you fill out as he teaches. Tests are pretty easy if you study thoroughly &amp; do all the hw questions correctly. Quizzes are every 1.5 weeks or so &amp; add up so be sure you get near perfect scores on them. He has office hrs but if you can't go he always answers emails. Tests aren't curved &amp; avg score is 83% (B+).
5.0 : Dr. Wilson is awesome. Wonderful lectures, and always extends office hours for students. Definitely take his class, you'll start to like chemistry :)
5.0 : Dr. Wilson is an amazing professor!  I had him for chemistry 120 this past fall.  All of his lectures were helpful, he gives fill in note sheets to prepare for the tests, as well as he is super available for office hours.  He also does study sessions for tests outside of class.  Great teacher, take him!
5.0 : Dr. Wilson is a great teacher. Definitely would recommend trying to get into his class if at all possible.
5.0 : I had Dr. Wilson in G Chem lab and he was hands-down the best prof I had this past semester. He really wants his students to succeed and is also approachable and helpful during the lab. He clarified the ever-confusing pre lab lecture before we started each lab, and helped me understand the concepts behind the experiments as well. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Sitter is a great guy who knows his stuff! He's really fun and easygoing, and I like his teaching style. His class is one of my top 3 favorite classes in college.
5.0 : Professor Truelson was one of the best professors I have had at Pepperdine. I learned to write press releases, blogs, holding statements, op-eds, pitch emails, etc. Pretty much everything a PR major needs to know how to do. She is a hard grader, but she wants to see you succeed.
5.0 : Professor Truelson is an amazing professor who really wants to see her students do well. She has an unbelievable  resume and is able to use her experience to help students learn practical skills that are necessary to be a PR professional. She's clear in her expectations, will go above and beyond to give extra help and is an incredible role model.
5.0 : Dr. Blancas-Curiel is honestly amazing, I was so nervous about taking this level Spanish class but she made it great. I didn't do well on the first exam but she made it easy to come back from that. She's super personable and really cares about each of her students. She wants everyone in her class to succeed!
5.0 : She is very funny and yes you need to come to class, but that should be expected from a language class. she does give 4 absences thought, which is more than any other language class will give you. Also shes fun and easy to talk to, she is very upfront about what is on the tests and the class is very straightforward
5.0 : Dr.  Curiel is a great, personable professor. She is very helpful during office hours. There are a lot of components in this class: quizzes, exams, compositions, oral exams/presentations, participation, homework, and extra credit. Don't get discouraged, and continue to work hard throughout the semester, and you'll do fine.
4.0 : Professor Regan is a good professor that expects a lot from you. This was a 2 unit course, but expect to put a lot of work in for this class. The homework is long. Professor Regan is very helpful during his office hours. The quizzes are a little difficult, so study hard for them. The final (worth 30%) is very hard, so make sure you prepare well.
5.0 : Zahler is a great professor! She is always there to help you. The grading criteria for the speeches are difficult. The speeches have to be in the time limit or she will dock points. Other than that, this class wasn't too difficult.
5.0 : He is so kind and works hard to make sure you are prepared and able to succeed in his class. He really cares about his students and wants them to do well. His class has very few points, though so make sure you study and read. Go to class. He rocks.
5.0 : Professor Crubaugh is seriously the nicest guy ever! You will do well as long as you study for the tests. His study guides tell you what you need to know and some test questions are based off of class examples or videos so make sure you don't skip too often. He truly cares about his students and wants them to succeed! Take his class!
5.0 : Finally- someone in the Business Division that is young and establishes a rapport with his students. He is clear, concise, appropriate difficulty for exams, and gives you the formulas for the tests- allowing you to understand the interpretation of statistics (which is ultimately more important.) One of the best professors I've had at Pepperdine.
5.0 : Professor Wright is an amazing professor. He is very personable, and open to questions. His class is fair; if you put in the work, you'll do fine. There were 3 exams and 8 weekly homework assignments. Don't be intimidated by the computer coding of the class; Prof. Wright will help. The homework comes right from what we learn in class.
4.0 : I had her for my G Chem lab and she's honestly amazing. She tends to talk a lot at the beginning of lab so I would start writing out your outline then but she's so helpful and genuinely wants all her students to do well.
4.0 : Professor Santos is super caring. I hate chemistry but to succeed in her class really pay attention to in-class problems and homework problems for tests! I also had her for lab and she will answer any questions (even if you think its stupid.) Study a lot and PRACTICE &amp; UNDERSTAND the problems to do well in the class!
4.0 : Best Political Science professor at Pepperdine
5.0 : I love professor LeVan! I 100% recommend taking her. She is such an incredible teacher. You literally don't have to read the textbooks. Just go to class and pay attention and you will do well. She provides all her powerpoints on courses. I thought she graded essay questions a little harshly, but all in all she was so great!! She's super nice too :)
5.0 : He's a great teacher! he gives really great lectures and he's really funny as well, makes the class more interesting. Although, there are weekly short online quizzes (out of class). The midterm and final is also okay, the study guide is really useful!
5.0 : Absolutely the best! He is HILARIOUS! Geeky and quirky. There is a lot of reading, mostly from the bible. Weekly quizzes, and monthly VERY short writing assignments. He also has a book/film report toward the end of the semester. Obviously a spiritual man, but teaches the bible objectively and historically.
5.0 : Assigns a lot of reading but the online quizzes and tests are fairly easy. By far the most difficult part of this class is the reading.
5.0 : Dr. Pardee makes class fun and engaging. He assigns a fair amount of reading and participation matters. I enjoyed his class and learned a TON about the New Testament.
5.0 : Professor Pardee is an amazing teacher. You can tell that he really enjoys what he is teaching and is passionate about his subject. He is also hillarious, you will never get bored in his class. There are also a lot of group discussions to keep the whole class engaged. It was really a treat to be in his class,
4.0 : Nice grader. No written exams in class. Just pay attention to his PPT. He has thousands of examples about marketing in his heads.
4.0 : Professor Huggins is a good professor. He gives interesting lectures, and gives out  handouts of his PowerPoint presentations. There are 2 take-home exams and one paper/oral presentation (you choose between the two). As long as you don't wait to the last minute to do these things, you'll be fine. Try to participate; come to class on time.
5.0 : Professor Ng teaches in an engaging manner that enables us to learn hard content. He gives plenty of real world examples. He is one of the most caring and compassionate teachers. He knows what he is teaching and his tests are challenging because they force us to truly understand the material but he is so available and willing to help us.
5.0 : Professor Ng is by far one of the best professors I've had.  The combination of the passion, qualification, and engaging teaching style he brings to the classroom is invaluable.  The best.
5.0 : I like that Professor Ng has his student's best interest at heart.  Always available and never makes students feel like they are a burden.  All of my classmates seem to really like the class when we talk about it.  I think as a whole the class really respects him as a person. Probably one of my best professors at Pepperdine.
3.0 : 1) he expects you to read the chapter before class 2) participate and be on time 3) exams are difficult 4) weekly pop quizzes  5) he does not really take the time to make sure you understood the lesson
5.0 : He is clear with his grading policy and you'll be fine as long as you read some chapters, attend lectures, and participate in class. He gives quizzes in every lecture but he goes over everything before taking the quiz. There is also a group project but he also gives extra credit. It sounds like a lot but you'll be fine :)
5.0 : Mina Soroosh is one of the best professors I've had at Pepperdine. She is a great teacher and very entertaining. I have taken many French classes in my life but I learned more from here in one semester than all my other French classes combined. She really wants you to learn and do well and gives you the tools to succeed.
5.0 : There is a fair amount of reading in this class. However, Professor Zola is fair in grading and is usually understanding about a students work load. Besides that, Zola is one of the best professors that I have had so far. He is passionate about the subject and works hard to keep the class interesting and engaged.
4.0 : Dr. Wagerman is very energetic and he makes difficult concepts easier to understand. He truly cares about the success of the students and is willing to compromise to ensure their success. He really appreciates participation and punctuality, therefore, as long as you are solid in those areas, you'll do fine.
5.0 : Labban is probably the best professor in the Marketing dept. at Pepperdine. She challenged me in every way possible, from understanding marketing principles to pitching presentations! Very heavy on GROUP PROJECTS. One huge marketing simulation project runs through the entire semester, CHOOSE YOUR MATES WISELY *Actively participate. Study together!
5.0 : This is my fav class by far! Prof Lucas is so sweet and caring and organized. Shell have your exams graded by the end of the day and put it on courses. Gave a lot of free extra credits too. Very accessible outside of class or if you have questions. Exams are easy and straightforward and would bring breakfast to class on exam days.
5.0 : Nic Few is a god among men. Ask anyone on campus who knows who he is and they'll tell you the same. I grew exponentially as an actor during my too short time with him, and I wish I could've taken his class again and again every semester. He connects with his students and cares so much about them. My life has been forever changed by this man.
5.0 : When I took this class, it was Professor Link's first every semester teaching. Considering that, he did an excellent job of explaining the material. His first exam was difficult, but after giving him feedback, he graciously changed the format of the test to be more reasonable. His lectures are engaging and interesting. He is super friendly!
5.0 : Great professor. It was his first year and he did a fantastic job! Just read the chapters and during class, listen to his examples and clarifications, you'll do fine. The reason why people didn't do well was because they skipped the reading (which is pretty much the only task). Only a few online assignments during the semester.
5.0 : He is very smart but he is also very anal on writings and grammar. He is probably the smartest man at Pepperdine, get ready to read A LOT! He is also very philosophical.
4.0 : Hard class not going to lie, but he does offer a lot of extra credits. The class material is super interesting, a good class to learn about China in general.
4.0 : Dr. Skelton is a bit eccentric and a little on the awkward side at times, but he's very knowledgeable about the subject, and is very understanding that this class is a GE and not most student's priority. The tests are easy as long as you do the review and pay attention during lectures.
5.0 : Professor Skelton is one of the best professors, I seriously love this guy!! He's super caring for his students and is really nice about everything. I got A's on his tests but just study the book really hard the day before and you'll be fine!! His study guides are on point with his tests.
