4.0 : Very sweet and caring professor...a lot on in class writing 2 exams...one big project at the end (warning your grade heavily depends on the presentation)...nice class!
5.0 : She's so chill but doesn't grade too chill. One visit to her office hours can make a total difference, especially when you're lost. The readings are a bit much but I got a B+ overall for not reading half of them.
5.0 : Dr. Victoria Chen is an amazingly interesting and truly dedicated teacher.  She encourages dialogic interaction within the class, and she role models respect and true communication skills that make her class a very valuable learning experience.  Her lectures are sooooo cool, and she helps each student feel comfortable and capable.
4.5 : This class is heavy on the reading! DO ALL OF IT! Most of the material will be on the exams. Overall, Professor Chen is a pleasant woman and she will always take the time to make sure you understand the reading and lectures.
4.5 : At first I didn't care for her, but after taking her GWAR class, she's a really great teacher. She is so passionate and understanding of student's busy schedules. She's very sweet and was a really wonderful teacher. Easy grader and helpful. Take Victoria's class!!
5.0 : Professor Chen is an amazingly intuitive teacher.  She recognizes the vital importance of setting a positive example. Her methods of teaching engages the students and together we learn how to listen, learn, grow, and expand our appreciation of each other's human drive to be known and valued!! Critical Intercultural Communication should be a must!!!
5.0 : We all want to be known and understood.    I highly recommend you study Social Semiotics with Professor Victoria Chen!!!   You will learn how to interact successfully in multicultural groups. You will learn to listen well, and fine tune your ability to speak so that others will want to listen, and listen so others will want to speak." AMAZING!
4.0 : There was 3 response papers which were a page or two, 1 midterm, a facilitation event that is easy and 30% of your grade and a group speech for a final. She is very chill, kind of a push over at times but very nice. Attend class and participate and she will love you.
5.0 : Lectures were interesting! It was more like he was telling stories! He is funny and understanding. Doesn't take attendance but study guide reflects off of notes. If you know the study guide you'll get an A on his tests! I would highly recommend taking this class. No homework but you need to study for test! Nice guy!
5.0 : Professor Sigmon is very knowledgeable in his subject and makes class interesting. I would definitely recommend taking him and going to lectures because he teaches history in a way that makes it interesting and funny. If you want an A, go to class and read the books.
5.0 : Awesome professor. He is hilarious and teacher really good. He is accesible outside of class and always willing to help. I would definitely take him again.
5.0 : Great Professor! Easy to understand! Only one thing I would like to emphasize is to show up to his lectures and take great notes. I would recommend him.
4.5 : The ONLY thing I didn't like about his class was the group of pretentious Grad Students who tried to out teach him when they really didn't know what they were talking about. The bad reviews on here were probably from the lame kids who find it entertaining to interrupt his lectures to spout bs from their mouths. He's excellent. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Goes over all necessary materials in class. Read the books assigned because they will be on the tests. Gives study guides and keeps the class interesting by cracking jokes and making references. I highly recommend this class and this professor!
5.0 : Best history professor EVER
5.0 : He teaches History how History should be taught, like a story. There's a lot of note taking in the class because he talks the entire time w/o using slideshows or anything(which is better because you can concentrate on what he is saying). I would take his class a billion times if I could.
5.0 : He gives all his lectures just by talking, no visuals and no posting on iLearn. BUT, his lectures are so fun and interesting, you'll feel like you're listening to a story. You have to go to class to get all the information, and you need to be a good note taker. His tests are relatively easy if you study and pay attention in class. I LOVED this clas
5.0 : He's very passionate about History and I would definitely take this class again. He gives tests in 2 parts: multiple choice/short answers and an essay portion. He lectures and you just take notes so if you miss a day then you don't know what he talked about that day. The ONLY textbook needed is the After the Fact book he puts together.
5.0 : No homework at all, and he doesn't write anything down. He pretty much tells you what is important and what you need to know for the tests, so as long as you show up every once and a while or even just for the review, you should be able to get an A on all his tests. Super easy class, definitely recommend this guy. Made history a lot less boring.
5.0 : First teacher ever to make history interesting for me.  Seriously he's amazing. TAKE THIS CLASS.
4.5 : I'm so glad I took Sigmon for HIST 120! He requires us to have all the textbooks, but if you go to class I think you ca go without the main textbook. He gives you a study guide with terms which is really hopeful. He's also a very easy grader. I would really recommend him, you won't regret it!!
5.0 : I enjoyed every single class. He's the bluebook of University Professors.
3.5 : Sigmon is the best teacher I've had for history. He makes the lecture really interesting. Make sure you attend every class and to take notes because everything is hugely based off his lecture. Books are important too. The TA Nick was also helpful. Attend study sessions. Only have 3 exams.
4.0 : His lectures are easy to follow and I history even more.
5.0 : One of the best professors at SF State in my opinion.  He does lectures every day but they are very interesting and easy to pay attention to.  The tests consist of multiple choice/short answer and an essay.  Very very very easy if you take good lecture notes.  Just listen and write everything down and you'll enjoy the class a lot.
5.0 : HILARIOUS. I personally really enjoy History and taking this class made me love it more. His lectures are very informative, and he's really open to answering any question you may have after or even during his lectures. Tests are very straight forward, if you show up then and take decent notes you should pass! Really awesome teacher.
5.0 : Best history class I've ever had. I always used to fall asleep in history but he makes it so interesting. No homework. Never got the textbook and I got an A in the class. If you go to class every day and take good notes you won't need textbook, but good to have to clarify. No attendance but everyone goes anyways. 2 midterms and a final. Study!
4.0 : Best history class I ever took, really funny and his lectures are very clear. He ties his lectures to the reading you have to do before going to class. Lots of reading but it honestly does help you when he's giving a lecture and because everything he talks about are on his test! Really easy chill history class. Would take again
5.0 : For sure my favorite professor that I have had at SF State, I highly recommend him. His class is interesting, his lecture is very clear and he is also clear about his exams. Take it seriously, if your not going to go to class you should just pick a different class because just listening to lecture tells you what you need to know for tests.
5.0 : Never really liked history until I had this teacher. He makes history interesting, everyone in the class laughs, and even though he doesn't take attendance, students show up everyday.  Just take good notes, if you do that, and fill out the study guide, you're good to go. One of the best teachers I've had.
5.0 : Sigmon is pretty funny and a great teacher. He often explains historical situations in a very casual way with relatable comparisons that make it super-easy to follow along with what is going on. I am going to take more classes with this professor.
4.0 : He is funny and makes lectures interesting but study or you will struggle on the tests. take good notes and read the book it helps for the vocab part of the tests! 2 midterms and final the final is broken into 2 parts like the midterms except the essay is take home. so its usually vocab, MC, and an essay and short answer like a sentence worth.
3.5 : Go to class and take notes, almost everything on the exam is based on lectures. Overall, it was an okay class and Sigmon cracks some jokes from time to time.
5.0 : Chill professor who is super engaging and passionate about what he does! Show up to class, and try your best. This class helped me break out of my comfort zone. Fun group activities and games, you'll get close to your classmates. You will definitely grow as an actor!
4.0 : He kind of didn't care about the class, which is understandable because most students didn't take it seriously. The morning class time was tough to make.
5.0 : Really great class to take, whether or not you're a theater major. Amateurs definitely welcome. A ton of improv games and group activities. You will really get to know the people in your class. Don't take it if you don't like to get weird. You will really have to think outside the box in some activities, but your acting will definitely improve.
5.0 : BY FAR the best comm teacher at state. I looked forward to her class every morning. She gets everyone involved and motivated, truly inspires you without making speeches nerve wracking. Shes hilarious too. I would recommend her class to anyone. She grades easy while still teaching you everything to make you a successful speaker. Love her!
5.0 : Dr. Elia gives amazing lectures. I really enjoyed attending his classes. It was truly inspiring. The class overall had 2 exams, 1 midterm (paper) and 1 final (multiple choice), 1 analytical paper and 1 group project. Although, I didn't receive the grade that I wanted, it was still an amazing class to attend. I definitely recommend.
4.5 : AWESOME PROFESSOR! Learned a lot. Almost all of his lectures were interesting. Hard to get an A if you get a B on the test or paper. 2 papers and 2 tests the whole sem. Got an A/A- for tests and A/B- on paper, which ruined my chance of getting an A. Though I didn't get the grade that i wanted, I still recommend Dr. Elia. You'll learn a lot!
4.5 : Great class. Lectures were clear and assignments were easy. Watched a lot of films. Very easy to pass this class as long as you pay attention.
5.0 : Although the textbook is very useful, if you can't self-teach attendance is necessary to pass. Great lectures, material seems very comprehensible during the lecture. Five graded assignments, all other homework is "suggested". If you attend and do most of the optional homework you should pass easily, but otherwise this can be a very tough course.
5.0 : Ive taken him for DS 212 and 412, he is the best stats teacher and is very informative on notes. no need for textbook. there is extra credit with purchase of textbook for 412. 3 tests, open note open book tests, 5 excel assignments. He is great at emailing back. Very informative and intellectual. DS is not an easy subject, and he makes it very easy
5.0 : Saltzman is one of the best statistics professors on campus! His lectures are very organized and he went over all test questions and gave them back quickly. You have to purchase an online textbook and all homework questions are counted as extra credit.
5.0 : Saltzman is an amazing professor. I'm not the best at math, but I earned an A- in DS 412. Extra credit problems earn up to a whole letter grade. Great lectures and he cares about how his students do. Accessible office hours. Very clear &amp; structured course. Print out his slides and take notes on them! Tests are open book, open note. I recommend him!
5.0 : This is my favorite professor ever. His lecture was amazing and very clear. If you do the problems he suggested, you will understand everything. For the problem sets(not grading), he gave answers in excel sheets. 5 excel assignments, 3 exams, and extra credits. I wish he could teach other DS classes, cuz I will definitely take his other classes.
5.0 : Saltzman is one of the best instructors I have ever had for a math course. His lectures are clear, and he really makes sure to be accessible for students who need help. If you have the chance to take him, then do
5.0 : His tests will take the whole class time, where there is a lot of content in thembut made his class interesting and fun!
1.0 : CJ major is not for bright students.  The deeper you think in a complex way, your grades will suffer. always most Profs… will massacre your grades if you don't think like them . If you are taking a class where you don’t have to meet on a regular basis with the teacher to know what he wants, it is wrong and stupid to be  a tough and a rigid grader
5.0 : Professor Snipes was very laid back and explained the course material well. There are 3 tests and 2 papers throughout the semester and they are easy if you take notes. He's funny and makes the material easy to understand. He canceled class a few times due to funny reasons. Shows a lot of relevant clips to get his point across. Very easy to talk to.
4.5 : I enjoyed the class. Easy to understand, he shows lots of videos and documentaries to convey the messages. Not much official assigned reading.  Personally only used the book for the first exam, the second  and third  I just went to the review and did well. He covers the exams in depth during the reviews.  He also curves
4.0 : Clavier is passionate, clear and very kind. She enjoys making jokes in class and has great lectures. Her handwriting is awful, so be sure you sit close to the board. But if you want to really learn something, come to her class. One midterm, open note final, and 4 short essays due every 3 weeks.
4.5 : I really enjoyed her class! The only complaint that I have is that it's hard to read her writing on the board, but she's more than happy to re-write and clarify her writing! I found her lectures to be very engaging, and I love that she had a sense of humor about her subjects! I used a lot of what I learned from her class, in future classes!
5.0 : Awesome teacher! She's very funny and passionate even at 8AM. She enjoys answering questions and tells hilarious anecdotes. 1 midterm, 1 final, 2 short press reports and 2 short case briefs. Not too hard. Make sure to show up at the review session. She makes you buy the textbook but if you take good notes in class you won't need it. Take her !!!
5.0 : Wonderful teacher! If you hate math with a passion (as I do) but need to fulfill the math requirement take her class! She explains it really well too. If you see this Ms.Curtis, thank you for making a class that is very painful for me that much easier.
5.0 : She is a great professor and makes the material understandable. Pretty easy class, homework out of the textbook every other week or so and 4 exams.
3.5 : His class was pretty easy. But, his grading system is flawed. He doesn't give anything higher than a 95 but grades everything out of 100. He isn't clear about what he expects for the assignments until after the first assignment is turned in. There were three exams, he tells you exactly what to study. Three research assignments. One group project.
3.0 : The highest grade given is a 95 but he bases the grades off of 100 points, which only makes sense to him. He doesn't clarify what his expectations are for assignments, but just be sure to include tons of pictures. He tells you exactly what will be on an exam.
5.0 : Professor Simeon is one SFSU's finest. I was interested in taking his Emerging Markets course (IBUS 596) based on my interest of how to succeed in favorable developing countries. I now am in his Careers in International Business (IBUS 592) and I am taking what I learned to the grave; I could not be anymore satisfied with Professor Simeon.
5.0 : If I could, I would take every single class Prof. Simeon teaches. He is so knowledgable about IBUS and more profs should learn by his example. The group project in this class is doable if you have a good group. Good visuals are a plus to him. The paper is long but follow the criteria and you'll likely get an A. Tests are a little tricky.
5.0 : Professor Simeon is funny and easy-going! Although his lectures can be very long and sometimes boring because it's all from a powerpoint slide, it's very informational. The tests are fairly easy and participation is important. Summer course had three easy exams, powerpoint presentation, one group project. Easy summer A but learned a ton )
4.0 : This class was really easy and pretty enjoyable overall. There are 2 quizzes which he tells you what is exactly on before you take it and a written take home final. There is also 2 individual projects and one group project, which are pretty easy. This class is enjoyable and interesting and professor simeon is pretty funny so take this class!!!!
5.0 : Professor Simeon is an expert in his field and his knowledge is clearly transfer in his great lectures. He is the most outstanding international lecturer I have ever encountered. He is a visionary . His knowledge is deep. The effect he has had on me has been outstanding although in the short term I could not assess how truly great he is.
3.0 : Prof. Simeon is a good lecturer. interesting class n he basically talks relating to real life scenario. Exams are relatively easy (thats if u study). However, assignments n prompts r vague (he wants you to use ur knowledge and creativity). easy to get A- but kinda impossible to get A, since he grades the assignments and papers out of 95
4.0 : He is very chill, but sometimes too relaxed with inappropriate jokes or stories. He is a great teacher though, and actually is very engaging in class. The exams are super easy and straightforward because he prepares you well for them, and goes over it beforehand as well. He is clear with what he expects on group projects. Pretty easy A.
3.0 : Tuman is a great professor and definitely knows what he's talking about considering he attended law school. Personally, I am not a test taker so I found this class pretty difficult. He tends to go over time with lectures and gets off topic a lot. If you ask for help he will try and help you. 4 tests, 10 assigned case briefs due before final
4.0 : Very good teacher, highly recommend students to take his class. Very charismatic person. He explains those legal cases so thoroughly supported with vivid examples and funny anecdotes. The only class I can actually learn something.
2.0 : Although Tuman is a great lecturer, his classes are solely based on him lecturing. The only way to pass his class is to pass his tests, which he gives about 4 or 5 throughout the semester.  He gives out one assignment on briefing 10 cases and that is it.
5.0 : I would recommend him as a professor, but only take this particular class if you care about political campaigns. The entire class is about campaigns and almost all lecture, so you need to have an interest in the subject to stay engaged.
1.5 : AVOID! Especially if you're not a good test-taker (they're vague and hard). Keeps you until the very last second of class. I'm an average student and struggled so bad (wanted to drop), but I have friends who are straight-A students and struggled as much as I did. No assignments other than tests!!!!
5.0 : The fact people don't like his classes makes me worry about the future of the world. Yes, his tests are brutal, but he is a brilliant professor, and, heaven forbid, if you STUDY, you will still get a decent grade. Not easy, but worth it, if you care about EDUCATION, take him.
4.0 : Prof. Tuman is a good professor. Have I had more inspirational teacher, yes. Does he still make you better, yes. He tends to go off on some tangents.. So expect the syllabus not to apply after the first couple weeks. Assignments are fun, not as creative as I had hoped, but okay. He tends to have favorites, so get off on a good foot. Text book is eh
3.5 : Tough material, but he goes over the casesreading in class really well. It's one of those classes where you really have to work hard for your grade. Just keep up with the reading and take really good notes and you should be fine.
5.0 : The quizzes and tests are not straight forward, so you need to study for them hard. But, he's a great professor &amp; you should for sure take him once
3.0 : He's really clear in the syllabus. Clicker quiz everyday beginning of class and at the end of class,No HW, 3 Exams. easy to get a C if you go to class everyday n take notes for the exam dont even buy the textbook. Alright class recommended for a easy C. Sucks coz u gotta buy a 20$ pulse clicker an 12$ to register it online. He's boring but wut evs.
3.0 : Great teacher, but prepare for lots of trick questions that will bring down your grade. I liked him and the class, but my anxiety got the best of me and I had to drop out. Don't be afraid to talk to him like I was.
4.0 : Mark is great! Sit in the front &amp; you'll learn a lot more. He's funny and helpful if you have any questions. Study the clicker and online quizzes as those are what your tests are and you'll be fine. No cumulative final. 3 tests total and a clicker quiz every class. Didn't do the best and somehow got an A! Would recommend this class.
5.0 : I took Mark's class last minute for a specific requirement, but I'm glad I did. His lectures are fascinating, and he knows how to keep students engaged even when the material has the potential to be boring. He expects a lot from his you, but you will want to live up to those expectations. Fair grader, funny, best teacher Ive had at SF State.
2.5 : Clicker questions every day, so don't miss class. I recommend reading the text book and writing down the majority of things he says. The exams are based of clicker questions, study materials, and his lectures.
4.0 : I can positively say that this was the best professor I ever took at SFSU. Excellent lecturer, funny, and knows what he's talking about. Best teaching style I've seen. I learned things that I will actually use in the future.
5.0 : He is a passionate teacher who really cares about Anthropology. The class is chalked full of (super interesting) informational slides/lectures but he cracks jokes on a daily basis which really lightens the moods. There's a daily quiz everyday and just three exams the semester. I loved this class, it really got me intrested in the field of Anthro.
3.0 : You have to be willing to come to class everyday and apply yourself. This was one of the best and HARDEST classes I've ever taken but I'm glad I did. Material is tough to grasp and professor dispenses a ton of information that it can be overwhelming. However--put in the effort and it'll be worthwhile.
3.0 : I really enjoyed taking human fossils with Mark. I learned so much and really enjoyed Mark's sense of humor. He assigns three semi-hard papers and is not super helpful during labs, so it isn't exactly the easiest class (a challenging class isn't bad once in a while, though). He's probably one of the best ANTH professors at SFSU. I recommend him!
3.5 : You'll have two quizzes everyday 3-4 questions before class starts and 3-4 at the end of class. Attendance really matters because if you miss those quizzes your grade will drop There was nothing else in the grade book but the quizzes and 3 tests.
1.0 : He is a terrible professor. I am a great student I have a 3.7 gpa. I got a C- in this class meeting with him and putting in extreme effort even though I went to class and took copious notes. Horrible class his tests are impossible. He puts questions on the test he never talked about.
2.5 : This class is really hard. You take a 3 question quiz before class EVERY DAY using a clicker, and 2 more questions come at the end of lecture, so obviously attendance is mandatory. Luckily, his tests consist of the quiz questions so study those questions!! One thing that sucks is that he doesnt put his lectures online so take good notes.
2.0 : I am a dedicated Anthro. major and can honestly say Griffin's exams left me shocked. Took perfect notes during lectures yet his exams contained material we NEVER spoke of in class/read in the book/studied online w/ study materials. Seriously saddened by this because I know Griffin is a smart guy. Would not recommend him due to his impossible exams.
1.5 : I am a 4.0 student and this class ruined my GPA. Griffin is a great guy who is passionate about his subject but isn't the most qualified to translate it to students. His tests are ridiculous. They cover things we NEVER talked about. I pay attention in class, ask questions, and take notes. Didn't help! Avoid this class at all costs.
5.0 : Fantastic teacher.  I thoroughly enjoyed the class.  I don't get the complaints about difficulty; all I did was show up and listen, and when the test was imminent I reviewed the online quizzes.  If you need an easier class than this, I suggest checking out some of the nearby high schools.
3.5 : This class is so hard but also so enjoyable. Mark is great and his passion for the subject is infectious. Very difficult getting through the 4 papers but with each one you learn to make sense of the lectures and reading which is the point. Would take again.
5.0 : Mark is an excellent professor, and a hilarious one at that. The class itself is dense with information, so take careful notes. There is also 4 essays that all need extensive research and critical thought. If you don't understand the assignment or material, Mark is more than willing to help you out. I would recommend any of his classes.
1.0 : Mark Griffin is the most unhelpful professor I've ever had the misfortune of encountering. The class is difficult as is and Griffin NEVER gets back to you with answers to questions regarding assignments. Qualified in his field but should NOT be a professor. Avoid him.
4.0 : this is an amazing professor! tough to like at first as he is sarcastic and won't learn your name if aren't always around. took him for 3 classes. would not recommend him in large lecture class, he won't know your name and wont be very helpful. in the higher classes like osteology he is really engaging, ask questions and he will be a great teacher
3.5 : I looked forward to this class, since the day i signed up, and in the end i can't say that it was that bad. He is sort off nice and funny at times. Overall just go to class, read the book, buy the clicker do the questions, and take notes. All you need is to study what you write down, the clicker questions, and the online quizzes!
5.0 : Mark was freaking awesome! The BEST anthropology professor at SFSU hands down. His lectures are informative, funny, and fascinating. You have to put in a TON of effort on the papers but its well worth it. He will go above and beyond to help you if you ask. Super great teacher and such a fun  and eye opening class.
1.0 : This was the absolute worst class I have ever taken. I took it as a Freshmen, I went to every single class. I went to office hours, studied his website until I got As on all practice tests. Used the book and still barely got a C- I was crying everyday thinking that I would fail. Terrible class.
3.0 : DO NOT TAKE FOR AN EASY A. The lectures are long, but interesting. Mark is quite entertaining. However, you will have 5 IClicker questions before and after class which are usually difficult (even with good notes) that makes up a LOT of your grade. Its hard to get anything above a C+ on the exams with a 23/30 bc he uses trick questions.
4.0 : Mark is such a good lecturer. His classes were really fascinating, ATTENDANCE IS MANDATORY.  We have 3 questions at the beginning and end of the class, funny. His midterms are a little hard but you have to study and you will forsure pass. DONT SLACK OFF, that was my mistake.
2.0 : If you are not a science major this class will be difficult for you. He doesn't explain the basics really well and expects you to already know them. Not to mention you HAVE to go to every class if you want a good grade (clicker ?). I'm usually pretty good at science, but I barely got a B. You definitely have to work for your grade.
2.5 : Lectures are interesting, but the test material does not match the chapters  we were told to read. There are daily quiz questions with clickers, so go to class everyday if you want to pass! Don't take this class if you are looking for an easy A.
4.0 : Funny guy, has a very clear grading criteria. 3 exams, worth 50%, plus final. No make-ups. Daily five-question quizzes at beginning and end w clicker so attendance is mandatory. Not a hard class, lectures can be a lil boring but he covers everything he'll test. Textbook is recommended but doable w/o if you listen. Pretty firm w his grading policy.
3.5 : you have to know the information, but he gives it to you very clearly. I loved his biological anthropology class. He really knows what he is talking about because he is a biological anthropologist! He made this subject really interesting, which is why it seemed so easy to me.  You need to go to class to take the quizzes to be able to pass
2.5 : She's militarist and unsympathetic to things like: health related absences, transfer students who didn't learn the same as everyone else, the difference in level of your classmates, fear of reading the text and/or your personal answers in class, speech impediments (two of my classmates have and she is very impatient with them), Shall I go on?
3.0 : She is sometimes just mean, but usually just rude and egotistical. She is a good and funny teacher sometimes, but that doesn't outweigh the extreme mood swings she has other times. Plus, she grades more strictly than any teacher I've ever had, and I am not exaggerating. I highly recommend NOT taking Japanese at SFSU with this teacher.
5.0 : Asano sensei can be intimidating and strict at the same time, but she cares for her students and wants them to keep on top with their assignments. Although, the class was hard, I learned alot!
5.0 : I really enjoyed his class and learned a great deal. He is very clear in his expectations. You have to show up on time, and he will check to see if you did the reading. The syllabus has dates, pay attention to them! I earned an easy A in this class by following instructions. Also, OFFICE HOURS! He will read your papers and give you feedback!
4.5 : One of my top favorite prof ever. You will learn! Makes it engaging and makes sure you understand.
3.5 : Clay is a smart guy but doesn't seem to be that passionate about Sociology anymore, which is disappointing for someone who wants to be challenged in academic settings. There was a definite lack of accountability for homework which set the bar low. The class was a little underwhelming for my taste, but he's alright if you're just trying to pass.
5.0 : Prof Dumont is for sure one of my favorite professors I've had for Soc. He makes sure that you understand the material and the class discussion brings the topic to life. I enjoyed his class very much and would recommend him for any soc class you're taking.
1.0 : i took his NAGPRA class and he is the worst. super disorganized and not clear of what he wants from his students. he will screw your grade over! he said i was doing great in the class and that i would pass with a B but then he gave me a c- i was pissed and he never replied to my email expelling why i got the grade.
4.0 : Very helpful, very precise, he has mastery of the subject and he uses group participation to teach about our social world. I'll take him again.
5.0 : Clay is awesome. His classes are really interesting and the papers are easy if you do the readings. We are in college people. The professor who has been doing this for 20 years can tell you didn't read. Just read it's easy!!! Definitely would take him again!
5.0 : Professor Dumont truly engages his students to think about the sociological imagination when discussing social issues. He is so clear and precise in his explanation of the content. You can't go wrong taking his class. :)
4.5 : Professor Quesada was the best Professor I had in college. He was so helpful and engaging. He sparked within me an interest to work with migrant populations dealing with the effects of globalization, poverty and poor health which I am still doing today. He is such a great guy whose passion and intellect inspire students to reach for the stars.
5.0 : I learned so much about structural violence. I loved his class and him as a professor even though he was a little disorganized when it came to homework.
5.0 : Larry is by far the best Professor Ive had! He is intelligent, very passionate, and funny. Not to mention, he's very gorgeous! Take good notes of his lectures, videos, and skim the readings. You'll be fine. TAKE THE CLASS, BEST DECISION EVER.
5.0 : Larry is the best teacher ever! Interesting classes and really engaging lectures. You can tell he is passionate about the topics. This class was so much fun! Larry is super chill and nice!
5.0 : Larry is a great professor. His classes are always interesting and he always wants to know what interests you or what you want to learn about in his class and he'll go from there. He's available for office hours and is always willing to help you get a good grade in his class. I totally recommend his class. Midterm and final are take home papers.
4.5 : The concepts taught are very simple, nothing too crazy and philosophical. Just show up to class, do the readings, light studying, and put some effort into the final and you will get an A. As for Larry, he's a good looking guy and many students look up to him. I personally thought his jokes were a bit corny and he's slightly mean spirited.
5.0 : Larry is great! Always funny and enthusiastic. No textbook, just some reading materials and news websites.  I learned a lot from his lecture. I will always remember "how do you know you know what you know?" Got a easy A at last.
5.0 : Greater teacher, super engaging and gives greater depth of political issues.  Definitely wound recommend this class, and he's hot! (extra bonus)
5.0 : So class is fun and informational. He really stepped back and took us into the problems of the past and present. This made us care more about what we were learning because it was relate-able. Noooot to mention he has gorgeous eyes and is handsome. Makes the class even more enjoyable, but he definitely has the personality too :)
5.0 : Larry is a great professor. He's funny, and very liked by students. His lectures are fascinating and he's generous with grading. I would highly recommend this class to anyone.
5.0 : Professor Salomon is a great professor, but this class is definitely a decent amount of work. I would say it is pretty hard for an intro level class. Despite this, Salomon is a truly inspirational professor who works hard to give a clear view of the subject and is accessible if you're willing to ask for help.
5.0 : Great professor, no textbook, super passionate about the subject, gives funny Daily Show and John Oliver videos to help you understand the weekly material better, as well as great links to online material. Everything is very current and so, so interesting. He's also very nice and understanding if you have any issues whatsoever. Highly recommended!
5.0 : Amazing teacher! He is very passionate about what he teaches and efficiently shares his knowledge with you!
4.0 : Awesome Professor, down to earth and easy to talk to! Don't be afraid to approach him, he's a cool guy. Visit his office once in a while, you won't regret it. He's really helpful.
5.0 : I took this course online over the summer and it was great! There were about 4 quizzes and a final paper. Also, there was an extra credit assignment towards the end. Larry is a great professor and I would recommend him to anyone!
5.0 : Larry is one of best professors ever! His lectures are really interesting and he is really funny! He always cracks jokes and is super chill and understanding. He'll even buy you coffee if you run into him in line somewhere.  If you do not do well on a quiz or test, don't worry there are a lot extra credit opportunities!
5.0 : Had him for RRS285, was a interesting and passionate professor about sports and history. Very knowledgeable about sports trivia. Not much HW except for reading, most quizzes and test based on the readings and he allowed to be taken with partners or open note sometimes. 2 Final essays, 3-4 pages, super easy to write.
5.0 : It would be a travesty for you to leave SFSU without taking a class from this man! He's not an easy A, but he provides you with all the necessities to get the grade you want. His lectures are intriguing and the material is perfectly put together so that there is never a dull moment.
5.0 : Larry is a super dope professor who always gives context from past history to connect to today's world. He expects the class to participate, and gives out a lot of articles to read, however if you're interested in social justice you'll realize they're real good reads. Book wasn't used too often - most readings were emailed links.
3.5 : Larry is pretty chill and really tries to connect with his students. He doesn't like being too formal but he's definitely knowledgeable about the history of ethnic studies and its importance today. He doesn't assign much homework and is open to discussion. Would definitely recommend, one of my favorite teachers.
5.0 : Well let me tell you something, Larry is DOPE &amp; AMAZING. He makes the class so interesting! Its a lot of information but you will love it if you're passionate. He offers lots of extra credit so don't trip too much. He's very understanding &amp; cares about his student. Funny guy &amp; has a great personality.  BTW he's hella HOT &amp; HIS EYES OMG...
5.0 : Had him for RRS285, hands down my favorite professor . I don't know much about sports but hearing how passionate he was really got me interested and i've learned a few things since. It was quite a few readings, but were quit einteresting. Definitely will try to take another class with him in the future. Plus, he's charming &amp; verynice to look at ;)
5.0 : A really funny and effective professor, If you pay attention its an A.
3.5 : I regret taking this course. I feel like the amount of effort you put in does not reflect your grade. It was discouraging. Book was not that great. His lectures are great though and he did offer a grade incentive for the last exam. Non-cumulative final.  I took 19 units this semester and got nothing lower than a B in my other courses.
4.0 : Come to class AS OFTEN AS YOU CAN. He uses a lot of powerpoints but doesn't put them online. He'll totally go back to a slide so you get info off of it, though. Make sure that you have a buddy in class to get notes off of. Also gives study guides for midterm and final. STUDY THE STAR TERMS.
5.0 : Awesome class, super interesting. The great research paper seems pretty intimidating (or at least it did to me) but ended up not being so bad. It's worth it to get an idea early and talk it over with him, even if you don't plan on writing your paper until the weekend before it's due.
5.0 : Took Rodriguez in Fall 2014. Let me just say I absolutely despise history but I loved his lectures. You MUST GO TO CLASS and take notes otherwise you probably wont pass. His tests come directly from the lectures. The tests are a few multiple choice and an essay. He does give you the essay questions in advance so take him!
5.0 : I have taken Rodriguez for two classes now, and I absolutely love him. He keeps the material interesting. He definitely knows his stuff... there has never been an unanswered question in his classes. Probably my favorite professor in the History Department at SFSU.
4.5 : I really enjoyed taking this class. It was challenging for me because I haven't taken many history classes before, but I overall really liked this class and would definitely recommend it to others. Only homework is to read and an essay at the end of the course. Take this professor!
4.0 : Good instructor but I'm not sure I see what all the fuss is about. The class is like a really good high school class and that's cool but not exactly that hard to find. I'd take another class with him but I'd hope for something more challenging.
4.5 : Professor Rodriguez was an awesome teacher, he's very knowledgeable about history and makes class interesting so you're very engaged. He talks fast though, so always make sure to be paying attention to his lectures. All his lectures are via powerpoint and he does not post them online, so another reason to make sure to attend class! Several quizzes.
3.5 : Professor Rodriguez is a really good lecturer in my opinion because the information is interesting and he has a passion for it. Although attendance is not mandatory, I highly suggest going as often as possible because he gives hints for the exams.
4.5 : He's a great lecturer and you will learn a lot from this class. Not an easy A but come to class, take good notes (literally write down everything he says), and participate and you should do fine! there were 3 exams  (30 questions and 1 essay question) and 4 quizzes based on readings.  Very engaging class, would recommend and take again!
4.5 : I love his class! He is very enthusiastic and passionate in his lectures. He's the smartest guy! You will need to take notes and go to every class. If you do that, his quizzes and tests will be easy. I would definitely take him again.
5.0 : Highly recommend for those who wish to be challenged about how they look at the world.
4.5 : Most info is common sense &amp; predictable. Attend class for clicker points. Stick to the grading rubric for each paper, they're graded by the TA's. Do workbook and papers ahead of time.  Look over notes &amp; find Quizlet's online to help you study faster.  I studied 3 different ones &amp;  got a 99% on her final exam. Easy, interesting class.
4.5 : Ivy is a wonderful teacher. Uses many visual aids to well, aid in our learning. Papers are easy and is given a grading criteria example sheet. It's technically a guideline , if you follow it, you'll get an A. I recommend her class because it correlates with our lives, with sex and all. Very understanding if you miss a midterm, you can take it later
3.0 : I found SXS 320 to be really interesting Professor Chen actually makes it fun. My only problem with the class is that I wish she would give out a study guide for the test. I found it was hard to study for them!
5.0 : LOVE this professor! 8am learning about sex, WHY NOT! She gives you most of the test questions in class, but you have to remember small things from the book full of articles. Exams are 50 Qs. but not hard if you study. Suggestions: do rough drafts for the papers (3). Try to attend class to get the test questions or make a buddy! Super fun professor
5.0 : Her TA's are horrible but she is great! The TA's grade everything and they are harsh graders so after they grade it and give it back make sure you check their grading and if you don't agree talk to Ivy!
4.0 : Omg she's so funny and she tells her students to call her Ivy lol. Her lectures are pretty interesting compared to other professors' lectures and her assignments are easy, too. Just study her online outlines and notes (she'll tell you what's on the test) and follow the detailed requirements for papers and you'll excel!!!
5.0 : It seems like she really wants her students to succeed. Clicker questions count for attendance, she puts the notes up online, and tests are on familiar material-no tricks. She also invites quest speakers to come into class, and makes her expectations clear and attainable. Fantastic professor, great person and interesting class!
4.0 : Loved this class but her TA's are terrible. They forget that they are students too and grade the papers so harsh!! Essays are pretty easy to do. Attendance is 2% extra credit only if you attend 90% of the lectures. She does come late every day which can get annoying. Amazing teacher and fun class!
2.0 : Ivy herself is really kind and easy to talk to. But she is late every class, you wind up having to come later. Her class felt more like a high school sex-ed class. I really didn't gain much new information from it in terms of psychology. Only 3 papers, which are easy enough, but her TAs grade really harsh. Thankfully, there are regrades.
5.0 : She's pretty easy and super friendly. I barely read for either classes except to study for the midterm and final. As long as you go to class and pay attention, the tests will be a breeze. The papers weren't difficult at all.
4.0 : Ivy is amazing and lays out the course perfectly! 2  4-page papers, 1 short one, 1 workbook due at the end of the semester, 1 midterm and 1 final, both based primarily on lecture slides. She gives tons of opportunities to make up assignments and turn them in late. Bonus boost in grade for optional attendance. Great lecturer!
3.0 : I barely learned anything from this class because it's a high school sex-ed class. If you really wanna learn something, take Dr. Carrington's class because he is a far better professor than Ivy. She always late at least 5 minutes and do redundant class announcements over and over again. Also essay topics are unbelievably stupid.
5.0 : Ivy is an awesome instructor. The class is very chilled even though it was early in the morning. The exams were very straightforward. For the papers, just follow the rubric and you will do well. Highly recommend this class.
5.0 : favorite class i took this semester! very easy and straight forward. everything you learn really applies to life and helps . i loved going to class even if it was at 8 AM. some subjects are more interesting than others. gives you test answers, simple essays, and easy workbook. i recommend. gonna miss this class!
5.0 : Ivy is a wonderful professor and I highly recommend this class!! That said, DO NOT BUY THE ICLICKER 2 SHE REQUIRES FOR ATTENDANCE! Every semester she tells students (after the final) that her iclicker software does not work and that everyone will receive automatic attendance points.  So do not spend that $50! Otherwise, this class is wonderful!!
5.0 : Ivy Chen is a great teacher, and  I loved going to this class!! It is the best class I have ever taken at State.  I hated that the TA's graded our papers though...(they were harsh and unfair and they were not even the teachers of the class), but it is still a good class. Don't buy "the clicker"--it is not necessary and costs a lot. Take this class!
5.0 : Ivy is Awesome She is very funny and knows how to keep everyone interested. I would love taking more classes with her
5.0 : Fantastic. The professor this city needs and deserves. Speaks quick and highly knowledgeable about her topics. She sure knows how to make the class laugh! Simply amazing.
3.5 : It is tough for the tests. You have to read 3 books.
1.0 : Don't take!!!
4.0 : Very clear about expectations. All notes, lectures, and videos are posted on her website. Takes late papers with a deduction. I'd say, overall very fair. Brings in guest speakers to switch things up from time to time. Stay on top of the workbook and papers and you should be fine. Papers are two pages at most, nothing crazy.
1.0 : Really a terrible teacher. Always late and all her lectures on contemporary sexuality are pseudo-science. The rest are all about basic high school sex-ed. She spends most of the time discussing what happens through puberty (we all went through it already, we know!). Talks down to the class like none of us have any kids or have experience here.
1.0 : Not a very educational course unless you have yet to go through puberty. She shows a lot of youtube videos and rushes her lectures. I never once opened either book she required and got a B overall. Most midterm/final questions/answers are discussed in lectures so it's easy to breeze by with little/no effort.
1.0 : Really can't think of a worse teacher I've had. It's pretty obvious she doesn't actually research anything she lectures on, just pulls whatever popular idea is out there and runs with it without any critical thinking. On the plus side, she doesn't expect any critical thinking. Easy A course, just don't expect to learn much.
1.0 : She says the books are "mandatory" but they really aren't. One of the workbooks has questions that are worth 5% of the grade but if you score well on the written papers and exams, you can still easily get an A without turning it in at all (and saving yourself the $40 she charges for it). Never once opened the other book and still passed well.
5.0 : If you show up to lecture and do the readings you are guaranteed a good grade. She is very informative/helpful &amp; always takes time each lecture to remind students of upcoming due dates and sexual health related events. Taking Contemporary Sexuality really had me think about my own sexual health and inspired me to make beneficial changes in my life.
4.0 : She is awesome, even those i took this class for credit and start at 8 in the morning, but never get sleepy and learned a lot. Recommended to both people who take it for major or credit.
4.0 : Ivy herself is a great person. Shes funny and super understanding. What was frustrating for me was her ability to be on time She would show up 10-20 mins late The class itself is super easy Midterm is an easy A if you study. Papers are easy too. I didnt think the tas were to harsh. Just follow the format &amp; its an easy A. Attendance not mandarory
4.0 : Ivy is so nice &amp; really kept me awake! She wants you to succeed on her exams. Sadly her TA's do the grading for her and let me just say, they clearly forget they're students themselves. They give students D's on papers &amp; mark off things for bs reasons. I hope they have to deal with the same thing one day. They give Ivy a bad name!
4.0 : I loved her class ! It was all straight forward and she didn't over talk. She gives you all the lectures notes so not much writing. 2 papers and a midterm for the first half of the semester and the final is just what you learned from after the midterm until final day of class
3.0 : The class is pretty easy but boy is it tedious showing up every day. She's anywhere from 5-15 minutes late DAILY and a lot of the time she's rushing to fit everything in because she can't seem to be on time. She uses way too many fillers in her speech and it's distracting. She's helpful but I always felt like she was condescending towards me.
3.0 : Class somewhat easy. There are two papers you have to write about your own experience, but even so the T.A will mark some things wrong. Some of the comments in here say that is an easy B, but in reality the average grade is C.
3.0 : Ivy is an interesting lecturer, but consistently shows up 5-15 minutes late every class. This gets frustrating when she rushes through topics at the end of class. The exams are knit-picky and ask very specific questions, rather than questions that show a general understanding. It's not a tough class though. Show up and you'll do fine.
4.0 : super easy class!  there are quite a papers, but they're really easy to get good grades on if you stick to her checklist.  She has 2 exams, but if you go to every class and take notes, you should be fine.  This class is at 8am and she's late for EVERY class which i find irritating, but oh well.  Also, attendance is monitored with clickers
5.0 : Ivy Chen is a wonderful professor! I'm SO glad I took her class. She is funny &amp; she makes me want to go to class at 8 am. Topics are relatable to anyone looking to learn about relationships and sex! I would definitely take this class again. It's important to study for her exams. Material is largely based on lecture notes!
4.5 : Took her sex and relationships class last semester and it was easy as pie so I took this one too to see if it was basically the same. It was. 2 papers, 5 pages each, 2 test each non cumulative and an easy workbook. Pretty easy class, just put in some effort and you should pass with an A. My friend failed the 1st exam but still got an A lolol
2.5 : Dr. Martin doesn't teach the class. He probably read through the textbook the first couple of weeks then for the rest of the semester we did nothing in his class. He doesn't lecture, he just talks about random stuff and tells stories. He doesn't explain assignments very well he kind of just says do whatever you want and grades it. I don't recommend
1.0 : Marc Martin absolutely sucks. He is scattered and disorganized and barely even teaches. Don't bother doing the homework because half the time he forgets that he has assigned it. After the first two weeks we heard almost no new information. He uses class time to repeat himself over and over and tell unrelated personal stories.
5.0 : After first week, attendance sheet is passed around. Textbook for hw but he goes over readings in class. Read optional books for extra credit. One midterm, term paper, final, group presentation. Easy grader. Uses personal experience as examples, can be pretty tangental.
3.5 : LIGHT READING, LIGHT WORKLOAD, EASY GRADER,  NO TESTS, LOTS OF IN CLASS ACTIVITIES. Showing up for class and participating is important, term paper is worth 50% of your grade but you get 2 graded rough drafts that are worth a combined total of 33% of your grade. text book only used for 3 assignments, can be photocopied instead of buying
5.0 : Professor Martin is very understanding and hilarious. The points system: attendance(200pts), two tests(50pts each), one paper(100), and one group presentation(100). He is a SUPER lenient grader! The tests are cake! He provides a THOROUGH study guide with page numbers on where to find the info. Just take his class you wont regret it!
5.0 : Prof. Baack is one of the best teachers in SFSU! Her teaching style is amazing, help you think and make you learn. She is not a tough grader, actually she is very understanding, and always here for your when you need help. Class participation is very important, try to speak up more often in her class. You will get good grade if you do your work.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor in SF State. Took her class in winter, three hours time easily past. Really learnt a lot. She was very helpful and truly cares if you learnt , tried to engage every student in class. Grading is very reasonable. Projects and activities are fun and creative.
5.0 : Professor Baack is incredibly knowledgeable, experienced, and coherent. This class was one of the best I took at SFSU, and I have recommended it to everyone I talked to in the business program.
5.0 : One of the best teachers at SFSU. A lot of engagement and practical useful information with real world cases and guest speakers. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Very good teacher and lecture is very clear, he video records the session, if you miss class you can watch it online. 3 tests and group project. The project can be intimating but if you go to his office hours he helps you a lot. His lectures has current examples so you can better understand.
5.0 : One of the best professors in SFSU. Lectures are a little long and dry, but he tries to make them interesting and interactive. Only one downside for 464 - a lot of time spent on out of dated Access and not enough on sql practice. Other than that highly recommend!
5.0 : My academic inspiration! Probably the best professor in the major with a strong passion for the material she teaches. I got Bs on first two exams, A on third, 100%s on all quizzes and presentation, and passed with a solid A. If you are late to class, she calls you out so do not disrespect her time. Book use is suggested. Review EVERY DAY!!!
5.0 : Best professor! Very tough class but such a good decision to choose her as a professor. She really teaches you how to be a successful student in the program.
5.0 : the absolute best
5.0 : AMAZING! Love love love Flo! Yes, class is so difficult. But, she makes you learn and that's what it's all about. You got to be prepared and ready to work for a good grade. She prepares you for your major and the real world. Strict, but just awesome!  BEST professor in the program.
1.0 : Wendy is very rude and makes comments that are unacceptable. Even if you do have previous dance experience, Wendy wants you to forget what you know and start from scratch to learn her way. I do not recommend Wendy as a ballet teacher. Tough love is one thing, but rudeness and blatant doubt about your future as a dancer is another thing.
1.5 : Wendy is a ballet elitist. If your looking for great use of pedagogy and teaching methods this is not the class for you. If you are an advanced ballet dancer and absolutely sure of it, enjoy and old world way of thinking, and judgmental ineffective teaching. Enjoy!
4.0 : I love this professor! She is an amazing dancer and she cares about her students' future in dance. This class is not a 'fun' dance class, rather a class that truly helps you transform into a better dancer! I learned so much. She is strict but that's what makes this class professional.
5.0 : Wendy offers her many years of experience with a tongue-in-cheek wit and a keen eye for detail.  She rewards improvement across the semester more than the talent a dancer is born with.  If you have a strong work ethic, you show up to every class, and you listen carefully to what she says you will improve your ballet technique.
4.0 : Dr. Ben Zeev is a great professor and is obviously very knowledgeable when it comes to the subjects covered. I have always been awful at math, so having the separate lablecture was a major help. Participation is mandatory and can easily alter your grade so make sure you're there. TA's are a huge help in this course so get familiar.
4.5 : Dr. Ben-Zeev is one of the best professors I've ever met at SFSU. He is smart and cares about his students. If you attend class and do extra credits, you can easily get an A. If you are psych major, take his cognitive psychology class.
5.0 : Took his summer session research methods class and it was intense and tons of work. Mostly read articles then worked on a group research study but it was alot of work. He was very kind and helpful and got a grade higher than I expected
3.0 : This class was tough but not impossible. I was so thankful for my TA. He made everything clear in lab that I couldn't understand in lecture because sometimes Ben-zeev made it too intimidating to ask questions. Do not try to miss class, Study hard, do all homework, and you will easily get an B or A.
5.0 : Awesome professor :) Makes statistics very easy to understand, and presents the material in a very clear manner. Very nice and encouraging.
2.0 : Exams are tough!
4.0 : He has been probably the best professor I have had at SFSU. Really cares about his students and wants them to succeed. Clearly cut course with instructions all laid out. T.A.s are also amazing and making the material really easy to understand.
4.0 : Dr. Ben-Zeev really cares about his students and your success in his class. Utilize your resources and meet with him during office hours. He wouldn't give you the answer but will make you think about the concepts in class so that you can fully understand it yourself without him telling you. Amazing and inspiring lectures.
5.0 : Ben-Zeev is a great educator! Very understanding and inspirational teacher! There's 6 easy quizzes based on reading, midterm, &amp;final. At the beginning of the class he said he was teaching the class as if it were a grad class. I almost decided to drop. Glad I didnt cause I learned a lot about the class &amp; myself. Definitely pushes his students!!!!
3.5 : Dr. Geisler is another professor who really cares.  Everything you need to know for exams is in his lectures and marked in RED.  You memorize that and you have an easy A.  Three exams one final, he drops lowest grade.  Lectures are long and he is winded but if you are struggling ask for help.    Miss class and you wont pass.
5.0 : Professor Geisler's GWAR class was the hardest class I have taken at SFSU and also the most rewarding.  If you miss class you will not pass, but he is so enthusiastic and motivational the 3 hour class flies by. Best teacher by far.
5.0 : Dr. Geisler's Perception class is a must take.  It was my favorite class and he is one of the most enthusiastic teachers on the planet.
4.0 : i love him but im a 4.0 student and this class is so hard :,( its insane
5.0 : I learned more from Professor Geisler's Perception class than I did from the rest of my classes combined.
3.0 : There are three exams and a final. He says they are based off lectures words in red yet when the exam rolled around there was a lot of info that was never on the slides. Your best bet for this class? Do not go to it. Meticulously study each chapter and know it like the back of your hand. He confused me into only studying info. I thot was relevant
5.0 : Professor Geisler is very passionate about Sensation and Perception. He is very clear and drops your lowest exam. I look forward to taking his PSY 581 class next.
4.0 : Dr. Geisler's powerpoint slides are concise and are geared toward the exams, which are appropriately difficult. The lectures occasionally veer into tangential territory, and Geisler's highly animated teaching style can be exhausting. Still, a relatively strong instructor.
5.0 : Took him Fall 2016 for Introductory Physiological Psychology. He was one of the most passionate, knowledgeable professors I have ever had. He has a great way of making the course material engaging and uses examples that help you understand and fully learn the material. Passed class with A, be prepared to work. Extra credit is offered.
5.0 : Three tests (midterms and final)  One 8 page research paper Lots of reading/discusion   Good movies!  Professor is VERY considerate about his students. He cares about them and is there to help/guide you. Come to him for ANYTHING. He's a great source and can make a great friend at SFSU   His taste in fashion is pretty awesome:)
5.0 : Professor Corea is very wise and passionate about the material he teaches. There is a lot of  reading to do just make sure you do not fall behind. The material is very interesting and he makes sure you understand the main ideas. I grew as a writer and critical thinker from this class. I recommend this class if you like an intellectual challenge :)
5.0 : He is by far the BEST professor in the journalism dept. He actaully cares about you and wants to help you learn and expand your knowledge. If you do the work, which is a lot, he will respect you and help you along the way. You will come out a better reporter after taking his class!
5.0 : Carlo Rossi is a superb teacher. He brings special education law and ethics to life with real-life cases (while always respecting confidentiality). Even if you are not required to take this class, I highly recommend it for any educator (general or special ed) who is interested in law and ethics pertaining to special education.
5.0 : Had Nancy for plant physiology around 1986 and still remember her class. What a great teacher.  The reviews that say she plays favorites are absolute garbage.  Warm, enthusiastic, friendly, supportive.  Clear, understandable lectures.  Hard exams.  Excellent.
4.0 : Easy, easy, easy. Some of the class work my seem elementary, but it's surprisingly helpful. A reader and textbook is required, but you can always ask a neighbor to share.
5.0 : Took her in Fall 2014. She is definitely the best professor for ENG 214 as it is a hard class with most other professors. You write about 6 papers (all on global warming) and as long as you tailor your essays to her beliefs she will give you an A. Class is really laid back, we even watched a movie on climate change! Take her
5.0 : I ABSOLUTELY LOVE JOAN! She cracks me up, she knows State so well, and she's not afraid to say all the crap everyone else is thinking. You have 4 one page essays, &amp; one 4-5 page essay. She motivated me to research what I was interested in which made it easy to write. She teaches grammar that no teacher has ever helped me understand. TAKE HER!!
4.5 : She is very easy! There are 6 papers. 5 are one page and 1 is a 5 page research paper.  She gives tons of extra credit! If you are confused go to office hours and she will help you. I loved her! If you can talk about climate change then you should get an A. I got a B because I didn't take the papers seriously. Highly recommend! TAKE HER!
3.5 : Joan Flippin was the most lenient professors at San Francisco State University. She always clarifies an assignment if students are confused. Her assignments include memorandums, proposal, group presentation, &amp; plenty of group work.(most assignments could be edited for a higher grade)
1.0 : Worst professor I had at state. She doesn't know how to use ilearn, never gave back graded work and is not always timely with email responses. In order to know how your doing in her class you need to email her but since she is always behind in grading, it's impossible to know if this "grade" is accurate or not. Incredible unorganized.
4.0 : I like her a lot as a person and a teacher but the way her curriculum is weighted is misleading at first glance.  There are so many assignments and quizzes that you would think would compensate for one meh test score when in reality, having 100 percent in everything else and one meh test score a meh grade in the class.
4.5 : HEAVY, DENSE material to fully understand &amp; memorize. Have study groups/sessions. Do the homework, clickers, extra credit, old exam questions. Record the lectures if you can.  Not an easy A or an easy B. Wouldn't take it with too many hardcore classes, needs a lot of your time.
4.5 : Very easy professor. Going to class will help you understand, but you can get away with not going and just doing the study guide on your own. Two papers, short and easy. 3 midterms that are not difficult if you prep for them. Part of the final is group work, the rest is pretty straight forward. Highly recommend, fun and very nice/helpful
3.5 : I'm going to give you the key to succeeding in Professor Dowdy's class. Make connections between the abstract material taught. The thing about physiology is that everything is connected and impacts each other, and so if you are able to create connections with the information that Dowdy provides, you're golden. Be warned, it can get confusing.
5.0 : Prof. Dowdy clearly interprets physiology in simple terms for students to understand. Physio is a generally a difficult subject, so you should go to office hours&amp; make study groups. She also curves the grading scale based on the first midterm. There are 2 Midterms and 1 Final. Don't underestimate her online quizzes &amp; the first bio/Chem online quiz!
3.0 : Wouldn't recommend this class to someone who is looking for an easy a. Dowdy's exams are extremely hard. She gives a study guide but doing the study guide doesn't mean you will do well on the exams. I answered every question on the study guide and reviewed the material yet still got a c on every exam. wouldn't want to take this class again.
4.5 : Very professional and good for an entry level bio course. Her grading rubric is very clearly outlined and as long as you keep up with the online quizzes and homework, you have that for you. Her in class exams and essays are graded fairly tough though. Even though she doesn't include a lot of humor in her lectures, she is still quite interesting.
5.0 : she was an amazing teacher. her quizzes are all online and you can take them a many times as you need in the time period she gives. the homework is all online but she does it by chapters so they are pretty long but very easy. she is the type of teacher that really wants her students to pass.
3.0 : Dowdy's lectures are well organized and packed with necessary material; plus, she responds to emails promptly. On the other hand, her quizzes/exams are multiple choice questions designed to do more harm than help students apply concepts to real life. Her method of teaching and formulating exams do not make sense to me. Good luck taking her class!
4.5 : Lynne Dowdy is by far one of the best teachers I have. She makes class so interesting and captures my attention quick. I'm so glad I'm taking her class because she makes things so clear and gives examples as well. I want to tell her that she's great, but I'm shy, so I hope she reads this! Looking forward to a fun semester!
3.5 : Her class encouraged me to become a Biology major. She is really good at what she does, but do not expect easy. There are 2 papers to write and I believe 4 exams, multiple quizzes and lots of E.C. She is reasonable but her exams sometimes contain material she never talked about. She is very clear when teaching. I received an A &amp; it was interesting.
3.5 : Wow Physio is so incredibly difficult. I've spent HOURS studying for those exams, attend every class and have been doing horribly. I am usually an A student and I will be lucky if I get a B in this class. Very discouraging.
4.5 : I had her for physiology.  I worked very, very, hard and still got a B.  This class is not easy.  She is one of the finest professors at SFSU.  You really need to pay attention, read, and attend class.  She gives you a run for your money!  Great instructor.  Highly advise taking her Physio class!
4.0 : Lynne is an awesome professor, very structured and clear. However, this class is pretty difficult. The tests are kind of hard. There are some online quizzes throughout the semester, also a little on the difficult side, but at least you can use your notes. Write down everything she says.
5.0 : Best teacher I have ever had. Very difficult material, but she's so good that the "epiphany" moments happen as she speaks rather than having to spend hours figuring it out later. 2 midterms, 1 final, 6 online quizzes (worst dropped). Grades on a steep curve which is awesome. Attendance not mandatory but GO, makes your life so much easier. TAKE HER!
4.5 : Such a kind professor, and a great sense of humor. Very clear during her lectures, and sometimes repeats herself to make sure students get it. This class isn't easy, but take clear notes and study hard. You should be fine. Oh ya and she curves.
5.0 : Lynne is a very caring professor.  She understands students and always offers her own time to help. She is a great lecturer but the material was very dense. Class lectures are all posted on iLearn. Class is curved, she tries to make sure everyone passes as long as you try you will do good. She is clear Study groups &amp; good notes are key to passing.
4.0 : Great lectures. Never a dull moment. Take good notes in class and listen to the recordings. Every thing you need to succeed in those challenging exams are discussed in lecture. Didn't read the book because it was way too much info. Offers extra credit. The cumulative final exam was extremely challenging, but it's physiology so that's a no brainer.
4.5 : Dowdy is a great lecturer, and she will make you like physio. I highly recommend record the lecture and write down everything she says. Tests are fair and based on lec, but some questions are very tricky. Make sure you do the old exams before the test. Go to her office hour if you need help. Extra credits are given, and the class is curved.
3.5 : Lectures are interesting. Write all of the notes she presents in class and read the book. Tests are based on lectextbook. Some questions are tough, so do study ahead of time. 2 essays, bunch of quizzes, 3 exams, 1 final. Tip: she sometimes recycles Q's from previous tests, so study the old exams before the final. She gives h.w online, pretty easy.
4.0 : Material is crazy hard, of course -- it lives up to its 600 level course number -- but Dowdy does a great job of teaching it. Very specific about what she wants you to say for written portion. Uses online homework, Clickers, and sometimes extra credit. Will curve to help people who are doing alright, but are scoring badly, pass. Good luck!
5.0 : does an amazing job condensing and presenting the information in a clear and orderly manner. the key to success in her class is to write down as much as you can in class and then listen to lecture recordings from that day (she posts them online) to fill in what you missed, I did not use the book at all, everything on the exams is from her lectures.
5.0 : Super sweet and knows her stuff. Easy as heck. Literally show up and you will pass.
4.5 : Lynne is the homie. If you want an easy A I highly recommend her. Just make sure you go to the class the notes are super easy and the tests are fairly easy. Hardest thing about the class would be writing the research papers and those aren't even bad. Highly recommend her.
5.0 : The BEST professor ever. Before exams she always send out review sheet. All the quiz can be retaken. As long as you finish the homewrok before deadline, you will always get full points on them.
5.0 : She is a really good teacher only downfall her exams are nothing like what you do with hw or with lectures! She jumps around from chpt to chpt like most professors b/c all of systems are related to each other. A lot of studying is needed for this class. Sit next to people are willing to study and go over material with you helps w/ clicker questions
5.0 : Lynne is amazing. She is knowledgeable and the nicest lady ever. The class is very interesting&amp; it can be a pretty easy A. Attendance isn't mandatory but if you miss a class it can throw you off. Her lectures are not boring at all &amp; she relates them to real life situations which makes them memorable. 2 papers, 3 exams, 1 final &amp; hw here and there.
4.5 : A lot of review from high school biology. We never used the text book in class (even though it's a "requirement") just need the connect pass thing, but the textbook is helpful when doing the connect assignments.
5.0 : the prof is a really good teacher, she is very clear and trys her best to help her students succeed in her class. her tests are really hard but if you study you will be fine.
3.5 : Dowdy is HARD. Of all the courses I've taken, this is the most challenging. She requires that you understand every aspect of everything in order to do well on the exams. She is a great lecturer, but the vocabulary on the exam is more advanced than what she presents in lecture. All in all, be prepared, this class is going to be quite the obstacle.
3.5 : Boring as sin. Hard for me because I'm on tumblr the whole time, but would probably be easier if I paid attention. Grades on a curve, drops a test.
5.0 : I'm minoring  in PLSI and took this class out of interest to me. I learned a LOT from this class and from professor Watts, although she gives LOADS of work. There is no required textbook, 2 exams, 1 group research project, multiple quizes and many reading responses and discussion forums.  All in all, a good class to take.
5.0 : Nicole Watts is an amazing teacher &amp; smart academic. What I did not like about the class was that it was so boring. I found myself falling asleep a lot of the times.  I think not being from the regions she lectured about made me lose interest.  Her lectures are super long, and she assigns crazy long essays. Expect to write 15+  pages.
5.0 : Nicole Watts is a social scientist of the finest caliber. This class was thoroughly engaging. It was high up there on my list of favorite classes in all of college. The only bad thing I would say is that she makes you print out a TON of PDF files and bring them to class rather than just make you buy an simple course reader.
3.0 : I took this class in the morning but I was able to get into the lecture and understand the material. I have learned a lot from the class that I can take outside of the classroom.
4.0 : Ms. Watts can speak for hours without anyone else talking but her class is very easy.  Just three tests, one project at the end, no final.  I wish there was more group work but looks like this specific class did not require it.  She's a great teacher but can be very boring at times.  However, she is very helpful and she has this awesome dog!
5.0 : I would definitely take one of her classes again. Her class was very engaging and interesting. She does assign long readings, so be prepared for that. As long as you attend, pay attention, and put in the effort you should do well. She also gives plenty of extra credit so there shouldn't be any excuse why you can't do well in her class. She's nice.
5.0 : Nicole's class was very difficult for me, but she went the extra mile to help me with everything, I started off getting a B- and C+ for the first two exams, and with her help I got an A on the final exam. Don't be afraid to ask her for help she's incredibly kind!
4.0 : He's very easy going. Lectures are long and dull, but his class is definitely worth taking. Very kind man and am looking forward to taking more of his classes. Not mandatory assignments but he doesnt tell you when homework is assigned so you kinda have to go.
5.0 : This professor is my favorite at SF STATE  Take him you wont regret   Kind  funny  generous  amazing  and dresses well!
5.0 : He gives great lectures, very funny and best of all he give you all the resources you need to succeed in his class. He gives a lot of handouts and he goes over everything in class. Homework is long but non frequent. Best professor I have ever had, cares a lot about his student's success. He doesn't pressure his students and well respected professor
5.0 : He is a great professor and he knows exactly how to mix econ with CJ to make it easy to understand for both types of majors. Handouts are amazing and very informative, sometimes it can even be used in your career.
3.0 : Prof. Vencill is interesting to listen because he's so experience, even though he's lectures are very long and he tends to ramble. Overall, easy midterm and 2 HW assignments, easy final with the fieldwork paper. Take him for the easy A !!
2.5 : Class is easy, a few HW assignments, extra credit, take home exams, and one 5 page paper. Downside is that this class goes by SLOW, especially if you are in a once-a-week 3 hour session. He rambles a lot and jumps around from topic to topic, making it hard to follow his thoughts.
4.0 : Great Professor! He knows his stuff. Although his lectures may be a drag at times I rally enjoyed taking his course. In fact, I enjoyed it so much that it motivated me to change my major to Criminal Justice.
5.0 : Great professor. Lectures about interesting stuffs. All exams are take home. Offers a lot of extra credits. Take him Take Him!!
4.0 : Prof Vencil is awesome. Cares for his students and is open to help you if your are struggling in any of the assignments.
4.0 : Don't buy the book. His lectures are interesting and his hw and tests are all takes home
5.0 : Dr. Vencill is by far one of my favorite teachers at SF state. He is a very kind man who will appreciate the little things you do like neatly organize your papers or turn in an assignment early. Makes lectures very interesting and fun. He is very knowledgeable in this subject so you'll be learning from the best. TAKE HIM, hes the best, wont regret
3.0 : Hes a super easy grader. He gave everyone an A. Doesn't take attendance but come in because he has random assignments due and he doesn't use ilearn or email,  so youre only way to get it is in class. Also, don't buy the books you wont need it.  Btw, dont get , me wrong I actually grew to learn a lot here too. Very easy and very interesting as well.
4.0 : Prof Potepan is one of the best prof I have ever met at sfsu.  He makes the material much easier than it is, but don't expect to have too much fun since econ is pretty dry. There are four exams, 150 points each, close book, no cheat sheet, and it is pretty hard tho.  So plz don't skip class or else you will regret.
5.0 : Prof. Potepan makes the class easy and fun. His lecture is clear. Study for the study guide and you should be fine on the exam.
5.0 : Prof. Potepan makes the class easy and fun. His lecture is clear. Study for the study guide and you should be fine on the exam. 13 online quizzes and 4 exams.
4.0 : Took Potepan Spring 2012 - I don't think he was a bad professor but he wasn't very punctual in responding to emails, but when he did he was very helpful. Downside - Projects and exams were pretty difficult. Lectures can be pretty dry and boring at times. I would recommend him overall, but you have to put in the effort to pass.
5.0 : he is really nice professor. I took econ 101. He uploaded his ppt so you can study by yourself, and his test is really easy
5.0 : He posts all his lectures online, and his study guides are spot on. You review the lectures, take the quizzes, and actually USE the study guides, you'll definitely pass. I only went to class for the first week and I got an A. Simple concepts as long as you take the time to learn them. Just weekly quizzes and 4 tests. Easy but I learned a lot.
4.5 : He is a very great professor! He is straight-forward with his lectures &amp; everything is on his powerpoints. He gave out 4 exams &amp; study guides for them. If you do the study guides, you'll definitely pass with B or higher! There are weekly quizzes! Also, you don't need to buy the textbook even if he says so.
4.0 : Potepan is the man! Econ can be a very boring subject, but he tries to make sure the class is engaged and understands the material. His study guides are straightforward and as long as you review the terms on it from your notespowerpoint you will do fine. Attendance is not mandatory but for a class like Microeconomics you can't miss any lectures.
3.0 : Really engaging lecturer. Very helpful during office hours. Not the most interesting topic, but he made it click.
3.5 : Potepan is an average prof. The class is very boring, but you have to show up to do iClicker questions after every lecture. The tests are extremely easy and mimic the study guide. There are 13 online quizzes and online homework that is available but doesn't count towards your grade.  Really average class, just go over the study guide.
1.5 : Potepan sucks at teaching Econ 101. His powerpoints are a summary of the chapters and you barely use the book. 13 online quizzes, but he drops 3 of the lowest grades. You have 4 tests, but he gives you a study guide that does not even help you prepare for the test. If you can, take someone else. His tests are hard as hell.
3.5 : Potepan isn't one of those teachers you're going to rave about, but he's a nice guy and tries to teach the material as clearly as possible. The final is just a test, there is extra credit from answering clicker questions, and he removes your 3 lowest quizzes. Micro is hard, but if you show up to class and read the powerpts b4 exams you'll get an A.
5.0 : Dr. Potepan actually teaches the material very well! He makes everything very clear and easy to understand, he is energetic, and you can tell he knows what he's talking about. You will actually learn the subject if you take his class. Tests can be difficult, so be sure to go to class, take notes, and study. Take him, you won't regret it!
5.0 : I loved taking her 600 class. She is such a sweet and motivational person. I would highly recommend her as a teacher.
5.0 : I've had Connie for the past 2 years and she is AMAZING. She is probably the most inspirational teacher I've had in my whole undergrad career. You can tell that she is so passionate about her students and the content that she teaches. You don't really need the book for this class, you can get by with not buying them. just borrow from a nice friend!
4.0 : Product Development. More design-aspect-driven rather than merchandising. There's a lot of reading. 2 books. One you read every week and post responses on iLearn. Second one, you use throughout and must answer 2 sets of questions. 3 projects throughout. First 2 by yourself and last with a group. MUST draw 60 sketches too. Takes attendance!
5.0 : He's a nice old man who answers any question with pleasure. No iLearn or emails though. He only checks attendance once a semester (at the end). Pretty easy class since he gives a reader (notes). However, attend and pay attention in class : not ALL exams questions can be answered with the reader. No homework, only 3 True/False exams. An easy A or B.
5.0 : Prof Germany is the best teacher I have ever had. He teaches history by telling interesting stories.  Stylish and extremely admirable. From his response to questions people ask in class you can tell he is very wise. You will respect him so much by listening to him. Learned so much from him and felt so sad wish I could take another class with him.
1.0 : Easy A, doesn't take attendance HOWEVER he is SUPER CONSERVATIVE and may offend some people. Still refers to Native Americans as "Indians" because "that's what they've been called for so long" and hardly talks about slavery in US history (or anything related to race discrimination). Also, low-key praises Trump. Easy class, but I didn't like him.
5.0 : There are only 3 exams. This includes the final (the final wasn't accumulative). Pay attention to his lectures because not all questions from the test can be answered from the print-out handout. Overall, he is a very passionate, and respected professor. Definitely take him!  P.S He rarely takes roles
3.0 : He is popular for the HIST 130 class for international students. He is an stylish old man. Very passionate on history. However, you have to study lots of knolwedge. 3 exams with T/F and you are done. No mandatory except for the last 3 weeks before final.
5.0 : Amazing professor! really know the material. tests are not that hard if you listen in his classes.
4.0 : Professor Vandergriff is one of the best teachers I had at SF state. The German program is phenomenal and if you actually want to learn the language and put in the timeeffort, Professor Vandergriff and Langbehn will help you succeed. You must be willing to work hard in her class because she will not hand you an A.
5.0 : She's a very sweet and approachable professor that will go out of her way to help you if you reach out. Most of the work done in here is partner work from the textbook. It is a "communication-based" class so expect a lot of verbal work. She curves the tests and drops the one with the lowest score at the end of the year.
4.5 : You have the option to take in class or online. Keep doing the review quizzes throughout the semester to refresh your memory cause cramming at the end will just stress you out. I didn't even open the textbook, you can do without it.
4.0 : Do all the MINI tests getting 100% on each one. There's really no excuse to not achieve that. The MINI tests are worth 50% of your grade and the final is a combination of all the tests in 50 questions, also worth 50% of your grade. Don't stress out about the final. Just read over your MINI/Review tests and you should be fine.
4.0 : Easiest class ever. If you're not a mktg major, don't buy the books/don't watch lectures. Grade is based 50% on 13 mini tests (10 questions each with unlimited attempts) and 50% final (50 questions from the mini tests). There's over 1000 questions from the mini tests so take each mini test 30-40 times to see all the questions. Cram 2 days before.
4.5 : He gives you a 10 question mini test which you can retake. so it's ridiculous if you do not get 100% on them. Having an option of going to the lecture or just doing everything online was a great option! Never had a need for the text book, so I wouldn't buy one.
5.0 : Grades are based on mini tests &amp; his final. The final is 50 questions from any of the mini tests. Take each mini test at least 5-7 times so you really see all the questions. I really started studying a week before my final test &amp; got 3950  an 89 in the course. I recommend get plenty of sleep and remain calm the day of the final! DO NOT CRAM.
4.0 : Make sure you do every mini test and get 100% in every one! This is very important.  I missed 2 and got some 8-9/10's, I could've gotten a way higher grade than what I got.
5.0 : SUCH AN EASY CLASS!!! I don't know why people stress over this class. You just have to do the weekly mini quizzes over and over until you get 10's on them. If you do that for each mini quiz then you are set for the final. I did pretty bad on the final but still got an A-.
4.5 : Bruce is an amazing professor. Fun lectures. No need for the book, just take the online quizes over and over and over and... you get it, easy A. Grade  50% online quizes (which you can take as many times as you want to get 100%) 50% final (which is a random assortment of 50 quiz questions.
5.0 : ONLINE CLASS: One quiz every week. He uploads a lecture each week which is roughly the length of a 80 min class. All the of the answers for the quizzes are in the lectures but it is a good idea to read the text. Plenty of extra credit. Be sure to get 10/10 on all quizzes, you only have quizzes and one in-person final. Pretty easy class overall.
3.0 : I have taken this class TWICE! And guess what? I've failed both times. If you do not have a good memory- DO NOT take this class! Even though I  followed all the class materials, lectures and never received lower than an 8 on a quiz.  Unfortunately,  I couldn't possibly remember the 1000 terms he asks us too. So I failed the final.
4.0 : 13 mini quizzes 50% of your grade and a final for another 50%. The questions are all multiple choice and you have UNLIMITED attempts to take the quizzes, which stay open for at least 2 weeks from the lecture date. The most RECENT attempt is the one that counts not the highest score so be careful. He also sets up review tests so you can study
2.0 : This class is all about memorization. I managed to get an A because I knew what the final was 50% of the final grade. Make sure to do your weekly quizzes on time &amp; ALWAYS STUDY!
4.0 : This lectures are extremely hilarious. I laugh everytime I tune in. I swear, it's like comedy hour. Other than that, he provides all the information to you. The tests are a bit tricky. It's not a hard class per say, but the grading system can make it that way (50% grade = quizzes, 50% grade = final).
5.0 : Great Prof
3.0 : I like the simplicity of the course (mktg 0431), however some of his questions are confusing and vague. It takes me about 2 hours just to get a perfect score with a quiz, as it is often hard to get answers even after reading the book and listening to lectures. Some terminology were actually different from the book which throws me off.
5.0 : This is one of my favorite classes I've ever taken. He is so incredibly knowledgable but not arrogant at all! Bruce is funny and quick, and obviously loves what he is doing. TAKE THIS CLASS!! Best teacher
3.0 : Read the whole book 3 days before the 50% final &amp; got a B+. READ THE BOOK. If I could go back, I would've definitely read each specific chapter before taking each mini quiz. Just try to do at least 10 attempts on every quiz so you get a majority of the answers to memorize/prepare for the test. Recommend to start studying a month before the final.
4.5 : Awesome professor, he is hilarious and grabs your attention. As long as you do your quizzes over and over again until you get perfect scores, and memorize most of the questions, you should get a good grade in class!
4.0 : The class wasn't too difficult during the semester. There were 13 mini tests with unlimited tries. The final was 50% of the class grade and you had about 1300 questions to study (from the mini tests). If you learn all of those you will get an easy A.
4.5 : Teacher was awesome and funny. All you gotta do is take the review tests until you know them all and you will definitely get a good grade.  The final is the EXACT same questions from the review tests.
4.5 : Just like most of the reviews say..... Take the mini tests over and over and over and over and over until you get a 10 on all of them. This will give you a great advantage come final time. You will only need a 20/50 on the final to pass with a c- which isn't hard. Never watched a lecture or read the book. Memorize the questions in review tests!!!
2.5 : For an online class, this was seriously difficult. I honestly don't know how anyone gets anything better than a C, because all you do it weekly 10 question quizzes, and then you have to actually come in for a final. No Bueno.
1.5 : Do not buy the book. It is absolutely NOT necessary. Get 100% on ALL mini tests. I can't stress this enough. Don't worry about how you get the answers, just get the points. Anything lower than 100% will only hurt you in the long-run. Class is NOT traditional, don't worry about fully understanding the material, just memorize questions for the final.
3.0 : 50% of the grade is based on final exam that consist of 50 multiple choice questions. questions are randomly selected from the test bank which has 1300 questions. amazing lectures if u wanna learn but if u wanna get good grade, u gotta memorize the mini quizzes and review quizzes. would have been amazing class, if only the final is not this way :(
3.0 : Ok, I wouldn't say this class is hard, but the final is such a gamble.  50% of your grade based on the mini test and the other 50% is the FINAL EXAM, which means that 1 question equals 1 percent of your grade.  Keep doing the review test and you will be fine, and make sure you remember all of them because it is exactly the same thing on final.
5.0 : Robertson is a fair and reasonable man. He can also be humorous sometimes in his own way.
4.5 : This teacher isn't hard. The first video lecture, he explains exactly what you need to do to pass. Take the quizzes until you've gotten 100%. For the final, I made flash cards of all of the questions on each quiz and I did just fine. NOT a hard class. Just actually do the lecture.
3.0 : Do your Quizzes on time. Which have no apparent schedule. Posts them anytime with random closing dates. Good thing is you can give them as many times as you like. Get 100% on these. You have to.  The final is in class and tough. If you get a 100 on quizzes you'll get an easy B. I missed 2 quizzes and managed a C.  Final is 50 Questions from 1K
4.0 : Grading is 50% weekly quizzes, 50% final. Live Lectures are uploaded online for Online students. Didnt read the book, I would recommend getting all perfect scores on weekly quizzes(Unlimited attempts),TAKING ALL EXTRA CREDIT GIVEN, taking the practice final over and over till you memorize. BEWARE, if you fail final you fail the class since its 50%
5.0 : 50% Final Exam (50/1100 random questions from quizzes).  Memorizing is easier if you attend; his lectures are fun &amp; entertaining. Took me literally 5 minutes to finish exam. Advice: memorize 1 full quiz/day and review everyday if you want an A. Take picture of your student ID in case you forget or YOU CAN'T TAKE THE FINAL EXAM. Seen ppl failed...
4.0 : Seriously DO NOT buy the book, it's not necessary. Grade is dependent on 13 online quizzes (50%) and a Final (50%). Retake quizzes as many times as you want until you get 100%. Final is tough... I walked into the final with straight A's on the quizzes and ended up barely passing the class (honestly didn't study). Should be an EASY A.
1.0 : I have got 10 for all of the mini tests and I have really prepared for the final but it must have been my unlucky semester because I got the questions that i have never seen in my entire life! I took the mini tests at least dozen times to prepare for my  final and that still wasn't enough! I think whole class is freaking lottery!
4.0 : Make sure to get 100% on the Mini quizzes, retake until you get a perfect score.
5.0 : Weekly quizes with unlimited attempts. All multiplechoice.  Basically, you have 100% going into final but final is 50% so you need 20/50 on final to get a C. Very doable. I got a 42/50 on my final and received an A.  All questions on final are from test bank from quizes.  Very interesting online lectures and despite not a lot of work, learned a lot
1.0 : This class is ridiculously time-consuming. His quiz questions are not consistent. His lectures are not aligned with the book or reading schedule. We don't think critically or do case studies. The class is nothing but definition after definition after definition.
4.0 : What I did for midterm: Studied 2-3 hours on each mini-test day before midterm. Wrote down all the questions I got as if they were notes (didn't copy word by word, I personalized it in a way I understood). I got a 96% on the midterm, but this may not work for you. Don't procrastinate to the last day. Earn consistent, MULTIPLE 10s on each mini-test.
5.0 : Easiest class Ive ever taken! Make sure to ace all the mini quizzes (unlimited attempts for two weeks from opening); 50% total. Choice of midterm and final and the higher grade will be kept and contribute to 50% of total. I only took the midterm. Quizlet is your friend! Find cummulative multiple choice there! I only cram 3 days before midterm :)
5.0 : Just a very very good professor
5.0 : The best and easiest professor at SFSU. Make sure you get 100% on all mini-tests, it's unlimited attempts so there should be no reason why to fail!. A tip from me is that take each mini-test minimum ten times and keep the question bank. The midterm/final will have the SAME questions. Prepare from the beginning! Easy A.
4.0 : No need to buy the book - he uploads his in class lectures &amp; powerpoints every week for the following test that is due that Friday night.  You have unlimited amounts to retake quizzes, but the last score is graded. You do have to take the final in class though, but he lets you choose the day and time. Small extra credit is offered (1-2 points)
3.5 : I wish final wasnt 50% of the grade. It's such a gamble...
4.0 : super easy class! everything is online, no need to buy the book. Class is 50% mini tests every week  and 50% the final. unlimited attempts on the weekly tests.
4.0 : 13 mini tests, 10 questions per mini test, 2 week timeframe to complete each mini test, 10 minutes max time allowed per mini test attempt. You can take them as many times as you would like, the last attempt is graded, not neccessarily the highest score!! Mini tests are worth 50% of grade, other 50% of grade is FINAL EXAM. NO HW, no projects!
1.5 : This class is BEYOND pointless. If you're okay with a C or a B, you'll be fine. Otherwise, you're stuck taking mindless practice quizzes hoping to remember enough to pass your final. No matter how much you do throughout the semester, you'll probably get screwed. He doesn't help and he doesn't care. Take something else!
4.0 : Make sure you get 100% on all of the mini tests. Two weeks before the final, I spent hours on end trying to memorize all of the terms. Makes you crazy but hard work definitely pays off. I got 100% on the final. IT'S DOABLE, YOU JUST HAVE TO INVEST TIME IN DOING IT.
2.5 : It felt like a I was only taking 3 courses this semester. The only thing i did for this course was retaining answers for the mini-quizzes and final exam.
3.5 : I wasn't very fond of the way he set up the class. Weekly mini quizzes which account for 50% of your grade. In-class final, which you would only need to get a 50% on (if you got 100% on all your mini quizzes) to get a C. Final is comprised of 50 questions from the 1300 question bank from mini quizzes. Study those, and you'll pass.
1.0 : Hated this class but literally no one else offers it. You have to cheat to get through this class, so google all the answers and make sure you get 10s. The book won't help you (I read it cover to cover), and listening to his lectures still won't help you (because he forgets to mention things).
5.0 : he is by far my most favorite prof, easiest, kindest and just a great teacher, study guides always online go over exactly what you need to know practice test and finals semester round. you pretty much can't fail unless you want to. This man is truly an incredible teacher and i'd take another class with him if the opportunity shows. TAKE HIM!!!
3.0 : Bruce Robertson is a nice professor. The class is one the easiest ones I've ever taken in term of work. However, becuz of that, it's easy to ignore the readings and lectures until you are hit with the final. So to have good grade, you should definitely listen to him by redo the quizzes until you have the perfect scores and be sure to read the book.
3.0 : Just finished the final for this class and got a 48/50. This class is not your conventional class, you really need to put a lot of time into learning and remembering the questions. I found the book to be extremely helpful! some of the questions use these random terms that can't be found or correctly translated online and the book helped me out alot
5.0 : Make sure you view all the online lectures and have some basic understanding of the concept. Make sure you get 10s for all the mini quizzes (unlimited attempts for the mini quizzes) since it accounts for 50% of your grade and as for the final ( also, 50% of your grade), do the practice examination a lot of times.
4.0 : Study the for the finals a month or couple of weeks ahead. Each Mini Quiz has 100 problems, so the total 13 Mini Quiz translates into 1300 questions. Study one or two Mini Quiz per day (keep reading until you memorize). Don't even waste your money on the book. I received an A without ever opening a chapter. Do the extra credits.
3.5 : Professor Robertson's class is an easy B. Don't plan on learning anything. All mini quiz answers are online. The final, which is 50% of your grade, is pretty difficult. Study the practice final exam!!! It's easy to forget you even have this class. I recommend taking when you have a heavy load. Zero homework, 13 mini quizzes and a final.
4.5 : Quite an easy class. Make sure to keep retaking the weekly mini-quizzes over and over until you get a perfect score. The final was pretty tough but manageable. I didn't study at all and passed the final using common sense and materials that I retained from other classes. Weekly mini-quizzes are worth 50% of your grade, so you'll need a 50% on final
4.0 : all you have to do is memorize every single mini quiz each week! It is a ton of questions to memorize, but it's super easy and doable. The reason why you have to memorize them is because the final consists of these exact questions and answers. Super easy. Just time consuming to sit down and memorize a pool of about 1000 questions.
5.0 : The mini quizzes are 50% of your grade, and you get unlimited attempts with most of the answers on quizlet. Make sure to get 10's on them all and do all the extra credit given to boost your grade before the final which is 50% and a repeat of the quiz question pool (1000+). Be sure to take the time to flash memorize the questions. no excuse to fail
3.5 : Never ever used text book. 13 Mini Tests (50%) and Final (50%). Each mini test has unlimited attempts, so you can take them as many time as you can. Just keep take mini tests until you remember almost everything, and you will be okay for the Final.
5.0 : Taken every class I could have taken with him.  The best professor I had at SF State.  Great guy all around.
5.0 : One of the greatest if not the greatest professors I have had. Very respectful and knowledgeable. Replies to emails quickly, and is willing to help during office hours. Taught me a lot this year, not an easy class but if you work hard you will do fine.
4.5 : Not attending class for me didn't mess me over. But you should definitely attend the peer reviews as well as the quizzes which he announces on learn. He also puts every lecture online and give you more than one chance to retake a quiz until you get an A. I loved his humor!He is very strong minded so don't be scared if he calls you out on things.
5.0 : Great teacher and Human being. I hope he reads these because he should know how much his students love and appreciate him. You'll have a hard time finding another one like him, as he's been through a lot and was previously a rockstar. If you liked "School of Rock" then you will enjoy his class :D.
5.0 : Mark was a very helpful professor. He was hilarious and helped you understand the assignment very clearly. The reader is HIGHLY recommended. You won't pass without out. Although he may have a couple of essays, he sort of makes it into what you want to write about so you aren't limited to topics! Great teacher, Love MARK!
5.0 : Mark is an all around great guy. For a man of his age it definitely surprised me that all of his lessons were so modern. He makes things relevant to how English works today. A lot of grammar and writing workshopping of course, but he seems to genuinely care about helping. There were 4 essays and lots of random grammar quizzes. None of it was hard.
5.0 : I love him. OMG!! He's the best prof ever. I hate writing essays, but he made it super fun for me. He's a super chill dude and hella funny too ;) i would take him again!
5.0 : Mark is the funniestbest english professor I've ever had! Extremely helpful, only write 4 papers, easy english class!
5.0 : AMAZING teacher! So funny and relatable. there are only four essays... his goal is to teach you that the world is going down hill and we are the new generation that has to fix it. Totally recommend Mark.
5.0 : He is probably the best English teacher I've ever had. He is always in a good mood, and has students write professionally by teaching key issues in writing effectively while not over-emphasizing it. He cares alot about the substance being written in essays, which makes students feel like professional writers. Take him.
5.0 : Hands down the best English teacher I've ever had. Only 4 papers the whole semester that involve interesting topics. His grammar quizzes are a little tough, but he'll help you through it if you're struggling. He's also one of the funniest/craziest human beings  I've ever met, making every class interesting. Take his class you wont regret it.
4.0 : Great guy has no filter and funny as fck.  Old school has a little stubbornness to the way he teaches but he's a great teacher
5.0 : One of the best teacher's I've ever had.
5.0 : The best teacher I have ever had.
5.0 : Oliphant is awesome. The class consisted of several online quizzes (easy nonetheless) and a couple exercises (also pretty easy). One midterm and a final. I went to class pretty much everyday and BARELY read the book. Pulled through with an A. Take him!! Great professor and if you take generally good notes it's definitely an easy A/B
3.0 : This class should have added more ecological aspects in bioclimatology. Dr. Oliphant has superb background in climate science, yet I was disappointed with this class for not discussing in-depth of more ecological relationship between atmosphere and biodiversity phenomena. I wish this class was co-taught with biology &amp; ecology professors.
3.0 : He was condescending at times. He knows the subject, and he sure has long experience in studying climates and meteorology. Overall, the class was okay, yet you gotta work and attend all of his lectures to know concepts to do well in his assignments and exams. No offense, yet I didn't enjoy the subject because he emphasized more on techniques.
4.5 : He was my favorite class. Great sense of humor and teaches students to be concise with their reports.
4.5 : No tests, all fieldwork and lab reports and a big final field study project and presentation. It's almost all group work but it's reasonable. LOVED this class. Very informative, topics were always relevant and useful for any future fieldwork. He gives great feedback and expects your reports to be top notch but it's all great experience!
4.0 : Cares and respects his students. Very approachable and reasonable. Lecture was very informative and  served as good review from the reading. Be sure to do well on exercises and quiz's.
4.0 : Lovaas sticks to her syllabus, and most readings are on ILearn. Not an easy class, but thought-provoking. We had a field trip to San Quentin prison. Great class for mature, engaged students. Big paper in the beginning, easier 2nd half of semester. If you are addicted to your cell phone and/or extremely right wing, stay away.
4.0 : She's great and all BUT do not expect an easy ride. Reading intense course. Deadlines are strict, no exceptions. Most people in my class that I've talked to are regretting taking it at this point mid-semester.
5.0 : Karen was the best teacher ever! She is so passionate about communications and it truly reflects in her teaching. My class was almost three hours long and went by so fast because she was so funny! The speech assignments were very helpful and she explains each thoroughly. She was an amazing teacher! I would DEFINITELTY take one of her classes again.
5.0 : Professor Lovaas is so intelligent, mindful, and respected by students. The class readings were so interesting, the class was amazing! Grading is clear, so just follow her guidelines and an A is no problem. Participation and attendance matters! No exams, just 8 quiz's based on book/hw readings which are easy! Take this class, you won't regret it !
4.0 : Karen organizes her class in a very straight forward matter.  Typically one reading (length varies but usually on the longer side) accompanied by one quiz each week (open notes but not book). No midterm and no final test. Participation matters! SO helpful during office hours!!
5.0 : Dr. Lovaas is a passionate teacher. She is one of the few professors who really care and challenge her students. Additionally, she expect her students to write on a high level and she gives good feedback on essays. This was not an easy class but as long as you try she will work with you. Participation also matter as she likes to listen to opinions.
5.0 : I enjoyed this class very much. After I thought this class was going to be really hard but as the semester went on, I found it at ease. There is 1 discussion presentation and 1 group presentation. The group presentation was fairly time consuming but after we got an A on. Overall would recommend this class to anyone.
4.0 : Her energy is great, very passionate. I have her for a night class and she keeps us all awake. The material she uses is amazing.
5.0 : You will be able to joke with Prof. Inara.  She lets us make up one of our six quizzes!
5.0 : Inara is universally adored by SFSU music students. She is an outstanding musician and an excellent piano teacher. Her lesson plans are well organized and incorporate many different types of projects. There are weekly performance quizzes. Her grading is more than fair, and she gives one quiz makeup opportunity (Quasi-Amnesty Day). Plus very funny!
5.0 : Inara is my favorite professor of all time. She is incredibly smart, a fabulous pianist and musician (she can play ANYTHING), and on top of that she is so helpful. She really cares about you and your success. I consider myself very fortunate to have had her as an instructor. She changed my life. And, may I add, she is GORGEOUS!
5.0 : I love Inara! The lab portion of MUS120 was so much better because she was teaching it. She genuinely cared for the students, and she was more than willing to help students when they were having trouble. She is a big reason as to why I am choosing to continue playing piano! I wholeheartedly recommend her for MUS120, you guys won't regret it!
5.0 : A real treasure she is, definitley fits into the category of cooky arts professor but always with a good heart. She is very kind and you can tell she teaches out of love of music and watching kids succeed. Attendance is not mandatory but quizzes are. Homework is usually practicing which can take effort. Overall one of my favorite professors.
4.5 : Professor Burke is amazing and very helpful.  His class was a lot of fun and I always looked forward to it each week, even though it was an 8 hr class on a Saturday.  He is a funny, smart professor that cares about his students and the subjects he is covering.  Take any of his classes and I am sure you will not regret it :)
5.0 : Took 2 classes w/ Dr. B. He was very organized, consistent &amp; willing to go the extra mile to help students.  He makes the class(es) fun to learn &amp; easy to apply in real life.  Walks his talk.   Respects students' opinions. Life changing classes!  The finals for both classes were papers = integrating what you learned. Returned HW in a timely manner.
5.0 : Burke is a funny, and knowledgeable professor. His meditation class was so fun! We went on a lot of field trips to meditation centers. He made the class feel comfortable and we all felt like family towards the end of the semester. An 8 hour class on Saturdays are never fun, but this class was exceptional. I learned a lot about meditation in 540.
5.0 : Geophysics  F82.  One of the best classes ever.  Very difficult material and lots of it, but very well organized and it flowed.  We dealt with cutting edge subjects (in fact some of the questions brought up are still not answered).  The final exam was a take-home, with a promise not to spend more than 8 hours on the exam, and I used them all.
5.0 : Must know the material and know it well, in order to pass the class.  Don't miss class cause answers for questions are sometimes given in class or during lectures, plus there are clicker questions daily &amp; 5pts for participation everyday. The 7 pg paper was the hardest part of this class, start early on it!  Use studyroom to help you pass this class
4.5 : Favorite class this semester! I finished with an A and was lucky enough to be one of the top 10 in the class. Advice for an A: read and understand the material for the quizzes, GO TO CLASS, make flashcards for exams, take side notes on the notes provided, AND WRITE DOWN THE QUIZ QUESTIONS to help you study for the exams...I promise this will help!
4.0 : Dr. Carrington's lectures were informational and he can sometimes be funny. The 7 page paper can be super stressful if you do not start on it early. He asks at least 1 quiz question per class on the readings or lectures, which are worth 5 points each. So make sure you stay on top of the readings! Wonderful class! :)
5.0 : This is one of the more difficult classes I have taken at state but it is also one of my favorites. Dr. C is up front about what he expects and organizes the class well. I prefer classes that are a bit challenging like his because they push me  to learn. The readings are interesting and he is so incredibly knowledgeable that it is inspiring.
5.0 : Great professor! Easy A, but work for it! Read materials thrown at you, write down the mini quiz Qs everyday bc it will be repeated on exams!, pay attention to lecture bc you will be quizzed right after, attending class (on time) is a MUST! He gave enough extra credit quiz Qs that I didn't have to do the major paper! Wish he taught more classes!
4.5 : AMAZING!YOU WONT REGRET TAKING THIS CLASS! i learned so much. more than i have in any other class. he makes you feel like the class is gonna be tough but its not. if you just go and listen, the three test are EXTREMELY straight forward. he doesn't trick you. exactly whats on the little one-question pop quizzes IS THE TEST. take this class.
5.0 : As a SXS/LGBT minor, you are required to take this course. Lucky for you though it is an excellent course with a great professor. In this class we had weekly homework assignments that consisted of participating in a student forum, reading, watching a video(s), and taking a quiz. In addition to this, we wrote a 10-page paper.
5.0 : He is a sweetheart, and furthermore is extremely intelligent. His lectures were super fascinating,to the point where I looked forward to attending his class. Just make sure you attend class becasue he takes roll with iclickers. There are 3 exams that are fairly easy if you've been keeping up with the reading and lectures. There is 1 paper.
4.5 : Everyday, he has a couple clicker questions for you based on the readings. Make sure to jot them down because they will be on the midterm and final. Sometimes he has extra credit questions too, which will save your ass if you screw up a little here or there. The 8pg paper was daunting.
5.0 : Carrington is by far the best professor I have had on campus. Lectures are interesting, factual and relevant to legal and cultural issues present in our society. I would take this course, or any course offered by Carrington, a thousand times over. Just make sure you stay on top of readings and pay attention during lecture and you'll be fine!
3.0 : EVERY single exam is taken on iClickers and it is HORRIBLE! One minute to answer each question and you have to do it silently as a class. You can't go back to change your answers either. The end of the year paper is probably by far the hardest thing I've written and he's super tough on the requirements for it. You MUST show up to EVERY class!
5.0 : Class consists of well developed lectures &amp; interesting  films. Clicker questions are given every class and make up most of your grade, 2 exams and final taken via clicker (exams are pretty easy as long as you attend class), and one 7 page  paper. I didn't do the readings but I still managed to get an A. Would definitely recommend this class.
5.0 : This class was amazing!! Learned so much from dr carrington and was exposed to many interesting articles! Expect a quiz every class, which are really not too bad since they're based on the readings. The hardest part of this class was the 7 page paper, but write bit by bit everyday and you'll be fine!
5.0 : Attendance is important with this class, but if you miss a day, it could be made up with the extra credit questions. Don't have your phone out or the T.A will mark off points. Three 100 point quizzes and a 250 point final. The paper is the most difficult thing: 8 pages. Besides that, the class was fun and interesting.
5.0 : definitely a dope professor that will make your eager to learn! He's extremely knowledgable and hilarious! Love him!
4.5 : Although the class is really big (and I'm not used to huge classes like this), Dr. Carrington's class is the most memorable. You will learn a lot in his class, but get ready to read a lot since the daily quizzes are based on the material. He's a great professor so take him if you can! :)
1.0 : Extremely short with students, frequently neglecting to answer questions. Hours of tedious youtube lectures every week. Very specific and narrow focus. Material of course very different from description of class in school catalog.
5.0 : Dr. Carrington is by far the most influential professor I have encountered during my college career. Although his class is challenging, it is never boring, it is thought provoking, and it is endlessly interesting for anyone from any school of thought.  I highly reccomend any course by him, and his TA's are also very accessible and helpful.
5.0 : Amazing professor! Great lecturer, interesting material. Lots of reading and quizzes. Very helpful, will take the time to answer subject-based questions. Not bad for a mega-class.
3.0 : Words cannot describe how much I enjoyed this class. Dr. Carrington is an incredible man and has touched many lives. He radiates wisdom, tolerance, and kindness. I wish I went to his office hours and got to know him. This class takes work, but it's worth it because you actually LEARN about valuable life lessons. Do yourself a favor and take SXS400!
5.0 : I really respect Dr. Carrington. While I personally struggled a bit in the class (daily iClicker questions can be really tricky at times), I felt it was an enriching experience, and I would say not to let the challenge of the class deter you. Reading on some heavy, but interesting topics, iClicker tests, and 1 review paper pretty much.
5.0 : Dr. Carrington has all the hallmarks of a great professor. He is knowledgeable, passionate, and has a great sense of humor. You should not take his class if you are not prepared to do a lot of reading and don't plan to attend every session. If you do the reading and pay attention to lecture there is no reason you shouldn't receive high marks.
5.0 : Professor Carrington ROCKS! He is so thorough in his explanation of the content and leaves no leaf un-turned (or is it rock? I'm not sure. Womp.) You will not regret taking his class, its insightful and fun! Let's talk about sex!
4.5 : Attending class is a must. Readings are a must. The lectures were crystal clear, and the tests were fairly easy, at least in my opinion. He's a cool professor. You'll do good in the class as long as you meet him halfway.
4.5 : Great teacher. As long as you show up to class and bring your iclicker, you are bound to pass. Classes are interesting so it's easy to pay attention and keep up.
5.0 : Reading the material prior to class is essential for doing well. Questions are asked from the reading on a daily basis, each question is taken electronically through the iClicker, &amp; worth 5 pts each. The term paper is pretty tough, but if you do well throughout the semester, you can pretty much guarantee yourself an A wo many points on the essay.
5.0 : BEST ENGLISH TEACHER AT SFSU!! :)
5.0 : She is honestly the sweetest lady EVER. Super glad I took her. Although she isn't the easiest grader she still gives a lot of leeway for her students. She is passionate and hilarious. AND brings snacks from time to time! She also provided the course reader because she didn't want her students to have to pay for it!! She cares so much about us.
4.5 : Dr. White is a really great teacher! The class was pretty easy, and the material wasn't difficult to get through. Also she was on an episode of Bill Nye the Science Guy, on Evolution.
4.0 : The class structure is very do able, you will read world news, which is why it caught my eye so much. It is a very eye opening class, if you have interest in countries around the world, or even politics , I highly recommend it !
5.0 : I'm so glad I had a class with her. She's incredibly enthusiastic about what she teaches and her energy along with the enthusiasm made the class extra interesting and fun, to be honest. Great teacher. Great person. She helped me a lot. Wish I could have had another class with her.
5.0 : Jillian is amazing. Smart, funny, and passionate about the subjects she teaches. There is a lot of reading, but she picks the material thoughtfully. I have taken two of her classes now because I feel like I learn so much when I do. She is very welcome to feedback and trying to alter her teaching style to everyone's learning style. Take her class!!
2.5 : Too much reading required, she suspects everyone who uses their computers is not focusing on her, and when she asks for feedback at midterm lie and say everything is great.
3.5 : Alright. Plain and simple. Film History class is lecture lecture lecture. 2 Discussion posts a week (paragraph), doesn't matter your substance, long as you post. Every other week a quiz. Don't buy the book. I LITERALLY google'd every quiz and test question and passed with an A. lol. Easy but so  boring.
5.0 : I took several classes with Rutsky during my time at SFSU and he was the only professor that ever engaged me. Although his lectures are PowerPoint-heavy, he's very thorough. I liked his tests. I once asked if I could write about Jeanne Dielman for the Film History II final despite it never being a film we covered and he let me. I miss that guy.
5.0 : I love him! He is a great teacher! He is very passionate about film, specifically history (obviously). So here's the class: Go to class, sign in, listen to his great ppt lectures, and watch a film of the week, online quizzes every week (based on txtbook), a midterm and final (study guides provided). That's it! Great class! Loved it! Funny man!
5.0 : Somewhat challenging of a class but, if you go to class and read the material, it is an overall easy class. Interesting guy to learn from!
5.0 : She is the best teacher I have ever had!!! Being a freshman and the first person in my family to go to college made me really intimidated for college and all the classes I had to take. But she really makes sure that you feel welcomed and supported, I would totally recommend this teacher for anyone.
5.0 : Ariel is amazing. I've always hated writing and dreaded essays but she truly made it enjoyable. The topics were so interesting and she went over every reading assigned the next day hitting key points. She is a must take if you struggle with writing or lack confidence.
5.0 : Ariel is hands down one of the best professors I've had. Every class lecture is engaging and we only wrote three essays throughout the semester. If you show up, participate in the lectures, do your homework on time, and take her feedback on essays, you'll definitely get an A. She also gives a bunch on extra credit opportunities, so take advantage.
5.0 : Greatest professor i've ever had! So nice and the work is so easy and the reading materials are interesting. Gives feedback and is always willing to help when needed.
5.0 : I LOVE ARIEL VIGO!!!!!!!!!!! Great help. Just do all your work and you'll do fine
4.0 : Ariel is the sweetest instructor I have ever met. I would say she is better than most of the teachers I had in high school. She really does care about her students and their progress in the class and her workload is just enough, not too much and not too little. Her office is almost always open and she's always willing to help or give feedback.
4.5 : She's extremely helpful and willing to work with students if they have problems in specific areas. She appreciates participation and work with a good amount of effort put into it.
5.0 : Professor Vigo is the best I've had for my first year of college! She cares and by means she will help you as long as you reach out to her. I had a tough time on my essays, but she's nice enough to let her students do revisions and extra credit. Vigo motivated me to do better on my final paper. I was able to use her resources. She's amazing.
4.0 : Regina is really approachable and encourages students to explore their interests within the nonprofit field. Field trips and guest speakers add depth to the course. Assignments are tough and overwhelming at times but overall a great class. You will definitely gain insight into the functions of nonprofits and the role they play in greater society.
5.0 : Best online instructor. Accessible. Quick grader. Thoughtful feedback. Really cares. Her class is hard, but she will help you if you are willing to put in the effort. I learned a lot!
3.0 : She is a pretty good professor however she doesn't really help you with your questions She gives you study guides that are very similar to the tests and Final. She does go in a quick pace so you really need to keep it on track. She also has a bit of an attitude. Overall its an easy class to pass
5.0 : loved her! She was absolutely amazing! Her tests were exactly like the study guide so if your grade is bad it's your fault! She is so helpful and funny!!! Take her class if you're trying to take elementary statistics!
1.0 : She does not update grades, so you will not be able to find out what grade you got in the class until grades are due at the end of the semester. She does not reply to emails, at all. You are not allowed to bring food or drinks in the classroom, that includes water. She gets mad if you get up to use the restroom. Would not recommend!!!
4.0 : Mary's class was pretty easy. I took Stats in high school so this class was basically a review for me. There were 3 major tests + final. Homework was easy and you get a lot of chances at each problem. She video tapes her lectures so if you miss it you can watch online. I never once used my textbook...
4.5 : Mary is by far the BEST math professor I've ever had. I had to take pre calculus three times before I could pass it; she made the class so easy. Her lectures are very easy to follow and she really cares about her students. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Really good teacher. Explains lessons very well. Don't be afraid to ask questions, she can slow it down for you. Posts lecture online, but I recommend actually showing up to class. 3 projects but super easy.  Has a good sense of humor so you get some giggles during class. Class is easy if you listen during lectures, take notes, and do the homework.
5.0 : Like any math class, you have to work for the grade you get.  Personally math is not my strongest subject but Mary explains each problem thoroughly. We have weekly hw assignments online . Everything on the hw/tests are generally straight from her lectures. Though this class can be a lot of work at times, I definitely recommend taking her.
5.0 : By far, the BEST math professor I've ever had! She understands that math is not everyone's strength and that it can be difficult to understand, so she does not use math jargon, will clarify something if you ask, and always provides solid examples. Plus, she didn't make us buy a useless $100 textbook! Take her class, you will have no regrets!
4.0 : She's a really great professor!!!! Class was great with her. She's very clear and makes things easy to understand. Homework is decently easy too, and she gives us study guides for the tests, which are questions that are very similar to whats going on the test. Recommend that you sit in the front. Overall really great professor and easy class :)
4.0 : Mary Halloran was by far one of the best Math teachers I have ever had. Her lectures are clear and she works problems out step by step. She makes sure you fully understand everything before moving on. Her quizzes and tests are easy. Everything on there was shown in class. Do the homework, take notes, and ask questions. She always helps!
5.0 : Mary Halloran was one of the best math teachers I've ever had. Shows nothing but examples during her lectures which is extremely helpful. Her tests are the EXACT SAME as the study guide so they are impossible not to get A's on! She also allows a cheat sheet during test so take advantage of this. She can be rude sometimes. But she is great overall!
5.0 : Took pre cal, cal 1 and cal 2 with her, all received A. She will explain everything clear, so you will learn everything easily and be able do well in class. Therefore, I recommend to take her class.
4.0 : She records herself and post them onto ilearn, where you can rewatch her until you understand the concept. I've never gotten an A in math, but somehow I managed to do so in her class. She replies to email timely and she's pretty cool. Do all the homework, study, have perfect attendance, and you'll definitely get an A.
5.0 : Halloran is honestly one of the best math teachers at SFSU.  Math has always been my worst subject, however, Halloran's class was different. She posts the lectures on i-learn, which helps dramatically.  She gives study guides before the test, and they are very similar with different numbers.  Only hard part of this class are HW as its abit tedious.
5.0 : Best Math teacher I have ever had. I struggle allot with math so going into Bus. Calculus when I barley passed math70 terrified me. Now having had Halloran I see that the teacher is the difference! Post all lectures online and weekly quizzes are only on what she previously covered. Super helpful to go to office hours. Blunt but Funny and respected
5.0 : HIGHLY recommend taking Mary! Always struggled with math but Stats was definitely my favorite class this semester. She's very straightforward with grading and easily accessible for assistance, and all of her lectures are posted online immediately after class. She genuinely wants all of her students to pass, and offers opportunities for extra credit
4.0 : Really excellent teacher. She makes it so easy to understand stats. Take notes, so you can refer to them during homework and to make the cheat sheets she allows for tests. Also, you don't need a fancy calculator, a dollar store one will do. Weekly homework, make sure you do it (I set a weekly reminder), and do the study guides for the test.
5.0 : I think Mary is great. Sometimes she can go fast, and the material is challenging; however, that's the material. I think she did an excellent job making material as clear as possible. I wouldn't take a math class with any other professor @SFSU. She is available, holds OH, quickly responds to email, is a kind/caring person, and down to earth. Great!
5.0 : I absolutely love Mary Halloran. The online book screwed me so hard and through all of it she was there to help me. She even allowed me extensions on the homework and activities, and she calmed my worries when I thought I missed a lot because of being sick. Definitely recommend this class/teacher.
5.0 : I absolutely love Mary Halloran. The online book screwed me so hard and through all of it she was there to help me. She even allowed me extensions on the homework and activities, and she calmed my worries when I thought I missed a lot because of being sick. Definitely recommend this class/teacher. Even though I don't like math, she made it easy!
4.5 : Shes awesome and super helpful. People in the class really like her and shes really enthusiastic and full of energy! You have to show up or you will fail. Homework was light and so were the tests so PARTICIPATE and you will get an A
4.0 : quiz every week.
5.0 : One of the best math professors I've had. Explains every step. iclicker for attendance. I think I opened my textbook maybe three times, wasn't really helpful but you need the access code for homework. 2 midterms and a final, gives study guides. If you go to class, pay attention and do all homework to where you understand it you'll get an A.
5.0 : She takes attendance using iclickers. She passes out worksheets like every other week or it depends and she does collect them (has a set day) for 10 points. She gives out study guides for tests and some of the questions in study guide are in the tests (sometimes she just changes the numbers in the questions).
5.0 : Professor Halloran is the first teacher rot make me actually enjoy math.  She understand most people taking this class are doing it for a G.E. so therefore she is as clear as possible and reiterates things throughout the lecture so that its engrained in your mind.  She really know what she is doing and is a phenomenal teacher.
5.0 : She is just so nice and explains everything in detail. A great bonus is that all the math we do is on a calculator so there's really no room for human error unless you type in something wrong. The math was incredibly easy for me and my friends to do also.
4.5 : She's great. Amazing rather. If you need help she's there but if you show up and do the work she makes it pretty hard to fail. She makes amazingly helpful study guides. I'm writing this review before the final only cause I know ppl are registering now and if you need this class take her. If I ever take another math class I would neeeed her!
4.0 : She is really there for you. She's so understandable. Like when she sees that you made a minor mistake in your math problems, she'll understand and not mark it. She made math easy for us because she actually does the problems with us. That's what stand out the most. She actually teaches math! Recommend to form study groups! It really helps!
5.0 : Prof Halloran is amazing! There are only 3 tests and she allows you to use a formula sheet and gives a study guide out before each one. There is online homework once a week and then at the end of the semester she drops your lowest test score and homework. I wouldn't recommend buying the book bc I didn't use it once. Easy A if you pay attention!
4.0 : Mary Halloran is a great teacher. She cares about her students and their learning. She's also quite hilarious. Math is hard and she makes it easy. I would take again.
3.5 : This is a rating from De Anza, shes a great teacher but goes really fast. If this info is all new to you then you may be screwed. Go to her office hours as much as possible. Also, she has REALLY REALLY easy quiz and tests. She wants us all to pass, and never ever gives us the hard stuff. Most tests are done without calulator.
5.0 : Great Professor that knows what she is teaching to the point that I enjoyed STATS.
2.0 : Not so great at using the English language to teach the English language. Could work on his grammar so as to not come across as a hypocrite
5.0 : Dr. Patterson's class is one of the most challenging of all the BECA courses I've taken at SF State.  He's a real tough grader on individual assignments but there's a lot of extra credit to help you overcome any problems.  He's also easy to watch during those long 3 hour lectures if you know what I mean!
2.0 : The most patronizing, rude, unreasonable professor in the GWAR section of beca. He takes this crap way to seriously and grades harshly.  If you do not keep up to the standards of his high expectations of an already  difficult course when it comes to the work he will fail you or tell you to drop the class. Take someone else!!
2.0 : He flat out condescends to students. As far as recording bands go, it's his way or the highway. And his way, honestly, is not good. He's scared of getting phase right, he won't use snare bottom mics or proper spaced pair techniques or any other stereo configurations. He doesn't trust students, and hardly has anything positive to say about anything.
3.0 : Mixed feelings about John, not the best teacher, but a really good audio engineer
3.0 : You better like Nuendo. Refuses to use Pro Tools even though it is the industry standard, total disservice to students.  Knows audio, but he's close-minded. There's more than one way to skin a cat. He's chill, but also condescending. He needs2 retire and enjoy his life. Look into taking classes in the MRI program at SF State instead, much better.
5.0 : She follows her syllabus and everything in this class is straight forward. Come to class, watch the films, and take good notes. It is very interesting to learn how so much can be expressed in a film. If you have any questions ASK HER! She is so sweet and nice. She is one of my favorite professors in the AA S department definitely recommend!
4.0 : There is a final paper, midterm and a final. Lots of movies and short films. Goes through slides quick. Review in class before midterm and final but it doesn't cover the entire exam. Exam consists of film/film lecture, readings, but some stuff on it isn't really covered in class. Questions on test etc are only up to 5-10 but worth 100 pts.
3.5 : She makes you do extra work especially if it's group project. You will have to take EXTRA EXTRA time to deal with what she assigns. Also, prepare to spend $$$ on her assigned projects.. Sometimes the activity that she makes you do has nothing related to the class...
1.5 : We watch films every day. you need to answer her questions to earn points. midterm and final are in class. she doesn't give you the power points, so you have to take good notes.
4.0 : Had her as a freshmen. Movies EVERYDAY! Midterms and Finals based on the finals watched throughout the semester. Two essays I think. She gives a little extra credit. She's so nice. I got 66/100 on midterm and 92 on final and got an A from that class. SHES SO NICE THAT YOU CANT EVEN GET MAD AT HER. I WANTED TO CUZ SHE GAVE ME A D FOR MIDT BUT I CANT
5.0 : Super nice lady, she does teach but she's also open to hearing other opinions and will give you points for speaking up. Two exams and one paper, but overall easy to pass as long as you show up to class and speak up a lot. Would definitely take her again!
4.5 : Easy class, just movies/short films every day and then a group discussion afterwards. Participation and attendance are important, so if you don't show up to class you miss points and then you have to watch/read about the movie you missed at home, because it will be on the midterm and final. Also a 4-5 page paper and she gives extra credit.
5.0 : Professor Soe's lectures are great. Participation matters. You have a short lecture every class and then watch a movie. One big paper. One midterm and a final. Our class was half online because she went to Hong Kong to film her movie. Overall, a very do-able class as long as you show up and take notes.
5.0 : Professor Soe's class was super easy, all you do in that class is watch movies, do lectures and class discussions. She assigns reading due every class, but no one really does it. She requires participation, but if you write on that little index card, your participation points will be okay.
5.0 : Easy A. Midterm is like 6 questions Final is same. 1 final paper. Participation matters. Just talk in class.
4.0 : Professor Soe is super nice and really cares about what she teaches.  The movies she picks to show are extremely boring  for the first 6 weeks.  However, the movies after that are pretty good.  Extra credit given.  1 final paper, 1 midterm, 1 final exam.  No homework or quizzes.  Only reading she expects you to finish before class.
3.0 : Final paper, midterm and a final. Lots of movies and short films. Attendance and participation matters. Weekly readings. Review in class before midterm and final but it doesn't cover the entire exam. Exam consists of film/film lecture, readings, but some stuff on it isn't really covered in class. Goes thru slides REALLY quickly.
5.0 : Professor Soe is very inspirational with her lectures. I learned a lot more about the society and the real world and this class has really opened up my eyes. This class is really chill and also fun and easy and only once a week plus a REALLY GREAT TEACHER. As long as you participate and go to class you will probably do really well.
5.0 : I have taken Heiman for IBUS 681, 620, and 690.  He has been one of my favorite semesters because he teaches so well.  You will use the book.  Expect a lot of reading and do good research on your project.  He goes above and beyond to be available to students who need help.  I wish he taught all my other classes.
3.5 : I took his online class and it's grade was completely dependent on group projects. Yeah getting a group together when you've never actually met them is impossible but luckily there was an option to do a paper instead which he allowed me to take last minute. He's flexible but you have to be on top of things.
4.0 : This online class was decent - short write ups weekly; a lot of reading (skimming) for the online, open-book tests; Interesting but sparse video lectures. The best thing is that he is easy to contact,  very willing to help, and fairly helpful at answering questions.
4.0 : This class is weird, each lecture he makes a different group of students teach the class each week. Participation is 15% of your grade, 1% for each time you sign in. 2 hw assignments due, 2 group projects (very easy) I would go to class and zone out. Easy B if you don't try too hard. Boring class: yes. but easy.
4.0 : There was always one or two weekly assignments due, mostly response papers and the occasional quiz. If you miss an assignment, it's all good. Just remember to do any of the extra credit opportunity he offers. Overall, this was an OK class. Not too difficult if you put a little effort towards your work.
3.0 : Class is just attendance, 2 homework one page essays and two large group projects.  Teacher is nice and amazingly responsive over email but his lectures aren't very stimulating and the assigned reading is intense.  Good text book though and nice guy.  Easy B
5.0 : He is a caring professor, understandably put him in your shoes. I had an issue turning HW late and explained him why. He will let it go and not deduct the point. His class requires lots reading and he encourages you to use something you learned from the class to address with the problems of business world. He is very inspring and want u be the same
5.0 : I took the online course and it was pretty easy. Just make sure you pay attention to due dates and put in some effort on the papers. This is a fairly easy course to pass with an A and the professor is very knowledgable on the material so you'll get a lot out of the class. Beware of very long research paper at the end though!
2.5 : I took his class my freshmen year (2012), found out I didn't even need it for GE. If you are not an auditory learner-DO NOT take the class…he writes close to nothing on the board and just talks at you. I only showed up to class when we had tests and passed but I was bored the whole semester.
5.0 : I love Ruth. She is tough but fair. Wants you to succeed but you have to want that too.  Will make you work hard and doesn't take any bull. Weeds out the useless people quick. Just fantastic. Also very caring, even if she reads as brusque. Loves her work and her students. Favorite professor ever!
4.5 : Great professor! Loves the language and explains things and answers questions thoroughly. She's very kind and understanding. You have to make effort to get a good grade. There's a lot of homework and studying.
2.0 : she was okay but not as great as people on here are saying. also, she wasn't as hard a people are saying. she is very passionate about history, but teaching not as much. she is a bit of a media hound. overall, okay.
4.0 : This was one of my favorite classes. mrs. Shepard somehow made history very engaging and interesting. She is very passionate about history and her lectures are fun. There is a weekly quiz and I think there was a total of 6 essays in her class and 2 midterms plus the final. The essays kicked my ass but I learned a lot in her class.
5.0 : Dr. Wolf is an amazing professor! She is kind, helpful, quirky, and extremely knowledgeable, She was able to approach a difficult subject, like U.S race relation, in such a way to provide a safe and comfortable atmosphere for discussion and learning. She does, however, do weekly reading quizzes and is a bit tough on grading writing assignments.
4.0 : Adorable ball of energy that knows the topic up and down.  Smart as hell and slows down sufficiently so us plebs can understand.  Very fair, she'd make a great umpire.  Helped me with my writing more than all professors prior combined.  She's published, a whiz, and it shows.    YOU WILL NOT CRUISE but history majors need to take her.
5.0 : Confused on one of the lectures and she helped me a LOT.
4.5 : Had no interestexperience with Chem but Prof. Dewitt is awesome. Her lectures are awesome and lab is pretty straightforward. She provides very detailed study guides and you get to have a WHOLE PAGE of notes during the tests! Online HW every Wednesday. Clicker questions everyday, but she drops some days. HIGHLY recommend this class!!!!!
5.0 : I absolutely would take a class with her teaching it again. She made everything clear even though chemistry can be a hard topic to grasp. She is so organized and she makes it seem as if her number one priority is her students. She had 4 tests which were bearable if you really payed attention in class/lab and studied the homework and notes. She was SUPER helpful and very approachable. One of the best teachers I have ever had.
5.0 : Dr. DeWitt was an amazing professor, she was very clear and I found her lectures stimulating. I STRONGLY recommend attending lectures. If you take CHEM115, remember that lecture counts for 75% of the entire grade, so you have to do well on her exams. The exams are straightforward, but could get a little difficult. STUDY. STUDY. STUDY.
4.5 : This class was hard, but it should be, it's a science class. I really liked DeWitt as a professor bc she explained chem in way that made it understandable. You have to put a lot of work in it as well. I would suggest taking her because you'll come out knowledgeable. Attendance is not mandatory but clicker q's are worth 75 pnt. Show up!
3.0 : Final exam is different from midterms! Study all the lectures for the final exam!
4.0 : Her class for me was pretty difficult, but i still ended up with a C even though i failed all the tests, make sure you do all extra credit, hw and clicker questions and you should have no problems passing. GL
4.0 : She is an amazing professor. She works very had on making sure that student will learn and prepared for the next level of chemistry. She extends her office hours for the student who need help. She is very understanding professor and knows that chemistry is not an easy subject. She is approachable and very helpful. you can learn a lot from her.
4.5 : She is great. She explains everything very well and doesn't go through material too quickly. Attend lecture, do the extra credit, and study her study guides. You won't need the book at all. She gave out pretty straightforward tests. I honestly thought I was bad at science, but I came out with an A!
4.5 : One of the nicest professors  deans ever.  She really cares about her students and takes her job seriously.  Professional instructor.  Thumbs up
5.0 : Jane is a good lecturer. Uses iclicker daily.
5.0 : Nicole is by FAR the best teacher I have had in my entire life. I used to hate english with a passion but she has influenced me so much that actually like it now. I cannot thank her enough for teaching me to write and allowing me to be able to succeed as a student. You will learn so much! TAKE HER
3.0 : She is a good teacher because now I properly know how to write a good essay because we spent so much time working on one essay. But if you have a question and she has already told the class once before, she sometimes can be harsh with her words. But if you want to learn, she is a really good teacher. oh &amp; She gives you 3x to miss class only
5.0 : Professor Brodsky is a professor I would recommend for anyone who is willing to take a one day a week class. She gave us all the materials we needed to succeed, but told us it was up to us to use them. Professor Brodsky is truly willing to help students, and she is highly accessible due to office hours.
5.0 : Gives great feedback on essays and assignments and even more when attending office hours. Her lessons are very consistent and easy to keep track of with her workbook. When teaching us, she always indicates that we are never doing "busy work" but work that WILL help us with the following essay. Never wastes time with class time and always fun!
4.5 : easy fun teacher, while you learn a lot
3.0 : There's minimal work in this class. You either get a pop quiz or an online quiz almost each week. This will be based on the lecture or the readings assigned. Great class if you want to learn about the Asian American history. Kinda wish Professor was a little bit more organized though.
2.0 : VERY DISORGANIZED. Every time I came to class I was so lost as to what was happening. The syllabus wasn't followed and the class was pretty behind. He makes you write a research paper for a big chunk of your grade but it is also the only graded written assignment he gives you so you dont know his writing style. Dont recommend wasnt even easy -__-
4.0 : Easy class. He is very generous to those who aren't into speaking up in class. He's all for making the class fun and easy. Take him for easy GE! There were some in-class assignments and a lot of extra credit available. Final and midterm were online! But need the text book to pass the exams.
4.0 : He is very generous to those who aren't into speaking up in class. He's all for making the class fun and easy. Take him for easy GE! There were some in-class assignments and a lot of extra credit available. Final and midterm were online! But need the text book to pass the exams. Super easy class!
5.0 : Great teacher. I had to work hard to get my grade but b/c I wanted to. Some people took advantage of his easy style and would skipped classes, doing the minimum to get that grade. It's too bad that those students did not take advantage of the opportunities he provided to learn. Great teacher, a true sensei.
5.0 : Best professor ever
3.0 : Wesley is super chill and friendly, but he's rarely clear about what he expects from students and spends more time sharing anecdotes and youtube videos than lecturing. Couldn't follow his own schedule on the syllabus. The groupwork was a disorganized joke. Take the class if you want an easy A.
4.0 : Prof Ueunten is a very nice and funny guy although he is pretty disorganized.  I enjoyed a lot in his class because everything is easy, just do the work and you will be fine! He also gives out a lot of extra credit opportunities, so take advantage on that.  No shame, highly recommend!
4.5 : I actually like his class because some of the messages he shares wre quite interesting and were really relatable. He's pretty quirky. I don't understand why half the class dnt shw up because to me, prof was cool. He's very laid back and considerate too. I respect this guy! take him! He offers extra credit which were pretty interactive and fun
3.0 : Wes is a pretty cool guy. The class was okay, never really showed up until the last few weeks of class. He rarely lectures but when he did, the material was very interesting. He is a bit disorganized but overall, he was a cool professor. I would take another of his classes.
5.0 : Professor Ueunten was really nice and friendly. The class was pretty easy, daily write ups which is equal to 2 points each. As long as you show up to class, you will get a good grade. 1 group project (study guide), 3 short essays and Online Midterm and Final based on readings. Offers lots of extra credits. Highly Recommended!
3.5 : Wesley is such a cool professor, he's quirky and a funny guy! He loves to make the class fun by playing music and even singing songs to the class. He is open to so many opinions, even let us help choose what the final would be like. Awesome guy and loves what he' does, he really cares about Asian American history.
4.5 : Knows his stuff, I wish I were a better student but life was happening. I recommend him, not a 8am lecture tho in general avoid 8am lectures lol do the work and its easy. He's very helpful and go to help sessions!!!
4.0 : Dr. Bettinger is an amazing professor.  Very knowledgeable and gives extra time to complete assignments.  Highly recommend. Love this guy
5.0 : Dr. Bettinger is my hero of sociology. He gets our respect as students because he is helpful inside and out of the classroom for academic advising. In Soc 392 he was open to all questions. Also whatever topics we'd bring up in class he would somehow make it relate to his lecture of that day. I recommend this very intelligent and humble professor.
5.0 : this teacher is amazing! if i could take him for all soc requirements i would! he is super easy to understand, does not give  a lot of home work and all his exams are super easy. TAKE THIS PROFESSOR you will not regret it!
3.0 : 392/Seems to lecture from memory, without notes. Most of the time he's fine, but sometimes he forgets where he's going. Essay feedback was good. 393/Unprepared to teach how to use SPSS. Software wouldn't cooperate, statistics textbook was useless. Two students in back gave up &amp; started playing video games on the PCs. He didn't do anything about it.
5.0 : Honestly one of the best professors I've taken here at State. VERY knowledgeable, very clear lectures, and obviously is passionate about his field. Fair grader, a very helpful professor. Highly recommend this class!
5.0 : Terrific professor! Made SOC 392 a joy to take. He puts lecture slides online, lectures according to the classes ability. If you're in a class with high achievers you will get a harder lecture, in a class with boneheads, he adjusts accordingly.
3.5 : This course was challenging due to the degree of creativity Professor Bettinger expects of his students.  It is highly recommended that you read a lot and show up to class.  I thoroughly enjoyed how Dr. Bettinger expected us to read, then critically think and apply our knowledge of the subject matter.
4.5 : Participation is Mandatory in the sense of for your grade, but you miss alot of valuable knowledge if you don't show up. His lectures are most important imho. He is super smart, and will make sure you understand, if you let him know you aren't following. Highly recommend, but be prepared to do work, theres alot to be learned from him.
4.0 : Doc Bettinger is awesome. He really cares about his students, and helps you in whatever assignment that you might be struggling on. Office hours are really  helpfull. A+ for Doc Bettinger.
3.5 : While his lecturing style is not the best, he may surprise you every now and again. For example, he went from clean shaven for the first month and a half, then beardy for a month in a half, then he shaved his entire hair and face, currently growing hair back, and he implied he may be  abrony. Gives very good feedback and class size is small.
5.0 : Mr. Bettinger is an amazing math teacher. He genuinely cared about what he was teaching. There wasn't much homework, but every one we got took some real time and thought. Mr. Bettinger would usually look over our homework answers, see where we're struggling, and emphasis that in the next lecture. Very approachable and funny guy, would recommend.
5.0 : 2 papers, final quiz, and weekly online quizzes. He is a bit a tough grader. The quizzes were tricky sometimes, but other than that, he was AMAZING, I liked his class SO MUCH, and he was so friendly and nice with us. I wish he teaches all the communication classes!!!
5.0 : Bray is super chill! He's such a caring and respectful guy. I loved giving speeches in that class and he's super happy and positive about things. If you're nervous about making speeches, this is definitely a very comfortable positive environment for you.
5.0 : Bill was my favorite teacher this semester and one of the best teachers I've ever had. He makes it a really comfortable environment for public speaking, especially for those who get nervous giving speeches. It's definitely not my strong suit, but after having Bill, I feel a lot more relaxed about giving public speaking.
2.5 : Bill Bray is a great human being.  Really nice person and will take the time to speak with you individually.  He's a tough grader though because you have to be clear and concise in your papers.  If you can say what you mean and put it on paper, you will pass his course.
5.0 : Great class and professor. I would recommend going to class frequently because the notes are important. Easy class.
5.0 : Easy professor. Likes to make his students laugh. Easy class. Three speeches. At home online quizzes open book.
4.5 : Few speeches, like 4. Don't be nervous, and relax. He doesn't grade tough if you include everything he expects, and if you do well on your speech. Few quizzes. On the final exam he canceled class, so there was no final. Idk if that happens frequently. Lectures are interesting, great class. I got better at performing speeches though!
5.0 : Absolutely LOVE Bill! Best professor I've had so far! His class is very straightforward  and easy to get a good grade. 3 speeches, 4 online quizzes and a group final that's only a quiz! TAKE HIM. He's the funniest guy ever! He's so sweet and helpful, he's always there if you have any questions. So glad I got him, he is amazing!
5.0 : He was an amazing teacher! I used to be terrified of public speaking but I got A's on my presentation. He makes it such a comfortable environment for his students. Despite it being a GE I'm so glad I took this. He is the best.
5.0 : Great professor and really knew a lot about the subject. His notes in lecture are key. He would allow you to argue your point/view if you got a question wrong which I really appreciate You could tell he struggled a lot over the semester due to his own health and converting this into a lower division 3 unit class from an upper division 4.
5.0 : Bray is by far one of the best professors Ive had at SFSU, super passionate, lectures are interesting. He is clear in what he expects from us and he keeps the topic interesting . Just overall a very awesome guy and he always takes the time to listen to what his students have to say.
1.5 : I had him for Calculus 3 It was all theoretically taught. He basically taught a math class with no numbers all variables. Nobody in the class understood what was going on
5.0 : The best math teacher I've had. He was close to perfect. The class was difficult and required a lot of work, but grading was fair. Expect to put around 20 hours into the class a week if you want to receive a good grade. Most physics and math majors liked the class, but opinions were mixed among engineers.
4.5 : GOD BLESS YOU.
4.0 : Dr. Hayashi is one of the best math professors at SFSU. He is always willing to help during office hours. His homeworks have to be typed. He lets you rewrite the hw for full credit, which really helped. His tests, had two parts: #1 closed book for definitions, #2 open book for proofs. I really enjoyed his class. And would recommend him. :)
5.0 : Prof. Martel is clearly a relic from a far superior time in higher education. If every class and every university requirement were structured like how Dr. Martel structures his course, college would actually be so much more satisfying and students would actually learn things rather than just jumping through administrative hoops. Top-tier education!
5.0 : Quite possibly my favorite professor at state. He is helpful and fun. He never makes anyone feel bad about what they have to say. He is great at explaining things in a fun and interactive way. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Prof. Martel is in a category of his own. He takes complicated issues and helps you to understand them through a Socratic Method using patience and skill. He was born to teach. It shows in his compassion for students and his compassion for Political Theory. One of the best professors I have ever had, if not the best. You will read &amp; write&amp; learn!
5.0 : Basically I agree with what everyone here has said. Dr. Martel is brilliant, hilarious, smoking hot, very approachable, super nice, a great instructor, and cannot seem to dress himself. :)
4.0 : Professor Martel gets right down to business and is pretty clear on what he wants you to do throughout the semester. The class focuses on reading the assigned books, which should be pretty easy if you like the subject overall. I love his flexibility with the class. He really gives room for students to express themselves on both paper and in class
5.0 : His was a relatively easy class, Prof. Martel requires students to write two papers (6-8 pages each; you can probably go a little more) based strictly on the readings he assigns. If you had a hard time understanding the texts, Prof. Martel will be able to clarify the readings during lectures. Very approachable and open to questions.
5.0 : One of my all-time favorite professors.
3.5 : He pushes extreme feminism and lashes out at people who believe in equality. We all learned the rules of what we are allowed to say and what we are not. Its scary to be in the class and to know that he might hurt your grade if he doesnt like what you write in your papers. I didnt know a Lit professor could be so against a free exchange of ideas.
3.0 : CONS: Often dismisses student input if it doesn't match is own. Lectures are sometimes tedious.  Essay prompts are vague.  Group work required.  PROS: Rarely takes attendance.  Easy grader.  Promotes exploring subject outside of class.  OVERALL: Lectures can be a bore, but general an okay teacher.
4.5 : Bill Christmas is a great professor. He's knowledgeable about Austen, and it definitely shows. This is a professor who is not easy, but is there to ensure that students succeed with the material. His lectures are fun and engaging and portrays Austen's work in a contemporary light that makes it far more interesting to read. Highly recommended.
2.0 : If you want to listen to someone tell you what they think, take Prof Xmas. I don't shy away from hard classes but this one was hard for no good reason. The novels we read were beyond boring, and lectures are dreadful and long, not a lot of discussion either. He focused on minuscule details instead of overall themes and was arrogant. Don't do it
5.0 : Professor Christmas is easily one of the best professors at State. He's extremely knowledgeable (brilliant really) on the subject of literature in general, and his lectures are truly inspiring. "Pop-quizzes" almost weekly, but you can deduce when they are coming based on the readings. I hope to one day be as knowledgeable, and brilliant as Xmas.
5.0 : Prof Xmas is not only nice but really wants everyone to learn/succeed in his class and will make time to help you achieve it. Open to various opinions so don't be afraid to talk. Doesn't take attendance but the lectures go over the key points he wants you to take from the reading. He is a tough grader but his feedback is essential to making an A.
5.0 : Dr Zieff was one of my best instructors at SFSU.
5.0 : Pay attention, take notes, do the readings, and for heaven's sake... make sure you really understand them and talk to her about them, because her exams are essay format and hard. They will test your comprehensive understanding of everything covered up to that point. Get on the research paper asap and see her often, she's very, very helpful.
4.0 : About a journal article a week to read... Two exams and one big final project. The final project isn't bad either since you will turn in things that will supplement it (basically she's keeping you on track). For some reason she made a 3 hour class bearable. TEAM ZIEFF :D
5.0 : Engaging lectures, one of the departments best. Take notes, participate, and ask questions! She's a gem.
1.5 : It's a once a week class so go. She assigns reading and goes over them in class but won't tell you when. She doesn't really tell you what your grade is. Shes really nice though and will respect any answer you give in class. Participate. 2 tests which are from the reading so read. Readings are PDF files
5.0 : Very passionate teacher that cares deeply about the subject she teaches, which is a very sensitive topic to discuss. Her lectures will inspire you and her class should be widely taught throughout this country. You are very fortunate to come across this womyn. Take this class!
4.0 : Amazing teacher, she gets emotional now and then. There is a lot of reading, and there is weekly reading responses. The readings are really interesting, and some times very emotional. Over all, she is such an amazing teacher! If you are a sociology major take her for electives.
5.0 : The class is interesting and revolves around gathering perspective on different social/societal points-of-view; professor Hossfeld teaches about a variety of social issues plaguing our country, and how we can become aware of them.  There are many interesting topics, and professor Hossfeld executes their exposition with a masterful teaching style
4.0 : Professor Hossfeld is wonderful and inspirational. She is very passionate about Sociology. You will learn a lot in her class and receive a lot of help from her when it's needed.  She gives a lot of feedback in assignments but it helps to improve.
4.5 : I loved Mrs. Duke, she is a sweet heart and always makes sure the class understands before she continues with lecture. If you study you will pass. I was always scared that this class would be a killer, but it wasn't. If you want to understand the material better you definitely should rewrite your notes you took in class.
4.0 : The class itself is hard, but she guides you through it. Her notes are really messy, but she is a very nice professor. The class consists of several homework assignments based off the CPA exam, 3 exams, and a memo. She does not teach off of powerpoint slides, so be prepared to take good notes and possibly rewrite your notes.
5.0 : Franz's lectures are crystal clear. He makes accounting enjoyable too. The thing is, and he warns, that because it seems so clear when he is there to guide us, that we need to actually practice on our own. Aside from the first exam, you really need to the homework. It isn't mandatory, but highly highly suggested.
5.0 : Kwok is a great teacher, light workload, interesting lectures, and very kind to boot! He provides students with test questions before the test, which made tests a breeze! His lectures provide important info relevant to tests. A few simple written assignments, lots of short readings. Highly recommend anyone enrolling in his class, easy &amp; interesting
4.0 : I took Kwok for my senior seminar. I lucked out. I heard that other senior seminar teachers assign A LOT of work. In his class we read a few critical essays. Our final project is a 12 page introduction to an anthology. We picked 15 poems and songs and wrote an intro as if it were a real anthology. That and one paper are the only assignments.
3.5 : At first I was kind of bored in his class, but suddenly I began to find it fascinating!! It's hard to get used to the way he teaches for the first few days, but he's frickin' brilliant! One of my favorite classes I've ever taken here.
5.0 : Wow. I just transferred to SFSU this semester and he is one of the first teachers I've had here. Just amazing. He knows something we have not learned about life yet and if you take his class you'll see what I mean. He guides class discussions in a way unlike anybody else. If you're an English major or minor TAKE A GOSH DARN CLASS WITH THIS MAN.
4.0 : Kwok was very nice and calm. Perfect for a morning class. Work load wasn't too heavy, there were more readings than anything and even then they were short! There weren't too many graded assignments, just 3 four page essays and a simple presentation. I enjoyed his class and I would take him again. He was very chill and showed some leniency.
4.5 : Debbie loves to help you and focuses on trying to make you a better writer. She's a tough grader but you can at least manage a B on every essay. You can resubmit essays and we didn't take a single test. You have a book groups though. I wouldn't recommend her just for the reason that youd don't ever know your grade until the end. DONT SKIP CLASS.
4.0 : Miller was a fantastic first English teacher. She didn't always do things I liked, but I could respect her opinions. She is an extremely tough grader, but if you put in a lot of time you can do well. She is willing to work with you and can give good feedback. I would recommend her to any student who struggles with or loves English.
4.0 : Ms. Miller was amazing to have for my first year at State. She cares very much about English and is open to helming improve your work in any way possible. During class and when you write papers, she connects relatable topics to our everyday lives so that we students understand. Definitely would recommend her to anyone. Just prepare to be worked
5.0 : Honestly one of the best teachers i've ever had. She introduced me to so many different writing styles and helped with each step of the drafting process. Wish i had time in my schedule this semester to take her ENG214 class. JUST MAKE SURE YOU DO THE HOMEWORK OR YOU WILL FALL BEHIND. Pro-tip: Read the books BEFORE starting the semester.
1.0 : This professor does not have a well planned course. Each class is played by ear and often ended up resulting in wasted time and busy-work assignments. Each paper written in class had an unnecessary amount of drafts that were time consuming and not needed.
2.5 : I would never recommend her to anyone worst professor I've ever had she has no care for her students and will make you feel as if everything you do is wrong. I have always been pretty good English student but with her she made me question how I even passed the last 10 years of English classes.
3.0 : She has a kind heart, however she doesn't play about English. She's such a tough grader and gives tons of homework back to back. If you can deal with a lot of worthless criticism and numerous amounts of homework  then I say go for it! Good luck
5.0 : I had a great experience in Professor Miller's 114 and 214 classes. Debbie is super approachable, nice but I also learned alot. I never felt there was too much homework and she offers alot of help with the papers. I didn't put in too much effort but got A's. Attendance is mandatory but i didn't dread going and she is so nice.
2.0 : She is very passionate in the subject she teaches, however she is an extremely tough grader. She gives good feedback and is there for anyone who needs help. But is very closed minded in the essays she expects to get. Attendance is mandatory.
2.5 : Had about 4 essays. It was easy at first but gets more challenging. If you struggle with english, this is a good class because she lets you revise and the grading will give you a B if you do everything. She's awesome but the class would be better if people actually spoke up and participated.
3.0 : Very tough grader, almost impossible to get an A on your papers. However she is very passionate about her subject and gives good feedbacks on your work, take her if you want to improve your writing skill.
3.5 : She made everyone in my class go to her office hours so she could speak with us personally. Tough grader, but she offers to revise the first two essays. Towards the end of the semester, she kicked more than half the class out for not doing their homework.. Don't set off her temper!
5.0 : She is a very good professor that gives feedback on every essay and is always there for help. If you go to office hours so she could revise your essay it helps a lot.
3.0 : She was a little unorganized , she had some pretty interesting topics but nobody really participated in class which made the class boring. Do the reading. They are long but helpful. Her test are pretty easy.
4.0 : Professor Carillo is very organized and diligent with her class. The readings she assigns are talked about every class,  so it helps if you do the readings and come to class with questions about the topic. Do the midterm study guide while you go along the semester, so you do not have to do it all at once when the midterm rolls around.
5.0 : Loved Matthew and his classes. I will miss him! He was a kind and compassionate teacher, a good listener, and really encouraged me when I was doubting my writing. The reading list and essays helped me discover my voice. I've taken 4 classes with Matthew. He has been so helpful to so many of my classmates!
5.0 : Matthew spends the entire first class going over the syllabus, line by line, word by word, and interrupts often to elaborate and go on some sort of whimsical tangent . That said, every word of the syllabus is what is expected, every tangent holds a lesson, and this man is absolutely BRILLIANT in the subjects he teaches.
5.0 : He encourages us to find and state the themestopics we care about  most, and write fiction that matters. He is not bashful about stating his own themes, and assigns published stories that lean toward what some call "marginalized" POVs. I was as liberated as I was challenged by the class and the discussions, which are STUDENT led, so come prepared.
4.0 : He's tough and serious, which I respect. Often in creative writing classes you can blow off the assignments since it's a creative subject, but he makes you really read and think about your and your peers' writing.  Take him if you're serious about writing.
4.5 : Davison's classes are very similar to giving birth. It is the most work you will ever do and it is the most pain you will ever endure, but after you are done with the pain, you will be in love with what you have created and will want to immediately have another one.
3.5 : Matthew is knowledgeable, in what he teaches. He expects participation and assigns a lot of reading. He is fair and will work with anyone who is trying. He gives a pop quiz every class, always gives homework, but you will learn an incredible amount. He is specific in what he wants and you will learn to be specific. He is a great instructor.
4.5 : During lectures, she talks a lot about her funny experiences and relates them to topics. The project is a lot of work, but other than that the exams aren't too much. They require some thinking so read the book and understand the concepts. The class was okay so take it if you need a mktg elective. It helps if you work in the services industry too.
5.0 : Judi is a great professor who provides excellent examples to her lectures. I was intimidated of her class at first, but she's really one of the best marketing professors who actually teaches you. There are 4 exams and 3 "group projects" (1 big group project split into 3 parts). Studying the book/her PPTs for the exams is necessary for a good grade.
5.0 : took her for the summer session. she is a nice woman and is very passionate about her work. i cant really give a rating for the full semesters, but during the summer session she was pretty easy and straight forward. three exams and one problem set due. she really explained the work well and overall the course was easy. highly recommend
5.0 : So far, my fav prof at SFSU. She's a tough cookie &amp; very opinionated but super smart. Grades everything really fast. Very clear directions. Assignments are relevant. Weekly readings &amp; short essay hw assignments. Go to class everyday, do the readings, hw, &amp; study for midterm &amp;  final, you'll definitely get an A. Lectures are long but interesting.
4.5 : LOVE CHU! Took her for Design and Society and absolutely loved this class. Lectures are very interesting, you can tell she knows her stuff. Attendance is essential to pass her class. Expect homework, but its all based from her lectures. So easy and interesting GE, highly recommend!
5.0 : Amazing teacher of design thinking.
5.0 : I had her for a couple classes. History of design and design process. She was two different people in each class. She was really into the design process class, and was disappointed when we weren't as enthusiastic. In retrospect as a working designer, her career and classes were inspiring. She's great.
5.0 : Professor Chu has the best lectures for History of Design, she makes it so interesting. I have never enjoyed any type of history class before taking her class. 1 HW assignment per week that are like 5 pages of reading and writing a few paragraphs, 2 tests, and 2 projects. Learned a lot of cool stuff in this class.
5.0 : Incredibly helpful and resourceful for any and all questions regarding the School of Design. Really wants to see incoming students succeed and shapes her 356 to help students grow in writing and history knowledge. Would highly recommend scheduling an advising appointment with her as soon as possible since her slots fill up incredibly fast.
5.0 : Interesting long lectures. She knows what shes talking about! Shes nice, passionate, funny and one of the best professor I have ever taken at SFstate! Shes cares. Grades on time. Very organized.. Had to purchase one book, weekly reading and writeups online, - not too bad! I learned a lot from her even tho she grades harder.
3.0 : Dane is a really cool, funny guy. The reading assignments you MUST do in order to participate in class and you must take notes on whatever we talk about during lecture because it WILL be on the test. Usually you have to read over the text more than once to understand it all. 3 regular tests, 1 final, which is the same format as the regular tests.
3.5 : Dane Johnson is a cool guy and he puts a lot of effort into his class. The readings are generally  interesting, I never found myself bored reading them. He mainly gives short stories and poems so if a few pages of reading is a big deal to you then do not take his class. His lectures are inspirational and if you work for it you'll get an A.
5.0 : Prof Johnson expects a lot out of his students, he pushes you to be thoughtful, dedicated, and to READ A TON.  But it's worth it.  You will come out of that class better educated for the effort.  A good experience and a class you will be proud of passing!
4.0 : Dane is a smart guy. You have to read a lot to pass his class, participation and attendance mandatory. Can come off as condescending at times but it's a lack of proper tactic in discussion rather than him belittling students (he can talk over you and sometimes can make you feel really stupid if you aren't articulate). Very helpful one on one.
4.5 : Oh boy. I've taken 4 classes with Dr. J. He is super smart, very organized, and really genuinely loves teaching. He will send you about 1 email per day with assignments and info. It gets kind of overwhelming as he really expects a lot out of students. Take a class with him. It's worth it.
5.0 : A worthwhile professor that is passionate about what he teaches. While reading all the material is essential for tests (only four!), in-class discussions are just as important (attendance is crucial) because he brings in new perspectives + an in-depth analysis for every assigned reading. Interesting lectures &amp; willing to work with students.
5.0 : Dr. J is funny &amp; passionate! Very willing to help, reliable/flexible office hours, WANTS to talk to you. He sent emails telling exactly what to do before EVERY class. READ, attend, do hw (pretty easy, think about reading &amp; answer question(s)--few sentences max, usually not even turned in, just discussed) &amp; 4 exams. He convinced me to add CWL minor.
4.5 : Dr. J is awesome. really smart guy (gunna need a big vocab if you want to understand everything he says) and super nice. knows how to teach a small discussion based class really well. be prepared to talk and read a lot! but honestly you'll want to, he creates a very helpful environment
3.5 : Reading for homework every night and a prompt to email or hand-in usually. Diligent notes will help immensely on his tests (only 4 tests), which aren't too difficult as long as you read and pay attention in class. It's really hard if you don't bother showing up. I really enjoyed this class, especially his passion about the subject! And no final! :)
5.0 : Professor Johnson was an excellent lecturer, and he really knows how to get a lot out of his students. He inspired me to become a Comp/World Lit major. I'm not promising you'll love the material and class as much as I did, but I'd very much doubt you will come out of this class without being inspired at least once. Would recommend to anyone
5.0 : He is super nice professor. Very Knowledgable. Class was very well organized; I looked forward to every class.
4.0 : Very good teacher. Very funny and will always try to help you out. I learned a lot from the class. I usually don't enjoy my GE classes so this was a nice change. Would definitely recommend. May call on you in class but only if he has your answer already and just wants you to explain it. No presentations and barely any group work.
5.0 : She is very sweet, a rather quiet lady. This was an easy course if you've taken child-related classes before. Attendance isn't mandatory, but she gives out extra credit to those who stay. LOTS OF READING, not all material s covered in the exam, so sometimes the reading is frustrating since there's little purpose to read, except for exams
3.5 : quizzes taken at the beginning of class; one midterm and final and a group presentation on any topic of disabilities. class notes are important since it will appear on exams. i suggest to not but the book because we never use it.
4.5 : Professor Hanna's online class was so much fun! It was also easy and I learned a lot. She's very helpful and responds to emails quick. I would totally take her class all over again!
3.5 : Wendell is passionate about music for children. She will make you get outside your comfort zone, participate and attendance are a must! Take notes, no quizzes just one BIG final at the end. EASY grader &amp; EASY in class assignments. Not timely feedback, that's ok. Do all the work, go to class, and you will do just fine! DO NOT buy text will NOT use!
4.0 : She a tough grader but she provides a lot of feedback and allows you to revise whichever paper you'd like. As long as you do all the classwork, show up everyday, and get passing grades on your papers, you'll get an A or B. Overall a great professor.
2.0 : Coopman is nice, but she's a pretty tough grader. Don't expect to get any extra points for good grammar or sentence structure because all she cares about is if your essays are focused and match the thesis. Pretty frustrating. The paper topics we had were fast food, social networks, college challenges, and something SF related.
4.5 : If you intend on growing as a writer, take Coopman. She at first may seem like a toughgrader, however, it's only to improve your writing skills! She's really big about nicely, formulated papers -- so expect to write. Attendance is mandatory because she has small in-class work often. If I recall correctly, 4 Papers, 1 Research Presentation. Take'her
4.5 : Mrs. Coopman is a great teacher, but she treats this class as if it were a high school English class. There is a constant flow of assignments every week, and it is easy to feel like you are far behind even if you miss one class. Attendance is mandatory for her class. Overall she is a great teacher.
4.5 : Long and tedious class that has a heavy workload. Be sure to keep up or the course will swallow you. A lot of writing  with two 7 page essays, a group presentation, and efolio. Coopman is a nice lady who is always there to help and give feedback. She is a tough grader but is pretty relaxed and will even accept some late work. Would take again.
3.5 : Karen is very friendly and genuinely cares about us and wants us to pass. She is also very helpful when it comes to doing research for papers and gives clear helpful feed back on papers, she will help you improve your writing skills.
4.0 : A lot of homework but most of it is pretty manageable and not too difficult. She makes you do a LOT of drafts for your essays which can really wear you down after awhile, especially since they're due almost back-to-back. I wouldn't recommend taking her class if you can avoid it but it's not too difficult.
4.0 : Karen is obviously passionate about education and her background is in literature so she expects your essays to be undergraduate level. This was my GWAR class and we had 25 papers and one group presentation. She will grade your paper and give you until the end of the semester to revise them for a better grade.
2.5 : class was once/week, super long and tedious. writing assignments each week. 1 group project, 1 7pg paper, efolio. feedback wasn't timely, always took forever and usually given all at once and expected to revise, all due at the same time. keep up with the assignments or you'll fall behind. must complete all assignments to pass the class.
5.0 : Karen is an excellent senior seminar professor! She's very helpful in breaking down your senior paper and clear on what you need to develop more. Group work in class is all about helping each other and not about getting graded on working with others. She's always available for questions!
5.0 : I was terrified of taking this class when I read the reviews, but this class turned out pretty easy. The workload is manageable. If you're not already a moderate to excellent writer, you may struggle in this class. I would not recommend Karen as a first option English 114 teacher, but if you have no other choice, go for it.
5.0 : I found her to be amazing. She really cared for you to get an A and if you attend her office hours she will always try her best to give you the best feedback possible. She answers emails promptly and she is really easy to talk to.
4.0 : She really is a helpful teacher, but you have to work for your grade. A lot of busy-work homework that I didn't find the most helpful. There were 4-5 essays and you had the chance to re-do all of them. Not an easy A but you learn a lot about writing. If you skip more than 6 classes you automatically fail so attendance is mandatory
1.0 : dislike
4.0 : She's a fairly easy professor, yet many of her lesson plans are unorganized. Many of her lessons are review of basic grammar or essay structure. She is really nice and gives great feedback for her students to improve their writing. Fun class overall when taken with less than 30 students
3.0 : Tons of homework, expected to do readings and annotations, tough grader on essays but expects you to be a great writer. Her class teaches you a lot and helps you become a top notch writer but its no easy A. Fair share of group work. Most of the time is spent working on our essays through gathering articles and citations. Attendance mandatory.
5.0 : I really enjoyed Prof. Coopman's class. Be prepared to write lots of essays though. In addition, missing class will affect your grade so don't miss them. On the bright side, she's very passionate about her work and will work extensively with her students.
5.0 : I really enjoyed Professor Coopmans class. While it wasn't an easy A, my writing improved a great deal. Attendance is huge for her class so make sure you go. As long as you do your homework, attend classes, and get passing grades on your essays you'll be fine. She also offers essay revising for a chance at a better grade.
3.5 : Lot's of busy work and weekly assignments. 7 pg group project. Does care about the students and wants them to do well. Willing to meet with you, but does not give feedback and assignments back promptly.
4.5 : She has a very homely feel to her, cares for your grade, offers oral feedback which helped with papers. Knows how to construct a great paper and was very helpful for freshman year to prepare for next year. Don't be late to class, because she'll check your work last that day or just won't bother. Respect her, she'll respect you. Loved her as a prof.
4.0 : She is a tough grader, it's hard to get an A on a paper. Super helpful if you need it. She likes when students make appointments with her so you can work on your papers to make them better. Every essay follows the same coursework with it. Be ready to write!
5.0 : An excellent class to learn about interdisciplinary studies.
5.0 : I loved Mrs. Holzman, she's very passionate and uses dif. types of media for her lessons. You have to study and take notes but if you read over her lectures and listen during class and do the assignments (she doesn't assign much) it's not hard to get an A. I'd definitely recommend taking her class, she tries to make it fun as much as she can.
4.5 : She is very understanding and relates scientific concepts to funny situations/makes it easy for students to understand. Incredibly knowledgeable. Offers extra credit opportunities. A lot of material covered but the study guide is basically reflective of the test.
5.0 : This is one of my favorite teachers! She makes class fun and relate-able.  The class was pretty easy for me because I love environmental science and I am passionate about it, but if your not super into science it might be harder.  Her class gave me so many resources and insights that I will forever appreciate
3.0 : She is a good professor, however, if you're not into science... you'll be bored to death. She rambles on and on and is super hard to listen to. Her labs are run by grad students who barely know what they're doing. I hated this class.
4.0 : TAKE HER CLASS
4.5 : Strang is an amazing English professor. He assures that you progress as a writer over the course of the semester. There's about 4-5 papers that each build upon each other, in terms of complexity. Take time on your research paper and manage  time appropriately! His paper feedback is first intimidating, but If you intend to learn, you must take him!
4.5 : Mr. Strang is a tough grader but he is always there if you need any help. I learned a lot from his class. His lectures are pretty clear. Do not miss class. Class discussions helped a lot too. Really appreciated to have that face to face discussion when essay did go well.
5.0 : Trust me when I say I hated English classes before I attended this class. Brian is so inspirational and very hands on. He definitely helped me improve my writing by providing challenging activities and amazing feed back. Highly recommended!!!
4.5 : Brian has turned me into a MUCH better reader. He grades tough but he is still very fair. His workbook is super helpful as well and uses it for everything. It was my go-to whenever writing essays. Overall, he is a very down to earth guy and genuinely cares for his students.
5.0 : Prof. Strang is by far one of the best teachers out there that actually delivers the material very well. In his class you will learn how to write good solid essays and improve your overall writing. His class is challenging and he grades hard, so you will have to dedicate yourself because this is not one of those easy GE classes.
5.0 : Brian is a great teacher and if you stick with his class and put a good amount of effort into it, you will become a great writer. He has a heavy homework load, especially towards the beginning of the year, which causes people to consider dropping, but most of it is extremely interesting. He makes you work for the grade, but in the end its worth it.
4.0 : Brain was super helpful and really made me a better writer. Although he is a tough  grader he is very fair and his grading system is setup so you hopefully won't fail the class . The things he teachers in the workbook are really useful and he gives good feedback on all papers.
4.5 : Best english professor i ever had, i failed 214 with some other professor, she wasn't great. Strang was completely different! I actually learned! Interesting topic too!
2.0 : For me, writing is a very personal, student and professor exclusive, subject. And when you're given highly controversial topics for essays, then asked to read your opinion out loud in front of a group of arguably the most hypersensitive people ever, things can get not-so-personal. If you value your privacy, don't take this course.
4.0 : If your writing skills are not that great and you dislike papers, prepare to suffer. This was the most stressful class I have ever taken. Nonetheless, Brian is an exceptional teacher and improvement is pretty much guaranteed.
3.0 : Tough grader and has really high expectations. Even if you do ask for help, he may not be that helpful.
5.0 : Professor Strang is really cool. My writing has improved  immensely. There are about 5 essays and one final research paper. With each essay assignment there are articles that you are to read, then there is a class discussion. He really pushes you to think  critically. You will have to work hard; however, it is worth it.
4.5 : Brian Strang, hands down, great teacher. I loved his class, it is very different from your typical English class, also cool guy. Overall, his class is not super bad. If you are not a decent writer, it will be pretty tough. Try to lead class discussions and be direct and thorough with your writing. The writing model PIE is used constantly in class.
5.0 : Professor Strang is a phenomenal professor. I took his Eng. 114&amp;214 courses and got A's in both. My writing has developed so much. He has a great personality and really trys to connect with students. This is not an "easy A" class, but your writing will improve tremendously. Highly recommend you take Strang, you wont regret it.
5.0 : The reason this teacher is hard is because he bases an essay's grade on the lowest grade of the following 4 categories: organization, development, mechanics, and syntax. And if anyone's writing is rated below a C on those 4 categories, he or she receives no credit. As harsh as this may sound, it is actually very helpful to those who want to improve
5.0 : Brian is such a cool professor and he really does care about what you think and how you are. His class consists of 5 essays and some small homework throughout the semester. It is tough to get an A but he has extra credit if you go to class and you can do well if you spend time on the essays. Would take his class again, learned a lot.
4.0 : Start on your research paper early!! DIFFICULT CLASS but amazing teacher. Not the easiest A and all the work seems intimidating at first but if u use class time wisely you'll be fine. I hated writing essays in high school because I never got passing grades, but class discussions and his articles are a big help.
4.5 : I definitely recommend this teacher if you're looking to improve your writing skills. I definitely feel confident in my writing after taking his class. He provides the class with a workbook so you don't need to purchase some expensive textbook. Awesome!
5.0 : Professor Strang is great, he is an excellent teacher and truly wants his students to learn. His class is not easy, he'll really make you work hard for a good grade. If you want an easy A, take this class with someone else. If you want to learn how to write well, take it with Strang.
5.0 : Professor Strang is a terrific professor, if you have the chance take one of his classes.  There are a lot of essays but in class is mostly discussions. Start the research paper early!
4.5 : Really great teacher. Not a course you want to take for an easy A, but definitely worth it if you want to drastically improve your writing. He offers clear, productive feedback and respects his students as equals.
5.0 : He's a good teacher, and the material isnt super difficult. Five essays total, one being a larger research project. Lets you make up for absences by telling jokes. He's really helpful if you put the time into it and tries to cater the class to what helps students improve their writing the most.
5.0 : Prof Brian is an extremely resourceful teacher! He cares about his students and is passionate about what he teaches. He holds open student discussions before we turn in our papers for extra help. He is always available and accessible to students. Overall, really cool guy! I learned so much in his class and I definitely became a better writer!
5.0 : I can honestly say my writing will never be the same after taking Brian, (yes we're on a first name basis, its amazing.) just kidding he introduces himself as Brian and you know right away how laid back he is. You will never get as helpful writing tips from any other teacher. If you want to improve your writing, definitely take Brian!
5.0 : Before, writing even a 2 page essay was difficult. after taking this course, i have enough confidence in myself as a writer to come up with ideas that i would not have thought of before! Brian would always come around to check up on our progress and his methods of planning ahead for an essay helped become well prepared for an essay.
4.5 : Tough grader , although your writing will improve.
4.0 : Strang is a very understanding and down to earth teacher. I improved my writing a lot in this class. There are 5 papers but they go quick. Definitely recommend him!
4.0 : Brian is a really good teacher if you want to improve your writing skills. He will make you work for a good grade!
4.5 : Really hard grader, papers take actual effort and he can tell when you didn't spend enough time on the assignment. However, he will definitely improve your writing and set you ahead of students leaving other 114 classes. Glad I had this teacher.
5.0 : Mr. Strang is an amazing professor! Has a great personality and treats each one of his students like adults. Class consists of 5-6 papers including the cumulative research paper. Rarely gives out homework and never gives out any quizzes! Must put effort into the class, as he knows when you are half-fasting things. Would recommend Strang to anyone!
5.0 : I really enjoyed his class, his grading is interesting but fair. You will have 5 big papers in the class. He has a great sense of humor and knows what he is talking about. There are no textbooks and you will have to actually try on his essays. Overall, if I had to take this class again, I would take it with Brian Strang.
5.0 : I loved this class.  Dr. Lunine is by far the best professor I have had.  He is brilliant, passionate about the subject and I listened to his every word.  Every student should take a class from him. He is what teaching is all about.
5.0 : you can be very sleepy first few days of class if you don't have much interest in politics and religion. I don't know how he does it but prof Lunine finds a way of getting you interested in the material and before you know it YOU ARE DISCUSSING POLITICS AND RELIGION AND PHILOSOPHY! nothing but love for prof Lunine. I also love the essay style exams
4.5 : Prof. Lunine personifies what being a Teacher is All about. He uses the Socratic method in his teaching, asking questions upon questions that really make you think about the subject matter and end up w/an in-depth learning experience not only about the ostensible subject but also about yourself as a human being. That's why they call it "Humanities"
5.0 : Inspiring teacher. Cracked me up everyday. Loved this class, recommend to everyone looking to broaden their horizons a bit.
5.0 : Taking a course with Dr. Lunine is an absolute privilege and SFSU is lucky to have him as a faculty member. You will learn, even if you're just taking the class for units, you will learn. Lunine values his students and he will challenge you to be the best student you can be. So if you take him, go to class, be present, learn. You won't regret it.
4.5 : Lunine is an awesome guy, lives in berkeley and totally gives off the vibe. Has a great sense of humor.  This class pretty much only has a midterm in class essay and same for final.  He is very entertaining but the class certainly can drag on at times, he'll offer to get a coffee with you happily.  Go for it hes great conversation.
2.5 : I took this as a segment three class and it wasn't easy. He is a great professor and interesting but you have to get really into the topics to get a good grade. In lectures he sometimes runs off the actual information needed. It's not a typical lecture class. He is really into putting your opinion of what's being read. The grade is over 3 essays.
5.0 : Absolutely one of the best professors I've had.  He's fascinating, funny, insightful, and teaches a very interesting class.  You have to be willing to do the reading, and understand it.  The books are inexpensive, and widely available.
5.0 : She's one of the nicest teachers i've ever had, but I found her class very boring. The good news is the class is pretty easy. 60% of grade consists of two papers, 20% for attendance, and 20% for quizzes. She's very helpful and will clarify anything that you dont understand. The course revolved around the readings, lectures, and a few films.
5.0 : While she's not difficult there is a lot of reading of the textbooks. I learned a lot from the videos, readings and lectures. we had 3 essays. not too hard and easy to learn.
5.0 : Its a really interesting class. Grades are based of 3 papers and minor attendance. There's no quizzes or test. She really knows her material and want you to learn. She is a really nice professor.  You have about two weeks or so from when you are given the prompt to when you have to turn in the papers btw.
5.0 : Class consists of 3 papers throughout the semester. It was a really nice &amp; stress-free class to be in. Until you had to do the papers of course.
5.0 : An excellent teacher and a human being. Annabel is caring, compassionate, and encourages you to get out in the real world and make a difference in the lives of seniors. Take this class - you will love it!
4.0 : He's really nice. Straightforward class. 2 debates, super easy. He sets you up and teaches you all about debating/evidence. Tests are super easy and he's really laid back.
5.0 : love the class
5.0 : Taking a class from someone who has done it outside academics is very refreshing.  This is definitely one of those classes where you learn the real stuff that will make your smarter &amp; more useful.  Not a class that you can just cruise though ... put in the time, you will learn a lot.
5.0 : I took this class a few years ago.  I am finding the materials to be very helpful even today.  Really glad that I dug in to learn the materials.  Lectures are great.  Assignments are tough but that's the only way to learn this materials.  The professor was very responsive and always ready to help.
5.0 : Very useful and practical.  Feels that I am now ready to go to the workforce.
5.0 : Worthwhile class but make sure that you attend class.  Exams are fair but definitely need studying.
5.0 : This was the most useful class I took back in SF State.  My career today is going well because I took this class and worked hard on this class.  The instructor was very inspirational, and made the subject fun to learn.  It changed my life for the better.    Highly recommend SF State to teach this class again.  You should take it!
5.0 : One of the gems of the university.  Best technical class that I have taken here.  Totally worth the work and time.  If I have to take another class, will totally take from Professor Mui again.  Thank you!
5.0 : One of the best class &amp; professor ever.  Lots of practical stuff that I am using right at the job now.  Really glad taking this class back in SFSU.
5.0 : Took this class many years ago: really great introduction to information systems.  This is one of the reasons why SF state is so good.
5.0 : I enjoyed the class and learned a lot.  I feel that the things will be important for my career.  Really appreciate the professional nature of the class.  The other students are also very engaged.   Highly recommended class!
5.0 : She was definitely one of my favorite professors at state, she was very funny and kept class interesting. We wrote three essays which weren't very long, she is a tough grader though but she really helps you become a better writer.
3.0 : Literally the hardest English class I've ever taken in my life. The workload is heavy. Lots of writing and lots of reading. Food memoir, book journal, research paper, forum post and quiz... But  it was worth it, my writing skills did improve. Advice: DON'T SLACK OFF.
4.0 : Such a sweet woman. I thought the class was easy and kind of interesting. I honestly hate reading, and although you're supposed to read two books, they are not that bad. I definitely loved this teacher.
4.0 : I loved Professor Wise. She was one of the best English professors that I'd ever had. Her required readings all involved food in some sort of way, and it was nice to delve into a topic untouched by many English professors. Her grading was a bit tough, but she helped me learn a lot about writing as well as ways I could improve. Take her class.
1.5 : Was extremely hard and his homework he doesn't teach you. It was 50% group work 50% Homework and class work. If your not in a group your doomed. Math better be everything. Pop quizzes and homework are 60% of the Total grade. And the quizzes are often menutia of definitions from class. Come midterm or final beware.
4.5 : Great professor for modern algebra. I don't understand the review below, but that student must not have had the right mindset to be in an upper division math course.  Yes, modern algebra is not an easy subject, but at this point in the major, you should be able to grasp concepts on your own and critically think about the homework problems.
5.0 : Proofs with Professor Beck might be the best course I've ever taken. He was hilarious. I enjoyed every minute of his lectures. I loved that you could re-attempt homework problems you got incorrect, very conducive to learning. It was a really tough course though but definitely worth what you learn. Make a friend and don't slack.
5.0 : Not sure if this is normal, but he never really lectured. We had groups all semester long and we would work together to complete worksheets every week. He is very smart and knows how to teach when he swings by. It's no surprise that he has been renowned nationwide for his teaching abilities. If you want to learn math, he's the guy to learn it from.
4.5 : His lectures can be boring but then again I'm not really a fan of math to begin with. He is extremely nice and is always there for help. Overall a bit boring but the class is super easy. I hardly did any of the homework, there were like 3 exams but I still got an A in the class.
5.0 : Andy was the most amazing math teacher I've ever had. Good math teachers are hard to come by but Andy's teaching methods made it incredibly easy to learn new material. I enjoyed going to that class every week even though attendance is not mandatory. There are 3 exams for the whole semester but he hands out practice packets to use which helped a lot
5.0 : If I could take Beyer for every math class, I would do it in a heartbeat. Incredible mathematician and equally cool guy in general. To give you a sense of what I mean, he wears Nikes and Thrasher sweatersflannels to class instead of dress pants and church shoes. If you need help, he will help you!
5.0 : Wonderful teacher. I have always sucked at math and I passed this class with an A. He did grade attendance but I wouldn't have missed a day even if he didn't. His instruction was exceptional and if I had any confusion he cleared it up. I never felt the need to go to office hours or cram b4 a test. Never left class confused which says a lot!
5.0 : Beyer is THE best teacher I've had so far. Never been good at math but earning an A is his class. He makes the course very clear and never leaves any room for confusion. 4 exams plus the cumulative final. He splits the exam in two days so its not overwhelming. The final reflects the exams you take during the semester. Not lecture heavy. Easy class.
5.0 : Took ISED 160 with Beyer in Fall 2016.   As someone who had my fair share of struggles with math in high school, Beyer was a godsend. In addition to being a nice guy, he explained everything clearly. Basically, as long as you attend lectures regularly and ask questions when you need to, you should be fine.   Would easily recommend Beyer to anyone.
4.0 : Do not take this class as a 3 hour block in the evening, you WILL fall asleep! He is so monotone and excruciatingly slow, but he does cover concepts thoroughly and clearly. Exams are easy enough as long as you practice the math and do the homeworks, and he curves exams.
5.0 : I took Beyer for Calc 1 &amp; 2 for the fall and following spring semester. It was a no brainer to take him again just because he's such a great professor. I despise math, I hate numbers. Calculus is hard, and Beyer makes it easy, or at least understandable.  Absolutely recommend! Won't regret it. I got an A in Calc 1 and  a B in Calc 2 (harder).
5.0 : Andy is, by far and away, the best math teacher I've ever had. I struggled with math my whole life but I came out of  his Calc I class feeling like I had really learned the material. He is very knowledgeable about the subject and explains new concepts clearly. I can't say enough good things about him!
5.0 : He's honestly such a great math teacher. He goes into depth about the concepts and explains the subject in a simple way that everyone can understand. You never have quizzes. The class is basically a couple of online assignments that are 5 questions each and can be done whenever you want since they have no deadline. 3 midterms and 1 final. Easy.
5.0 : Really disappointed that they're aren't more reviews for this brilliant professor. Beyer deconstructs the mathematical language to help further your understanding to real world applications. His quizzes are basic problems (remember rules) so the grade reflects accurately. Overall a handsome yet scintillating prof with really nice hair.
5.0 : Andrew is exceptionally clear during his lectures. I'm not very strong in math but his effort to break down the material is phenomenal and his willingness to help you on an individual level is also comforting. I was able to enjoy stats much more than I expected because of his teaching. Also just an overall friendly guy, take his class!
4.0 : Great teacher, wants his students to pass. Will help you out if you reach out.
4.0 : Really basic intro to statistics in MATH 124, if you have taken a stats class before this class should be no problem. The class has a clearly defined grading system, and schedule of important dates. He is very knowledgable and truly interested in the subject which makes the lectures go by quickly.
4.5 : Andy is one of the nicest and most helpful math teachers I've ever had. I've never been very good at math, but he taught the subject in a way that made me very successful in his class. He's also super funny, which is a huge plus! WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND
4.5 : Lectures make sense, even if you don't necessarily understand the lectures.. the midterm and final exam are very similar to the practice exams he provides. There are homework assignments with no due date(as long as they are due before last day of class) and unlimited amount of attempts. Put in a little effort, you'll get an A no problem. RECOMMEND!
5.0 : Wow is. All I can say! Have had a few classes with her and every time I am wowed with her knowledge, hard work, and enthusiasm. She presents both a liberal and conservative side so only take her classes if you are not interested in hearing political correctness. She tells it like it is!
5.0 : I agree... I think she works for the government on special operations that are secretive. She is great with her political predictions. I took her class 3 semesters ago and her predictions on politics have come to fruition. Won't forget her social justice vs. equal justice examples. I'm am equal justice guy because of her! P.S. real sharp dresser!
5.0 : I think she's been in CIA, FBI, secret service or military. She knows a ton of the behind the scenes stuff. She is knowledgeable, bright, insightful. She seems like she was trained in special ops. Been in military myself so I know she can kick butt with a simple blow. Watched her and noticed certain military traits and comments. Worth taking!
5.0 : She teaches a different way. Lots of class participation. Shes a no political correctness person; tells it like is! I learned the 5$ rule I'll carry for life. She's the best and yes she's hard. Take her if you really want to learn life lessons. Don't take her if you want to hear only things you like. She teaches you a way to not be a bumper sticker
5.0 : I am loving this class. I had not interest in the topic but I am learning so much about politics, history, organizations, real life lessons, at the same time as Public speaking. Used to hate politics and history but she has made it fun and interesting. She even helps us with job stuff (interviewing and resume's).
5.0 : Oh Dawn... She is a very educated and passionate woman. Don't take this class if you are a slacker, she demands SO MUCH out of you, but its for a good reason! She prepares you for the real world and doesn't put up with any BS. Great teacher, easy if you're on top of your classwork. Very stressful though, anxiety level while taking this class: 100%
5.0 : What wonderful experience to have been in Dawn's classes. She is direct, honest, has high integrity, passionate, respectful, smart, helpful, caring...etc. too many things to add. Take her if you don't mind working hard. Learned more in one class than in all my other classes combined.
5.0 : Trevor is great. He is the total package and everything you could want in a Professor.
4.0 : Mr. Vasquez is a great professor. Took him for both Math 60&amp;70 and can honestly say that I have never learned so much in a math class. He is a very humble teacher who really cares about his students. I personally went to his office hours a lot and he would always be there to guide me through problems. Awesome professor and would recommend to anyone
2.5 : I had a  difficult time in this class. He has a very strong accent so it makes it hard to understand what he says and I gave up on asking questions by the end of the 1st 2 weeks because his explanations leave me even more confused. He is, however, a very easy-going and understanding teacher and gave me more credit than I deserved for late work.
1.5 : Completely useless, doesn't explain stuff detailed enough, super dry, teaching methods arent useful, shows problems on the board without explaining how to do them. AVOID HIM AT ALL COSTS!
5.0 : I don`t know what he is like in pre-calc but he is definitely a very good teacher for both Math 60 and 70. Not a hard class at all. If you need help on your homework be sure to visit him during office hours. If you do so he will make sure to help and pay special attention to you as he will realize that you are a very hard working student.
5.0 : Took his Math 70 course which was hands down extremely simple. He cares about all of his students. He gives a lot of extra credit opportunities and he rarely takes attendance. Truly recommend him and visiting his office hours helps a lot.
1.0 : His accent makes it super difficult to understand and his lectures aren't that great or clear either.
4.0 : I really enjoyed Mr. Vasquez's class!  He was very efficient! He helps when a student doesn't understand a problem and he uses two days of review in class before exams. The review problems he gives out in each groups are similar to the prob in the tests. Very easy to approach, i learned more from him than my HS math teachers
1.5 : Not very helpful to be honest. He's a really nice guy though but I dont really like his teaching style so maybe its me. He doesn't really explain problems very much just gives you sheets and tells you to go off and do them
5.0 : good teacher
3.0 : Very helpful and nice. Quite tad boring on the side during lectures but you'll get an easy A if you participate, do your homework and pass the test.
2.0 : His class is easy with homework but he barely explains what he's teaching and because of that, if you're not good at math, you're going to have a tough time on quizzes and homework. He's also pretty difficult to understand with his accent.
5.0 : I loved this class! He is very intelligent, hilarious, organized, caring, &amp; helpful! Just anything you would want in a teacher. I went from a student who did really bad in math during high school to an A+ student in all my math courses. He knows how to balance class work, lectures, and hw. I learned more from him then all my hs teachers combined.
2.0 : Easy class but yet very frustrating because he never really explained any of the classwork he gave out. Every class meeting, we would just be in groups doing the handouts he gave and just present them on the board ourselves. Easier to just make friends and have small homework groups to understand the material.
5.0 : Pr. Dopp is absolutely the nicest person! This class is about the soft skills of being a leader (i.e. how to work with people). Lots of reading, but don't let that scare you - you pick your own books, and everyone made it out alive :) Do participate in all of in-class exercises and the papers will be easy to write. No group project, yey!
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR AT STATE, HANDS DOWN. Open minded, helpful, clear, funny, down to earth. She is incredibly smart and knowledgeable. Please take her class!
5.0 : One of my favorite classes! I would recommend this class to anyone who is an IR or PLSI major/minor. She is not a hard professor as long as you TRY and complete the assignments. There's a take-home midterm, about six 1 page (double spaced) critical commentaries, and the final is a research paper (12-15 pages). Just choose a fun topic to research!
5.0 : If you have the chance to take Ellis for IR 550, do it. The class is supposed to be the hardest in the entire major, so you want a professor that will help you find your way through your thesis. Ellis can take the most scattered of hypothesis ideas and help focus you on your subject needed to graduate. A high priority for all IR students at SFSU!
5.0 : All I have to say about Professor Ellis, is the she is AMAZING. Really care about the subject and if she ever have the chance, take her!!! Really understanding as well, and tries her best to help the students out.
5.0 : Professor Ellis is one of my favorite IR professors at State.  I think she does a great job explaining IR theories and use anecdotes, which make the class interesting. She's so sweet, funny, and she will help you with anything. There is a paper, a midterm, and a final. There are also one page journals due every other week based on articles.
5.0 : Profesor Ellis was easily the best teacher I have ever had. She is simply a pleasure to be around. She knows the material extremely well and her lectures are always funny and engaging.  Her enthusiasm about the field of International Relations really rubbed off on me during the course.
5.0 : Ellis is by far my favorite professor at state.  I took her from 308 and learned so much in that class that I was excited to hear she was teaching 550.  Amazing teacher in 550, broke down the paper to make it not as stressful and ultimately made herself available to students in aiding us through this lengthy process.
5.0 : Wonderful professor. Lectures were very engaging, she ensures students have clear understanding of topics covered; made theories quite understandable. Journal entries every two weeks, fairly easy to align back to course topics. One term paper. Midterm &amp; Final. This class is an easy A if attend every class meeting. take her!! you'll love her
4.0 : Ellis is definitely one of my favorite IR professors. She is really funny and makes you actually want to go to class (she does take attendance every class).  I thought the class was easy, and she definitely makes it easy for you to get an A .  Just do all of the assignments (a few journal responses to readings, 1 essay, midterm, and final)!
4.5 : Super funny, sweet, entertaining, open minded, and passionate. One of the best IR professors at SFSU. Take her, you won't regret it!
3.5 : Fischer is a great guy. He is going through Chemo right now and still has the motivation to go to class. He is very kind and helpful and incredibly knowledgeable. He doesn't do the best job preparing students for the midterm but the final is take home essays and he is more interested in your opinion and how to support it than facts.
5.0 : Always something interesting to say. Don't let his appearance fool you.
4.5 : Extremely interesting teacher and course. Full of interesting stories, he's a former ambassador who knows and teaches lots of things. The class is a lecture and not a lot of student participation due to the size of the class... But not boring at all. I somehow feel my final was way too kindly graded, unlike the midterm but no complain.
5.0 : I'm a study abroad student from London and I fell in love with this class. Due to my interest in this field I chose him for my second semester as well and I loved it! He's an easy going guy that taught really interesting things! And plus, he's going through chemo but he still came in with a smile on his face! Loved the class!
4.0 : if you want to learn real English or listen to someone who owns it -- take prof. Fisher.  many of the other profs. should not be allowed to teach in English-- never mind teaching IR- they cannot write a good and long sentence-- I bet you, they will not pass   the GRE, without  the help of the internet, they need a grammar class
5.0 : Vivian is amazing. It's such a nice relaxing class. She's so understanding and tries her best to understand us. If you don't like being social and open with others do not take. But this is such a great class and different from other classes. She has some little assignments and one big reflection at the end.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers I've ever had. This class is amazing and Vivian provides space for us to express ourselves and learn in a non-traditional classroom setting. She is sweet, and really cares about her students. She is passionate and knowledgeable about heath education. I couldn't ask for a better teacher.
4.5 : awesome professor ever!!!!
5.0 : Vivian is honestly a gem of a professor at SFSU. She radiates good energy and encourages really great class discussions. Vivian is really into establishing a community within the class, and you really feel like you get to know most people. You would really have to neglect this class to fail it. There are maybe 5 total assignments, plus attendance.
5.0 : She's one of the best professor in SFSU. I would do anything to take her class again. Too bad I ain't a HED major.
5.0 : If you're feeling stressed out or need to cover a GE this class is a must take. Professor Chavez has a very positive vibe that makes the class enjoyable while informative at the same time. Definitely a memorable class.
4.5 : I wish Vivian were my prof for every class. I really vibe with her style of teaching. Presentations in lieu of exams, although working in groups can be challenging. Interesting and relevant videos. Contribute, she loves feedback! Don't be lazy, keep up with the readings and come to class, pay attention, etc. Excellent person and instructor!
5.0 : This class fulfills all overlays, LLD, and UD-C! Dr. Chavez is extremely knowledgeable and lenient professor, and we had awesome classmates during the summer session. If you have classmates that strongly committed to participate this class, you will also get motivated and make this class successful! Minimal work and group presentation! Great class!
5.0 : Dr. Chavez is a gem! I absolutely loved taking this class during the summer! The class is a total switch-up from a typical lecture course, and the discussions can get very personal. The workload is light, and she really teaches you ways to cope with stress! I would recommend her to anyone!
5.0 : i love vivian. she has a great heart and it shows through her teaching style. 3 hours in her class went like a breeze cuz participation. presentations and assignments are fun in her class. take her class!!!
5.0 : Amazing Teacher, very hot! amazing singing voice, made learning the material easy to understand and cares about concepts being conveyed well
5.0 : Minami Sensei is INCREDIBLE! He is very excited about teaching Japanese and he is hilarious too. He was the chair of the Japanese Department when I took the class with him, and though I was a little intimidated, he is actually very approachable.
5.0 : I really enjoy Minami-sensei's lectures. He did pay efforts on educating students, which is very respected unlike some other japanese profs. He's funny and we actually learn many things that are not on the textbooks! Highly recommend.
5.0 : Minami-sensei is a knowledgable professor, &amp; funny to boot. He reviews all the grammar and vocab in class, &amp; keeps students on their toes. If you're not a studier, consider doing so outside of class and grouping with your peers, because there are quizzes and tests just about every week which can be tough, even for ppl who've studied Japanese before
5.0 : Though feedback could sometimes be a little harsh, the participation aspect of this class really made it fun to learn. Make a friend in class and this class will be so much more enjoyable. Each class was incredibly well organized. This professor is very talented at his work. The best class I've taken in my college career.
4.5 : 3 online tests, 10 online quizzes, 1 final (taken in person/one double-sided page of notes). Takes notes and STUDY! You need to go to class to receive iClicker participation credit. If you do all the work and pass the tests with at least B's, you'll get an A in the class. Lectures are interesting, he's kind of funny and good-looking for his age.
5.0 : I would encourage anyone to take his class. I don't even like science, but the first couple weeks, he really made the class interesting. If you do the basic work he gives, you will pass. Watch the lectures, take notes, understand the material &amp; you will get an A. I didn't even keep up all the time, but if you take the time to study you'll be fine!
5.0 : This was one of my favorite online classes thus far in my college career. The class was well-organized and the online lectures were easy to watch. Moffatt's teaching style was clear and he responds fast to emails whenever you need help. Exams were fair &amp; easy just as long as you watch his lectures. Easy writing assignments graded graciously.
3.5 : I took him for Human Sexuality (Bio 330). The class was fun, he gives few assignments, weekly quizzes that can be done when they're opened until just before the final, and only three tests (and he only counts your 2 highest grades). He does give extra credit as well and lets you bring notes to the final. And no mid-term. 10/10 would take again.
4.5 : Moffatt was by far one of my fav professors at State. His lectures are really interesting and you get to watch TED Talks &amp; other videos about human sexuality. I thought the class would be awkward but he created an open environment to easily talk about the subject. (he's also Canadian :) lol)  Would love to take him again if I ever get the chance!
3.5 : You would think this class would be an easy A.  3 online MC tests, lowest test grade gets dropped.  Easy hw assignments.  Clicker questions every day for participation points, so go to class.  An in-class MC final.  The tests are actually a lot harder than you would think.  Take detailed notes and have an excellent relationship with google.
5.0 : The BEST professor I've ever had! I was never really the best at science courses, but he makes this one so enjoyable and not hard! 3 tests plus the final, drops your lowest test score, gives extra credit re-takes for each test, other extra credit opportunities, papers are easy, and he and the TA's aren't tough graders. TAKE A CLASS WITH HIM!
4.5 : I loved Professor Moffatt! I was in a class of maybe 500 students or so, but he was always trying to connect with students in the audience, making sure we were all on the same page. Answers questions extremely well and sincerely wants the best for his students. Very personable and charismatic.
5.0 : Professor Moffat is a great professor and knows so much about what he is teaching. His online course consists of the recordings of his lectures for his regular MWF class followed by a short quiz of the lecture.  The quizzes are online and opened note as well as the tests.  Short assignments but they are also due online. Great Class.
4.5 : Moffatt was incredibly entertaining, I looked forward to his lectures. I learned a lot of useful and interesting information. He was incredibly helpful in preparing my class for the final and made the criteria very clear. Lectures  Important + provided online. My advice: Try not to forget your iclicker, it's your participation.
4.0 : I personally really enjoyed his class. There were a couple lectures were it got boring but class overall was pretty easy. Exams and Quizzes are online. Offers extra credit for tests and class in general. Three papers but they are super easy. Everything is assigned on the first day of the semester so don't leave assignments till the last min.
4.0 : Moffat is a lot of fun. I took the online version, which is a little more work than going to class. I had a 95% going into the final + extra credit. It's honestly an easy class if you've had some exposure to biol/edo. A lot of people who thought it was hard had no experience in hormone pathways so I think will make it more work so beware.
5.0 : Teaches off white board + slides. Attendance is required and you get points via iclicker questions. If you come in late and miss just 1 iclicker question you get 0 pts for the day. Some exam questions are the same as the ones on his online quizzes. Gives extra credit points to make up for missed questions on the exams by redoing the exam online.
5.0 : The lectures are this class's saving grace; the required reading, Bonk, is pretty funny as a bonus. Would recommend. Just do yourself a favor and don't slack on keeping up to date with the lectures if you're in the online sections.
4.0 : Good professor.  very interesting class and lectures.
4.5 : I m taking this class for a GE requirement. So, taking it for c/nc.  well, this is one of the best structured class I have taken so far at SFSU. There is something to do throughout the semester, to keeps us on track. The best part is, final is only 20% , which allows students to maintain their grade throughout the semester. A+ class.
4.5 : Great teacher. Responds to emails quickly. Drops lowest test score. Buy the recommended book, it's got all the slides and write ups of each lecture topic. Do the easy papersassignments. The online class meets four times; 3 tests and a final. The tests all have online parts too. Seriously awesome class, just take it.
4.0 : Super straightforward class. Do all the work, and you'll pass with at least a B. The final is in class, allowed one double-sided page of notes. Keep up with the lectures. He's actually a great lecturer, and I never felt bored watching it from home.
4.5 : Interesting class. He really loves what he's teaching. 3 online tests online 10 online quizzes. Take notes &amp; study. There's writing assignments but they're pretty short and easy. Go to class and get your participation points. I would take another class with him.
4.5 : Interesting lectures often with relatable  topics. He definitely kept me interested and got you to remember things without you even realizing it sometimes. I'd take the class again and would definitely prefer his teaching style.
5.0 : She is not a very easy grader but if you want to improve your writing skills, i would highly recommend you to take her class. She is very understanding and helpful. It's the best class I have taken during this semester.
5.0 : The best teacher in the history of English teachers. She is absolutely a terrific teacher and she knows how to teach, unlike some teachers she doesnt prolong on a certain topic unless you dont get understand and takes time to let it sink in, and funny and nice..also she is very helpful so do take her! She is awesome!!I loved her and love her still!
5.0 : Kirsten, hands down best ENG 202 teachers. She gives wonderful feedbacks on your essay assignments, although essays were written every unit are so, but they are pretty easy and Kirsten will give you feedbacks on what needs to be fixed and what not. I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND HER CLASS! She is also an easy-grader as well.
5.0 : She is extremely CLEAR, ORGANIZED,AND HELPFUL. I want to take every class she teaches, seriously! That's how much i love her teaching style. REALLY GOOD! Don't miss the opportunity of taking her class; otherwise, you will regret of not knowing her and learning with her. I'm willing to take her class again and again. 100% recommended. :D
4.0 : Professor Hilbert is so down to earth and really easy to talk to. She really cares about her students and is a wizard when you are having an issue with a paper. She grades fairly and easily.
5.0 : She's really clear and helpful. I've learnt a lot from this class. She does give hw, but isn't a hard grader. You'll never regret if you take her class. Many thumbs up for her.
4.0 : She is a very helpful teacher. She will help you to improve your grammar skills.
4.0 : She really gives good feedback to your writing.
4.0 : Esther is tough grader, strict and kinda demanding. She expects you to do the work and she is very good at giving feedback. If you want to get an easy A, then choose another teacher. Her class is hard but everything I learned from her class is useful. I would take her class again because she really loves teaching and  helped me improve my writing.
4.0 : Very nice and respectful teacher. Helps you see your weaknesses and helps you correct your errors. She will give you a good grade if you show effort and do the best you can. She helped me see a whole different side to essays and just reading in general. Take her class if you want to learn and not just pass the class to get it out the way
4.5 : Outstanding teacher. Would help you if you really need help. Visit her office hours (not mandatory) and you'll get lots of advice. I love the way she teaches class as she goes over many ways of explaining a topic if someone doesn't understand. Lots of work in her class but very easy. I would definitely recommend taking her and DON'T SKIP CLASS!
1.0 : She is a  hard greater. She seems really nice but I got the feeling she was not genuine. The class overall was not helpful. She did not make clear what she wanted for the essays(3) and she contradicted her self. She says she wants your open opinion but in reality she does not. You can go to office hours but she confuses you even more. DONOTAKEHER.
5.0 : I took her ENG208 last semester, she is very interactive and makes the class easy and a lot of fun. She graded not really hard but  you really have to work and expect homework from her at least once a week. However, her lecture and feedback are really useful and helpful. She's always there to answer questions for you.
5.0 : You must to read a lots of this class, she is very helpful to improve your skills. Even though your English is not good enough, if you show her you are working hard for her class, you will pass it.
5.0 : Professor Chan was amazing, and I wouldn't have loved taken English with any other professor. She is very organized, helpful, and caring. She makes sure you understand the material and gives her all in teaching. Really recommend her!
3.0 : I personally think this class is so BORING. However, she is NICE and CLEAR. I like her as a person, but not her teaching style. Importantly, she is extremely STRICT and a very HARD grader.
5.0 : She really helps you with your writing skill and gives great feedback when you go to her conference.
5.0 : I highly recommend new students to take her class, because she really can help students improve their reading and writing skills.  The way she teaches is very helpful to survive in college.   Also, if you really wanna learn something in college, you should get in to her class room.
4.5 : Not essay class, but learn a lot and readings or assignments every class. Excellent teaching and very detailed explanation.
3.0 : This was a hard and challenging class because you will expect to have homework everyday and sometimes she assigns really long papers for you to write. The readings for this class was challenging so you have to read very carefully or  you wouldn't understand what it is about. This was a tough class so be ready if you are taking this class with her.
5.0 : Excellent instructor
4.0 : Esther is a tough grader, she assigns a lot of reading. However, you can really learn a lot from her class. Her reading choices are interesting. She is very approachable.
4.5 : She may talk a lot but she has good intentions which is to give us more information on the author of the readings and help us on summarizing the articles we read.  She may give a lot of work but it has really helped me in my writings.  Im really thankful to have a teacher like her.
5.0 : Johny is THE BEST Math teacher you will ever come across! He explains his lectures in ways were most teacher won't: he gives examples or other, easier ways to solve. HE DEFINITELY KNOWS HIS MATERIAL, he doesn't just teach by the book. He gives mini quizzes once a week to see if we understand the material &amp; to make sure that we are actually doing hw
4.5 : I took her class Fall 2013, and I gotta say, she's amazing. She combines lectures, class discussions, multi-media, and fun projects to stimulate the learning experience. The first day was an interesting day, that's all I gotta say. After that, it's smooth sailing. Gender and Communication is such a broad subject, but she makes it worthwhile.
5.0 : Professor Prentiss one of the most inspirational teachers I have ever encountered. Her class is straight forward and will work with you to come up with ideas. she gives great feedback and will email you back if you have any questions. Love her demeanor and loved coming to class.
5.0 : Professor Prentiss is honestly one of the most kind hearted individuals professors I have come across at San Francisco State. The first day she will act a bit unusual and all over the place (to try and intimidate you) but she ends up being the kindest soul ever. she is so nice and so understanding and she GENUINELY cares about each student.
4.0 : Easiest Comm 150 teacher. A total of 2 individual speeches (midterm &amp; final)- a percentage of your grade for each of those is based off of your outline (easy points). He assigns some homework out of the textbook at the beginning of the semester, very easy, just make sure to put answers in your own words. Always let us out of class early.
4.5 : This professor is awesome and SUPER EASY. He does not give any tests or quizzes. Your final is an easy 2 minute speech and as long as you do the homework it should be an easy A+.
5.0 : By far the best professor I've had. His class is so easy and there are only 2 speeches. He makes class fun and is incredibly funny! I definitely recommend him.
4.0 : Charles knows the course content very well and his teaching methods are effective to say the least. Take this class if you want to learn how to be a better communicator.
5.0 : He had to leave partway through the semester, but during the time that I had him, he was a wonderful person to have as a professor. The learning is very interactive and just overall really fun. I would definitely recommend this prof.
4.5 : Great professor, he's extremely helpful and he doesn't assign a ton of work. Just do the work he gives you and you'll get an A :)
4.0 : Easy teacher. Just show up to class everyday for 10 bonus points and do all the work and you'll get an A.
3.0 : Homework is easy but if you miss one or two assignments your grade drops down. Try to not miss class because can literally  a ton of points and information about assignments and presentations. He  doesn't care about the way you present yourself in speeches/presentations, just have all the required information and tell it in the time limit.
4.5 : Charles is hilarious and is such an easy-going professor. There is a weekly homework assignment - literally just skim the sections and find the answers, online submissions - but no exams. A couple of easily-graded speeches. He gives 10 points of extra credit if you go to every class - easy with 3 hour classes, where he lets you out within an hour.
3.5 : This class was pretty easy if you are generally a good public speaker and just make your visual aids and show up. There was a lot of bookwork and he actually graded it all pretty thoroughly which kinda sucked. He only makes you do two speeches which is way less than other Comm teachers. He gives extra credit opportunities and shows movies.Take him!
4.0 : Good teacher, made great use of the text book. very easy class if you do all your work. come to class and do all the assigned work!
4.0 : He was always very clear about expectations and easy to communicate with in person or over email.
5.0 : charles is daddy
5.0 : He was super cool and kind. He would totally help you if you ask! he was super funny and you'll know if he doesn't really like you. But overall super chill and easy teacher. Also make sure you do the homework!
2.5 : This was such an easy class there are two speeches the entire semester and no tests. There is a good amount of homework that is based on the book but its really easy and as long as you do all the classwork and speeches you will pass. He can be somewhat rude I went to speak with him and he wouldn't help me but i don't really care since I got an A.
5.0 : You get extra credit for being in class all the time. Average class time for every lecture was about 30-45 minutes tops. Homework is easy and answers straight forward in textbook but you need to paraphrase everything. He's nice and easy grader. Only had 2 speeches max in this class. Easy A.
4.5 : Charles is so funny! The class is not difficult even though there's homework for each chapter of the book. 2 speeches and there's no tests or quizzes. He lets us out of class early almost all the time. He gives 10 points extra credit if you are here every single class. The class is very enjoyable if people participates in the discussions.
3.0 : Class was ok. You got some easy hw that you get done with halfway through the semester and 2 speeches, a personal experience and a persuasive one. Class had potential to be great if we had more open class discussions after the speeches, but the only time we talked as a class was about the book. Did not discuss the speeches after presentations /:
5.0 : He is an awesome professor! Online homework but it wasn't difficult at all. Only did two speeches and that was it. Super organized, funny, and overall nice guy.
3.0 : This class was completely different from what i could have possibly expected. Although it was great fun, it was extremely costly and anyone who worries about money should be aware that all the materials add up in a big way. Doctor Fehrman himself is a complete character and is absolutely insane in the best way.
3.5 : Dr. Kate is a great professor. She is very dedicated and always ready to help.
4.5 : She is by far the best professor I have ever had.  I learned a great deal from her.  The curriculum is strenuous and time consuming, however, Dr. Tully will do everything to help.  I felt like I was in 3rd grade again and wanted to impress her.  My biggest fear in this class was disappointing her.  PS - She is very East Coast :)
4.5 : Sheila takes your education as seriously as (I hope) you do. I was struggling with finding information for my GWAR final, and she graciously pointed me in a direction that not only helped my paper, but expanded my knowledge of the subject greatly. There are less demanding teachers, but she will truly help you think like an anthropologist.
2.5 : This class was all about readings. All she did was review the readings, and did not take notes. Your grade will depend on a midterm, final, and a position paper. Her class is debate based. Also, there is no homework to help make up for your grade. She did not make this class interesting, and she has tons of attitude when speaking.
2.5 : Her selection of material was wonderful and really good reads. However, there were so many reading, I had time for doing readings for her class only. Reading for other classes had to stay in line. 40-60 pages in articles every week+ response paper+ two books during the semester. Her attitude was the most unwelcoming I've ever experienced.
3.0 : Does not except excuses, period. I live about an hour and a half away from school, and I rely on public transit to get to class. She doesn't allow ANY tardies or absences she counts ANY late arrivals as if they had skipped class altogether. Bart was down, I couldn't get to class, and what does she say? "That's not my problem, room with someone".
5.0 : One of the best professors I have ever had! At first she may seem strict, but the more you get know her, the more compassionate she is. She pushes you to do your best and guides you in the right direction!
4.5 : Tully is also an anthropology professor, so she gives a lot of anthropological viewpoints along with feminist ones. There are journals due once a week and the readings are usually heavy (2-3 long articles). Lateness is frowned upon. No extra credit whatsoever. MUST SPEAK IN CLASS or else she'll give you the death stare (jk) (no, but seriously).
1.0 : Long lectures and ahe gives a ton of reading. Doesnt not post anything on ilearn or write anything on the board. She talks fast and always gets off subject. DONT TAKE HER CLASS!
2.5 : Tully is incapable of teaching anthropology properly. She allows her personal convictions to influence her judgement to such an extent that it is unprofessional. This includes grading, holding grudges against students, and a fascistic, uncompromising attitude towards anyone who doesn't agree with her personal opinions. Students, be forewarned.
2.5 : Do not take her class if you want to pass WGS 160. Also she's not a very pleasant person to talk to.
2.5 : Worst class I've ever taken. The readings were way too much and it's very difficult to take notes in her class since she doesn't write on the white board. She's very old fashioned. I did not enjoy her class at all. It was the hardest class I've ever taken.
3.0 : Attitude! The class is structured in a way that allows everybody to engage. You must be interested in the material, otherwise it won't be a walk in the park. Sheila was inspiring the first couple of weeks, but after that, she seemed unapproachable. I would never take a class with her again.
3.0 : He was really passionate about the topic, but it did get a little boring at times because class wasn't very engaging. He talks pretty monotone and you just sit there taking notes every class. Homework was just a response question every week and 4 tests. No midterm or final. Just understand the material and show it.
4.5 : If you want to do well and actually want to know what is going on, show up to class. I skipped a couple and felt lost. But he is an easy grader as long as you address all his questions and explain well. I always received A's on the assignments and tests. The final was take home and easy as long as you pay attention in class. He is very clear.
4.0 : I absolutely loved this class and honestly developed a tiny crush on Dupen as the semester came to an end. He has such a peaceful voice and everything we discussed reflected our daily lives. It was the kind of class i've been wanting to take in college. Helped ,e examine my life and and choices I made and really wanted to be a better person. :)
4.0 : Ross Geller's Doppelganger, have the same exact voice. Quite stylish night I add (Rocking those earth tones). As long as you read the material, you don't have to show up to class or if you want to skip reading then show up to class, he just summarize the material into interesting stories. 4 in-class written essay.. maybe
5.0 : Mr. Dupen is the best teacher I have gotten to work with in our Philosophy Department. He really does a fantastic job at making the material interesting, understandable, and relatable. I looked forward to his lectures every class!
4.0 : This professor is very passionate about philosophy! The lectures can be quite boring. He doesn't take roll, but I strongly recommend going and taking good notes. He gives you a study guide for tests and homework once a week. Tests are hard if you don't study since they're free response. I would recommend him!
4.0 : Very easy going professor, you just need to stay on top of the reading and take notes in class. 4 exams, 10 homework responses. It might get boring where you start doodling (me) but not a hard class you just have to learn and think a lot.
3.0 : The class is very boring and he DOESN'T make it interesting at all. He speaks in monotone and honestly I find him weird. Attendance is not mandatory, but I find it hard for me to be motivated to attend his class. Hands out a study guide &amp; grades the tests base off of if we understand it somewhat. The tests are hard &amp; his wording on it is horrible.
5.0 : Long lectures that get boring but the homework and tests are super easy. The study guides explain exact what you need to know! I never went to class and still passed just by doing the readings!
4.5 : Kyle is an awesome professor. If you're struggling with identity, religious beliefs, beliefs about the world please take this class. It helped me open my mind and relax because no one, especially college students, have any idea what the hell they're doing and that's 100% okay. This class helped put my mind at ease. Kyle's the bomb!
4.0 : Class is really lecture heavy, and he can talk for the whole class time. I respect him a lot because he knows his subject well, but because attendance isn't mandatory, I didn't show up to class as much as I should have. His notes are messy so just make sure to take really good notes. Response questions are easy.
5.0 : This guy is awesome.  He's very enthusiastic, and you takeaway something meaningful from almost every lecture.  While not mandatory, attendance is important if you want to do well on the exams.  One of the best classes I've taken because you learn about different concepts and ideas that you can apply in your approach to your everyday life.
5.0 : Dupen is honestly a phenomenal individual, however his class is really boring. The class basically consists of him lecturing the entire class period. Class consists of 4 exams and 10 response questions. Honestly, the class  can be a bit difficult but Dupen is incredible and works with his students to  ensure that they do well. Take Dupen!
5.0 : Great teacher! don't even need to  read the books because he explains everything multiple times! Easy A i would say.
5.0 : Professor Dupen does a fantastic job using various religious perspectives to build a layered understanding of the central subject matter, I found it to be incredibly illuminating and inspiring. His lectures clearly demonstrate his passion for the subject matter and he uses very genuine personal anecdotes poignantly and humorously throughout. GREAT!
5.0 : I loved this prof! Dupen has clear &amp; reasonable expectations. He is open to critique &amp; alternate views, laid back, approachable, passionate about teaching, and builds student's confidence. If you show clear effort towards homework, you will do well.  Tests are no curve balls - no tricks or stumps if you listen to lectures and actively participate.
3.0 : Please be aware before taking this class. If you are NOT a Philosophy major. SKIP IT. I took it to fulfill my upper division general ED. The name of the class sounded interesting but it is one of the most boring classes I have ever experienced. The material is hard to understand, there is SO MUCH reading to do, and it's not Professor Dupen's fault.
5.0 : I have absolutely no interest in philosophy at all and honestly just took the class because I had no other choice, but I don't regret it at all. Kyle Dupen is super chill, funny, and knows what he's talking about. He gives out study guides for exams and offers extra help if you need it. I skipped a couple of classes and still managed to do fine!
5.0 : This is the only class I actually liked going to. I would medicate quite often before class, because of my back pain, and i was still able to full understand everything he would lecture. Mr. Dupen, is really passionate about his job, and does a good job at explaining anything you have trouble with. He's a cool dude!
5.0 : Kyle left me feeling so much more clear on my religious standing and I really appreciate the unbiased perspectives he's left me with. Some lectures are harder to follow than others, but he will always explain in more depth if needed. A very gentle person, and his voice is incredibly soothing. Plus he looks like a more down-to-earth Fonzie.
3.5 : Wise, experienced man with a soothing voice and great sense of humor.
5.0 : He is extremely knowledgable and has so much wisdom to share. CCSF is extremely lucky to have him as one of their professors. Thank you so much Professor Begonia.
5.0 : BEST CLASS EVER! She provides you with an outline of the lecture notes,  fill those in and study exactly what's on that for the midterm, you're solid! Assignments are straight forward and actually fun to do. SUPER LAID BACK CLASS! She's so fun and down to earth. If only all professors were like her. TAKE HER!
4.5 : This class is an interesting take on the industry in CA, was able to take what I wanted from the class.  Class is engaging and easy that consists of A midterm, 2 papers, and group presentation, (and an optional final) highly recommend this class, she is about to retire soon
5.0 : Easiest class at SFSU by far!! Attendance NOT MANDATORY, BLESSED! She lectures every day with questions you have to fill out yet right before the tests, she goes over every question and gives answers that is on the test. So i only went to review day and exam day. 1 paper on going to a restaurant and describing experience. she is super sweet. Easy A
5.0 : MY FELLOW FOODIES, TAKE THIS CLASS! 10/10 would recommend. If you love food then take this class. The food is always interesting to learn about and sample. Carol is very clear in her requirements and expectations- her only prerequisite is to smile. Simple. Her lecturing technique is unique and bona fide &amp; she's always taking in student feedback.
3.5 : Wasn't my fav class.  Too much depends on your group.  One written assignment, one presentation with group members (incl slides), one midterm, &amp; one final.  I like Amaya, but she went too fast over her presentations which are mostly dry facts.  We couldn't write everything down. I hear she has great stories, but this class is not the venue 4 that.
5.0 : Professor Amaya makes all of her classes very interesting. Her lectures are great and she is hilarious. Th grading criteria is fairly easy as well. There is a lot of group work. But I would definitely recommend taking her.
4.0 : Her food class consisted of a group presentation (25%), written assignment term paper (25%), multiple choice midterm (25%), and final (25%). She is very easy going and provides a stress free atmosphere. We even were exempted from taking the final at our own choice. I highly recommend you take her classes for your segment III reqs. Eat and be merry.
4.5 : She's a hoot! Wonderful professor, entertaining class. Learned a lot about wine and other cultures. No textbook required- all reading is provided. Fun projects and a few reading questions and assignments. Definitely would take again.
5.0 : Carol is by far the best teacher I've ever taken, she has the best personality and cares a lot for her students. I had taken her class twice and learned a lot, and I had a lot of fun while doing so. Her class is very enjoyable, the perfect learning environment. You have to put in a decent amount of work to get that beautiful A.
5.0 : The BEST professor you will meet at SFSU. It's your loss if you don't take her because she's retiring after Spring '16. You'll love her. She is super duper caring. All her essays are maximum of 2 pgs. Her GWAR requires to turn in Resume, Cover letter, etc. But you probably already have that done. So there you go, two assignments already done.
5.0 : Fun class to take. Easy A if you take notes during lecture. Carol gave students the option of no final if satisfied with grade. Students bring wine to class to share during group presentations. Goes over what to cover for midterm. Super helpful and approachable with a humor. Highly interactive class. High recommend! She is truly one of the best.
5.0 : Great professor. I dont write much but take her you wont regret.
4.0 : Carol is funny, and laid-back. You'll need to read some stuff. She does assign occasional homework - and don't make the mistake of thinking this class is just drinking wine. You'll have an interview project, few essays and exams. But they're really, pretty easy and as long as you do them, and a group presentation you're good. Really fun class!
5.0 : Mme Fournier is my favorite professor out of everyone so far. She's super fun and hilarious. She posts the workbook answers online before it's due. I missed my causerie presentation, did it late in her office, and still got 100% on it because I made her laugh so hard.
5.0 : Great professor. Sweetest lady who really cares about her student. Easy to follow lectures. Helpful easy quizzes along the way to help you prepare for the midterm and final. I recommend taking Philosophy 101 with her.
4.0 : Very cool professor. Easy to follow lectures that guide you to know what will be on the quizzes. The class consist of 5 quizzes a midterm a final and a oral presentation. It may seem like a lot but it isn't at all plus she drops the lowest grade out of your five quizzes. I was expecting to get a C+ to B for my grade but ended up getting a B+.
4.5 : Sitting in her class right now. You da best Ann!
4.5 : There was homework, but I personally found it easy. It's never much either. Phil 110 was fun and taught clearly. She's very nice and is open to opinions. Lectures were easy to follow.
3.0 : This class was easy, but I did not like the way she taught. Everything has to be from her point of view, and if you think differently then you have to adjust your mind to think the way she does in order to pass the exams.
5.0 : Homework everyday but it was super easy and she doesn't check it. Very interesting class with a lot of student involvement. Always open to changing a grade if you give a good argument for it. Loved the debates at the end of class!
4.0 : Her class is really easy, the homework will help alot if you do it but she doesn't check it. No need for a book and she will take her time explaining anything you don't understand.
5.0 : She's really nice and relatively easy just super boring and repetitive. Lost interest really quickly and missed a lot of class but still ended up with a B.
5.0 : She was very good at explaining terms and logic. Very sharp and I feel I learned a lot from her.
4.5 : Seriously one of the nicest professors ever. I'm still currently in her class and I've learned so much because she is crystal clear on the criteria she teaches her students.  She is always open for debate if you don't completely agree on how she see's something. All in all she is an extremely wonderful teacher. You won't regret taking her class!
5.0 : Easy A. Listen and you'll understand the material. The quizzes and test are super easy.
5.0 : One of my favorite courses I've ever taken in college. The assigned books were very engaging. Learned a ton about human rights, capitalism, and imperialism. I was completely caught off guard on the number of violations of human rights countries have committed.  I can proudly say I am a much better informed citizen after taking this class.
5.0 : Honestly such a passionate and kind man. He cares about his students, wants them to do well, and enjoy the material he's teaching. I hope to take many of his classes again and one day become his best friend. He's a cool guy who loves what he teaches.
4.0 : He might come off as a nervous guy, but he loves the subject he teaches. His class is entirely lecture based, giving great insight and explanations about what you read. Some random quizzes but he let's you know when they are and on what. 3 Tests but if you read the material or erm, sparknotes, you will do very well. He will help if you need it.
5.0 : Knowledgeable, passionate, and easy to work with. Mind the lectures, take diligent notes, and go over the exam study guide several times in advance. Do not be like my fellow classmates who were desperately going over study guide questions and pictures minutes before the exam. Follow this strategy and you'll do quite well.
4.0 : If you do not have time to read, don't worry about it, just show up to class and listen to the lectures (which happens all of class).  He literally summarizes the entire book for you and quizzes you on some, which are about 5-7 questions each.  He also quizzes you on the history of the plays, not just the plot, so don't fall asleep on that.
2.5 : Super weird lecturing style, hard to comprehend and take notes. He knows what he is talking about but it is hard to get passed his lecturing style. Tests are long but fairly easy, gives a curve to them. Take notes on everything, never know what will pop up on test and study guide
5.0 : Professor Wonder is very knowledgeable and it shows in his lectures. He has a kind, mellow disposition and he was respectful and accommodating to every student, even the ones who were annoyingtalked out of turn too often. The class was interesting and there were only a few quizzes and a couple of exams. Top 3 favorite instructors at SFSU!
4.0 : I actually liked his class. I found the lectures very straight forward and easy to take in. They are also very dense so if you zone out, you'll miss quite a bit. Essentially everything that will be on a test is mentioned in the lectures.  I've opened my textbook only a few times the entire semester, but everything needed is in lectures.
2.5 : If he wasn't so monotone, I would actually want to go to this class. He uses nothing but photo slides and then tells you to read the 3 very expensive books you had to buy. He is very passionate about archaeology, but his method of lecturing isnt very engaging. I often fell asleep or did not show up at all.
5.0 : Very easy class and professor. His lectures were long but interesting, so if you like learning about Greek and Roman Drama, take his class. I didn't buy any of the books because he just summarizes what happens the next day anyway. 3 short answer quizzes and 2 exams, very straight-forward. Pay attention and take lots of notes and you'll get an A.
4.5 : Archeology for sure is his life. He;s very passionate about the subject. You have to go to lecture because taking notes is essential, and prepare to take A LOT of notes. His lectures were interesting as he shows a lot of photos. Tests were easy as long as you review the study guides.
4.5 : John Wonder is a walking encyclopedia about archaeology, super passionate on the subject. The only thing is that you really do have to attend class because all he does is lecture and you write down notes on everything he says. As long as you do the study guides the tests are super easy. Lectures are literally the study guide too. Also curves tests.
5.0 : Wonder is extremely passionate about the subject. If you don't plan to read, just show up to his lectures and you'll be well informed. I would still suggest students to purchase the books though; it'll help a lot on the exams if you dedicate your time to reading the plays. He might seem a bit dull and boring, but he is an amazing professor!
5.0 : If you enjoy/are curious about ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, Greece, and Rome you will enjoy this class! Books are NOT needed. Class is entirely lecture(you have to go)! I went to every class, did not read any of the books, and got an A on every test. Long study guides, but straight forward. Mr. Wonder is extremely passionate and knowledgeable.
5.0 : Honestly such a nice man. He's very passionate about what he teaches, which makes the class honestly so much better. There's a lot of reading, but if you space it out well it's no problem at all. Tests and quizzes are easy if you read the material.
4.0 : He is such a nice professor and by going to his class you can tell he is so passionate about the subject. With that being said, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU ARE NOT PREPARED TO GO EVERY DAY AND LISTEN AND TAKE NOTES! You will fail the tests unless you are willing to listen and take notes some find it boring but it will get you a good grade.
5.0 : He is such a sweet man. I did not buy the books because all the stories are online and he talks about them in depth in class. His study guides are ridiculously long but worth it if you take your time. It is an easy class, just take it seriously and don't slack off because then you will be stuck.
4.5 : The subject was super interesting. Reading would help tons and the tests were straight forward. Easy A.
2.0 : One of the toughest classes I've taken in college. He lectures the whole time and you have to take notes simply from what he says, he rarely writes on the board and only uses the screen projector to show photos. Three exams that consist of about 40 questions each that are not multiple choice and just short answers. Requires a lot of memorizing.
1.5 : John is so boring I could hardly stand going to class. His tests are difficult because he gives about 20 short answers with no word bank! Greek and Roman Mythology sounded fun but believe me it's not. He has such a monotone voice and he offers very little help, and the study guides are 9 pages long so they're not much help at all. Don't recommend.
4.0 : he is so nice! and easy grader! there are 3 tests and sporadic quizzes that are easy! you do not need to read the books, just take good notes because he asks questions that do not seem important on the tests! but he is super nice and open to opinion!
5.0 : Amazing teacher! This is my second class with him, and he has yet to disappoint! He is engaging, friendly, energetic, and extremely passionate about the subjects he teaches. Posts long study guides, but if you complete them, you will ace the tests. Be prepared to take lots of notes! Notes  success in his classes. Enjoy!
3.5 : JB is hands down the best lecturer I have had at SFSU. Her PP's are long and sometimes a little jumbled but she is passionate and cares about her students. She lets you record lecture which is great. Listening to the lecture at home while looking at the PP is very helpful. She shares a lot of personal stories and knowledge.
4.5 : Dr. JB is awesome and fair in every way, and if there is any nurse to aspire to be academically like in this program, it's her. You NEED to attend lectures--RECORD THEM. Listen to them thrice if needbe. I know people who simply studied the powerpoints several times to Ace it. If you need help, she'll assess your learning and show you weak points.
3.5 : His speaking style is interesting and fun to listen to. He's more than willing to help and will dissect ex. until the entire class understands "are we gooood?". Hold on to his handouts  your "notes", very straight forward, on quiz. You'll typically hit the ballpark of his expectations, just make sure you approach him 1:1 to get his full attention
1.5 : This professor comes off nice in the beginning, but later is very rude and lectures are all over the place.
2.5 : Average  prof. Wouldn't avoid but wouldn't take again. Hard tests, average assignments, lots of group work. Fun for the first couple weeks but then starts to get confusing with directions and can be sassy when asking for help. Lots of hand-outs and nothing on iLearn.
5.0 : Pretty straight forward speech class. Show up - memorize your speeches - pass the class. Busby is an awesome professor and would highly recommend him. Will definitely take him again.
1.0 : I heard good things about Busby upon taking his class. After taking his class this semester I beg to differ. He was very energetic and he seemed passionate at the beginning of the the semester. But as the semester progressed, Busby was rude, condescending, unclear in what he wanted in his assignments, and was really impatient with his student.
4.0 : Her tests require clear understanding of the context of what is read and discussed in class. I was able to pass by taking notes of almost everything she said in lecture so be sure to pay attention she has no multiple choice tests and every exam is written.
5.0 : Amazing. Always interesting topics. Great connections with our everyday lives and opens out perspectives. Feel like Ive learned a lot from her class. She's cheerful, funny, energetic, encouraging, cool, just nice. Never gets boring. As long as you do submit works or read things, you get A.
4.5 : VERY interesting material about society, gender roles, and sexism, racism, politics, and ART! IF you love art take this class. This class covers a lot but without much homework, everything is really straight forward. one of my favorite classes I've taken this year. definitely recommend this class
1.0 : The class needs to be more organized. We talked about certain subjects for weeks, which frankly got boring. Teacher was rude and unhelpful.  When students had the courage to raise their hand, they did not get a sufficient answer. Her schedule needs to be revised, and her attitude needs to change.
5.0 : Wonderful teacher who has such a passion for the arts, extremely beautiful too and looks just like Carrie from portlandia. She pretty much goes off powerpoint and attendance is mandatory except you can have three absences. You have to read 3 books, and have 2 quizzes, 1 midterm,2 presentations(one being 15-20min in a group)and 2 papers. loved her
5.0 : The class itself can be repetitive and boring, but it was an easy A. She's an easy grader, she usually gives A as long as you showed that you tried. Did all my assignments last minute and received all As. On the midterms I got As on both. And her "exam" I got an A-. The exams are easy if you go to class and understand the basic stuff.
4.0 : She is very interested in the topic and takes it all very seriously…towards the end of the semester she touches on some topics that I found very interesting. If you do the essays/homework, group projects, and participate you should get an A. (Just a warning: sometimes she will randomly get very upset about things that seem somewhat irrelevant)
4.0 : Took her night class and mostly fell asleep cause art wasn't my thing. A couple of lectures were interesting though, and she's really passionate about it. There are readings you'll have to do and most of the quizzes and essays will be about what you read or how to describe a painting. Group project at the end and 3-4 page essay for the final!
5.0 : She is literally one of my favorite professors. She will work you hard but you walk away as a more intelligent person for it. She was super helpful and she knew her stuff! She's amazing but you need to give her the same respect and you guys will get along:)
4.0 : Took this course Fall 2015. Zupan enjoys what she teaches and it's clear. Attendance is usually taken. 2 quizzes, midterm, museum/art walk report, group presentation and final paper. 5 required texts which are rarely used, but you still need them for some assignments. Our final is a 2-4 page. Be prepared to analyze paintings and gain artist skills.
3.0 : Attendance matters she takes roll every day. Not helpful when it comes to answering q's during lectures, ask her after class. The tests are easy if you actually take notes in class &amp; do the readings. There's a group project so choose your group members wisely. Do the work &amp; you'll be fine, it's a very doable amount of work. I learned a lot
5.0 : Great class! Really interesting topics discussed throughout the semester. The professor was really involved in what she was teaching.
2.0 : Don't take the three hour class. You will hate yourself it's incredibly long especially if you're not that into the topic. She can be quite a bit sassy, very opinionated. she seemed really cool at first but throughout the semester i couldn't tell whether she was being seriously rude or funny.
4.5 : Study for the tests or you wont pass, read the books assigned they are interesting and on the tests. she gives 2 quizzes worth a lot a midterm worth double, small assignments in between, a group project, and an essay. shes an easy grader on everything. shes nice and passionate and knows a lot! good class for the requirement
5.0 : She's cool.  If you show up to class and pay attention, you can earn an easy A. She tells you exactly what you are going to be testedquizzed on, and she's a very generous grader.  The books she assigns are easy to read--like 2-4 hours each If you focus--BUT YOU MUST READ THEM.  Her chili pepper factor makes the three-hour lectures quite tolerable.
3.0 : Greene's exams are very difficult. The exam &amp; quiz take five hours to complete. He grades the entire test only out of FIVE points! Gives no explanation to his grading process. He basically sets his students up for failure and even says he doesn't expect anyone to pass it on the first try. His strategy is ridiculous. I'd recommend another professor!
5.0 : Great guy! Extremely clear and concise with his material. Literally forces you to ask him for help. He wants everyone to succeed in his class. School was shutdown due to a storm and he took the time to set up a conference call to go over the final with us that day. If you show effort, he will return the favor and help you out. Tough grader*worth it
3.0 : I really enjoyed taking Professor Smith Class, I thought I was doing decent in this class. I attended all her classes, however she can be a hard grader. Her Psy 472 is just based on three exams no extra credit. So really read the book, and pay attention in class and go over her lectures.
5.0 : Dr. Smith is a wonderful instructor - very thoughtful and approachable. Definitely a wonderful class!
4.0 : Amy Smith does a great job. I found her Psychology Of Policing class to be very interesting and engaging. She has us do short weekly write-ups, two small papers, one regular paper( 3-4 pages), and 3 short answer exams. Key to passing is showing up and knowing what she is talking about, as exam questions are based off in class discussion and book.
3.5 : I have taken every CJPsychology class i could with Dr. Smith, some of her classes are harder than others and she grades some students harder than others because she expects a lot from students who put forth effort.  For those who had problems with her you should talk with her 1 on 1 she will help you if you ask her.  Long papers but she is fair.
4.0 : Went into this class expecting a little more. Lectures are a tad dry, so don't come sleepy. It's a really easy A if you can stay alert, but only if you can stay alert Do NOT miss assignments, you risk a grade missing anything. Personally, I bailed on half the semester and pulled out with a B, but only because the material was easy. Great Teacher!
5.0 : This course is equal parts engaging and demanding. Class includes weekly 1-pg papers, a 3-4 pg paper, a group discussion facilitation, and a mock trial as a final. Written work is graded easily and group discussions are relaxed. I can't say enough good about Dr. Smith.
5.0 : I have had Smith for three different classes now, and she is my favorite professor. She is passionate, caring, and understanding of her students. She is wicked smart, and shares cool experiences she has had from her job. She is open to hearing other views and ideas from students. She may seem demanding, but staying on top of her work is easy.
4.5 : Dr. Smith is an amazing professor!  For the people who said that she's not nice outside of class, they are completely wrong, I saw her during office hours and was part of her lab and she was always in a good mood and willing to help students.  I am taking her again next semester and can't wait to see what I'll learn from her again!
3.0 : He's definitely very passionate about the topic, but I took this class for a GE and it wasn't worth it. He assigns reading notes that are due every class and each one took me at least a couple hours. We had a 15 page midterm (sounds bad, but it wasn't too bad) and a 7 page final on a topic of your choice. No quizzes or tests. I'm glad it's over.
5.0 : One of the very few teahcers I have met that are more than extremely passionate about what they teach which makes the overall experience better in general.
3.5 : Great class with interesting lectures, guest speakers, and activities. Unfortunately, important topic is overshadowed by too much busy work. Reading is repetitive. Syllabus needs to be revised and workload cut in half. There are 14 or 15 writing assignments. 7-9 page paper plus 2 page essay due in last week, so not easier at the end.
4.0 : Insanely difficult midterm compared to the super easy final. He might change that from semester to semester though. He's insanely passionate about Native American rights. Inspired me to minor in American Indian Studies.
5.0 : Everyone should take this class! Firstly bc we need to know the truth about American Indians, second bc Mr. Klasky is one of the best, most passionate, amazing teachers I have ever come across. The midterm seems like it will be hard but if you use your time wisely it's a sinch and you feel really proud of yourself after. Will miss this class!
4.5 : Klasky is the best professor ever.This class was also the most valuable class Ive ever taken.I learned so much and Klasky is so passionate about the material.The workload is heavy but the subject matter is interesting and the grading is fair.Big take home midterm and final paper but just go to class, join in discussion, and do the outlines.
5.0 : Professor Klasky is absolutely AMAZING. I had little to no previous knowledge about American Indians when beginning this class, but by the end I knew a lot and I felt really great. He is strict on the outlines, but they are really helpful when writing your final paper. The midterm is long and takes a lot of time, as well as the final. Great class!!
5.0 : He's a great lecturer and class is interesting.
3.0 : I agree he was a very passionate professor. If you're really into the subject, then I advise you take this class. But if you're just taking it for the credit, it's not worth it. The homework load was extensive and he was a really tough grader, the only good thing was that he gave you the option to redo assignments and gain back some points.
3.5 : Midterm and final paper are brutally long. 10 page minimum take-home midterm. Interesting  to be in class, but there is an unreal amount of work required outside of class. Liked the fact he required a field trip, and he usually talks about other important happenings on campus.
3.5 : Very passionate teacher! At the beginning of the semester there was a lot of reading and outlines, but not so much near the end. No tests but there a lot of papers! The final is also an essay.  He is an amazing teacher and very supportive. LOTS OF GUEST SPEAKERS, which is great b/c you learn from them. Great class but lots of writing and reading.
5.0 : Klasky is awesome. Super passionate about the subject and is always giving you chances to do extra credit. He requires a fieldtrip but the ones he plans are very fun and worth going. Second time taking him and I have never been happier. The work load is very high (10 page midterm and final) but well worth it. Overall, an awesome guy
5.0 : I absolutely loved this class. Phil is so passionate, its contagious. Definitely a heavy workload, but there is no busy work and it is all interesting. There is no midterm. You turn in a final portfolio which isn't that bad. Showing up to class is mandatory, and he hates it when you're late- this was my only downside. But I do recommend this class!
2.5 : Frances' class is super easy. That said, the workshop groups are not very helpful as far as feedback goes, a lot of opinions and whatnot. Be sure to keep on top of what is supposed to be due, because sometimes she doesn't remind you or even seem to remember.
1.5 : She assigned a ridiculous amount of reading, none of which were interesting, and we didn't spend enough time going over them in class. The quizzes are misleading because they focus on the vocabulary she goes over in class and don't require you to do any of the readings, but the final requires you to cite examples from the assigned texts.
5.0 : Professor Hackenberg really knows her literature! Very passionate in what she does, and it reflects during lectures and class discussions. Provides great feedback on essays, and gives excellent suggestions on how to improve your argumentevidenceanalysisyou name it. This class was hard since my writing lacks clarity, but she made it doable ^__^
4.0 : Professor Hackenberg is super nice and super smart. The only thing I would say about her class is that she assigns an INSANE amount of reading. Like a really, really, overwhelming amount. If you take any other classes, unless they give you hardly any work at all, (maybe even then), it will be impossible to keep up.
4.0 : I freaking love her. My favorite class. She is witty, SO intelligent, and passionate. Sparknotes makes this class very dobale. Lots of creating assignments that don't make reading Completely necessary, but STUDY for the final. Very interactive class. Movies are assigned too! :)
4.0 : His test were all base on the lesson in the books and he would go over in the lessons in detail during class. Just remember to take really good notes during class.
4.5 : Professor Garcia-Moreno is  very passionate about her teaching and you will come to class and feel the passion. She is very intelligent and engaging which makes the material much easier to comprehend. We had 2 in class writing assignments (easy), 1 Final essay (6 pages), and a Final with a couple questions (easy) Take her! You won't regret it.
5.0 : Easy A. The was no text book for this class. Just a few hand-out. No homework just a few oral group projects. We mostly just talked in class. Most of class show up late and the other half only come when there is a test something like that and they still got an A. The tests are so easy, don't bother to study.
4.5 : Zheng Laoshi is the best. She can scatter due dates a lot but it makes it good because she is lenient if you ask to turn in something late/take a test late. But overall, she's a great Chinese teacher. She wants you to learn the culture and makes an effort and gives good examples for you remember . Going to class everyday will for sure get you an A
5.0 : Super chill professor. Class felt like a therapy session,all you did was bash your employers. Some writing assignments and a final presentation were required. Otherwise, i loved this class. i took it in the summer and he never kept us for the full four hours. He is a sweetheart, definitely recommend this guy.
3.5 : interesting and clear. Most Examples taught in class were more challenging than exam problems. Do the sample problems in the book because they do show up in the written portion of the exam. Physics for me was tough, but with lots of practice it became doable. Fielder sticks to her syllabus so if you're aiming for an A-, better get a 90 percent.
4.0 : I took this class my first semester of college and I had no background on physics at all. The material was easy to understand through her lectures, so skipping class although tempting can affect the way you perform on the tests. Overall she was a great teacher and as long as you attend class and keep up with the readings its an easy pass.
4.0 : Real straightforward instructor. Everything in the lecture and online homework will be on the exam. I slacked off in every lecture but came out with a B because I understood the concepts form the homework and lecture notes. Don't buy the text book, I used it for two weeks and never picked it back up.
4.0 : Very nice lady and great teacher! I only had her for half the semester since she went on maternity leave. Overall I recommend her, the class isn't extremely hard.
5.0 : 3 MC Midterms (lowest score dropped) and a final.  NO papers, presentations, group projects!    You hardly need the book - everything is in the lecture - but you definitely need the online code for homework.  You have to study to get an A but it's doable and she's really helpful during office hours.  She's a great presenter, really interesting!
5.0 : Took professor Fielder in spring 2014. Her lectures were easy to understand and she made astronomy really interesting. If you're looking for a fairly easy GE take her! Her tests come directly from the class activities and lectures so go to class and pay attention
5.0 : Mrs. Fielder was a very good teacher.  If you aren't into science that much, it's okay because she understands that not everyone is an astronomy major.  She drops your lowest score on one of the three mid-terms, which can really boost your grade if you had a bad score.  She also gives many extra credit opportunities.  Very nice lady as well.
3.0 : I thought this class was going to be easy due to the reviews, but I was wrong. No point in getting the lecture tutorials, just share with someone who already has it, because you won't have to turn it in. Homework once a week, three midterms, and a final. Just get a good grade on the homework and manage a C on the tests, and you'll be fine.
4.5 : Very helpful, very responsive to e-mails and questions during class. Online homework can be a tad tricky, but straightforward overall and your best guide to the material that is being covered. She also drops one of the exams which helps. You should not have any problems getting a A~B if you review the text/class notes/online homework often.
4.5 : Very helpful, very responsive with e-mail and questions during class. The online HW will be your best guide to the material (and the exams), so take the time to do it well; it also contains a review section with additional questions from the textbook which I found quite helpful--take advantage of it.
1.0 : She is not very helpful when you ask questions after class ( seems too busy). Also this class was very boring! Homework is tough! If you want to work hard for a boring mediocre class, where you barely pass then sign up. Otherwise do not take this class!
5.0 : Takes her time to help her students understand the topic. She would answer any questions we had and offered many extra credit opportunities. She seems to love Astronomy so much that it makes you like it too. Her lectures are very interesting.
5.0 : One of the clearest lecturers I've had. When ever I had questions she would explain until i understood. I would recommend you take her class.
4.0 : She's the geeky type of teacher. Geeky in a good way! She's extremely passionate about astronomy. Her grading is designed so you don't fail. 60% is a C-!  Her class is based off of participation points, online homework due every friday, 3 midterms but drops the lowest score, and a final. Easy class to pass, but not so easy to get an A.
3.0 : I do not like her. She is so hard. The homework are tough.
4.5 : Fielder is who inspired me to pursue Astrophysics. A true gem of a lecturer and worth taking. You can pull your grade up by 4% with extra credit and she drops your lowest midterm score to help your grade. Office hours are very helpful and she's awesome to talk to.
3.0 : Likeable as a person-but the class is pretty difficult. I thought this class would be more interactive and engaging but it wasn't. The power points and homework are unrelated to each other and also to the tests so that sucks-ALOT.  You have to pay a bunch of money for a book you wont need to use. You HAVE to show up and participate as well.
5.0 : She is very clear during her lectures. This is an interesting class, there is homework once every week, and tests are difficult. Overall, I enjoyed this class and she is VERY HELPFUL with answering any questions over email, during class, and in office hours.
5.0 : She is just wonderful. She's very passionate about what she does. I was in a combined lecture, so we had 100+ students. It's a really great intro to astronomy class, the homework is online and the only tests are the midterm (3 total, lowest of 3 dropped) and the final. As long as you follow along with the lectures, it's a really easy class.
5.0 : Very clear and straightforward. Incredibly nice professor. The class was easy to follow and her powerpoints helped a lot. Go to class, do the work, and you'll pass. Not a super easy class but not too difficult either.
5.0 : I took this as a general ed and was not looking for something too terrible difficult. Professor Fielder is a great professor and I would suggest that you take this class if you are looking for a general ed requirement. As long as you come to class you will pass the class. 10/10 definitely recommend!
4.0 : One of the best professors I've had. She explains everything well and always does into detail, you can tell she loves the subject. She puts her powerpoints online but you still need to go to class. You take 3 tests and the lowest score is dropped. Homework is on the pearson website, and ALL of the answers are online, so just google them
5.0 : She is a very nice teacher. She has 3 exams,one final and online homework . It is a very interesting class
5.0 : This professor was one of the best one's I've had at SFSU. I am terrible at science, but she is great at explaining the material so this wasn't an issue for me in this course. If you want to pass: Do all the homework and go to class to pay attention. She collects participation randomly once a week. I passed without the textbook, she expains better.
4.0 : Jessica is a wonder professor who has a deep understanding about Astronomy. Be prepared to listen to her lectures because she provides a lot of information. You will need to purchase an access code for your weekly online homework. You will also take three midterms but Jessica drops the lowest midterm grade.
5.0 : Very nice woman who wants you to do well. My only complaint is she wouldn't bump up my 89.7ish to an A, but other than that she was amazing. I'm terrible at science and was still able to do well in her class due to her great power points and visuals.
5.0 : Jessica Fielder is super excited about physics. She uses PowerPoint presentations and she puts the slides online which makes studying for the exams a breeze.
4.5 : Really good teacher. Friendly and very clear in her instruction and expectations. Go to class, because she sometimes does little participation activities. And bring your Lecture Tutorial book! Study for the exams, they're hard. Weekly homework online isn't too difficult, just set a reminder or something to make sure you do it.
5.0 : Prof. Fielder got me really interested in Astronomy. There's class exercises, so it made the time go by fast. There's weekly homework online, 3 midterms, and a final. Her lectures are engaging and she's very nice. Offers extra credit too!
5.0 : If you want to take astro for GE credit, do yourself a favor and take it with Jessica. She's super passionate about astro and accessible outside of class. She takes participation once a week on a random day but you can make up for it with extra credit. 3 midterms and 1 final, she drops your lowest midterm grade. Also, the textbook is free!
1.0 : I hate this class with my whole being. Were asked to buy textbooks and we don't even use them. We do "practice" in our workbooks the last two minutes of class and never goes over the questions.  The one time she does, the whole class does a terrible job on them.  There is not enough curriculum we do to get a good grade.  Do bad on one test SCREWED
5.0 : The best teacher I have ever had for science! She really loves Astronomy, and is very good at explaining concepts so everyone can understand. She really cares about her students, and is always there for you during office hours. There are 4 pretty easy tests, and she drops your worst score. Just study the concepts and you'll pass with flying colors!
5.0 : She is one of the kindest teachers I have had so far in my college career. There are homework's and multiple choice tests, but they are not hard if you decently study the slides and textbook. This class is very interesting because you get to learn in depth about the universe.
5.0 : She's so enthusiastic, dorky, and witty. Definitely worth being there. I could listen to her talk forever. She's good at time management and never goes off track. She makes things much easier to understand is very organized and structured.
3.0 : If you're bad at science, don't take this class. Although she's a good professor, there's not much you can do to raise your grade besides participation, online hw and midterms. She doesn't give much solution to your confusion or struggle with the work besides emailing her your questions, which was really frustrating.
5.0 : Amazing, charismatic professor, encourages curiosity. I didn't even need to read the textbook to know what she was talking about b/c she explains so well. Tries to answer questions, HW is pretty easy, can be found online too. Slides and demos avail outside of class. Gives extra credit, walks around during 'classwork time' to help individuals.
5.0 : Fantastic professor, one of the best. She explains everything with enthusiasm and detail. You can tell how passionate she is for astronomy. Pay attention in class and do the readings and this class will be an easy A.
4.0 : She's one of the nicest professors I've ever met. Says "banana-pants" a few times, and it's incredible every time she says it. She takes roll on Fridays with little questions that you have to answer on a piece of paper and turn in at the end of class. You can certainly tell how much she loves astronomy. Don't forget to do the online homework.
5.0 : jessica is an amazing professor. as long as you actually read the material and pay attention in class you should be fine. tests are fairly difficult but doable. homework is due every friday and takes about a half hour to do. her lectures are astounding and she is truly caring. if you want an easy A this class will be difficult.
5.0 : She is so enthusiastic about Astronomy that it's almost contagious! She is good at engaging her class that no one ever talks over her but just listens bc she makes science fun. She is able to explain complex astronomy and physics material and break it down to something easy &amp; weirdly: makes it seem like the best thing you have/will ever learn.
5.0 : Easy A. Takes attendance random days once a week. Online weekly hw (quizlet). 3 midterms (drops lowest) and final. Extra credit opportunities. Honestly study her handouts, hw assignments and do study area from online hw website and you'll get A's on the tests. Super easy and she's a fun and quirky teacher.
4.0 : The class is pretty intriguing. However, it can get a little boring because her lectures are pretty long. Not only that, but it's deceiving because you feel like you've learned a lot, but the tests are very difficult. Put a lot in effort into studying and you will be okay on the exams. Homework is pretty easy, all online.
4.0 : This didn't feel like a college class because it was so easy and we barely did anything. But at least you get the GE requirement out of your way with a teacher who likes to entertain you!
5.0 : Reading the previous review its unfortunate professor Whitchurch is moving away. I got a chance to have her in Spring 2014 and her class was really easy. Didn't feel like I learned anything but we had 4 or 5 speeches and she graded really easily. It was great having her and I wish her the best in all her endeavors!
3.0 : Marina is a lovely lady and an awesome professor!
5.0 : attendance was kept in the first half of semester, really nice &amp; chill teacher with easy grading and good support. She lets you look at your papers a little. Only down side is getting the poem book which is an extra $60. Worth taking for an easy A tho.
2.5 : I thought this class would be a breeze at first, and most of it is but that doesn't take away from the fact that assignments weren't clear so half the time I didn't know what she was looking for. If you open up in class and show her really personal sides of yourself in speeches she loves it and it shows in your grade. Class was also cancelled a lot
3.5 : I looooove Marina!!!! Such an amazing person and teacher. Project and speech due dates were kind of unclear and confusing but if we needed an extra day she gave it to you. She truly makes an effort to get to know every single student and build a relationship with them. She is awesome and I had a blast giving speeches in her class.
5.0 : Super chill and funny. She's amazing wish she wasn't moving away but I'm glad I got a chance to have her. Super easy too... missed a ton of classes but still got an A. As long as you make it to the speech days, you're gucci
5.0 : By far the best professor in the KIN Department. Class is her lecturing off of her notes and it is obvious how passionate she is about sports culture in America. She is very helpful and is willing to help with your future if you are interested in working in sports management. 2 midterms plus a 2 page paper and internship. great class
5.0 : Veri is very knowledgeable about the history of sport. She can name athletes and have detailed conversations about them from just about any decade. There are two papers that are easy, a take home midterm and take home final. Both consist of few essay questions. TAKE HER!!!!
5.0 : She's a great teacher and very nice! Very thorough with the subject, and more than happy to answer any questions. You can tell that she really enjoys sports psychology. Only downside is that she is very detailed and will almost take the entire three hours to lecture. She does give breaks! I highly recommend; I really enjoyed her class.
4.0 : Dr. Veri is a great professor! She was very clear with what she expected from students in her class. Exams were essay-based, and the ethnography was laced through the semester. Get started on the ethnography early, and try to contribute to class discussions, because most of the exams revolved around the interpretations of those readings.
4.5 : Really good, interesting classes - won't regret taking it!
4.0 : Prof. David's class was so interesting and got me thinking about Greek/Roman beliefs and ideals. There are about 6-7 quizzes and a final, which are all done online. You don't really need a book as answers to the quizzes are usually online &amp; a PDF will be given for the 2 in-class assignments in the semester. Easy A and very interesting.
5.0 : This class is an easy A. It's mostly just him talking the entire time, but the stories are interesting. I would for sure recommend taking his class. You don't have to show up to class on the days you have a test because they're online. If you show up and do good on the quizzes, you'll definitely pass with at least a B
5.0 : Go to class to receive credit for showing up. Quizzes/test are online and on quiz/test day there is no class. The main textbook was barely used since it was a lot of reading that I didn't have time for so I found most of the answers are online. In all the class was interesting but also didn't take up most of my time which was fantastic.
4.0 : This class is an easy A. He lectures the whole time and is really into what he is teaching. All of his quizzes are online and when there's a quiz class is canceled. I highly recommend his class he is a very understanding professor and really helpful. There are two books and participation's most of the class along with quizzes.
5.0 : Easy easy a.  Show up, listen to the lectures, take the online quizzes.  There is reading homework but its not hard at all and if you spread it out you usually only have to read like 5 pages a night.  The quizzes are directly from the lectures and reading.   He's very interested in the subject so his lectures are easy to listen to.
4.5 : David is really nice and he is super passionate about Greek and Roman myths. His lectures very helpful that you probably won't need to read to take the quizzes. Class is cancelled when there is a quiz and they are online! Don't get the books you probably won't need them. WON'T WANT TO MISS CLASS!
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class. It was really easy to pass-something that I really liked was that not only were all our quizzes(including the final) on iLearn, but we didn't have to attend class on those days. Mr. Smith is super helpful and really interested in hearing what you have to say. I would absolutely take a class from him again.
3.5 : Very good with his story telling, I would never get bored
3.5 : Professor Smith is pretty entertaining when he "teaches". When he explains parts of mythology he talks as if he's at a party and he's entertaining his guests. If you're looking for a professor  for CLAS260 definitely choose David Smith.
5.0 : David Smith was the most dedicated and passionate professor I've had at SFSU so far. The class was SO much more interesting than I thought it would be and is taught so well by Smith.  I honestly miss this class so much.  Go to class and listen to his lectures and take notes and you'll get an A no doubt. Smith makes everything interesting.
5.0 : Hes honestly one of the clearest, nicest, most reasonable, most interesting teachers Ive ever had. Hes very passionate about what he teaches and he is so knowledgeable. I took this class as a GE and Im so glad I did. The material was so fun and hes a really cool guy. The quizzes are online and open book so its easy to get an A :p
5.0 : Professor Smith is such a laid-back professor! He gives short weekly quizzes online and breaks up the topics over the semester. No class on quiz days! Lectures are really entertaining and he manages to be so casual and comfortable with students. The stories make the class fun, and he's great at explaining them in depth! Definitely an easy class!
5.0 : this prof is super nice! some concepts can be a bit difficult to understand but if you listen well in class and ask questions, you shouls be able to get it. the additional practice problems that he posts online also helps a lot. theres 3 exams with cheat sheets. TIP: put probs on ur cheat sheet and the solutions. really helpful during exams!!
2.0 : If you go to class and pay attention, you won't need the textbook.  Having said that, the textbook did help me prep for exams.  Lecture notes and problems on iLearn help.  Also, his lectures are extremely dry.
4.0 : He has a total of 3 exams. He is super nice and friendly. He is always willing to help and clarify what's confusing.  It's good to always come to class and take notes.
5.0 : Great professor! Take notes, do practice problems and study. He's very sweet and helpful.
3.5 : Honestly, his writing is hard to recognize. Just 3 exams. I never take notes during the class. Before the exam, you just need to spend enough time reading the textbook carefully, then you can achieve a good grade for this course.
4.5 : Great class.  Always willing to help.
5.0 : He really is a good professor and knows what he is talking about. He explains everything very clearly and in a way that students would best understand. Always willing to answer questions. Attendance is not mandatory but you WILL NOT PASS if you tend to skip lectures. Miss one lecture and you'll be thrown for a loop the next lecture.
5.0 : Professor Uday is a great professor!!.. U won't pass if u skip classes. No homework but it helps if you practice those practice problems he assigns. 3 exams only. No curve but he gives you every opportunity to ask questions. He's fair with grades very clear with his lectures. Final was tricky but if you understand the concept you'll be fine.
5.0 : Best class I've taken at SFSU. Prof W cares deeply about students as individuals &amp; gives tons of great feedback. I learned more about how people - especially me - use/are affected by  media than I ever imagined. I wish Prof W taught more classes. Take 301. Invest in the work b/c Prof W refuses to dumb down the class like so many others at SFSU.
5.0 : I love everything about this class and Michelle.
4.5 : Wolf is very passionate about her work. She is very helpful and will help you as long as you take the class serious. She loves speaking with the students so take the advantage to interact with her because she if very helpful. She has a lot of work that is assign but if you do it you'll pass. Dont understand? Go to her office hours.
1.0 : Avoid at all costs. The lectures are simply her rambling about dumb childhood stories and if you disagree with her in any way you're always in the wrong. She doesn't remember half the things she says to students and makes inappropriate jokes constantly. If you like to be interrupted and berated then by all means enroll.
3.5 : Michelle is the life of the party! Her lectures are always interesting, as well as the guest speakers she brings in. There is one big group project thats due at the end of the semester, but Michelle helps you succeed along the way. I wish she would teach more classes as I'd love to take another class with her.
5.0 : I didn't think I'd like the kind of deep introspection that Professor Wolf encourages. I resisted it for several weeks, but when I let go and got into how I think and feel about myself as a media user and a man, I began to see what this teacher and class are about. Now at the end, everything is coming full circle. I'm pretty amazed by this woman.
1.5 : This class gave me unnecessary stress. I am a BECA major and I passed the class, but i did not like it, specifically the GMP. She was confusing, wasn't clear on teaching, and acted like her class was more important than other classes. She expected too much from students who are in other classes or not BECA majors.
5.0 : If looking for a class that u can skate thru with minimal effort, this is NOT the class for you. It is hard work &amp; largely boring, but Wolfe ROCKS! I failed the class but I STILL use info she taught to this very day! She is engaging, funny, sweet, smart, &amp; she honestly cares about her students. She's knowledgeable &amp; WILL help if u put forth EFFORT!
5.0 : The most helpful instructor in the BECA Dept. If she acts like her class is important and really matters - that is because it does. Every professor should think that. Every student should demand that. It gets no better than Dr. Wolf.
2.0 : Stay away from this class. Didn't learn anything, took nothing away from the class at all.   She's a lot to handle for three hours at a time, I've never dreaded a class this much.  The SJMP was pointless, easy but pointless.  Most of the groups made up their answers the day before. BECA offeres better classes with better professors.
5.0 : In a department with instructors who seem to have given very little thought to what they do, Michelle Wolf shines out.  It is clear from day one in her class that she cares deeply about EACH of her students. Moreover, she wants her students to not only do well in this course but learn how to make the world a better place. Wolf is simply THE BEST!
1.0 : The horror stories you hear about Wolf are true. She is inconsiderate of others and she believes that her class should be the only priority in your life. The class itself is easy if you block out enough time to get assignments done.
5.0 : Best class I've taken in ages. Readings/activities are current and relevant, class is well-organized, the GMP is a fabulous project, and Michelle cares about how her students learn,think and feel more than any other Prof I've ever had. Don't miss your chance to study with one of the few profs who refuses to dumb down her class for the masses.
5.0 : Everyone says this or that prof is THE BEST.  But Dr. Wolf really is.  Her lectures are not only very current and engaging, but often sprinkled with humor and humanity.  Take this class!  I would take it again, if I could.  NO ONE IN BECA IS ANY BETTER.  If you think you have had the best, think again.
5.0 : I loved this class and Michelle is fabulous. I learned tons of things that I will continue to use in my work and life. Michelle really cares about her students and teaching them things that really matter. Take anything from Michelle!!
5.0 : I loved this class You should take it.
5.0 : Professor Wolf was my favorite at SFSU and made my time there worth every minute!  I actually looked forward to going to her class.
5.0 : I love Michelle!!! She has to be the best professor I've ever had at SFSU. She is not easy! However, she isnt really hard either. She challenges her students. My writing wasnt so good, but after attending her class and getting help, I learned a lot about writing and grammar. I've never got below a B on a paper again. I LOVE YOU MICHELLE!
1.0 : It is very obvious that Wolf writes her own reviews. She doesn't eve try to make them sound different from one another. Everyone tried warning me about this class but I was stupid and didn't listen. Wolf is awful. She does not lecture, instead she just rambles and yells. This class made my semester a living hell.
2.0 : This class should be offered online. It's #1. pointless and #2. Michelle makes it more difficult than it needs to be. She acts like this is the only class you're taking. Wouldn't recommend to anyone. Especially people who are not BECA majors. Stay away!
3.0 : My biggest complaint is that you have no feedback whatsoever about how you are doing in the class until the grades are submitted at the end.  Turn in a paper, do a presentation, no feedback.
5.0 : Professor Zahar is a good teacher. He has great stories that relate to the class discussion. I highly recommend him.
5.0 : Mr. Zahar is one of the best teachers around at State. He's a Lawyer by day, and teacher by night. You read the case study per chapter and answer the questions as a group and discuss it. He provides you what will be on the Final so all you have to do is study the information. Great teacher. Wish there were more teachers like him.
4.5 : 4 mini presentations, one group midterm, one 3 minute presentation with a final paper. and a final. He will give you around 60 questions in class throughout the semester and test you on 10 of them. Class is mandatory every other week as you will have to find an article and present it in class. Overall easy A if you put in the effort.
5.0 : He's a fun teacher, but still gives you work to do. Took him for a summer class and got through it with ease. Lots of presenting which I suck at, but its better than constant papers. Throws out a lot of jokes so it's not that boring.
5.0 : Summer 2016: Three current events (easy, look up online and talk about it in class, 1 min); Paper &amp; Presentation (3-5 pages, double space, summary of a case selected, 2-3 min presentation); Midterm (group midterm, easy); Final -- throughout the semester, he will give you Q&amp;A to the exam. there will be 60-90 questions(+case). 10 will be picked.
5.0 : I took Zahar for a summer course. He's to the point--lectures by telling you every possible question/definition for the final exam(150-200), then chooses 10 of those for the final. He's funny, interesting; criminal defense attorney, so he has stories. Group midterm, some current events, final presentation + written final. Always let us out early.
2.0 : I really enjoyed his class at the beginning of the semester. I stopped enjoying it after receiving back grossly unfair grades based of his determination of what point allotment he saw fit--no grading scale, no contingency of effort or academic merit--purely what he feels like giving you. I'd say given that there is no point to attend class.
4.0 : Zahar is a cool guy. says some funny things. One group in class midterm. a final paper with presentation for 3 min. no group project. weekly case studies, easy! simple current events assignment every other week. gives the questions for the final so you know exactly what to study. feedback on papers are short and vague. overall super easy seminar.
4.0 : Great teacher. Take her class she is amazing
5.0 : Dana is an AMAZING prof. She is always willing to help and took a lot of time &amp; effort to give good feedback on essays.  Hybrid Course: We wrote about and expanded on one social justice issue of our choice for the entire sem. So, choose a topic you care about! Do not take this class if you have poor time management. Go to class and put in effort!
5.0 : If you are looking for a reading coach this is the right professor to have. She will thoroughly help you come up with good ideas and draft a nice fitting outline that you can follow. Also she cares and wants you to succeed.
5.0 : She really makes sure each individual receives the help they need. She's is a really laid back teacher but make sure you do the work! She is very clear and her grading on essays are very reasonable. She cares about her students and is just an awesome person, not to mention hilarious. Don't skip class!
5.0 : I took her class all the way back of fall 2012. It was also one of my first classes at state and I have to say, she is still one of my favorite professors on campus! Her class is engaging and thought provoking. However, I will always remember her for being so friendly and welcoming. I also credit her class on helping me make 3 new friends!
5.0 : Great teacher. Very nice and genuinely cares about her students. Gives great feedback. Lots of writing, but if you put in the effort, the class is easy. I also liked that she was clear with her opinions and worldview, but respected other views as well (sometimes unusual in professors!).
5.0 : She's an amazing teacher. She's really sweet, replies to email and is understand of your personal life. You can literally turn things in hella late and she'll accept it. She's organized and consistent. Lots of writing but its do-able. She's so nice!! I would take her class again if I could! I totally recommend!
5.0 : After completing medical school and residency, he remains one my favorite lecturers of all time teaching Cellular Neuroscience in a very comprehensive, intelligible and inspirational manner. A teacher of teachers!!
5.0 : You won't need to buy the textbook because all the quizzes are based on his lectures which makes going to class super important. Your grade is based off of quizzes and a midterm and final but he also offers up to 10 percent of extra credit. Overall a great professor!
5.0 : Professor Arrieta is awesome, hes passionate about the material he goes over in class which for me made it an interesting class. I wasnt a history enthusiast prior to this class but this class was pretty cool. He's not big about dates at all. You have weekly quizzes a midterm and a final. He gives you a study guide for the quizzes, midterm, &amp; final
5.0 : Arrieta is a great professor overall and as long as you pay attention and take mediocre notes, you'll be fine. Not once did I open the textbook and I briefly skimmed over the readings.
3.5 : His passion for history is what makes the class awesome! He is very knowledgable of the subject. There are 5-7 quizzes which are easy and he gives you topics to study from. The midterm and final consisted of multi. choice and an essay, which he expects to be 3-4 or 5-7 pgs long depending on which green book you have. Show up and take notes!!!
5.0 : He is a great lecturer and I really enjoyed his class. His tests are fair.  Be sure to take excellent notes and review them before exams.
4.5 : Easy class, don't bother getting the reading materials; since his tests and quizzes are based on his lectures. Take notes, a lot; since he expects that you understand his historical evaluations. Again take notes, a lot.
4.0 : Arrieta is one of the most passionate professors here at SFSU. He knows his stuff and he always looks excited and happy to be teaching. I thought there was no way I was going to get an A in this class because I did pretty terrible on most of the quizzes, but the 10% extra credit helped me a lot. I'd most definitely take him again!
5.0 : cool professor learned a lot and passed. take his class yo
2.5 : He makes you determine on your own what is important based on his lectures and will talk on a topic for awhile in class and then not quiz you on it. no study guides outside the midterm and final. no homework other than reading, he's passionate yes, but does he make it clear what I should pay more attention to? no. 10% extra credit opportunities too
3.0 : His class may be easy, but he frustrates me! The class before the midterm, I asked if we were going to have a midterm review and he said that if I had any questions, I should come to his office hours on Friday despite the fact the midterm was on friday morning and he had afternoon office hours. He also yells in the class and it is not a large class
5.0 : Class is mandatory; takes roll. Lectures are fascinating b/c it was like a history class wrapped around a ethnic studies course. Everything he talks about in his lectures are on his test/quizzes so make sure you don't miss class and take notes. Keep up w/reading which will reinforce the material lectured in class. In all, great class to cover GEs
4.0 : I took his 3-hour long class which sometimes just felt like an overflow of information. Even though it was long I felt the lectures were really interesting, the quizzes really weren't that bad as long as you studied. You don't need the textbook throughout the semester but you will need it for the extra credit he offers.
4.5 : 4 quizzes, midterm, and final. Quizzes are kinda hard and he makes them harder each time so def. study for them! His lectures are literally lectures, so be prepared to stay awake and listen and take notes bcus he doesn't provide them on his power points nor does he write them down. Mult. choice + essay on mid&amp;final. He's very nice and fun tho!
3.0 : This professor, without a doubt, knows his subject very well and you can hear his passion for it in the way he speaks. However, because his lectures are very long, it's easy to not pay attention. His quizzes are worded unclearly and his handwriting is sometimes messy. If you really want a good grade, go to his class. Otherwise, it's confusing.
5.0 : Arturo is a great lecturer and he makes it interesting. 4 quizzes 2 midterms and extra credit at the end of the semester. No homework but lots of reading. Great class for the history GE.
4.0 : No homework, 1 midterm, 1 final, and 6 quizzes. His lectures are sometimes difficult to understand since he doesn't go in depth and on top of that his writing is messy. There is opportunity for extra credit. Just be sure to go over your notes and pay attention to his lectures because sometimes he puts questions about things he talks about in class.
3.0 : He's passionate about the subject, AKA the lectures are a lot of material.  This is the time to learn how to take bomb notes bc that's what the quizzes are based on.  Study guides are given for midterm and final, but its just key terms.  The essay questions are identical to the one on the test.  You can miss two classes, then you lose points.
4.0 : He takes attendance. The class consists of lots and lots of notes, or reading the book, you really only have todo one or the other. Graded material's are in class mc quizzes, they are pretty straight forward but he will try to trick you here and there, a midterm(mc and essay), and a final(mc and essay). He grades fair but you must know the material
5.0 : He was an awesome teacher! Just go to class take notes, study off of those notes. No need for the book, but if you want you could use it to help you study. I couple of quizzes but he tells you what it will be on. A midterm and a final. AND HE GIVES EXTRA CREDIT ! I would totally recommend his class and take any of his other classes.
5.0 : He is dedicated to his material. Lots of notes but all interesting topics. I love history so it wasn't a problem. In order to pass his class just write good notes and study. He also offers extra credit.
3.5 : READ YOUR TEXT BOOK! Seriously! He talks about it in class once, the rest is up to you
5.0 : I really love taking his classes. I took one last semester and found it to be really clear, engaging, and interesting. I decided to take another class this year and I'm really glad I did. He weighs a lot on attendance. His quizzes are pretty easy, I just go over my notes the day before. Definitely recommend!!!
2.5 : Cool guy but I think the reason im not doing so well in this class is because its super boring, never was my thing. I only took it because it was good around my job schedule.
4.0 : Professor Arrieta's class was amazing! He gives really good lectures (although a little boring at times) and it's very information dense. His quizzes are pretty straightforward and the midterm and test are mostly essay based. Lots of chances for extra credit and is pretty generous at grading. Solid choice for your history GE!
5.0 : I wasn't too excited to take his class because it was a 3 hour but it ended up being my favorite class. He is really passionate about history and even though his lectures can be long, it's tolerable. NO HOMEWORK. There are textbooks but you can pass without them. Grades based off tests and quizzes (all off of lectures). Show up &amp; pass. He gives EC
5.0 : Really great professor and was an essay GE class to complete.
5.0 : Great professor. Easy to follow lectures. Go to class and pass. Quizzes are super easy if you go to lecture. Gives extra credit. Midterm is super easy quiz questions with an essay. Again super easy if you follow along in lecture.
5.0 : Best professor I've had. As a senior at SFSU, I can honestly say I haven't seen any other professor with as much passion as him. He's loud and keeps it interesting! Not to mention it is the easiest A I have ever received. No need to buy the books, just show up, write some notes and review your notes before the test. DEFINITELY would take again.
5.0 : His lectures are great and easy to understand. A super nice guy, and also willing to help. My advice is attend every class and take really good notes and to be honest, you can ace the quizes really easily with minimal effort. The midterm and final has a study guide you can follow. Plus he has extra credit in each quiz and extra credit for other .
3.5 : Great professor. All quizzes are based on lecture, so go to class. He gives you a list of what to study before quizzes and is a very easy grader on the midterm. Overall easy and interesting class.
5.0 : Professor Arrieta is a great professor and I can not wait to take him again in the future.
4.5 : The class is easy if you show up every day and take good notes. The quizzes are fair. He gives Extra credit so take advantage of that. Overall, I totally recommend his class.
5.0 : Prof. Arrieta is a great teacher. You don't need the book since his lectures cover everything you need to know. He's very passionate about the subject which helps your learning. Just write everything he writes on the board and you'll pass.
5.0 : The best history professor I have had thus far.  He is very passionate about history and delivers engaging lectures each class. No homework. He assigns reading but  you don't need to do it because the exams are based off the lectures and he offers extra credit.
4.5 : Humor is a bit dry but great class and I learned a lot !
5.0 : Inspirational experience. Brilliant.
5.0 : Great class! Tran is invested in the art culture of San Francisco. The poetry books he assigns are all terrific, specifically Citizen and Whereas, and they're all quick reads. He rotates through the small groups, which are lead by GIA's. His writing assignments can challenging, but good writers require a good challenge. Forreal bro--take his class.
4.0 : Tran's class was fairly easy if you just pay attention. He is very attentive if you don't understand things. You have to write a longer midterm paper and then for the final paper you just add to it. No tests on material except the occasional extra credit test. Very nice and a fairly easy class. Didn't really need to read the book either.
5.0 : He doesnt actualy take atendance but wil notice if yur not ther U wil want to go to class Weekly quizzes on ilearn and the readings are very interesting but if really hate reading just take the quiz while the reading is open and you need only skim 4 presentations 2 on tedtalks 1 life story and da final u make yur own tedtalk easy A. he is the BEST!
5.0 : Prof. Akom is a great professor. He is nice, energetic, and makes you excited about what you are learning. There is a good deal of reading but they are easy, straight forward, and interesting. You take a quiz on each thing you read. It's an easy A if you put in the effort. Also, get ready to present in front of the class a lot.
3.0 : Professor Akom teaches about really important issues in society today, but man his workload is ridiculous! A lot of the work is extremely repetitive as well, seemed like we were reading about the same racist issues each week, it got depressing. Don't take this class if you think its going to be an easy GE course, cause the amount of work was crazy!
5.0 : Antwi Akom is a very intelligent man and the videos that he assigns are  helpful and relatable.  Quizzes every week, 2 discussion forums, 2 miscellaneous assignments, a 5 page midterm and a 5 page final. May sound like a lot but its very do able. Only thing I don't like about the class is that its online. I would like to hear him lecture in person.
3.5 : Write whatever and you'll get an A for it. It's all about writing and not about the quality. Cool dude though. Got style and swagger. Speak up and ramble about the tone and theme. They'll like that. It's fun. It's easy. Take it.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. His lecture can be boring if you don't read the books. If you read and stay engaged, you are likely to get an A.
2.5 : I had him for statics there was a quiz every week. It seemed like a lot of people were not getting the class. not doing well.
3.0 : No homework. That's good and bad. Teaches through projection from tablet with slides that he emails students. However emails don't say which topic so tough to look through many emails. Goes quickly through slides. No time to take notes because he doesn't stay on one slide for long. Don't buy books for class even if he tells you to b/c he doesnt use
4.5 : Don't purchase textbook. The professor has everything in his lecture. Weekly quizzes and he tells you exactly what it will cover from his MANY examples he does in class. He might be the best engineering professor at SFSU and I am glad his emphasis is civil engineer majors. Go to class and you pass!
3.5 : 70% quizes, no midterms. 30% final. Virtually no work outside class. Just take good notes and pay attention. Weekly quizzes are straightforward from what he covers in class. No office hours this semester but there was no need for them, he's very clear in class. Register early because his class fills up FAST.
4.5 : If you don't remember your statics well - this is the section to go for. Prof D'Orazio tells you everthing you need to know in class. However, if you're a student who grasps concepts fast you'll have a lot of downtime. Concepts are repeated over and over again. If you want to learn more Solid Mechanics, consider another section of this class.
5.0 : Awesome professor, one of SFSU's finest. Very clear lectures, fair weekly quizzes, fair grader, and wants everyone to pass. If you don't pass his class, it's your fault because he does everything he can to pass everyone. Amazing guy!
4.0 : Quizzes every week that basically covers everything from previous week's lecture. Does not take attendance but if you want to pass his class with good grades, you need to go to his every lecture.
5.0 : Dr. D'Orazio is a phenomenal instructor. He teaches by example, using well thought-out situations to illustrate concepts. He reduces mathematical proofs to their most basic essence. Instead of the "zillions of equations" method used by so many engineering profs, D'Orazio uses diagrams and illustrations to clearly make his point.
5.0 : Professor D'orazio is exactly how an engineering professor should be. His material is tough but he makes it easy by giving an easy weekly quiz and no midterm. He cuts the final into 3different parts so you don't have to study a lot of material. You really learn a lot of things in his class and at the same time get a good grade. Take as much classes with him as you can.
4.0 : If you're looking for an A D'Orazio is your guy. If you really wanna learn about geotechnical engineering not so much. All he does is giving the steps for solving his quizzes. I don't feel like he has a strong command of his material. Every time someone asks him why do we do this he answers because that's how we do it don't ask me! By the end of the semester you'll have no idea what you're doing but still get an A or an A-. Makes you memorize everything even the pictures in the book. His lecture is boring and worthless. Just study the notes he sends in his emails and you'll be fine. Group projects are longer than the Great Wall of China so say goodbye to social life. Don't be scared from your quizzes grades you will be surprised at the end!
4.5 : Great teacher. Very clear. Will take most of the semester to cover the most important topic of the class, But he loads you with notes the last couple of days of lecture. Very lenient. quiz every week worth 5 points. They don't matter if you get an A on the final.
5.0 : Dr. Dorazio is a great instructor. He is very passionate about the course, very professional and organized, and wants all his students to succeed. He is very helpful and clear when lecturing. If you attend every class and pay attention, it is pretty hard not to end up with an A. Would definitely take him again!
4.5 : He's a very gifted instructor who has a clear and concise way of explaining various topics.  He lectures off of an iPad connected to the projector, and he has outstanding handwriting.  He quizzes (pretty much) once a week.  If you take solid notes it is pretty easy to prepare for the quizzes. He is pretty funny too.   70% Quizzes, 30% final.
4.0 : Usually you have English professors that you will either hate or love. Holland was definitely one I loved! His class was very mind-opening and really did help me as a writer. I worked pretty hard to earn an A- so I was ecstatic when that's what I got in the class. He is a harsh grader but eases up as the semester goes. Deff take him!
5.0 : Professor Holland is an excellent English teacher. I hate English classes but he made writing papers  really practical and interesting. He will show you how to write a proper research paper. Take this class!
5.0 : Starts out seeming unmanageable and tons of work, at first I thought he was a little odd. But through the semester he created a great class environment and as long as students are involved its a great class. Attendance is mandatory, but worth it. One of my favorite teachers. Take his class!
4.5 : Ive never been greater writer, and of course have always hated essays, but he was a great help and really helped me improve my writing. He does give a lot of homework, but if you keep up with it you're fine. If you don't, he still tries and  work things out with you, you just have to talk to him. He definitely doesn't want people to fail.
4.5 : An online-based course. Learned how to blog. Kind of learned APA formatting. Interesting course and learned a lot, but felt it would have been more effective to simply learn in a more formal writing environment. That being said, he is very communicative and thorough. If you put in the work you will get an A. Do the homework on time.
4.0 : If you are willing to learn how to improve your writing, then this class is for you. Starting out you may get you a little intimidated when you hear the course requirements, but honestly he is extremely helpful. Only 3 essays the entire semester, its your choice. Not an easy A, but you will learn alot in this class along the way.
5.0 : Professor Holland has helped me thorought this course even though we met only once a week(rest was online). The class is easy and should be an easy A where you do most of your work on an online program called EliReview.
4.0 : If you do not really care about English, I don't know if he is the professor for you. He is very passionate about English and expects his students to be nearly as passionate. This class was a lot of work, but when it is all said and done I learned a ton about writing from professor Holland. In my opinion, it was worth it.
3.0 : This class seems to be all over the place. He often talks about politics and thinks everyone values his opinion but they don't. They just think he will grade them better if they respond to his antics. I can't remember much about the material he taught since he focused on current events in an English class.
4.0 : Online based class - at first met three times a week, then twice, then once until the class went fully online. Interesting and quirky professor, tough grader, pretty blunt but overall good teacher. Be prepared to "do something every day." His focus on feedback throughout the semester was good for improving writing. Attendance counts!
5.0 : Professor Holland will improve your writing!
3.0 : Professor Holland isan interesting teacher. He is cool later on in the semester because he gets use to you. He isn't hard but its just a lot of work and time consuming. I would recommend him.
4.0 : If you're willing to work hard you should take his class.  He is a tough grader that will doc you on points if you don't turn in the assignments online.
5.0 : Professor Holland was really great. I took his hybrid class, I slipped up on a few assignments and he willingly extended the date. He's kind of quirky and laid back. Really enthusiastic about learning and writing. The course is a lot of work but it's doable. You need to be able to manage time and meet due dates.
2.0 : was an online class yet he forces you to turn in something almost EVERYDAY online, instead of doing assignments on your own time there is a forced schedule. daily homework, one small midterm reflection, and a semester-long research paper due at the end of the term but you work on it weekly. you must participate daily to get a good grade...
3.5 : Zero homework, therefore grade is solely determined on the exams and lab grade. Lectures are interesting. I enjoyed the topics covered in this class. Desjardin knows his materials really well even though he pretty much read from his powerpoint slides. The exams were tough and you have to memorize a lot, but this is biology so that is nothing new.
5.0 : Dennis taught the first half of Plant Evolution and Diversity. He is super organized, has very clear expectations, and is a reasonably entertaining lecturer. Tests are very clear cut with no surprises, although be prepared to memorize a lot of material for this class. He appreciates students who work hard.
4.0 : Desjardin is VERY knowledgable on his subjects but expects you to know just as much as he does.. Even though you are an animal person and hate plants and fungi, he tests like you are intrigued with it so study hard for his portion of the tests. MEMORIZE EVERY LITTLE DETAIL OF THE PHYLOGYNIES!!! and do NOT cram whatsoever.
4.0 : He taught the lecture portion of this class; he would add some jokes here and there during lecture to keep it entertaining, &amp; you could tell he really does enjoy what he's teaching. The class had no hw, so your grade mainly depends on the exams which are usually true/false, multiple choice, fill in the blanks, &amp; word match.
5.0 : Fantastic professor. Knows a lot about near all aspects of botany (although he is a mycologist). Amazing resource, and willing to make adjustments for you if you talk to him in his office. Very eager to answer questions beyond the scope of the course, but won't stop talking until he's exhausted every tangent related to your question. Take him.
4.0 : He was a good professor! He's really knowledgeable. One really needs to study for his tests because there is a lot of information needed to be remember especially for the plants. I recommend going to every lecture even though all the slides are online. He provides a lot more information that will be on the test.
4.0 : Very knowledgable. His powerpoints are great, but I still recommend going to his lectures. You must study the material to pass. He will answer any and all the questions you have. I enjoyed his lectures, and  I like how nerdy he is; He will make you laugh fairly often. I would definitely take him again. Highly recommend him.
4.0 : You don't need the textbooks.  Pay attention to the lectures, he covers everything you need for the exams.  Easy grader, just do the work.
4.5 : If you actually want to get an A in this class, you have to put in effort. Showing up to lectures, taking good notes and answering the study guides really helped me for tests (aced all of them). For the papers he assigns, answer the questions in the same order they're prompted in the instructions. I didn't really read the book, but I took notes.
4.5 : He'll check if you understand the concept and know how to use the truth tables right. He;ll answer your questions if needed and tries to find a way to clarify the chapter. No tricky stuff. One quiz each week and a paper for the finals.
4.5 : Professor Lund is awesome! His lectures are straight to the point, but make sure to take lots of notes since the tests are note based rather than book based. The textbook is rarely used, unless for study guides. This is a pretty easy class, I enjoyed!
3.0 : I went to class everyday but didn't pay attention. Lectures were review for the first 12 hour then another 12 hour of new material they're boring but he gets the info out clearly. To ace this class either already know HS bio but know the deadlines! or Really focus on the material!  Forming groups for the study guides makes life SO much easier
4.5 : Extremely easy A as long as you complete the test study guides (basically  exactly what he lectures) and complete the online practice tests. Test questions come straight from those. He drops your lowest test and has two essays which are pretty straightforward. I recommend reading the book too, pretty simple and helpful. Had him at 8AM and loved it!
4.5 : Great teacher always willing to help, he has two very easy essays, and the tests are easy to do as long as you go to the lectures and pay attention. He was a very nice and caring teacher who wants you to succeed. You don't have to attend lectures and you could pass by getting a friends notes. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Hands down my favorite Biology teacher of all time. Easy to talk to. Easy grader. Took both his classes and aced both. Must put in effort with taking notes in class and doing the study guide reviews. Those will help a lot since the concepts will be on the test. Get to know him! Great guy.
5.0 : Professor Lund is a great lab instructor. He'll try his best to make everything as clear as possible, and he is very easy-going. He honestly wants everyone to succeed, and has clear guidelines to help you earn an A. I would recommend Professor Lund to anyone and everyone, he's truly a one-of-a-kind.
5.0 : Professor Lund's class is a little hard to get an A after all you need to work for your grade in order to earn it. The study guides are very lengthy and beware of his tests since there are trick questions that that tests your memorization of in depth information. However, he's a cool guy with a good sense of humor once you get to know him.
4.0 : Caliente! Caliente!  Soothing Voice
4.5 : Fantastic professor. He curves tests if he notices many people struggled, he tells personal stories that relate to the material which makes it very engaging, he makes the atmosphere very open for questions and seems like he really wants his students to succeed. I've had him two semesters now for different classes. Great teacher and person!!
3.0 : Ridiculous study guides, way too long to do in one night. Tests are based off mainly study guides. I hate bio more than ever because of this guy. He's a nice person but the work load is not worth it.
3.0 : Prof. Lund was not very clear with many assignments. He curved some things. He makes you go see the guest speaker who is the author of the textbook that he assigned. He canceled class one minute before it started. The course material was mind-numbingly boring. Prepare to fall asleep and/or be frustrated every class. It's not worth taking at all.
5.0 : Lance is absolutely adorable. He makes the material relateable  and looks good doing it. Total nerd. Class consists of a couple of quizes you can repeat to get an A, as well as three larger tests, one 10 page paper (mandatory in all courses like this) along with a presentation. If you want to learn something new, take him. He's dreamy 3
3.0 : His voice is probably the most boring thing I've ever heard. He only has one tone and its hard to focus every time you're in class
5.0 : You don't need the textbook as long as you attend class and the tests aren't hard if you pay attention. The papers were okay.
4.0 : I LOVE Lund. He's probably my favorite professor at SFSU that I've had so far, hands down. He's extremely intelligent and nice, always taking questions without making you feel stupid. He curves the exams, and you get unlimited retakes on the online quizzes. There is a group project/10 pg. research paper but he makes it very painless. 100% recommend
2.5 : This is a class for Disease lovers. The professor talks very fast because he wants to give you all the information possible. He loves his powerpoint lectures and if you decided to miss class, well than good luck! At first this class seem easy but when the test, Midterms and Finals came, one week of studying isn't enough to pass this class.
5.0 : Very helpful and approachable. All he does is lecture, unless someone interrupts for questions. You didn't need to read the text book. His lecture notes are extensive and sufficient. He gives good study guides
5.0 : Great Professor, I absolutely loved going to him 8 a.m class. Highly recommend, just come to class, take notes and study for the test and it's an easy B+ to A-. Curves fairly.
4.5 : Prof Lund really cares about his students and wants whats best for them. He curves his tests and uses 2 methods to calculate your grade, then goes with the one that gives you the highest. Very engaging and interesting lectures. (3) Tests were kinda hard, the 2 papers were easy though. Attendance not mandatory but you'll miss a lot of material.
4.5 : This guy is passionate for biology but isn't the best about going over relevant information during lectures. Most classes are him talking about something totally non related to what will be on the test for 20-40min, then finally doing a lecture with notes. Class is curved so a 84% is an A. Sorta have to teach yourself to do well on the test
3.0 : Lund was good if you like the topic, but to be honest I wasn't totally interested. There was a group project, two in-class tests, and one online midterm. We also wrote an easy paper and wrote a journal. Not too tough, and lance is a cool guy.
2.0 : Lecture/note heavy! You must attend class and take notes! Very boring for those not interested in biology. It is very easy to get lost during lectures. Study guides extremely long! Each question is typically anywhere from 5-10 questions, so the study guides are even longer than they appear. Boring class, hard to learn from, friendly teacher.
3.0 : Lectures are online. No attendance taken. 2 in class exams, 1 take home and 1 paper. Book isn't required because his 20 page study guides are dense with the answers already. Showed up to less than half the classes and still did well. Good class to get the "ES Overlay" done with. Easy A. Very lenient on late work too. Nice guy. Take it.
3.5 : If you want a super simple class, this is the class for you. As long as you do the study guides, you're good. We had two papers and as long as you follow the directions, you will get a good grade. Super easy class. He takes notes in class so all you have to do is copy the down and you're good.
5.0 : Super nice, helpful, knowledgeable and interesting. Made the labs so much fun, and was a fair grader. I learned a ton, and felt like I could retain the information with the way he presented the material. He's cute, too! Crush-worthy :)
4.0 : Great professor be sure to do the study guides they are basically the test he grades on a curve so it helps. Pay attention during lecture and take good notes. 3 midterms, 2 essays, and a final all the tests are m/c but becareful some questions are tricky. Overall great class I recommend taking him!
4.0 : Barely showed up and passed this class with an A. When I did show up, though, I found Professor Lund's lectures were pretty interesting and he is very knowledgable. Pretty cool guy to have for an 8AM class. Two short, easy papers and three exams. You'll pass if you do the few assignments and review study guides he provides for tests.
4.0 : He is a great teacher! kinda boring but an easy A, took him over the summer and had 3 midterms 1 final got to even do some of them as group test! Just study the study guide for the test and youll pass the class. Test are usually about 30-40 questions no hw! Curves the grades so much its crazy but very good especially if you dont really do well.
4.0 : Professor Lund is a very nice man who wants his students to learn the very best of the content. At the beginning of class, he may talk about something random that relates to class or to students. Then, he lectures, but they are not boring at all! He is a very respectful man who doesn't force students to speak if they don't answer. TAKE HIS CLASS!!!
5.0 : A gem. Sometimes you just find those professors that really know what they are teaching and their class truly stick with in life. Lance Lund is one of those.
5.0 : Lance is one of the best professors at State. The lab was a lot of work, but it wasn't overwhelming. The quizzes were straight forward and the project wasn't hard at all. Show up and pay attention and you should easily get an A.
5.0 : Had Lund for Bio100 and barely showed up, and still ended up with a B+. While I wasn't there much, when he isn't going on about something unrelated (which is not often) the lectures are very informative and cover most of what is on the test. The key to Lund's class is notes + study guide + online tests. Minimal effort is needed to get a good grade.
5.0 : Lance is the freaking man. Doesn't matter the subject, I guarantee that he'll have you interested. 3 exams and 1 paper and a powerpoint presentation but no homework. Fasho would take again.
3.5 : Overall not a bad class. Professor Lund is a easy professor. Just show up for class, do some readings every now and then, study your textbook, and have a couple of friends in that class. He has mild tests and two easy papers, but a comprehensive final. I recommend reading as much as you can, because everything will be easy and breezy.
4.0 : I was enrolled in Professor Lunds 3 hour class once a week. Even though it was a long class his lectures were super informative and critical for a good grade in his class. He does not take attendance but for your own sake youd want to go. Dont bother buying the book because you dont need it, his lectures are in-depth enough. Great class!
4.0 : Lund is a nice and knowledgeable professor. His lectures were ok - some of the material was difficult for me. Tests seemed hard but he curved them. There is a 10 page research paper (more manageable than it sounds) and a group presentation. All in all, quite a bit of work for GE, but a decent class.
4.0 : I skipped more than half of his lectures, and I'm still doing well in his class. When I did sit in, those lectures did nothing but help me, so I don't recommend skipping, but sitting in isn't mandatory. Lance is a really nice guy and he's lenient with the deadlines. Just keep up with the readings and the lectures and get help if you're overwhelmed.
3.5 : I really like him, but I'm not a bio major so I found this class very challenging. Basically: if youre good at bio I'd recommend him. However, if you want to just take this for segment 3, do not take him
5.0 : I showed up to every class this semester and showing up definitely helped with his exams. Exams aren't difficult at all as long as you study. 2 papers. 4 exams. Great lectures, down-to-earth guy. I'd recommend him to everyone.
3.5 : Boring lectures, extensive material and often went off topic. Gives study guides for each test  (3 midterms and a final) all multiple choice. 2 short essays. Not an easy pass buy probably a lot better off than some other teacher. I rarely went to class and got high B's on the tests.
4.0 : If you need help go see him during his office hours, he tries to be there for his students. He will answer questions you have about a study guide and will email you back. He is good at clarifying concepts and questions about the assignments. 3 exams, 1 comprehensive final. It is a large class, I suggest you join a study group and do studyguides!
4.0 : Every class is the same. You sit down and take notes and thats it. Skipped a couple classes and still came out with an A. Whole semester there is two papers, three tests, and a final that make up for your grade. Nice guy. Easy A. Didn't use the book once so don't bother.
4.0 : He is very good at explaining and his lectures are easy to understand. The textbook is not essential for this class but it does help before tests. Other than that, his class is easy with  not  many tests and papers.
5.0 : I love this amazing and handsome teacher, if you want to live healthy take his class, you will learn really healthy and extremely useful things in your life, he will help clear your mind from bad foods, so he is the best, super , super... I am really, really happy that I took his class. 4 exams, and 2 paper not that much hard, he is not hard grader
2.0 : He spends more time talking about politics rather than the material in hand, can be condescending to anyone who doesn't have the same political opinion and treats the students like children. If you need to be in his classes I suggest making friends with people to get notes because the lectures aren't necessary.
4.5 : Loved this class! It was not too difficult, the final is a breeze if you  complete the study guide, and the mini quizzes are not too hard either. Attendance is not mandatory but it helps with the quizzes.  If you need help, ask him, he's really nice and funny. Lecture can get a bit boring, but its ok. It's an easy science GE. Take it
5.0 : Dr. Cochlan is a great professor! Although this was a large lecture class, he really knew how to interact with students and make them feel appreciated. If you pay attention (sit in the front), take notes, and attend every class, getting a good grade wont be too hard. This class wouldn't have been the same without him. Thank you Dr. Cochlan :)
4.5 : Dr. C's BIO 160 class was easy to understand and very interesting. Be prepared though, the class is quite difficult because he is ultra-knowledgeable in the subject and will test you hard on it. But overall it's a great class.
5.0 : Attendance is not mandatory but he gets butt hurt when he sees it. He is extremely passionate about his job and enjoys talking about marine life, especially about plankton. He recommends students to rent his textbooks but going to class is good enough. His quizzes are extremely easy but for his test, you have to study. He TRIES to be very funny.
4.5 : Can't wait until September. Hear that this guy is great.
5.0 : Dr. Cochlan is very knowledgeable and funny. Class is not mandatory, however, it will impact your grade severely because his lecture slides are not posted online. His class has several quizzes that occur every two to three weeks and two tests. In addition to this, he has a research paper that is at minimum five pages. 85% in his class is an A.
5.0 : He is a great professor and I would love to take his class again. He gives around 6 quizzes and drops the lowest score, one midterm that is 50 multiple choice and 5 essay questions, and that style is repeated for the final. Great class great professor.
5.0 : Dr. Cochlan classes are all lectures. Attendance is not mandatory but going to class and taking notes are very helpful/ needed for weekly "pop" quizzes (he tells you when the quiz will be), 1 mid term and the final. All quizzes are based off the notes. No office hours but answers all questions completely during or after class. Funny and super nice
4.0 : looking forward to class tonight.  Had to choose between economics and marine biology and this is cool.  Like watching Discovery Channel.
5.0 : he will tell you if there will be quiz and the quiz is super easy. gotta come to lecture since theres no textbook. likes to throw jokes
5.0 : hes awesome ok take him easy passable class for ge credit
5.0 : He was fantastic and funny, has lots of stories that somewhat relate to what we are learning. Attendance is not mandatory, but it is recommended because notes aren't posted online. Don't buy the book, the midterm and final are really easy.
4.5 : 80% is an( A-). His who class is just lecture with powerpoint, however, he won't post the powerpoint on ilearn. Copy the notes fast. He goes off topic but the stories are funny and interesting. Do the research paper ASAP, EX credit for turning it in early.
5.0 : I was nervous to take a science class since I have struggled in the past but Dr. Cochlan is very intelligent, funny and approachable. I would recommend his class to anyone. Attendance is not mandatory, he always tells you when there will be a "pop quiz". The midterm/paper/final were simple and fairly easy.
5.0 : Dr. Cochlan is  a great teacher and truly knows Marine Biology. He makes the course easy to understand. Follow his instructions and you will do well in the course!
5.0 : Professor Astren is one of the hardest teachers I have had, but I am taking another class of his next semester. He really knows what he is taalking about and speaks about it in a way that makes it compelling.
5.0 : Professor Astren is a tough professor but his lectures are compelling.
5.0 : This is the best class I have ever taken. I really don't understand how anything this man says can be construed as confusing. I have never had a teacher engage me so completely and for 3 hours no less!
5.0 : Easiest class ever taken. Kick-ass teacher.
5.0 : Ramon is a very helpful and nice professor. Pay attention in class as he does tell you what will be on the midterm and the midterm is not hard at all. Ramons lectures are very interesting and he made a 2 hour class extremely enjoyable. There is a group project but its easy as long as you have good teammates so pick the right people in your group.
5.0 : Professor Ramon is amazing. He will go extra mile to ensure his students learned the materials and help them understand if there is any further question. Very helpful and highly recommended. Learned a lot. I have so much respect for him.
5.0 : Mineralogy.  Chas was quite phenomenal in his knowledge of the field, and with everything it tied into (virtually all of geology and a lot of others subjects).  It was one of the few classes that emphasized the science.  Very difficult but rewarding.   Also, material that I remember and use still today.   Moon Rx -awesome.
4.5 : Geology of Other Worlds - Geology of the moon and inner (rocky) planets.  A great GE course.  Chas taught it from a JPL perspective, with a lot of knowledge of the inner workings of the space program.  When people ask me what up there that we don't have here?  I say Ti, in large amounts.  Also no water.  And yes I've seen the rocks.
5.0 : Sedimentology, S-85 - Teamed with John Galehouse to teach the class.  (John  focused on lect, Chas on lab)   It was basically a graduate class (more demanding that many grad classes I've taken).  I think it was given only once.  It was also one of the most "scientific" classes I had in geol.  I still use the material today.
5.0 : A lot of the work in Dr. Walsh's class was outside of the classroom. The lectures were intriguing, but most of the time was spent going over what we read and presentations, do the assignments! I did enjoy his class, I do feel as though this class helped me identify areas of improvement in my life. All in all, I would recommend him!
5.0 : She's charismatic and fun, along with understanding. What's not to like?
4.0 : She's quite a character! Best choice for the course, I would say. If it wasn't for her, I wouldn't have fallen back in love with writing. What I love the most is that she always gives feedback to students when she hands back papers. Her extra credit consists of students reading their piece aloud. She's very supportive. I adore her.
5.0 : Inspired me to become a creative writing major. Very passionate and outgoing in a sweet way. She incorporates a lot of theatre aspects in the class. If you have a major that involves english or writing or speaking I recommend this class.
5.0 : Professor Galjour is one of the best Creative Writing professors at San Francisco State University!  I took her 513 GWAR class back in the fall of 2015 and I have had a class with her ever since.    If it wasn't for Professor Galjour, I wouldn't be the writer I am today.   Take her class before you graduate!  You won't regret it.
5.0 : SHE IS AMAZING. TAKE THIS CLASS &lt;3
5.0 : Anne is an amazing and passionate professor! After taking her GWAR class, I've taken almost all of her classes that involves playwriting and has inspired me to try my hand at it. If you're majoring in CW, I HIGHLY recommend taking at least one of her classes. You'll learn so much from her.
5.0 : The most passionate, encouraging, and helpful professor I have ever had. He really pushes you to step out of your comfort zone and try to techniques. He is very nice and understanding, but expects you to be on time and in class. He really helped my gain the confidence to take my art to the next level.
4.5 : Mario is very passionate about what he does and loves to help and teach new things to his students. He actually cares about his students growth and knowledge in the class and he gives positive feed back. To actually get an A in this class you have to show up and do you work but other then that getting a good grade in this class wasn't hard.
5.0 : Mario is passionate about students researching and going through with their ideas. Thoughtful, concise and a great mentor.  He is amazing!
5.0 : Professor Wyatt was one of the nicest/sweetest professors I have ever had. She truly cares about her students. The class was extremely easy and was never stressful at all. Two 5 page papers and 2 exams which are super simple and straightforward if you go to class. A great choice for Segment III.
5.0 : please give Prof. Wyatt a better classroom!!! she is an awesome teacher with a smile on her face at all times. even with the large amount of students in class she does her best to engage all students in class discussions. two major exams and two critical paper. class material was also fun and you actually learn a lot about arts!!!
5.0 : Professor Wyatt is the best I have had so far! Although lectures were pretty long, they were really interesting there was always a video or movie to watch for half of the class. There's 2 papers due and 2 tests due, but they are extremely easy! It's hard to fail them! Easy A, great class for a GE! Would recommend to everyone! She's amazing!
2.5 : Professor Wyatt is one of the nicest teachers around but her lectures are really long and boring. There are two three paged essays in which you will critique an art piece and two multiple choice exams. Class is easy to pass even if you're not paying attention. No book needed and she reviews before the exams.
5.0 : Very easy class. Two papers and two tests. There is a lot of reading, but if you pay attention during lecture, you will pass easily. If you're looking for an easy seg 3 class, this is it.
3.5 : This was an evening class, 3 hours long one day a week. Often she will go three hours straight with no breaks. Long lectures, dry information. 2 exams and 2 papers. Straight forward. Would take again.
4.5 : LOVED HER!! Such an amazing professor and interesting class. I didn't even buy the texts, just show up to class and take notes. If you do that you are guaranteed to pass. Class consists of two 3.5 pages, a midterm, and a final.
5.0 : His class is pretty easy. I did even bother buying the book for this class.  All the answers to his quizzes and test are on the handout he gives to us in class. Attendance is mandatory cuz the class is once a week but right after you  sign in take the handout(he has it online to)you could pretty much just go home.
5.0 : Professor Li is probably the best professor I've ever met. He is always well prepared and he's definitely very knowledgeable in his field. The subject itself is a very difficult subject but he makes it as easy as possible. For those who skip classes and want an easy A, this is not the class for you. Pay attention to his lectures and you'll be fine.
3.5 : Horton is funny and energetic. She cares about students improving as speakers. I wouldn't recommend buying the textbook. I didn't and still got a B on the midterm just by looking at the notes. She rarely gives A's on speeches, but the class is still easy to pass.
5.0 : Professor Horton was beyond great. In the end, her goal is to help you improve as a public speaker and is willing to help make that happen.  I'm a huge goofball which I exemplified through my speeches. She encouraged my silliness completely. Highly recommend her.
5.0 : Very great communications instructor. Horton makes the class easy to understand, relatable to the individual, and also applicable to other endeavors -- as expected. Her expectations of your PowerPoints are seemingly odd, however. But she does go over guidelines of what to expect through out the course. Incredibly laid of for success! I recommend.
4.0 : Good teacher but I didn't like how she assigned so many speeches. 1 narrative (super easy), 1 oral interpretation (memorize and restate word for word (stupidest speech ever)), 1 group informative speech (kinda fun, but she's very nit-picky on how she wants everything which was annoying), 1 persuasive speech, and 1 impromptu speech.
4.0 : Horton is an awesome professor and this class is such an easy A. You don't need to buy the textbook because she does slides on it in class anyway so just take notes. The speeches are easy but do require some work, not impossible though. Would def take her again.
5.0 : No better example of amazing public speaking then from this teacher!   Dynamic lectures, fun teacher, the work isnt easy but the grading is fair.   Open source book FTW!
5.0 : Professor Horton is lovely and we had a very difficult class. Many of the students were not committed and did not work very hard. Some of the topics are difficult and emotional. You must follow directions to earn A's. She mostly wants you to think critically. You will do well if you come to class, show up on time, and do the work.
5.0 : Excellent Professor. Cares. Thoughtful feedback and she is always there to help if you are nervous about public speaking.
4.5 : This was my favorite class of the semester. It was soooo fun! Professor Horton is very caring and is always available for help. I would recommend this class to students who are not afraid to do acting stuff, because that is what we mostly did the whole semester. If you try your best and put effort into your work, then you'll pass.
4.5 : Kowsar was hands-down one of my favorite professors at SF State. He's pretty insane and has a lot of passion for the subject. GO TO CLASS!!! MEMORIZE YOUR LINES!!! If you miss more than two classes, he asks you to withdraw from the class or get a grade no higher than a C.
4.5 : A genius in every way. I recently went back to an old school to help kids do monologues, and I found myself just *channeling* Kowsar. He's TOUGH but he's amazing. Not easy to please. Class is exhausting (all the time physically, sometimes even emotionally). If you don't go to class, you will NOT pass -- 3 absences will get you less than a C.
4.0 : He is SUPER intense. Tiny bald old Persian man. He's more like a football coach than a teacher, he'll really push you. Not very sympathetic. Attendance is MANDATORY. Also LOTS of exercise in this class. It was really exhausting, and the projects weren't that fun, but I did become really close with my classmates which was cool.
5.0 : Amazing man. Working in his class was transformative, and the acting lessons I've taken will stick with me forever. Just REALLY tough and not very clear... be prepared for really stressful group work and throat-cutting feedback. But still, amazing professor. TAKE him if you can! (3+ absences will get you lower than a C, btw) WEEEEEP!!!
1.0 : Sorry, not a good teacher. She has no patience to teach.
5.0 : Great teacher!! Very organized method of teaching how to write a research paper. Three 5-7 page papers on same topic which are put together at the end for the final paper. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Betsy Blosser is a fantastic professor, and I'm lucky to have had her before I graduated. She brought in a guest speaker about every other week, and isn't too much of a harder grader, but can spot BS assignments. If you genuinely want to get something out of her class, you will do fine.
4.5 : Blosser is super nice. She really knows her stuff and wants to make sure you actually learn something. Show up to class and do the papers, which are graded pretty easily. She doesn't take attendance but does know who's there and who isn't. The book is next to useless btw, I read it like 3 times. I highly recommend taking one of her classes.
4.0 : I really like Prof. Blosser. She is very helpful. She's funny and her class is more like a discussion. However, her lectures can sometimes be very boring and repetitive. I would definitely take her again, but I do not recommend taking her if you are not in a liberal arts major--you will have difficulty with the thirty-page paper due at the end.
5.0 : I love Professor Muranaka , he is awesome! He gives his students clear instruction on what to do and what he expect. One oral presentation, and by the end of the semester you could choose either to write a 15 pages essay or to take a in class exam. It is an easy A as long as you complete all the work, can come to class late! Easy A!!!
5.0 : MURANAKA SENSEI IS MY MOST FAVORITE PERSON IN THE WORLD. I REALLY TRIED TO COMPREHEND THE MEANING OF LIFE.
5.0 : Best professor in sfsu Very nice, can miss a class and go to class late and still pass the class. He is very organized as well. As long as you regarding, there's a easy A!
3.0 : Be ready for lots of personal anecdotes. The study guides and book readings are straightforward but not engaging. Test questions were hard to understand with no review afterward. VERY few students got As. One big paperproject at the end with some extra credit offered.
4.0 : Drew is an enthusiastic teacher that is easy to follow and work with. I DO NOT recommend his night class though because his scheduling and control of the class easily gets uncontrollable and out of hand.
3.0 : His class pretty much consists of 1 essay that you work on creating throughout the semester broken down into parts (Intro, Thesis, Body, and Conclusion). He is very strict about grammar and will peg you for any mistakes but allows you to do revisions. Make sure you go to his office hours to talk to him about your essay so you know what to do on it.
4.0 : He's a great teacher with very few assignments but he grades hard and you need to do your stuff done.
2.0 : I picked this teacher because of all the good reviews, but I completely disagree. Drew is unorganized &amp; confusing. Most of the material was irrelevant, repetitive, and a waste of time. I am an exceptional English student, but I ended up with a B- in the class. Everyone in my class seemed to dread the material as well. I wouldn't recommend.
4.0 : If you actually show you care for the class it helps him feel like theres a reason to teach you. Over all he does care for the students but you need to put in the work that is needed. GO TO OFFICE HOURS. theres no quizzes or tests just a huge essay that is IMPORTANT. nice guy!
4.5 : He's very concerned about his students. If you have questions, he'll be more than happy to help you out. He's always there whenever i need help and he gave us a little extension on our paper. I love this guy!! Very considerate!
3.5 : I took Drew's 214 class and it was definitely a lot tougher than I expected it to be. Go to his office hours!!!! Do the reading and participate, he is definitely a tough grader. be prepared to work for your grade and dont skip on class.
5.0 : He really cares about his students and focuses on the fundamentals of writing. Not many essays and quizes/tests. A fair amount of homework. Handwriting is a bit hard to read at times.  Has a sense of humor. Can only miss up to 3 classes. There are some group works.
2.0 : Drews class is supposedly the most advanced level of English at SFSU, and we all had to write essays and be placed in that level based on skill. That being said, we spent an entire semester on middle-school sentence level writing. It was not only boring, but I didnt learn or improve any skills. The class was a massive waste of time and money.
3.0 : Drew is a great person overall. He is very lenient and very understandable. However as a professor, he is very confusing and his expectations are very high. His teaching was very difficult and would change his mind a lot on what he expected on the essays.
1.5 : Martin is a really nice and relaxed guy however I did not enjoy his class. I felt like most of the time there were pointless and his instructions were really confusing. He is a tough grader and the class itself didn't really have much structure.
3.0 : Really nice guy. His grading is a little tough to get used to.
4.5 : Michael is a super nice guy. He's solely concerned with good writing. If you spend time on your papers, you'll surely get an A. Nothing really went on in the classclassroom itself (people just talked for an hour). 4 papers which you can write on virtually anything and do unlimited revisions (you submit them all online). Take his class 2 rite gud.
3.0 : Professor Halligan is a pretty nice and understanding guy and his tests are pretty easy if you study. The term paper is kind of a pain, but it's doable. He has a bit of a stutter, which can make things hard to understand at times.
5.0 : Any class taught by Professor Halligan I take,  expect the same in all his classes.  Weekly journals, a group project, maybe one individual project, easy tests and a final that covers what was on the prior exams  Easy A,  you can get a B if you dont pay attention or ask for help.  Good guy, he will work with you just work with him.  TExtbook needed
3.0 : Very boring. He's a nice guy, but the subject matter would be boring no matter who taught it. He really likes group work, and group discussion, so beware! His tests are easy and there is a group project at the end. Only take if you want an easy A, but don't expect to learn anything interesting
5.0 : Awesome teacher ever! I highly recommend him! He gives the best feedback! This is my 3rd class with him! Go to study sessions for the exam! they help
4.5 : I loved this class and Halligan! He loves teaching and tries his best to make the class interesting and engaging. He expects you to participate, so come to class prepared. He is really nice and wants his students to succeed. He does have a bit of a stutter, so lectures can go kind of slow, but you don't notice it after a while.
4.0 : He is an easy grader and cares about his students. It's fairly easy to get an A as long as you follow his guidelines.
4.5 : Pretty cool teacher. If you show up and pay attention to the lecture its pretty much impossible to fail. What to expect? Two quizzes, mandatory attendance, group discussions, monthly journals on each class (very simple), and a group project. Warning: The people you form as your home group is your group project. CHOOSE WISELY. I had a great group!
5.0 : He's a nice guy. Very understanding and kind. He's old school though and he does not post any lectures on iLearn.  The material is tough but he makes it easy, although he goes on a tangent a lot.  He's big into group work and group projects!
5.0 : Jim is such a nice guy I would 100% recommend him for GWAR. I found his class to be easy but don't get me wrong we had 3 other writing assignments on top of the main essay as well as quizzes and reading assignments. You can easily ask him for help if you're struggling. You also need to use the textbook.
3.0 : Halligan was okay. It was based off two tests, attendance, a group project, and reflections. He has his TAs grade most everything and grading seems to be subjective with no clear criteria. Some classmates noticed a subtle decline in their reflection scores due to no apparent reason. The class isn't super informative, but he's nice enough.
3.5 : Pretty easy. Just attend class and make sure you study what's on the study guide for the test. If you understand the basic concepts you'll do just fine. Easy grader and super chill.
5.0 : Professor definitely knows his stuff!!!! Love his class, hate his grading scale of 150 overall points. With low total points, should add a few extra credit points. HATE HATE HATE GROUP WORK. GREAT TEAAAACHER You don't have to purchase the book and can just use detailed lecture notes. Book is available at the SFSU library so no need to purchase
4.0 : Halligan is a very good teacher who is interested in his students learning how to write up to the standards of a Psychology professional.  Be on time, so you don't miss any quizzes.  Try to participate; it makes the class interesting for you if you do.  Ask questions on anything you don't understand, he is very willing to help.
5.0 : This professor is the best Astronomy/Physics professor I have ever had. She is passionate about the subject and makes things extremely fun. The class is not easy though. If you take her class you will learn a ton of stuff. She tries to instill a real way of learning. AMAZING professor!
5.0 : Professor Fahey is amazing! Math doesn't come easy to me AT ALL and he takes the time explains and pretty much dumbs it down for you to understand. His tests are manageable, homework online and he's always willing to clarify things and works w/the student. Wants you to pass and will help you out as long as he sees you trying and you do your part )
5.0 : Great Professor. Very fast in answering questions specially through emails. Wont get bother to much if you are late to class. Always answer questions from previous homework. Grades everything very fair. Specially if you know the concept but get the answer wrong. You will still gets points.
5.0 : Mr. Fahey was just the most helpful teacher at CCSF! He was so understanding and is dedicated to teaching his students. Ask him anything and he won't stop until you understand. Very nice and respectful towards students. Don't slack off. If you want to learn math, take him. Just show up, take notes, ask questions and ACE that class haha.
3.5 : Don't neglect the homework for this class. It makes a huge difference when it comes to the final grade. This class is challenging because it requires the student to keep with with the extra information that the professor gives us. Stay on top of it and you should get an A.
3.5 : Dr. Baird is really nice guy, but he tries to hard in trying to teach via new, exotic methods. He tries to focus on big picture stuff and less on details, which makes his grading ambiguous.
5.0 : This is my one of the best instructor from the university. Come to all his class and review all the podcast + pogil, you will most likely pass his class. The material is not easy and you need to hear his podcast more than one. Textbook is a waste in this class imo. As long as you review podcast and pogil you are good to go.
5.0 : Dr baird is amazing! his teaching style should be the standard for all teachers. love that he post podcast so you were able to listen to them as many times as needed. great for studying. as long as you do the work for the class its easy to get an A. He doesn't offer that much office hours so take advantages of times he is offering them!
4.5 : One of the best teachers I've had at San Francisco State University.  His curriculum was clear, his lectures  syllabus  work was all relative and really cares about his students.  He's a teacher with a good heart, and most importantly, inspired me with his speech at his last lecture before graduation.  Gotta love this man.
5.0 : Dr. Baird is a great lecturer, teaching comes very naturally to him, and I was very much engaged in his teaching styles. Exams are somewhat tricky, they're really big-picture and application questions. Be sure to really understand the lecture ideas and how they could change in different physiological conditions. All in all, would recommend!
5.0 : She really is a great professor, wish there were more people like Takeyama. You MUST GO TO CLASS because some of the material you cover wont even be in the book. She is extremely nice, dont hesitate to go to her office hrs for help. Not an easy class but definitely worth it and doable if you put in the effort. Ended up with an A. Oh yeah she curves
4.0 : Great teacher, just make sure you attend lectures and take notes. Homework is pretty straight forward, you get 3 tries to get it right. Tests are tough and she has a very generous curve.
4.0 : She is amazing and very kind person.  However I found her lecture style to be  confusing and not much informative. Assigned book was not helpful also. Lot of math with little economic sense. She grades on the curve and if you show her that you are doing your best to learn material she will never fail you.
5.0 : She's so good at explaining the material in an easy way! Defiantly take her one of the best econ teachers in school. DO HOMEWORK and understand the study guide before exams and you'll be good.
4.0 : I am a C student due to minimal effort in most classes and Takeyama's class was a breeze. One assignment a week online (about 30 problems), 2 Midterms, and a Final is all she uses to grade. Weekly assignments are easy, midterms are easy if you do the weekly assignments, and she drops your lowest assignment score. Take her if you want an easy pass.
3.5 : All lecture material was written on the board. If you missed a class where she gave out information that was specifically in the book you have to ask around to find out. Myeconlab assignments are pretty easy, she gives you 3 chances to get it right. Read the text book and attend class.
3.0 : Don't take this class unless you have a strong understanding of Microeconomics, she lectures pretty fast and doesn't like to review basics. The homework assignments are irrelevant to the class but the "optional" homework is what will be on the test. DO NOT IGNORE THOSE. Do the practice problems and you will do well on the test.
1.5 : Lisa is a boring teacher, her lectures are long and it'll make you fall asleep. Her tests are tough, and you'll actually have to read the textbook and complete the exercises to know what you're doing. She shows up late most of the time, and the online homework is longggg and haaaard BEWARE! Don't take Lisa.
3.5 : She's an okay teacher. It's pretty straight forward. Lectures are long cause it's like taking an elementary class, it's easy but you linger over the subject for a while. Homework is easy. Tests are easy if you actually try on the homework. I would suggest taking another Econ 102 first with a really good professor, class will be even easier.
3.0 : Lectures were kind of long and boring. I zoned out a lot so had to read textbook and teach myself. Tests kind of hard but she curves them a LOT. I got a 66% on one test that was curved to a B-. No attendance. But if you go to class, read textbook and do weekly homework assignments you'll be fine.
4.5 : LOVED this class. Didn't think I would enjoy it as much as I do. I sit in the front row, and usually pay attention to class, but I think that if you just listen to what she says, you'll do just fine. She's very thorough with her lectures, just do the online hw and classroom exercises
4.0 : Dr. Takeyama was great. Show up to class, take notes, do the homework, &amp; study. If you do all that, you're sure to get a B, and likely to get an A! Takeyama has a clear grasp of the subject material, and communicates it very well. Homework @ 20% due weekly via MyEconLab, lowest two homeworks dropped. 3 exams, 2 grades @ 32.5% and the worst @ 15%
5.0 : Economics could have been totally boring and bland but Takeyama is very enthusiastic and clear about the subject. She has classroom exercises that are so helpful for studying with, weekly homework assignments that are unlimited amounts of tries, and extra credit options. Her tests are pretty standard but she doesn't allow a cheat sheet. Just study
3.5 : She is nice but her teaching style does not work for me. I wish her notes were better organized.  Teaches slow with little info, test questions tricky, and diff from what we learned in class. About 9 hw on myeconlab, exercise worksheets done in class, 2 midterms, and 1 final.
4.0 : Darcy is an amazing professor. He is genuine in her ideas of children and it is clear in her passionate lectures. There is a lot of work but she is a fair grader. Go to class, it is crucial for your success. Everything you do through the semester becomes your final, either PPT or Research Paper. Nothing is done just because. Would take again!
5.0 : Darcy is a very passionate educator. She wants you to pass, but she makes you work for it. The entire class is organized for you to succeed on your final, so keep up with your work and put your best effort into it, it'll make the final that much easier. You'll love her lectures, they don't drag and she always has examples and asks for participation
3.0 : If you're planning to take EED 610 with her, avoid her at all cost. She is very unorganized and unclear about her assignments. Though, she'll allow students to revise their work and get full credit for it. Lectures are boring enough. Lots of assignments, short papers due almost every week. Easy A if you do all your work right and show up to class
5.0 : This is a perfect class for the Upper Division General Education area UD - D: Social Sciences. It also counts in other areas that's in the Degree Progress Report of your portal. Teacher is amazing, late work is acceptable. This was a perfect class that helped me learn about better parenting. 30 Hours of Observing a Child is a requirement!
5.0 : Darcy is the most intelligent professor I have had in 4 yrs at SFSU. Her image of children &amp; knowledge of the field is beyond any other professor. She makes you work hard and really reflect on your perceptions, your work in the field and your image of children. You learn a lot in every single lecture. She will inspire you. take her if you can!
4.5 : Very nice lady. Persistent in doing it her way, but isn't mean about it.  Two tests. If you know the study guide thoroughly for each, easy A. If not, you're gonna fail. Turned in a lengthy research paper (26 pages total, 5 of which essay, 20 was a hand typed transcript), a children's novel, and 2 homework assignments.
4.0 : She will give you the questions before the exam. Study them and you will do well
1.0 : At the beginning it was fine. However, the midterm wasn't easy even she gave you the study guide, that was around 20 or 30 something MC questions and 3 essay questions in 1hr 15 mins. It wasn't enough to finish all.  Midterm is 25% of you grade. Also, need to pay attention for the quiz, only post out in THUR. Missed those you can't take it again.
5.0 : Weekly quizzes, but she offers extra credit.  I'm incompetent so I missed two quizzes and made it up with EC.  Midterm was a bit tough, so I made a study guide and referred to it while taking the midterm. No final, but theres an essay and a graphic instead.  Grades are kinda accurate, but just communicate with her. All readings and video provided.
5.0 : She's reslly real and funny and cute. We don't have too much assignments or works, but her lectures are really informative. Pretty chill class :) Totally recommend taking!
4.5 : Dr. Nhung Le is a great speaker. Her lectures are meaningful and hilarious. She will come off as a little sarcastic, but when she does get serious there is a lot of meaning in her speech. Also, she doesn't really care about participation, as long as you're there to turn in work (which is only 2 homeworks in total), you'll be fine.
5.0 : Oh my gosh. She hella helped her students on the final. It was hella funny. She's really sweet and passionate. Not that many assignments but only large assignments which are worth a lot. I don't think she grades too hard. Midterm was kinda hard though. But her class was really fun. 1 Cookbook, Midterm, Final, 1 Group presentation and other work
5.0 : Very knowledgable and informative. Professor Wilkinson knows her stuff, particularly related to water. She is an all around impressive academic. I enjoyed her class immensely.
5.0 : Professor Wilkinson is very passionate about the subject she teaches. She cares about her students and makes geography interesting and fun. If you study for the exams, do the assignments and the homework you can easily get an A.
5.0 : She's definitely an inspirational professor, and you should take her at least once if you are geography major like myself. Make sure to come to class because she'll pass around the sign-in sheet on random days, which could hurt your grade! Study in advance, and please take an opportunity to try the extra credit assignment; I got an A bc of it!
4.0 : Wilkinson is passionate about the course material. Appears to favor group discussion and individual participation over lecture, rendering class more interactive. Fascinating course material. Assignments consist of 2 tests and 2 papers, thought-provoking and not impossible. Lots of great field trips bring course material to life!
5.0 : Dr. Wilkinson is a more- than- fair grader. I did not spend enough time on my term paper, and she gave me a very fair grade. I can connect my material better than that. You really need to capitalize on her study guides. She is very compassionate, and smart-as-a-whip. She covers the material in a very clear, and storyteller fashion.    Go to class!
3.0 : A very informative class and a lot of interesting reading on ilearn. Nancy is very smart and knows so much about water geography, but sometimes suffers from professoritis. She's a good lecturer and does grade you on attendance. The field trip was a blast, it was fun seeing the dams, but kinda interfered with my other class work since it was 3 days.
4.5 : The class was extremely fun, and weekend field trip was the best part. Dr. Wilkinson is very passionate and knowledgeable, probably the best geography and environmental science lecturer at SFSU. If you're taking this class, you really have to study for midterm and final; 40% each! I wished the exams were break down into 3-4 and more in-class works.
5.0 : She is an amazing storyteller and professor. Great person. EXCEPT, for a non geography major. THE TESTS WERE SO DIFFICULT. even with a given study guide, her test questions trick you, and are very map intricate. I would love to take her without credit just to hear her stories and lectures. 2 tests, 2 papers, XC. very interesting topic though
5.0 : Nancy is an amazing instructor.  She is extremely organized and clear.  She is not an easy A instructor but in her class your hard work will be rewarded but what you learn. Assignments and activities are applicable and beneficial to the overall class and subject.
1.0 : confusing logic, no key points for the class.
3.5 : Most work is weekly forum entry of 75 words and 10 question quiz. 3 attempts per quiz. 5 papers on the reading but gives you great feedback and extra credit for early submission. Paper standards are higher than other classes but nothing outrageous. Video lectures are non-essential. Stay on the reading (40 pages weekly) and it'll be fine.
5.0 : Passionate, clear, easy-going. Very experienced in the subject. Offered extra credit whenever possible. He appreciates class needs and critique. Funny stories pop up once in a while in lecture too. Definitely a favorite!
1.5 : I had the opposite experience of what people say about him. He wouldn't really  answer any questions I had about anything! I had to ask the same question multiple times to finally get an answer. He would get angry at me,but he could of easily avoided all my questioning. I don't hate him, but I found him to have a cynical type personality.
5.0 : Overall, if one word described Dr. Jeung as a teacher and a person, it would be excellent. He is the only teacher I've had at state that genuinely wishes the best success for his students now, and for the future. Passionate. A+ for all of the extra credit opportunities. Send him drafts of your papers and he will guide you to what he is looking for.
1.0 : Possibly the worst professor I have ever experienced at SF State. No clear grading criteria on his numerous required papers and writing assignments. On all my other writing classes I got A- or B grades. From this guy I was getting c's or D's.
4.0 : Awesome professor! Took this as an upper division GE but really enjoyed the class. 5 2-3 page papers, one group project. You will need to at least skim the books to write the papers. He takes attendance. Lets you rewrite essays and gives extra credit. Not a hard class if you show up, participate sometimes, and put forth a little effort.
4.0 : I took his online class which was fairly easy. I slacked on the weekly discussion forum which was my own fault. Only had to write three essays and it's great he offers extra credit if you send him your drafts to edit.
4.5 : Very easy class. Some may think his essays are graded harshly but he gives you the option to email early for feedback and there are rewrite options. Books are a must since the essays are based on them. Professor is sarcastic or pose an attitude but the class is enjoyable.
4.0 : I enjoyed being in Professor Jeung's class mainly because I was able to learn more about the Asian American Community. His lectures made me think of experiences of my own, which made the class even more enjoyable. The papers shouldn't be hard if you know how to write a structured paper. Skim the books and you'll be good to go.
1.0 : A hard-grader. There were four textbooks and you had to buy all of them. You needed to write essays for these books but you were easy to get F for them. You needed to answer his in-class question every class for attendance. His lecture were confusing and his attitude toward racial problem were vague. Whatever, don't take this class.
3.0 : 3 essays, all which are 2-3 pages long. The final are two essays-both are 2-3 pages long also. Assignments include a Chinatown tour,community service at Bayview YMCA and group presentation. His class is ok. I personally think he's a easy grader but unorganized at times and sometimes confusing essay prompts. Go to class-it counts towards your grade!
5.0 : Easy Segment 3 class. Highly recommend this class. He teaches not only the class subject, but also helpful skill for your social life. He is very fun and friendly. A lot of extra credit opportunities. Few 2-3 pages Essays. If you have problem, talk to him and he will help you out. Very interesting class :)
5.0 : Awesome Professor. He is Very Clear and gives you lots of help before there is an essay due. There is LOTS of extra credit assignment, you just have to sacrifice one or two Saturdays for the extra Credit.
4.0 : He assigns a lot of reading but you can get by with the notes from powerpoint presentations that your peers have to do. He does only two group projects and a lot of in class discussions. His extra credits aren't really worth the trip, but he does give you the option of picking your own extra credit. Come to class. he gives you hints for your paper.
5.0 : Dr. Kilgard is an AMAZING teacher. She is thoughtful and intentional about everything she does, from picking the reading assignments, to facilitating discussion, to asking us to engage in embodied activities, to the theoretical approaches she has us explore and practice in the classroom. I have never felt so supported intellectually and personally.
5.0 : Amy is such a gem. She is passionate about what she is teaching, the class isn't hard but you really do have to put in effort. She makes the class comfortable &amp; is very clear when explaining assignments. I don't like getting in front of the class but Amy makes it as relaxed as possible, definitely would take her again &amp; 100% recommend. Funny too!
5.0 : If you're going to take a COMM performance course, choose Amy as your professor. This course is excellent (and required) for COMM majors, and it would also be a helpful supplement to Performing Arts majors. Her goal for COMM 363 is not only to teach students to create powerful performances, but also to help them learn something about themselves.
3.5 : Rita is really open-minded and insightful in regards to sexuality. She posts all the readings on iLearn and you just have to respond to maybe some questions and post in a discussion forum. One 5-page critical analysis paper on whatever you want (related to the class) and a take-home final.
5.0 : Melendez is fantastic! She's sweet and her class is easy! There are a lot of assigned readings but they're interesting for the most part. Be prepared to write a lot of forum posts/responses to others, but other than that not much work, just a 5-6 pg essay + final. Her lectures are through video, and texts are available online, even textbook!
5.0 : Melendez was really passionate about the topic and she's a really good teacher. One paper and one short answer written final. Every week you have to read something and write a short answer on it and complete a discussion. Not too bad and pretty interesting.
3.0 : If you're into post-modern radical feminist nonsense, this is your class. The readings were mostly ridiculous: all heterosexual sex is rape, all women are lesbians, and other absurdities. The class was an easy A though and it fulfilled multiple SFSU political correctness requirements for graduation. It was more work than I thought it would be.
3.0 : As with any online class you won't see the prof much, but the more effort you put in the more you get out of it. Personally I enjoyed the opportunity to read works by thinkers like Foucault and Adrienne Rich. Melendez is a good online professor but you won't have a great time if you just go through the motions in this class for your GE requirement.
4.5 : she's nice and easy-going. the class wasn't hard, just a lot of reading to do. after every reading, you had to write a response to it. there was one paper (5 pages) and a take home final. all and all, not bad at all as long as you put effort into the course.
5.0 : Prof. Melelndez is a very open minded person. expect to read one to two articles per week and post a basic resume on Ilearn. One group project,no exams. no textbook required  material is provided on Ilearn. Easy segment III class. take her and you will easily pass. she is a easy grader. I did all the work at last minute and I still got a B+.
3.0 : One thing is due each week on ilearn. These assignments consist of reading a couple sections of the text book (always very interesting topics) and either writing a short response to it or taking an online quiz. No late work excepted but if you turn in your work then you will receive an easy A.
4.0 : her class was interesting on the different topics from the readings. she requires for her students to read every single course reading. you also need to buy a course reader. she dislikes students that interrupt  her class by being tardy. she allows 10 mins or less to be tardy otherwise she will kick you out. Interesting class
5.0 : he is  a patient professor and he love telling  coldjoke in class. he is nice person and explain everything by example
5.0 : Professor Chen is awesome! Very funny while teaching students CAD basics. You will leave knowing how to make 2D and 3D models of many mechanical products, interior and exterior of houses, and a circuit board. This is an intro class so he moves at a slow but good pace so everyone can learn. MUST show up to class or you will not understand.
4.0 : Skilled and patient CAD instructor that works at a reasonably relaxed pace. All product design majors will have to take his classes, so I recommend doing both 320 + 321 together since they build off one another and set your morning schedule for the week. Doesn't post anything online other than reference sheets, so you MUST go into his classes for A
4.0 : Chen is one of the funniest professors I've ever had. His jokes are kinda deadpan, which makes it funnier. He never gets mad and is patient with you. His classes are super slow, but that's good if you are the kind of person who needs to see something more than once. You're probably gonna have to take his classes if you are in the design major.
3.5 : She is a great teacher - she explains things in a way that makes it easy to understand, and she is very helpful if you ask for it. She is very strict about reading, however, and if not enough people have done the reading, she starts doing pop quizzes! If it hadn't been my last semester I would have loved to have taken more classes from her.
5.0 : Jolivette is one of the coolest profs. His classes are so entertaining and easy to understand and relate to. Basically 4 papers, super easy and his grading is the best. I learned a lot from the lectures about myself and others.
5.0 : Great prof, he is honestly one of the best profs I had in a long time.  No tests, just 4 papers (basically answer a couple questions) super easy, I looked forward to going to class.
5.0 : While there is a lot of reading and a lot to write, you can pick and choose what chapters to read and write about so you don't have to do all reading necessarily. He gives you questions to answer so it makes it easier!! super straight forward and easy if you can just read and take notes. always quickly replies to emails would def take again
5.0 : Dude really cares about his students. Not a tough class at all. You hard to read a lot, like 4 thick books lot. But you work in groups all most every class.
4.5 : Andrew is awesome. That's about all you need to know. No tests, just papers which are graded super easily. He'll make you think, though. Great prof, cooler dude. Take him
4.0 : Andrew is a good teacher and knows a lot about Jazz. Requires 4 papers each a review of a Jazz concert or show that you see outside of class. This can be a lot of work if you put it off to the end of the semester. Overall a good teacher. Besides the papers, just a midterm and final. For those, shazam is your best friend.
3.0 : If you're looking for an easy course for the semester. Take this! 4 Jazz Reviews which are pretty easy. Just dont leave them till the last minute. He didnt take attendance. Your overall grade is based off the reviews. Midterm &amp; Final werent too bad. He does a review before the date of the exam. Pretty chill class, listen to music &amp; watch films.
5.0 : Great guy who is passionate about jazz. He likes it when students are engaged and ask questions. Like everyone said, attendance isn't mandatory. You just need to show up for the midterm and final then turn in the 4 review papers. Definitely a chill class.
5.0 : The most laid back teacher you will ever have, but in a good way! She takes away all the stress from Math and makes it enjoyable and fun. This semester she was using the teaching style of another teacher which was more strict but overall she's a great person and great teacher. If you're nervous about math in anyway TAKE HER!
5.0 : This is hands down the easiest class SF state has to offer.  She does not care at all so all you do is one packet of homework a week (which you spend class time doing and is only about 6 problems) and take 2 tests one of which she makes a take home.  If you want the easiest a of your life take this class.
4.0 : super chill professor, has accent but she says funny things too. pretty easy class. she will help anyone if you ask for it altho sometimes she has computation mistakes.
5.0 : Professor Chemouni is one of my favorite professors I've ever had! She makes class interesting, engaging, and fun! Homeworks are not graded, just turned in for credit, but she makes sure everyone fully understands them first. She likes to give students the opportunity to practice teaching when we go over problems. Take her if you can!!
5.0 : Love professor Chemouni. This math class is necessary for Teacher Preparation - definitely recommend taking her for this class. As long as you do all of the homework, the exams (only 2) will be a breeze.
5.0 : Easily the best professor I've ever had, she cares so much about her students and their lives outside of class. She makes it easy to get an A, even if you aren't a math whiz. The final was take home, and very easy. I wish she could teach math 565 too, as she's the only prof that makes me understand math quickly. Absolutely recommend her to anyone.
5.0 : Mrs. Bahr is the best clinical professor for Maternity Clinical. She drills information on you from day 1, pertinent to both lecture and practice. Trust she makes the best out of your opportunity under her watch, and her demonstrations are meant to get you to do your uniquely best. Everyone on the floor loves her.
5.0 : Grace Yoo is one of the best professors in the Asian American department or rather the best professors at SFSU for that matter. Every single lecture pulled you in intellectually and made you analyze issues intelligently. This is definitely a class you should experience and I know you will do well if you put your mind in it and give your best :)
5.0 : Her class was really easy. We only had one cheap book and online articles, which you didn't really have to read. Just show up to class and bring a recorder or write down a bunch of notes and it's an easy A. She gave daily quizzes online and you can use your notes or google the answers. She really mixes up the class activities so it was fun too.
4.5 : GRACE YOO WAS AN AMAZING TEACHER IF YOU GET THE CHANCE TO TAKE HER PLEASE DO SO! HER CLASS WAS SO MUCH FUN, SHE GAVE A LOT OF OPTIONS WHEN IT CAME TO THE MIDTERM PROJECT SUPER EASY TAKE NOTES, WEEKLY ONLINE QUIZZES AND ONLINE FINAL (ALL TIMED) ONE BOOK WHICH WAS AN EASY-READ
4.5 : Grace was such an amazing professor! i took this class as a filler but to my surprise i really enjoyed coming to class. we do get guest speakers a lot but its interesting. her quizzes were all online but as long as you took notes and read you got an A. this class was not hard at all and i looked forward to going to class every time! :)
5.0 : Prof. Yoo is the BEST! Love her lectures and online assignments. Going to her walkingoffice hours help a lot and she's super nice! For final, you get to choose to write a paper or help out at a street fair. Take her and you won't regret!
5.0 : Grace is an amazing professor! She is very passionate about the subject, and is knowledgeable. The atmosphere of the class is very friendly and interactive, and discussions are always engaging. The class hosts a kids' day event every semester, and it is very rewarding. I highly recommend taking this class!
5.0 : I took AAS 591 online and it was a pretty easy A as long as you do the readings and complete the weekly forums. I was interested in the subject beforehand, but Grace made me LOVE it! She's also a REALLY supportive professor who truly cares about her students' academic and personal well-being. I highly recommend her!!!
5.0 : Prof. Yoo's class is amazing. Have fun, but learn a lot. Online forum,  quiz and reading lecture is homework assignment every week, they are not difficult. If you take note, easy A. If you study behind, a lot of extra credit can help you. I enjoy coming to class, have homemade veggie food and dancing activities. I highly recommend taking her class.
5.0 : Prof. Yoo is a great professor! TAKE HER CLASS because it count for Seg III upper GE! Caring professor who want her students to succeed! Easy A! DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS FOR GRANTED! Took two of her class, and don't slack off! Give weekly assignments online forum, quiz and reading lecture. Fun class to be in, and I wish she teach in all of my classes.
4.5 : Dr. Yoo is an awesome professor. She is very informative and always there for her students. Even for an alumni like me, she helps you with many different things like writing amazing letters of recommendation and helping students get in touch with things that interest them.
5.0 : Professor Yoo is one of the most engaging professors I had at SFSU. She brought in inspirational guest speakers who really helped you understand the Korean American experience. Hangul Day was a lot of fun. I enjoyed working on the final YouTube project and helping out at the different activity stations. Participation in this class is key.
5.0 : I LOVED THIS CLASS!!!!!!!! Even though I am not an Asian American (most of my class mates were) the professor did not make me feel like an outsider. This class is not difficult but you must do all the work on time and attendance is mandatory due to short quizzes after class! I would love to take another course that she teaches.
5.0 : I graduated a few years ago and had Barbosa 3 times. Just thought about him tonight and had to look on here because I missed him! He was definitely the one Professor that made an impact on my life, education, and current career. He has instilled in me an enormous amount of passion and hope for all things Sociology. Don't miss out on his class.
4.5 : I took Environmental Sociology with Professor Barbosa, and to be honest- it ended up being one of the most important classes I have ever taken in my life. This class opened my eyes and mind to things that I had never even been aware of, and I am grateful for it's impact. Take this course, read, listen, and you will walk away a better person for it.
1.0 : He doesn't care if you learn, he will NOT help you during officer hours or via email, don't bother asking. Show up, don't be late or he will yell at you. His tangents are unprofessional! He once asked everyone in the class who we had for SOC 300, he made us say out loud so he could check for grade inflation. Pretty sure thats not his job.
5.0 : Prof. Barbosa is a fav prof of mine.  I have him for 2 classes this semester. So obviously, I think he's pretty awesome! He cares about his students &amp; has made himself available outside of class (and via email) for any questions I have re. homework, papers etc. He offers lots of extra credit. So show up to class, take notes and you will do great.
5.0 : Amazing professor and course. He is helpful and interesting. I always left class having learned something and he makes sure assignments and exams are clear - you will know exactly what he wants from you. I hope I can take him again for another class. I loved going to his class.
5.0 : AMAZING TEACHER. So helpful, so easy to understand, and she makes learning bio FUN! Take this class!!! My only advice...before every exam, SERIOUSLY go back and listen to the lectures again online. It's the best way to get a good grade. She's not kidding when she tells you to do this! I'm just sad she doesn't teach more classes...
5.0 : Kimberly is an amazing professor! She truly cares about her students, and tries to get to know you on a personal level, not just a student/professor level. She is very eccentric and quirky, you can tell she loves to teach biology! If biology intimidates you, let Kimberly be your first guide into the subject.
4.5 : Kimberly made coming to class worth it thanks to her enthusiasm and spunky attitude. She really cares and motivates her students, best BIOL230 professor!
5.0 : this class assigns a lot of homework every week, mostly just writing assignments. But trust me when i say Kimberly cares about her students more than any other professor i have taken. She wants you to succeed, she always tells her students to go change the world. Exams are designed not to trick you, but still study nonetheless.
5.0 : Best professor I had at SFSU! Highly recommend her, very approachable. Exams are fair, majority are clicker questions, so study that and go over ppt slides and the audio to the ppt's. there are several extra credit opportunities on every exam and final and by  going to her office hours as well.
4.5 : I honestly hate Biology, i know I have to get used to it, but Kimberly Tanner made me love it. She is such an inspirational teacher and a great lecturer. She usually teaches the first quarter of the class. Go to class, listen in lecture, do your homework, and FORM STUDY GROUPS. If you do, you will most definitely pass the class with a B or higher.
4.5 : AWESOME PROFESSOR!  i wish all of my professors were like her.  she genuinely cares about our education and is just an amazing person.  extremely approachable and extremely intelligent.  everyone needs to take her, you'll learn a lot from her!
5.0 : Most likely my favorite professor so far. She radiates this extremely enthusiastic energy that makes you passionate about anything she's teaching about at the moment; she truly cares about her students and their futures and wants them to succeed. Definitely knows her stuff and will try her best to make a filled lecture hall have a lot of fun.
4.5 : Dr. Tanner is definitely a professor you should know, she is an amazing lecturer, she was clearly the best of the three lecturers teaching BIOL230. You could tell that she is genuinely interested in you as a person, not just a grade. The material is definitely manageable, they boil everything down to its basic components. Definitely recommend her.
5.0 : When I took this class, it was split between 2 other professors and Kimberly. The first quarter of the class was taught by Kimberly and it was honestly the best!! all the students understood what was happening and participated a lot. She is honestly the best biology professor on the face of the planet.
5.0 : Professor Tanner is an awesome teacher! Very encouraging, and definitely makes you want to learn more. She's very passionate about teaching and getting to know her students. There's no required book, and most of the material is posted on iLearn. The course isn't easy, but if you try your best and turn in your work on time, you'll do fine.
5.0 : Great professor.  Cares about students learning the material and is helpful.  One of the best classes I have taken.
5.0 : Yuki is such an amazing professor. He really encourages you to embrace your creativity. I felt 110% comfortable with him and he knows exactly what he is talking about. He is extremely patient and this class was my absolute favorite! Make sure to show up for class, attendance is extremely important!
4.5 : Research Methods class was definitely not a ball in the park. She's a great help &amp; resource! Geri tries her best to make the material understandable &amp; even your still unsure just ASK! The assignments given helps with your MISSIONS (you will know what I mean once your in the class). That makes projects less unbearable.
4.0 : Merrigan is super chill, as long as you read you will do fine. I took a GWAR class and it has a lot of work, but easy. Get ready for group projects and presentations. Interest class, learned alot
3.0 : I'm sure she aims to be helpful but I would not recommend her for COMM 661. Her directions are inconsistent and her TA's are not on board with her requirements. They'll tell you different things and there's a lack of clarity in the group projects. She picks out interesting readings but overall, would not recommend.
1.5 : She is not clear at all on what she wants from you until after she grades your work. Great feedback, but you are still stuck with a bad grade even though she does not know how to communicate.
4.5 : I took Dr. Merrigan's COMM 522 and enjoyed it for the most part so I decided to take her research studies comm. The research studies class is super hard. A lot of work and the subject is confusing for almost everyone in the class. She is a great person though and cares about her students. Very helpful, but would not recommend COMM 661
5.0 : Professor Merrigan, she is a wonderful professor who inspires and motivates her students.
5.0 : Professor Merrigan, She does her best to empower students and encourage them! Great Professor!
5.0 : Geri does good work keeping the course filled with relevant assignments that can be used in real world, her advise helped me find a job. The networking event at the end of the semester was an awesome experience and GWAR writing processes improved my cover letters.
5.0 : She genuinely cares about her students &amp; gives us every opportunity to empower ourselves to the fullest. There were too many classes where other people lectured &amp; could get tedious but overall it was a class I would recommend! Attendance optional! Let's you pick assignments &amp; final as well (contract grading)
5.0 : COMM 522: Takes feedback and suggestions from students. Very easy to understand and straight forward. Lots of group work which is fun and easy. Will work with you and doesn't make you do every assignment on 10/16 (reading forums)  She's great!
4.5 : Her teaching style is remarkable, she truly cares about her students learning the material. Always happy to help, available during office hours, and replies to e-mails fast. Her test do not allow me to sleep at night though.
5.0 : TAKE HER RESEARCH STRATEGIES COURSE. Geri turns potentially dry subject matter into engaging lectures that actually help students understand the relevance of communication research in their lives. She is passionate about what she teaches, and she often checks in with students to make sure her course is working well for them.
4.0 : She is clear and concise on the material assigned. She is less clear on her expectations and grading criteria on assignments, such as the oral presentations (there are two of them). She usually doesn't answer questions directly, she wants you to think about the answer for yourself.  Her personality may be hard to get used to, but I liked her.
5.0 : Hennessy is amazing. Yes there is a lot of reading and yes his tests are hard but, everything in life is hard. You do have to work hard in order to get a good grade however, if you come to class, pay attention and do the reading there's no reason why you shouldn't get an A. He is extremely knowledgeable and has great teaching methods.
4.5 : Hennessy's class was honestly life-changing. He opens your eyes to all these horrible things that are happening in our world. He's an amazing lecturer and the class was stimulating. You can tell that he really cares for his students. Yes, it was challenging, but just as long as you try your best and attend class, you'll definitely get a good grade.
4.5 : LS 690 is one of the hardest classes you will take as a Liberal Studies major. However, out of all the professors that teach it, i recommend Professor Hennessy. I was intimidated at first especially since I knew how hard this class was going to be. However, Hennessy makes this class worthwhile and life changing. Best professor for this class!
4.0 : He's incredibly passionate about what he teaches which is AWESOME. He made me care about bananas, for goodness sake! He's a bit intimidating but he's definitely a good teacher. He's not just one of those tenured professors who show up for their paycheck.
1.0 : Honestly this class is so boring so my one recommendation is if you are not interested in the subject matter DO NOT take it.  He does nothing to make it more interesting, there are 3 articles a week each 40-60 pages long, one super long research project and a HARD midterm.  Like I said, if you are not interested in the subject don't do it.
3.0 : Professor Hennessy is a good teacher. He makes class interesting. I enjoyed his activities. Some days were standard lecture days, other days we'd watch films, sometimes we'd break the class up into groups, once the class role played. He assigns a midterm and a major paper. Texts are unnecessary, I bought them and I never opened them.
4.0 : I loved taking Hennessy this semester! He was great and opened my eyes to many things going on in the world.  There is a midterm and a term paper that can be kind of tough. Also there is a lot of reading but do your best and im sure you'll pass! He is the best professor I've taken in a while.
5.0 : This is one of the best LS professors EVER! There is A LOT of reading. Skim it and go over all of them before the midterm. If you don't go over all the readings at least once before the midterm you will regret it. The final is an in class activity, very chill. Go to class!! and take notes. The things you learn are interesting.
5.0 : Hennessy's class is challenging and rewarding.  He assigns a lot of reading, and you need to know the readings to pass.  The class and discussions are interesting and inspiring.  Great teacher and great class.
4.5 : He's an awesome teacher. So much reading, but you know what you're learning and why you're learning the material. You have a reader and a novel, but the reading is on iLearn. There is so much reading, the midterm is difficult but he graded on a curve. There is a term paper, short assignments online and some quizzes. Overall, tough but great class.
5.0 : I personally really enjoyed this class, Logan is definitely a character and makes learning some dry things pretty interesting. Lots of readings but he goes over them in class. The final is a map drawing and a research paper about an environmental issue of your choice, which was pretty fun. I would definitely recommend taking a class with him!
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at SFSU! She makes everything "simple" so that you understand it and clearly is there to aide students when need be! She has a great sense of humor and is one of those teachers you can rely on being honest with you.
4.5 : She let me add the class late and was very helpful in that process. The class projects are fairly easy and she's super helpful in helping on them. We took 2 field trips in the semester and had fun projects to do! Great professor.
5.0 : Super fun, she's an amazing teacher. There are moments where you forget that your in a class cause it's basically like an advanced arts and crafts class
5.0 : Best professor at SFSU. I was not excited about taking an ethic's class but Viola made me love his class. He's down to earth and knows whats he's doing. So sad that the semester ended. Going to try to get into his other class. Plus, he's hot.
4.0 : He is a real deal professor. I mean he is an attorney as well so yeah. Classes were interesting and you have to speak up. He is a good looking guy and I'd totally date him or at least let him have it.
5.0 : Took his CJ 323 course; don't need to buy the book! He uploads all the chapters on online! Great professor and very sincere about his work! He isn't easy, but he is the REAL DEAL! TAKE HIM!!
1.0 : He's very difficult, he makes the subject more complicated than what it really is. He gives you so much writing in comparison to all the other professors that teach the exact same class. From what i heard from other friends who have taken this class with other professors , the instructors help them build their 10 pg paper and are very helpful.
4.0 : This was a Gwar class so he told us at the beginning of the class that he grades a little harder on this class than other classes of his. He really wants to make sure you understand the material. He is still an active attorney and he is a very well respected professor. Though it was a little harder than expected, it showed us another perspective.
5.0 : Prof Viola is very helpful and care his  students, However, he expected you do your homework which is fair. I took his criminal procedures and criminal Law and I didn't  well both classes, but if you don't  like writing then you thinks about. other then that he is Amazing teacher and he has very very good to help you in way!!  Excellent Profs!!
4.5 : He's great! Very passionate about his work. He cares about his student.
4.5 : Shes a great professor. This class wasn't so intresting, but she defintly tried to make it so. Be prepared to do two group projects with presentations, with loooonng essays. Hope that you get placed in great groups, or choose your groups carefully, otherwise the workload can prove to be challenging. Tests are usually short answer, but aren't totoug
4.0 : She's well-organized, and smart. Her class is fairly easy. I bombed the first midterm and pulled out a good grade by just doing the HWs and studying a little bit for the final. It's a pretty basic intro class, and she does a good job laying it out
1.0 : hard exams, tricky questions
4.0 : Great teacher. She cares. Tests are tough but very do-able if you go to class and study. No homework which is good for a full time job, but your test is your grade. She drops the lowest score too which is awesome!
5.0 : Chaudhuri is a wonderful professor. She always teaches with a smile. Her homework assignments prepare you very well for the exams which are short and straight forward though quantitatively rigorous. Work the homework problems over and over again until you get them right every time and you'll do great on the exams.
5.0 : Very very patient with handling student's questions. Really has a heart for teaching. She makes things look easy because she explains everything in a very clear and concise manner. There are 4 midterms which one lowest test grade will be dropped. attendance is 5%. Textbook is not necessary. Never skip class. Do the sample questions repetitively.
5.0 : Nina is phenomenal! She was my grad school advisor, and I had her as a professor in several graduate classes (2009-2012). Passionate, energetic, high expectations for her students (that inspired us to give everything our best!), great attention to detail, creative, and always engaging. Never a dull moment in her class - always keeps you moving!
2.5 : If you're an introvert, avoid this class! The whole semester was ice breaker games &amp; group work with papers. she doesn't do much of the teaching, its all class-led so each group takes a turn "teaching" (ice breaker games and how it relates to leadership). i didnt get that great of a grade even though i got AsBs on testspapers, bc of participation
5.0 : I absolutely loved taking this class: high energy, fun, expressive. The whole point of this class is to learn about LEADERSHIP. How to implement different styles depending on the setting and participators level of capabilities. Nina is extremely passionate about her work, helpful, and understanding. Most beneficial class I have ever taken.
4.0 : Nina is a very knowledgeable professor. She is a great contact to have when you are out in the world. I will say she can seem a bit intimidating but if you talk to her or ask questions she is more than happy to help. As long as you are on time to class and do your assignments you will do well.
5.0 : Teddy is maybe the best professor I've ever had. I came into this class dreading debate and left actually joining the debate team next year. He's so passionate about what he teaches and really works to make arguments relevant to everyday life or current events. If you have the chance to take him, absolutely do it!
5.0 : Teddy is such a great professor. Attendence is mandatory, but you honestly want to show up tp class because of how interesting the lectures always are and because of how funny Teddy is. I learned A TON in this course and public speaking is no longer terrifying to me!
5.0 : Great professor! Made class very fun while providing a lot of knowledge.
3.0 : Not a horrible teacher, and its a good idea to have the class. The problem is he's been out of the industry so long none of the technical things he teachers you are very useful :/
4.0 : Probably the most qualified teacher I have had at SFSU. He has worked in industry (VMware) and has made it his mission to put the user experience first. He coached me as a team-lead and got me interested in coordinating other programmers. He has a sense of humor. If you participate noticeably, expect up to 5 grade points in extra credit.
5.0 : One of the best profs at SFSU who changed my perspective about my major and most real life user applications. He teaches you everything you need to know about industry as well as teamwork. He really motivated me to improve especially through his feedback. As long as your team delivers milestones on time, you'll be good.
5.0 : Teaches you what you need to know for industry including teamwork. Motivated me to work hard and always provided great feedback that allows you to improve. As long as you have a good team and deliver milestones and study for the final exam, you'll be fine.
5.0 : one of the best profs at sfsu
3.5 : Class depends on your group.  This semester, Petkovic played the non-tech executive giving feedback, while Sosnick played the nice but frustrated CTO getting mad at technical issues, he yelled at a few students during the Milestone 3 meeting, but it was likely an act.  As long as you deliver on milestones and study for final, nothing can go wrong.
5.0 : Dr. Eisman is a great Math Professor. He's very helpful, caring and funny too.  Again study from Wileyplus, if you need additional help then practice from the book OR go to his office hours! The book costs about $100 with accesscode.
5.0 : Dr. Eisman was the best professor I had at SFSU. Glad to see him back.
4.0 : Professor Eisman is very knowledgeable about Calculus and always willing to help students out. He's very kind and is loved by his students. The class isn't that hard.. he does a pretty good job with explaining material, so pay attention and you'll do fine. Homework online, graded attendance, 3 midterms and 1 final. He lets you have a cheat sheet.
5.0 : He is an amazing teacher, something that he said to me that has stuck with me was,  "you have to take control over your education" and he is right. He was always urge to help me and he always had different methods in teaching when one on one. I would definitely take his class and take advantage of office hours.
3.0 : He's ok, but I don't think I will retain much of the material. He doesn't really engage with the class. He focuses on getting the information on the board rather than to the students. 2-question quizzes every Thursday. Two 10-question midterms with one-page cheat sheet. Online homework not mandatory, however, attendance is.
4.0 : Eisman is the best! He's very clear and very friendly. He's open for questions and jokes around with the class every so often. He's amazing; highly suggest taking his section!
4.0 : Eisman is a funny and intelligent teacher that makes his class interesting enough that the time flies. The ability to accomplish this in a math class is very rare. Highly recommend!
1.0 : Boring , my mistake to have chosen him, he has his "favorites" and never acknowledges anyone, he only sits on the board writing and writing , never asked if you understand it. The whole time I was in his class he would only talk to one certain group and if you had questions he would respond rude. I don't recommend
4.5 : Good teacher, one of the better ones at state. Very helpful, willing to actually listen to your question ( unlike a lot of compsci teachers).
5.0 : One of a kind 'teach-er'.  Made database concepts, programs, terms and lingo so easy that everyone could understand and follow. One of the best teachers in the world period.
4.5 : Wall was a great teacher very clear. Also has amazing curve
5.0 : Fantastic teacher, one of the best I ever had. Makes very hard subjects very clear.
5.0 : The best professor compared to many in the CS department. Very patient &amp; does a great job presenting difficult material. He even made time to cover some past Math concepts that can be used in the course. Also goes over HW in full detail to make sure we understand the material. Motivates students to do well. I wish he taught all my CS courses.
5.0 : Great professor. Very clear and informative lectures. Compared to most, he goes over past concepts from previous CS courses so we understand the meaning behind the algorithms later in full detail.
5.0 : Very nice professor! The subject is hard but he does his best to break it down and make things simpler. Exams are related to the notes/handouts/study guide. If you study these daily you will pass the class. He really motivated me to understand the difficult concepts behind algorithms.
5.0 : Great professor. A lot of the topics in this class can be confusing but he gives very clear explanations. If you still don't get it he's very helpful during his office hours. He's also a fair grader and has an awesome curve. Show him your best effort and you'll most likely pass with a decent grade. I wish all professors could be like him.
3.5 : Good professor. He knows the material is tough but does his best to present it as clearly as he can.  Does pop quizzes but they're not graded, they're there to make sure you're staying up with the material. He gives out sample midterms and finals before the actual ones which helps a lot. Overall a good lecturer and fair grader. Would recommend!
5.0 : Very nice and polite professor who breaks down difficult concepts very well. Goes over homework and makes time to review past concepts we might have forgotten. Bases your grade on 2 tests and a final. Very motivating, patient, and helpful and a fair grader. I wish he taught all my courses.
5.0 : Amazing Teacher, really makes you love the subject !!
4.5 : This class cant be any easier than what it already is especially for a GWAR course. You have 4 in class quizzes which are all opinion based so there's really no way of failing them. You have two 4 page papers due throughout the semester which aren't really that hard to write since he gives you interesting topics to write on. And a 9 page final.
4.0 : He writes real fast and can get confusing at times. Just stay on top of the material and you should be good. He has two midterms and a final. You don't really need the book since he postes online notes. In the end if you get comfortable with the material you should do fine.
3.0 : Tough grader. HW 1/week. Lectures dull and intensive. Doesn't explain well sometimes (chase him down to office hours for questions). Cracks lame jokes  that are sometimes funny. Monotone voice. Textbook handy just as extra resource (there are online PDF's).
3.5 : He writes quick and can get confusing at times. Just stay on top of the material and you should do fine. He has two midterms and a final. You don't really need the book since he posted notes online. In the end if you get comfortable with the material you should be good.
5.0 : Really smart and also open to class discussion. Willing to work with students outside of class. He made an atmosphere that encouraged students to communicate with him. I think he had a fair grading method. Some of the material was extremely difficult but he managed to do a good job teaching it. Also, he's hilarious!
3.5 : Classes do not need to be attended. Although, office hours are mandatory. For some odd reason he explains WAY better during office hours. He will take you step by step through the problems extremely clear. Just have some idea of what you want to know when you get there. I wasn't doing very well in the beginning. His office hours really helped!
4.5 : Great and funny professor. 2 short papers and 1 longer paper. 4 quizzes you have to take. Class can put you to sleep. You don't have to show up for class, because everything he explains is on iLearn. Quizzes are opinion based. Show up to turn in papers and for quizzes, and you should pass.
4.5 : Great professor and lectures. Super nice and willing to help you with anything. Really funny, great analogies and jokes. The HW isn't too bad as long as you attend class and take notes. He has 2 midterms and a final, which aren't really that bad. Be sure to study the material. He posts tons of it online, take advantage of it.
5.0 : First month of class we didn't do anything, the quizzes came and they seem relatively easy, so did the essays. Extremely easy expressive style essays, you sure defiantly can pass this class with no problem. Teacher is a very nice guy and he seems very knowledgeable about technology especially for his age. Take him no matter class trust me.
4.5 : Easy class if you keep up with the material on iLearn. You have 4 opinion based quizzes, 2 shorter papers, and one 9 page final paper. Attendance is not required, just show up to turn in papers and take quizzes. As long as you do that, it will be an easy A. Really easy grader on the papers.
4.5 : Very funny and nice professor. Yes, he does write fast, but he does post PDF notes on iLearn. He motivated me to love Math. The HW is similar to the lecture. He has 2 midterms and a final. 1st midterm was ok, the 2nd midterm was easier, the final wasn't too bad. Take advantage of his notes, study guides, and HW before an exam.
4.5 : Great teacher, I recommend doing everything on time when she assigns the homework. give you a week to do online homework assignments.
5.0 : Professor Wong was amazing! I had her for English 104 and 105 and had/have a B+ for both semesters. Available during office hours, willing to help if needed. Workload is tolerable. Do the work and you're guaranteed to pass. Attendance counts so don't miss class. Explains things well, super nice, caring. Overall, easy course. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Professor Wong is not afraid to fail you, and this is what challenges me to learn.  She is also very nice and approachable.  The portfolio allows you to revise your work.  Highly recommend this class.
5.0 : Professor Wong is amazing.  I am glad I took her because I learned so much about writing essays. There's a lot of reading and homework every week, but most of the stuff is interesting, like mindsets.  She is also kind, thoughtful, and really want to see her students succeed. She took time to help me when I was struggling and gave me confidence.
5.0 : As a recent graduate, I've come to realize that Prof Wong was very inspiring.  This rating is overdue because I took her class years ago.  I'm writing this review now because this class stayed with me.  Professor Wong taught us not only about writing but also about the importance of following your passion. I did and am thankful to her.  Great class
5.0 : Ms. Wong is super cool and nice.  Gives a lot of feedback and allows you to rewrite essays. A lot of readings and discussions in class.  She's super organized, goes step by step, everything is online, has a good sense of humor and really challenges you.  Learning a lot in this class.  This class helped me write papers for other classes too!
5.0 : I am so glad I got Mrs Wong. She was by far my favorite proffessor. She is very understanding and has clear deadlines for assignments. Weekly homework that is basic and easy. She is a great teacher and Ive learned a lot through her class.
5.0 : Professor Wong is the best. She is caring, warm, and has a great personality. She calls on people and gets you to participate. This class has a lot of work and homework and forum every week but because it is enjoyable it doesn't feel stressful or overwhelming. She says she doesn't take late work but every time I ask she's very kind to allow it.
5.0 : Professor Wong is hands down the best professor I could've had for freshman English. She is more caring than any other teacher I have ever had, and if you are going through something personal or you are going through a difficult period, she is so understanding and will help you out in any way that she can. She offers a ton of extra credit too!
5.0 : I recommend this professor to motivated and serious students who want to actually improve their writing. The options are either sink or swim, it will be impossible to cruise by if improvements are not made. But this will be the class that transforms you from a literary tween, into an adult. For an A, you must actively consult her on how to get one.
5.0 : Had Doc for ENGR315, essentially an exercise in MATLAB  related to the 305 topics. I was a little rusty with MATLAB, but his teaching really shored up the weakness.  He shows you the tools, and then gives you time to figure it out on your own. He doesn't spoon-feed, but he'll push you in the right direction if you're stumped. Highly Recommend.
3.0 : He's a funny guy and the class can be fun. 7 HWs, 2 mid and 1 final. Hw is very good practice for exams.  Find a good group and study, otherwise you won't pass. Exams are tough. Hardest thing is understanding the exam question  and it's because sometimes the answer is often simple. 3 easy problems, 1 really hard problem. 52% is C-.
5.0 : Dr Holton has been teaching at SFSU since Dinosaurs roamed the Earth and the amount of knowledge he has amassed in that extensive period is impressive. He really deserves the respect he receives, but he is temperamental a.f. and the school would likely become more elite under new hands. I love the man but this is my honest opinion.
5.0 : Holton is easily the best professor in the engineering department. He is definitely a tough teacher, but if you study and take your time to absorb the material, you will learn a lot and will help you in your future engineering career.
5.0 : Took his sequel course from ENGR305. This class is a definite step up in difficulty from 305, but you will learn a lot.  And he's great on breaking down the material that is more digestible. Very interesting course if you have an interest in analog IC design or analog signals for sound filtering.
3.0 : I'm certain he's a smart and efficient professor and there is a method to his madness ... but if you can't see his method then this class is completely and utterly madness.
4.5 : This was a difficult course for me, but it is also very interesting.  Unless you are familiar with the material,  you will likely need to invest a significant amount if time in your studies.  The homework was challenging, but it was really good for exam preparation.  He is really helpful in office hours.   He is also a comedian, which helps a lot.
5.0 : Professor Cheng is clearly very interested and knowledgeable in various renewable energy technologies, and makes great efforts to share this knowledge with his students.
5.0 : Prof. Cheng is crystal clear about the material and writes like a book on the whiteboard. He's great! However, his courses are broad and only covers basic concepts. If you're an engineering nerd, you'd wish you were at another engineering school! Prof. Cheng is a great teacher and a valuable asset to the engineering department.
3.5 : Hefter is a GREAT and knowledgable guy, but he is VERY difficult. He demands quite a bit on his tests i.e. hard conceptual essay portions. He doesn't explain much in class, gives few examples, handwriting is illegible. SFSU is running out of options for acct prof but if you take, be prepared to read and reread every chapter and put in work.
3.5 : His class consists of three projects, two of which are group projects. Three videos along with three papers describing the video must be turned in on time. Attendance is mandatory. Pick a good group.
4.0 : Awesome professor. Very willing to help. If you complete all assingments, you will get a good grade.
2.0 : Cordova claimed if you didn't read the book, you wouldn't pass the class. Managed to pass both midterms without reading the book. Take lecture notes, attendance is mandatory anyways. Overall, pretty easy class you just have to show up.
5.0 : Brian is fantastic. He's very easy to talk to and loves to be of assistance. The class is a lot of writing, but he makes it enjoyable and you learn a lot. He clearly loves what he does, and that enthusiasm definitely transfers to the classroom. Definitely recommend him!
3.0 : She's really into teaching, and enjoys her job. She does rush through her lessons, but that's more because of how short the semester is compared to how much grammar she has to teach. The final is a presentation of some sort, so be wary of that. Tests are open textbook.
5.0 : Rossana is one of my favorite professors because of how motivating she is. She really will work with you so you get a good grade. If you do the homework and show up to class your Spanish will improve and you will most likely get a good grade. Definitely go to her office hours to get to know her! she is great!
3.5 : Took this class a few years ago but it serves me well. I'm writing an SOP for my job in order to train my replacement. Bob Dvorak is a great professor who teaches you real-world scenarios. There was a little "glitch" in one of his project assignments that I realized was intentional and meant to be found and fixed by the student. Brilliant!
4.5 : I think Dr. Dvorak may be my favorite professor at SFSU. He teaches in a way where you aren't asking yourself if you're going to need to use this in future. You know you're going to be needing this since he finds it important to teach it. This was the first time this course was online so there were some bumps but nothing major.
4.5 : This is one of those few classes that actually make you want to put up with being in college. It was engaging, intellectually stimulating, and thoroughly satisfying. The textbook is also excellent. Prof. Kassiola's enthusias will keep you engaged. Prof. Kassiola is a great teacher. But he's a horrible adviser, so if you get assigned to him, switch.
3.0 : I think for the level this class is he grades too harshly. He doesn't give guidelines for papers written and is extrenwly ciritical when grading. Horrible penmanship so you must pay attention bc you probabaly won't understand what he's writing on the board. Super lecture heavy, with medium amount of reading.  Only take if youre really interested.
3.5 : I personally enjoyed his lectures. Although he went on tangents and was repetitive sometimes, it was a thought provoking discussion. He was funny and realistic. The class consisted of 3 papers, and a final exam. Easy A.
5.0 : Kassiola shares amazing material. He's very down to earth and the only professor who cared to asked me about myself. I took his class for the 2016 Presidential Analysis and only had 3 quizzes, that was it! Not sure how the work load is for his other courses but he seems very lenient. You will learn a lot from him if you apply yourself.
3.0 : If you like wandering discussions that are loosely related to the environment, this is it. The articles we read were pretty boring, and extremely long winded. You'll be coached on how to write pretty cut and dryto the point essays that seemed to be graded pretty fairly. Kassiola is a cool guy though, and does lead thought provoking discussions
4.0 : The class consisted of a few essays, two essay exams, one quiz, and online discussions. Kassiola really cares about his job and isn't very strict with timelines. He's very well educated, but get ready to write and receive a ton of feedback. The class had running notes posted after every class so attendance wasn't necessary, but helpful.
5.0 : Professor Kassiola is awesome, he cares about everyone and you can easily reach him so don't be afraid to ask him any questions even if it's not class related.  There's running notes were posted on iLearn. Professor is great but a lot of times I got lost in class.  I had a hard time writing the papers. It's hard for someone who hasn't taken Phil.
4.5 : Dr. Cooks is one of the most inspired and inspiring teachers I have ever had. He gives you all the tools you need to get an A, but be prepared to work for it. There is a lot of reading and several papers due during the semester, but he is crystal clear with what he wants. Dr. Cooks really helped me improve my writing too. Just follow the formula!
4.0 : Fun, quick class! Work load for summer is completely reasonable, one forum with one reply each week and one writing assignment each week. Final is recording a video talking about what you learned and how your thoughts on teaching have changed over the semester.
5.0 : He is definitely the best teacher I have ever had in my life! He knows the subject and he is very carining for his studenet.
5.0 : This class is a walk in the park if youre a native speaker but if not, you must WANT to take arabic and be motivated to do work. This is not a chill, i'll just get by class. This class is however doable and on the easier side if you show up to every class and do the homework. awesome teacher and super understanding!!!!!!
5.0 : She's one of the best professors I've ever had. She actually cares about her students and encourages them. We really need more professors like her to teach future teachers. Her class was well designed and thought out. I had fun in her class too!
5.0 : This course was a bit overwhelming but she made it seem so smooth. Sometimes the material would be confusing but once i would go to her office hours she was amazing and went step by step reteaching me the lecture. She is super easy to talk to. A bit of a tough grader but you can re do homework and even the midterm for full points.
5.0 : To be honest, this professor is great she is willing to help you out as much as you need and she is super considerate and nice and also friendly. However, the subject itself is hard, so you will need to work hard and for your grade. But it's like that for any calculus class.  You will need to work hard but this teacher and class is worth it.
5.0 : Kim is just so sweet and wonderful. She won't give up finding a way to help you understand a concept no matter what. She believes every students is brilliant, and will do her best to bring out the full potential for every student that asks for help. Homework once a week. Midterm &amp; Final based on HW. Straight forward, fun, and super positive!
3.0 : Kat is very understanding. I got sick during one of the speeches and she was nice about. Mostly lectures, SPEECHES (doable), and one exam.
2.5 : She is super nice and very understanding. Easy class just listen and do all of your work! Pay attention to all speech materials and don't forget anything. Love her and an easy A!
5.0 : Really nice professor and easy course. As long as you do the work you'll be fine. Easy speeches and easy final. Her way of talking can take some getting used to, but lectures are really easy, and you can get away with not reading.
5.0 : Kat would make lots of jokes during class.
5.0 : What an Amazing class!! Not to much reading and great listening to her lectures. She gets the point across in a fun, positive way. Really listens to her students and is very helpful.
4.0 : Kat is super caring. Your grade is based off of 5 speeches, a test, and final reflection paper and they're all doable. She cares about her students and loves to chat. While she does have an annoying way of tallking, she makes up for it by having easy to understand lectures and formats for speeches. She's super passionate about the material.
4.5 : Kat is amazing. She's hilarious, laughs at her own jokes, and is all around a nice person. There were about 4-5 speeches that were very easy, one test that was easy, a paper for the final which is pretty much a reflection on what you have learned.
5.0 : Kat really cares about her students. Always says "I'm the nice teacher" and she is right. :) Answers all the questions you might need. Had one easy test and Kat gave us a very helpful study guide so as long as you study, youll be fine. Had some speeches of course but she gave plenty of time to prepare. Loved her and would definitely recommend
4.5 : I really liked Kat's class. It was pretty easy, just a few speeches and one test.
5.0 : Super nice and understanding. Honestly we didn't even use the textbook because she gave us lecture notes already printed out that we just had to fill in. She is energetic and super nice and the class is pretty much common sense. Just act like you care during your speeches and follow all the criteria from the prompt. Really good teacher!
5.0 : BEST class I have taken in college! So informative and useful in real life. Lui is an awesome professor, he is straightforward and explains the IT material in a very relatable way. Class doesn't ever run 3hrs (Thank you!). Attendance is needed if you want to pass and honestly, the class is fun. Quizzes are lecture based so know them.
5.0 : steve lui is one of the most inspiring teachers ive had. he shows interest in the subject he teaches and explains the content in a way that anyone can understand it and makes you actually want to be in his class. attendance is mandatory (quizzes every class) but if you at least paid attention, theyre easy.
5.0 : Steve is a great teacher, a super nice guy and is very knowledgeable about the subject. Do yourself a favor and take this class in the summer if you can. Material ends up being sort of abbreviated because the class is only 5 weeks.  If you are even slightly tech savvy and have restaurant experience, you will have no trouble passing this class.
4.0 : Pr.Thomas is a very nice and kind person. Easy grader when it comes to quizzes, but not too easy on grading midterm&amp;final. 15 randomly thrown quizzes throughout the whole semester, 1 debate presentation, midterm&amp;final (m/c &amp; short answer). Just do the readings and come to class even thou its not mandatory. He tests u on vids that he shows in class
2.0 : If you are an ESL student, don't choose this teacher.  He could be nicer, but he didn't willing to spend time in helping you check your review answers.  Lots of reading which are difficult.  QZs based on reading.
1.5 : This teacher never willing to spend time with students during his office hours.  Final was supposed to be multiple choice + short essay answer but he changes into purely essay final.  Lots of useless ling reading every week. Unless you have prefect English otherwise don't take him.
2.5 : previously reviews are OUTDATED. No textbook but four other books+online articles to read. Pop QZs=30% of ur grade, two exams, 25% each, 20% debate. Pop QZs are base on readings. The way he take attendance is to give these QZs. Tricky grader, doesn't want to give help during his office hour.
4.5 : Professor Thomas has a unique teaching style; one that will gently bore you to sleep. The material is interesting and his coverage of topics makes exams fair. He also provides helpful study guides. He can seem a bit dry at times, but overall a good prof that teaches some interesting issues relating to business.
5.0 : I'm an ESL student and I would say Prof. Thomas is one of the best teachers I have ever had in SFSU. I learned a lot of useful stuff from his class. He is really professional and WILLING to help you during office hours. Don't ask him to check your review study guide, that is YOUR JOB! Don't be lazy, do your work and you will be fine. Recommend A+++
4.5 : Honestly one of the most fulfilling classes I've ever taken. I wish more classes were this liberal and exposed the realities of this world instead of giving us some generic textbook to read. Weekly quizzes based on readings, and he tells you what to focus on. 2 exams, 1 debate. School is a joke and a scam but this class actually taught me something
5.0 : He gives the best lecture notes which enough to do homework. He does not grade homework however he occasionally collects them for brief review.  Tests were really hard so in order to get good grade at the end of class you should prepare to study very hard. He makes mistakes while grading exams but he is open to fix it. Extra credit was available.
4.0 : I went into class expecting it to be hard based on previous comments but man was I totally unprepared for the first homework (which i totally bombed) but don't fret, he may be hard to approach at times but if you go see him during office hours he's more than willing to help you out explaining every step you need to get the right answer.
5.0 : Really hard class, exams, and homework. Class is time consuming, but it will pay off in the end. Utilize his office hours for help on anything, he will save your life. As for helpfulness, if I can give a 100, I'd give a 100. He's hilarious so it's easy to go through his lectures.
3.0 : hes a tough guy one mistake and he'll tear your throat off. if you get through it you'll benefit, but its normal for more then half a class to disappear by the second week of class. go to his office hours, but be careful what you ask
5.0 : Professor Bar is one of the clearest and direct lecturers I've ever had. Tests were online, final was in class, but he prepares students well for it. Don't text or sleep in his class, he will call you out. Take this class, attend, stay on top of the online homework (you get endless chances on the questions), and you will get an A. No surprises.
5.0 : He is awesome. I took both ECON312 and ECON560 from him. He explained difficult concepts very clear. I would recommend you to go to his office hours if you are not clear with the materials he taught in class. But be prepared before you go to him. Exams are easy if you went through his past exams beforehand. Highly recommended!
3.0 : Professor spends the whole class period lecturing. Miss class? May not pass. Lots of homework, 20% of grade, and quizzes, 50%. Final is cumulative but he gives study guides. Also dropped lowest quiz and homework grade which is nice. Posts slides on his own website which helps when you're studying
2.5 : Class is very dry and boring. He is not going to prepare you for the exam, beside of giving you the previous exams, which are not helpful. Very time demanding class, would only recommend taking if you are only taking fewer units in that semester. However, do yourself a favor and do not attend his class.
2.0 : Intermediate Macro is not an easy course.  Dr. Bar grades with strong emphasis on proving work with calculus.  Take all extra credit opportunities and get the work done by his terms so you can pass.
3.0 : Lectures are interesting. All powerpoints which he posts online so no need to copy everything on the powerpoints. tests and homeworks are all online and you have unlimited tries so you can get an A on it all. CUMULATIVE FINAL. very similar to the study guide but so hard, no notes, or calculators, must bring id, was not prepared. avoid if you can.
4.0 : Toughest class I have ever taken.  No textbook needed.  Homework must be typed (he'll teach you how).  Practically impossible to ace a midterm or final.  But most importantly though, is that he cares about his students, and is a fair grader.   If you're up to the challenge, I definitely recommend his class.
5.0 : I will miss her! I think she's the best professor that I ever had! It was only 2 units, yet coursework was very challenging and hard at times. But, your effort and commitment are the key to do well, and she always provided clear guidelines and support! I want to take her GWAR class; at least I learned her pedagogy from this class!
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR! I would def recommend him and take him again. Attendance is mandatory and very helpful, weekly quizzes so do the reading and pay attention in class, he tells you exactly what you need to know. In class midterm multiple choice exam, take home final essay. Great teacher, VERY engaging and entertaining, especially for an early AM class. Very helpful and clear, buy the textbook and go to class and you can get an A.
4.0 : one test (the midterm) and one paper (the final). weekly quizzes which are short and easy if you come to class. very engaging and interesting, so it's not bad for a morning class.
5.0 : THE best lectures I've ever had. I'm majoring in math and CS so History is not something that I was ever inerested in, but he MADE so entertaining and interesting! On every lecture time flies even though it's like three hours. Quizzes after each lecture are not hard if you pay attention. Final paper is a bit stressful but it's all worth it.
1.5 : What are these reviewers thinking? Gerould does NOT helps students; he's annoyed by them. Gives tests every week based on the same day's lecture. Very little on the the chapters and lectures he tells u they're based on. Great waste of time! He teaches by fear and intimidation. I noticed a big drop in people asking questions in class by end of sem
5.0 : GEROULD IS THE BEST! From his lectures that keep you awake, to the infinite amount of examples he gives you to understand things, you CANNOT fail this class. It is way too amazing and interesting and one of the best i have taken in my college life so far. He taught me more than I think i could learn in one semester. Thank you Gerould!!!!
5.0 : Alex deff knows his stuff. This class is pretty much an easy A as long as you show up and pay attention. He gives weekly quizzes that are a big part of the grade, an in class midterm, and the final is a take home essay you'll write on a book from the class. He will call people out in class or for being late but he's cool. I recommend him.
5.0 : Assigns a lot of thoroughly researched and carefully selected readings. They all work to strengthen and reinforce your understanding of teaching theory. Offers some fine opportunities for independent research in which you can explore personal interests. Offers lots of very constructive and timely feedback. One of the very best professors at SFSU.
5.0 : Mark was great very helpful and funny made grammar fun and not scary. online homework walks you through tests and quizes took over summer and want to take another class with him.  Reading was simple and group work was easy and entertaining. He goes over each chapter in much detail so everyone understands the subject! Love HIM !!!!
5.0 : I have studied some of this information but found Uma's lectures compelling &amp; very interesting. I did some extra reading in the book she recommended for the course &amp; I have started on another path of study as a result.  The class was very easy &amp; the exams were fair &amp; easy the second was more challenging but fair. Lots of extra credit!
5.0 : Great teacher. Very easy going and understanding. She has many hand outs and tells you what you need to study. I personally loved her lectures as I am interested in holistic health. To me this was a great class. She is very helpful if you ask for assistance and she also replies to emails in a timely manner. Love her class, wish she taught more.
5.0 : It was a pleasure learning from her. She made learning fun &amp; easy. Very helpful.  Answered personal questions as she is a practicing acupuncturist. Crystal clear woman.  Always gave our papers back within a reasonable time frame (usually within a week). Very respectful to students.  Generous with extra credit to make sure we learned HH principles.
5.0 : Professor Bhatnagar gives a lot of extra credit. 1 midterm and a final.
5.0 : Incredible, illuminating lectures on consciousness &amp; health. Greatest teacher i've had so far at SF State.
5.0 : This class was was like fresh air from a hectic semester. Prof Bhatnagar is very knowledgeable and caring to her students. Take this for your Seg3, you won't be disappointed.
5.0 : Uma is the best! She is extremely lenient &amp; truly cares for her students. Her lectures are interesting &amp; she offers a TON of extra credit. She never takes attendance, super lenient on late papers, truly understands the stress college students are going through &amp; works with us accordingly. I 100% recommend taking her courses. Impossible to fail!
4.5 : If you're taking his 3 hr class than you MUST attend each class or you'll be completely lost. He lets you use a whole page, front and back as a cheat sheet for tests. Don't need the book at all. Test are the same as homework/notes/study guides but numbers are changed. Not the easiest class, but if you actually take the class serious, you'll pass.
3.5 : Erik is hilarious, makes the 3hr class bearable. Calculus isn't easy in general so don't expect to get an A with half-assed work. He's very clear on what he expects from you. Show up to class, pay attention. I haven't taken a single math course in over 5 years as I took a break from school and majored in art before. I still got an A. You can too.
4.5 : He's awesome. I took the 3+ hour night class. He made it entertaining
4.5 : Material is hard, but the teacher is not. If your algebra is rusty, I would NOT recommend this class. Very fast paced. Instead of waiting for students to answer him, he'll just finish the problem, barely giving us time to compute for ourselves. He's a really cool guy who will answer your questions, but if you don't ask, tough luck, he's moving on.
2.5 : Just do not take this class if you want to pass. I got an F really early on and brought it back to a C- and he ended up failing me anyway. WASTE OF TIME.
3.5 : Professor Bennett is a great guy, and if you ask for help he'll lend a hand. No lie, this class is TOUGH. Calculus is a pretty hard subject to grasp anyway, so you really have to work to pass. 2 midterms and a final, with plenty of homework. Good news is your homeworkonline quiz  scores will REALLY offset bad test grades in the end, trust me
3.5 : Great guy and good teacher. I really enjoyed going to his class. I took his 3 hour and found that he did a great job  keeping us awake and taught at a decent pace. You definitely need to brush up on your Algebra before entering this class. He won't go over anything that he feels you should already know. 2 midterms and 1 final.
5.0 : He made the 3 hour class somewhat enjoyable because he was very humorous and thorough during lecture. The tests were easy even though I studied a day before. Best professor I've had during college so far!
5.0 : Amazing Professor! One of the best professor, I've ever get.
3.0 : This 3 hour class seems a lot more intimidating than what it was. Great personality and of course fast paced for a class that is only once a week. Homework is lengthy but exams are only about 20 questions with extra free response questions so you are able to get extra points. You have to do your part and make sure to go to every class.
5.0 : Simply put, the best teacher to take for Business Calc. Without his help &amp; support I would've likely got a  C but I got a B instead because he really takes the  times to  make sure each &amp; every one of his students understands the material! Also plenty of extra credit opportunities..   Erik, if you're reading this, YOU DA REAL MVP!!
5.0 : I was hesitant about taking this class, but it ended up being my absolute favorite of the entire semester. Fantastic teacher, clear explanations, always willing to give another example, clear and upbeat lectures, gives lots of hints as to what will be on tests and allows for one page of notes, also drops your lowest test grade, light homework load.
4.0 : The teacher was great, very smart and funny, but I didn't get the help I needed because he seemed a little intimidating and it didn't help that the class was, so huge.
5.0 : Mr. Bennett is a really great calc teacher. He thoroughly explains concepts and will answer any question you have. He is also really good at posting grades. His tests are incredibly easy. He gives you  study guide that is EXACTLY like the test AND he lets you have a cheat sheet. You have to go to every class or you will miss a lot of content.
5.0 : he was an amazing teacher. he made the subject interesting and fun. he was always willing to help. and really wanted us to learn. i went in to business calculus expecting to do terribly at it, i thought i would probably fail, but i learned a lot, and easily understood the subject matter, and that is all because of Mr. Bennett.
2.5 : i took this class and expected it to be hard already but going in it was worse. He barely explains the questions you ask and makes it seem as if you're dumb. The tests have nothing to do with the study guides so you're basically on your own. I would never take him again. final is 40% of your grade.
2.0 : Had class once a week and went a whole three weeks without being at class due to thanksgiving and class cancellation, and then he gives us the final expecting us to know all of the sections that we missed. Funny guy, he knows what he's talking about, but extremely hard class if you aren't good at math. I wouldn't recommend taking this class.
5.0 : He is the best, with sense of humor, intelligent, knowledgeable, and cares his students, i took in this semester evening, and long 3 hour class, with him it passed interestingly and easily. i enjoyed with his class, highly recommend for everyone , he is handsome )))) loooove him
3.0 : First off this class is very difficult do to the material. stay on top of it, but like i said there is no way of getting around the difficulty of this class. He gives you the tools you need to succeed with bits of extra credit. def stay for the entire lecture. he tells intermittent stories that are actually funny to lighten the mood. good teacher
5.0 : So good. So prepared, knowledgable, clear, friendly, and helpful. I was very impressed and grateful. Highly recommended!
5.0 : She's actually at CSU East Bay now. Shes a great person :) I love her fun outgoing personality. She speaks truth!
5.0 : Federico goes to great lengths to be inclusive and supportive. He also understands that people learn math better in groups, so be prepared to work together with a bunch of new folks. Weekly problem sets (get easier over time), final group research project, short journal entries every class. Probably the most fun I've ever had in a math class!
4.0 : Federico has been one of my favorite professors! He's really nice and really cares about his students. His lectures are clear. Homework assignments (1 per week) are pretty easy. 2 tests and a final. Tests were straightforward, nothing too difficult. Final wasn't too difficult either. I would definitely recommend him!
3.0 : Not an easy teacher, he gives hard homework problems. His lecture is somewhat clear, and examples he gives are just copy and paste from the textbook. Examples do not help to do your homework at all.
4.5 : Dr. Ardila was a great professor. He is amazing. He really helped on office hours. There was always like 5 students in his office hours, and he really made us participate so we could learn. On average, there were about 10 problems per week. Two midterms and a final. Tests are easier than homeworks. Students can pass with a 56%.
5.0 : i really respect his work
3.0 : I have learned a bit of information that I would be able to take outside of the classroom. Not the worst class I have taken but you have to get up a lot and talk with other students about the reading.
5.0 : She is the best professor I've ever met!! She helped me every office hour and taught me zealously. Although I am international student, she was kind to me. Every class has reading assignments and there are a lot of discussion sections. Her class is early in the morning, so it's little hard to get up. However, her class must be best class.
5.0 : Jen is THE best professor I have ever had at state. She shows complete control over the subject. She also has a way of teaching where she makes the student feel good about themselves; she embraces all ideas. Very lovely teacher and mentor. Expects a lot of her students, but helps them each step of the way. Take her!
5.0 : She is passionate about the material and really cares about her students.  There is a lot of articles to read but they're very interesting and you will really learn valuable lessons.
4.0 : Professor Reck has an easy going class, as long as you do the readings. Participation is easy if you raise your hand and add to the conversation. Besides the readings, you have to submit online forums responding to the readings every week. There's also a written essay midterm and final, along with one short essay before finals.
5.0 : Jen is an amazing lecturer and mentor. I would highly suggest you taking any class taught by her. Be aware that she will push and challenge you, but in ways that impact your education in a positive way. The material she uses is fantastic, and is not dull. She is actively engaged in each of her students and class discussions.
5.0 : He is an awesome professor, always makes sure you understand the material. Class is very interesting never gets boring especially if you talk a lot. All quizs and midterms are collabrative, very easy to pass Have to study for final- can't just go along without reading
5.0 : Hamby is brilliant with his pedagogy, he addresses major worldly issues and applies them to what we learn in class. Awesome course, I was scared at first but he adopted me and filled me with knowledge.
3.0 : Go to class and take notes! Print the lecture slides out, it'll save you time and allow you to listen to what Dr. Lee needs to say. Get a study group! Make sure you know he lecture slides inside and out for the exam.
5.0 : The class is based on how well you do on your quizzes and tests. Quiz every week on the material online and a total of 4 tests. Follow the slides and keep up with the quizzes and you will do fine. Short writing assignments  online were assigned and the professor made 1 extra credit during my semester.
4.0 : I really did enjoy Dr. Hamel's class. The class was lecture-heavy, but I do believe that it was really insightful and interesting. The class is composed of two tests and a paper, with smaller assignments littered throughout the semester. Study hard for the exams, as they play a key role in your grade. I would recommend her!
5.0 : It's fairly easy if you have a good physiology and kinesiology foundation. Be sure to go in depth for your assignments. She is an extremely great lecturer and very intelligent. Although attendance is not taken, go to class and participate! Be sure to do the readings before class or she will call on you to answer questions!
5.0 : Master Dewart is amazing! I came to this class not knowing anything about Taekwondo and now that I have gotten my yellow belt, I have become passionate about it and have unlocked my potential. Don't worry if you don't get the forms down right away because Master Dewart will make sure you have it down it by the time of finals week! TAKE THIS CLASS!!
4.0 : Master Bill is well-respected in class and out of class. He may seem weak and fragile at first because of his old age, but do not let that block your imagination. He is  still kicking and alive as some students in the class. Sometimes he can be unclear in some lessons but do not let that bother you because he'll just repeat it again next time.
1.0 : Mickey as she likes to be called was unclear and confusing. No one knew what we were doing. The common complaint of the class was that class was Tuesday evening but the students received a last minute email on Sunday late night of assignments. Giving very little time to complete them. Mickey was not helpful with group projects that were assigned.
3.0 : Mickey is passionate about what she teaches.  However, her instructions for the assignments tend to be vague.  There are in-class quizzes based on readings, but she goes over them before you take them.  Tough grader and majority of your grade is based on group work.  Show up to class for extra points because they do add up in the end.  Good luck!
4.5 : Good marker, good class. Very helpful tutorials and is very passionate about the subject.  Overall one my favourites, would take again.
4.0 : took this class for fun, enjoyed the class and the content but not the papers. his lectures are good and he stays on topic. cool guy but damn i hate those papers.
5.0 : She's a great teacher and seems like a really good person. She is able to give lots of different perspectives on different issues. She has so much experience in the field that you can't ignore her expertise and advice. I would definitely recommend anybody, not just WGS students, to take her class. She's funny and understanding.
5.0 : Towards the end of the semester he acted like it was okay if you didn't show up.. but do show up! He will really prepare you for all of the tests in class. I was avoiding having to take music theory but he is very helpful and I learned everything I needed to! You need to buy the textbook and keep up on the computer exercises.
5.0 : Truly excellent lecturer. His enthusiasm for the music is palpable. I usually don't like when professors talk over the music, but in this case it's very engaging. His lecture on Wagner and Tristan was unforgettable. SF State is so lucky to have this guy. He really should be a tenured professor. A+!
5.0 : I thoroughly enjoyed each lecture!  They are long, but packed with lots of useful information.  Attendance isn't mandatory, but if you miss a class, you are missing several chapters of information.  If you study the listening examples, genre features and notes, you will pass with no problems.
5.0 : Silverman is very sweet and understanding especially when it comes to late work. She is also famous for bringing snacks to her 3 hour classes. Very easy class. No tests, just essays. Participation doesn't matter. Attendance isn't mandatory. I would recommend renting the textbook. Only complaint is that the subject itself is mind numbingly boring.
3.0 : Professor Silverman's class was super dry and hard to pay attention in. Class is super easy! Only 3 papers were graded. She did offer extra credit for staying the whole time in class since many people left early. Good professor makes you really understand the material and likes participation.
4.5 : Professor Silverman  is a great professor. She is  knowledgeable about the subject and she is very helpful if you need help or have questions.   I enjoyed taking her class and I hope you will as well!
3.0 : Professor very nice, class very easy. But not challenging nor as informative as a 4-unit research methods course ought to be. Attendance not enforced or recorded, scant assignments, and take-home tests. Yes, it's easy. But I don't feel as if I came away with any additional skills.
3.0 : Silverman was a good person to take this statistical course with; she is helpful in making sure students understand the material. There is homework every week, usually 1 SPSS (program youre taught) and 1 or 2 chapter excercise Qs. I recommend taking her, she always bring interesting stats to help teach the material. Taken stats before? it helps!
5.0 : Took two of her classes. Received an A in both. Great teacher and understands you have other classes and lives outside of school. utilize the book and e-reserves she assigns for you papers and you will have no problem passing. She is very nice and knows here subjects. Highly recommend this teacher!
4.5 : Nice lady, very friendly. She always brings food for the class. :) 4 papers, and you have to submit questions about the readings each week as part of your grade. She doesnt take attendance. Pretty easy class.
5.0 : weekly questions on the readings (very fast to do.) requires 4 papers i think. you pick a city and write a different paper about if for each time you turn in a paper. final is a paper. its mostly writing. but she gives a lot of instructions so its nothing hard. TAKE HER. easy class. didnt really use the books but theyre cheap
5.0 : Very kind person who is genuinely interested in her subject and cares about her students. The readings are a little dense since they are from primary sources, but she goes through them in class. Make sure to take good notes because not all slides get posted in iLearn, but the tests are easy if you pay attention in class.
5.0 : Really chill, low stress, class while still being interesting. I learned a lot of cool stuff and didn't have a heart attack over the final, that's a good class. Feel kinda weird checking the hot button, she has a total mom vibe going, but as far as history professors go...
5.0 : I have had Laura for a great number of my history courses, and I keep coming back to her classes because she's so outstanding. Very relaxed, laid back professor who always holds my interest. If you are a history major who still needs to take GWAR, take it with her. YOU DESERVE THAT PEPPER! You're the best!
5.0 : I took History of Science from the Scientific Revolution with her. There is a lot you have to do in the class, but she is a really good professor.
5.0 : She is awesome!!
5.0 : This professor is a little corky but she is super chill!! There is a lot of reading but it is very interesting and easy to read. You have to do a couple of essays but its honestly not that hard. Lectures are interesting and engaging. Group projects are easy A and LOTS OF MOVIES! She lets you turn things in WAYYY past due date, and is super helpful
5.0 : She is really passionate about her class, and while she's not an "easy A," if you're ever stuck you can always email her and she'll help you out.
5.0 : Taking Professor Lisy-Wagner's GWAR class has been the highlight of my academic career so far. She was incredibly helpful in developing our writing and very understanding of when life got in the way. She is one hundred percent there for you and I feel like I am a better writer because of her.
1.0 : Joel is monotonous knowledgeable about theatre history but honestly could put anyone in a coma with his voice acts like he is a big time star comedian really isn't  I don't recommend him at all
5.0 : Isn't Lisa the most wonderful Professor in sfsu ! If you want a great professor with a great sense of humor and a wonderful personality then She is the one. She's extremely open minded and easy going. You may have to write a couple of essays every now and then, but they're super easy and graded fairly. 100000% would take again.
5.0 : simply the best teacher ever. so sweet. wants her students to pass. strongly recommend her!!
5.0 : She is nice and also her classes are easy. but you have kind of many hw and you should go every classes
5.0 : Most kind and helpful professor. 4/5 major speeches but all very easy as long as you do them. Class was geared mostly towards foreign exchange students since its offered to ESL kids, but overall it was a pretty easy class. Takes attendance. Helpful feedback from speeches.
5.0 : Most wonderful and caring professor ever.
4.5 : Lisa is the nicest most caring teacher I've ever had. I took her 210 class and it was just so much fun and super easy. She is clear and forgiving. Take her!!!!! promise you won't regret it.
5.0 : Most caring and helpful. She's my favorite professor.
5.0 : Have taken a lot of my english classes with her. Shes great
5.0 : Professor Pena is great. His sense of humor keeps the class entertained and his passion for health is clear. I learned more about AIDS/HIV than I could have ever imagined and all thanks to him. If you care about this pandemic then take him. Grade is based on reflections on the reading and the final paper and presentation.
3.0 : Jose Ramon is very organized, but I did not enjoy his class excessively. He kind of has an attitude sometimes and put students on the spot a lot. Idk, I don't enjoy that style of teaching. He is extremely accomplished in program planning, though, and is really inspirational in that way. He will also make time for you outside of class.
4.0 : Good teaching skills and very organize You won''t have a hard time if you go to class and listen to him. A con about professor Jose Ramon is that his humor may be a little too much. The way he talks to you can be a bit disrespectful. He comes off too sarcastic sometimes making you afraid to speak up. He can also embarrass you at times.
5.0 : Looks can be decieving. Jose Ramon may look intimidating in class but he is there for his students. He is there and i really mean there for all his students. He will have office hours everyday and you will be able to reach out for help. Majority of the class will be group work and you will learn how to work as a team to complete a 25pg grant paper
5.0 : By far the best instructor I have ever had at SFSU. He is passionate about what he does and really cares about your progress. He stresses the importance of reading, which benefits the student because all of the readings are super interesting! We read Maltese Falcon, Fight Club, and some dystopia material! I LOVE Dr. Gill, TAKE THIS CLASS
5.0 : Professor Gill is an amazing professor and REALLY cares about your success in the class. You don't need to attend every class, but he has quizzes at the beginning of most classes and gives a bonus 1/3 of a letter grade if you show up everyday. also lets you re do your essays for a higher grade. Great professor and really cool!
4.5 : THIS CLASS IS A LOT OF WORK! I cannot stress it enough. Weekly work on ilearn, papers, readings, it becomes exhausting. Final portfolio is worth 70% of your grade so make sure you really work on it, it can make or break your grade.
4.5 : I should have written this a while ago, but I didn't because I didnt realize what horrible teachers are out there and how great Prof. Gill is! He cares for his students and encourages them to care. Grades harder on the first write, but then you get a rewrite and he tells you exactly what you need to change. Take him!!!
5.0 : He was an amazing teacher for my science fiction class and we read so many great books. There were also a lot of group discussions which were awesome. I would definitely take him again.
4.5 : He was awesome! I failed English the semester before, and then got an A in his class. He totally revived my interest in writing, and taught me more than all my past English teachers combined. He's tough on his students, but that's just because he cares. If you can deal with his gruff persona, he'll be one of the best teachers you'll ever have.
4.5 : you have weekly grammar homework on ilearn that takes maybe 10min most, Occasionally a writing assignment that takes like 15, weekly reading of a  very short story- read them and you pass the quiz. 2 essays, 1 poem/story, you get to revise them at the end of the semester. 2 books with test.  Show up, participate, do the reading and he'll love you.
4.0 : I took this class because of his ratings and don't be fooled it is NOT that easy. Unless you're extremely confident in your writing I would not take Gill. He is a very STRICT grader on his papers, every detail gets marked down, never got more than a C on a paper. He doesnt like giving A's out so thats one thing. If you could steer clear, I would!
4.5 : Weekly reading and test, weekly papers, a good amount of writing but its easy writing but always show up to class or you won't pass this class. I recommend him because he is super funny and always gets me to laugh, plus if you have a 3 hour class he'll let you leave early.
1.0 : If you're looking for an easy teacher, he is not one. He is a harsh grader on his essays, so be prepared to work hard and go to office hours for his essays. You will have to participate in class, and attend his quizzes or you will fail.
5.0 : David Gill is an amazing teacher.  Extremely smart and dedicated.  He deeply cares about his students, +  super interesting to listen to lecture.  Class consists of 3 essays, which you can redo as many times as you like for the grade you want. Expect a lot online homework and to read 2 books -they are actually pretty good, not a big reader myself-
2.5 : Really hard grader, books are borings, but when you need help he is there for you. I passed my last english class with an A but not in his class. Participation matters, so be ready to engage. He gets disappointed when you don't get involved in class discussions.
3.0 : I was so excited to take this course for GE, (science fiction that is), but that was a mistake. At least some of the books were good.
5.0 : The best teacher ever. This guy actually teaches you rather than bully you around like other health science professors at csueb. At the end you don't even learn anything from them because they frustrate you so much. But gamba is the real deal.
5.0 : Dr. Luna is extremely helpful and a "buffer" to resolve difficulties that arise.  She is very flexible and understanding.  She treats you like an adult.  You do what you are supposed to do, no problem.  Even when you are not in her class, she's willing to help students.  I miss her.
5.0 : THE BEST CLASS I HAVE EVER TAKEN!!! LECTURE ARE AMAZING !!!! Attendance is really important. I will recommend anyone to take his class.
5.0 : Instructor adjusts her lectures and in-class activities to meet the needs of her learners. Smart and organized, but not pretentious or unapproachable.
5.0 : Helen is an excellent teacher! I would say one of the best teachers I've ever had. She is very knowledgeable, clear in her instruction, stays on task and makes the class interesting. She also listens! If you ask a question or provide a comment, she actually carefully listens to what you have to say and answers accordingly. Keep up the great work!
5.0 : She helped me learn a lot about my grammar and editing skills are better. I like the mood in her classroom, she is funny and explanation is clear. You will enjoy her teaching!
4.5 : Maureen is a very kind person. She expect us to do homework and study in our free time. She doesn't like students to be using their electronics during the class. Besides, she really cares about her students. She doesn't like when students are late. She also gives a lot of homework so my advice is go to her office hours.
5.0 : Awesome and super helpful teacher
5.0 : She's an amazing teacher!
5.0 : The best teacher ever! She is so caring and knowledgeable. Gives many homework which is like 10-15 min work. highly recommend her
5.0 : Professor Fitz. is very nice, but she is strict and makes sure you know your position as her student in her class. She demands for you to always pay attention and not talk in her class. However, her teaching technique is very effective. I recommend!
4.5 : She is very helpful and always give good feedback. Works are except-able, best  professor in sfsu so far.
5.0 : She's so caring. She's my favorite professor! Take her you will learn a lot!
5.0 : Maureen is really one of a kind. I've taken many classes with her.  Lots of homework but amazing professor
5.0 : She is the BEST!!!
4.5 : His will seem very intimidating and I mean VERY intimidating. However, he is a nice man. Most of all, he is extremely knowledgable. Assigns 4 mandatory 900-1000 page papers and the 5th one is extra credit. Totally manageable as he goes over the essay answers in class. So don't be absent!
5.0 : THIS IS BY FAR ONE OF THE GREATEST TEACHERS I'VE EVER HAD THE CHANCE TO MEET. He is absolutely hilarious and makes lectures so much fun. This semester I had him for History of Latinos in the U.S. 4:10-6:55 and I always wanted to be in class. 4 Essays a lot of reading but he's specific on what he wants so it's easy and fun!
5.0 : My favorite professor by far. Professor Almaguer changed the course of my college career because how amazing he is at what he does. He teaches with so much passion and makes the class enjoyable. He is a tough grader on the essays but he goes into great detail about what is required within them. There are only 4 essays all semester. 100% recommend!
4.5 : By far the best class I have ever taken and best professor I have ever had. I really enjoyed his class and his lectures. This class changed my major to Latino/a studies. Any opportunity you have to take him, take it! You will come out of his class looking at the world with a different view. He has five assignments one which is optional.
4.0 : One of my favorite professors so far. His outline of the class is really simple and he makes it very clear of what he wants from you. Really great lectures, shows intriguing documentaries, and the reading (although it was a lot), was very insightful! Your only assignments are 4 essays, all you need to do is show up and stay on top of your reading!
5.0 : Tomas's class was super helpful and really opened your eyes to the Latino/Chicano community. You write 4 papers and that basically determines your grade. Try to follow the study guide for readings, but if you don't, read read read for the essays. As long as you follow his instructions, you will be fine!
4.0 : One of the best courses I have taken at SFSU, his lectures are enjoyable. He only gives 5 essays and requires you to do 4 of those essays. He is intimidating but a good professor.
5.0 : Professor Almaguer is absolutely brilliant. His lectures are interesting, hilarious (although the content absolutely isn't), and clear as day. He really makes you work for the grade, which is something I respect immensely. Overall, he is an incredible professor and it saddens me that he's leaving soon.
3.5 : He is straight-forward and is extremely knowledgeable. His lecture always support/clarify the assigned reading but he's VERY entertaining so I loved attending class + he took attendance (which is only to boost your grade). Do the readings and follow his simple directions (only 4 papers) to pass. One of the best classes I've taken, learned so much!!
4.0 : Just 5 essays throughout the semester and one is extra credit , no tests. A couple books to read but he gives you plenty of time. Very funny guy. Takes attendance everyday
4.5 : Professor Anderson is clearly passionate about what he teaches. Although I had little interest to archeology prior, he heightened it with his lecture-engagement. Do be aware, however: he is pretty monotone and low-speaking. I would envision that those who are truly interested into archeology will love this class and his depth in lectures!
4.5 : If you are taking this class for a GE credit, be prepared to do more work than expected. I spent about 3-4 hours/week preparing for this class, which was a bit ridiculous for my previous experiences. If you memorize his lectures you will do well on the exams, but be prepared to have to put in a lot of work EACH WEEK. Do not fall behind!!!
4.0 : Okay, get ready to read, a TON. BUT, it is worth it (And I didn't ever finish all of the readings). Pay attention during his lectures, he uses random facts from the powerpoints as vocab words on the midterm/final. You don't have any papers to write for this class, so take the film questions seriously. Would take 10 times again, loved it!
5.0 : He is my favorite teacher at state!  He is SO passionate about what he is teaching and he has been to literally every place he lectures on so that makes it awesome to hear about the real experience.  Learning archaeology is honestly one of the most interesting and coolest subjects to study.
4.5 : His lectures are very interesting.
4.5 : The readings are long and the movies are longer but it is still interesting.
3.5 : Anderson is hilarious, and loves what he teaches. LOTS of reading, so try to keep up! You'll have brief weekly assignments for the discussion section, and two lectures a week. Lectures can feel long but are pretty interesting and extremely helpful for the midterm and final. Loved the class, learned a lot of interesting Greek mythology.
5.0 : His class is either really tough or really easy depending on how you feel about memorizing. The tests are just basically a lot of facts you need to memorize and spit out plus a little analyzing of the piece of art (the analyzing is EASY) He's really nice and actually very helpful when you ask for his help.
5.0 : Such an interesting class!  He is so enthusiastic about what he teaches that its almost impossible not to be interested during lectures!  Even if your not interested in archaeology, the class has so much more to it you're bound to find something you like. Tests are easy, theres a study guide and if your good at memorizing, an easy A!
4.0 : Great Professor. Same Personality and teaching style as Prof. Verma. Do all the work and you will get a A. Half way through the semester, he  decided to make the class online rather than in class because  it was better for us since this was a night class. 5  HW essay questions and a couple software usage assignments, with midterm and final (essay).
5.0 : Willing to help students, has an open discussion lecture format, and is very clear in her instruction!
4.5 : Professor Hua, was my favorite this semester. Her lectures were never boring and class was always fun. I enjoyed every moment in her class. She did a good job going over lectures and made sure she gave students a voice to participate. She was loved by the whole class. Discussion in class were very informative. I will recommend her class.  GWS
5.0 : She is amazing. So nice! She is very understanding. Listens to you if you are going thru a tough time. The readings she assigns are long but at least you don't have to buy any books. Writing assignments are straight forward. She's always willing to explain more if your confused and she'll let you email your paper if you can't make it to class!! XO
5.0 : I loved professor Hua! This class was one of my favorites of the semester. Class is usually open discussion format and you watch a lot of documentaries. This class was never boring. Although some of the readings were long they were still very interesting. She is a very nice person and understanding when it comes to late work. Fair grader as well.
2.5 : A LOT of reading and if your not a WGS major it will make little to no sense. She is very helpful and nice. Be prepared to sit and talk about the reading. there are a few 2 pg reading reflections and a few written journals and one 10 page final paper. She is very understand but the class is hard to follow if you have no previous class on WGS.
5.0 : Professor Hua is an amazing teacher.  She's effervescent and optimistic and fills the room with good energy, which makes it easy to want to contribute in class discussions.  Her grading system is straight forward and absolutely fair.  She also does a great job of using various types of media in her lectures and class discussions.
4.5 : Professor Hua is honestly one of the best professors I've had so far. She very fair and understanding, she gave me huge extensions since I had been coming to class. She knows what she's talking about and is passionate. She funny too and takes the time to learn every students name even though we had 70 students. Overall an amazing professor
5.0 : Good teacher, grades fairly easy, great for those who sit in class use their laptops the entire time. If your already familiar with basic network security, this class is nothing new.
3.0 : Professor Verma may be a great teacher and knows his stuff but all his classes are based on lectures. I feel that the class is very unorganized and you really won't learn much in his class. He' easy to talk to but honestly I did not really learn anything in his class. He teaches other classes so beware.
4.0 : He is a very intelligent teacher who will help you beyond the class. His classes consist of a 20% midterm (in class with no notes) and a 30% final exam (take home with notes) featuring short answer essay questions. He also requires you to do a 20% individual project which he grades pretty harshly as well as a 30% group project.
3.0 : I idolized Verma for his external work prior to taking this class. With that being said, I don't think he's as good an instructor as most deem him to be. Don't get me wrong, he knows his stuff...but! Lectures tend to go off-topic, slow to respond to email queries, etc. I feel like he's too busy with other work. Did not learn much about the subject.
4.5 : Verma is very knowledgeable teacher in the field of Computer network,security. It was a very enjoyable class and his topics are current and interesting. One in class test, one take home test, then one group project. You can't fail unless you don't do anything
5.0 : This was a great class. I learned a lot and it was indispensable for my understanding of making it in this field.
5.0 : Loved this class and the screenings we produced.
5.0 : Best lab professor I've ever had! He is an expert in teaching the subject as he is a surgeon, and while it may seem like he goes fast at times, that is just because there is just a lot of information. Extremely helpful and thorough and has a great sense of humor! Environment is great for learning anatomy,.
4.5 : Jeff is extremely knowledgeable and provides an excellent learning experience. He helps you build a foundation that can make your career.
3.0 : if you're taking accounting because you have to, not b/c it's your major, then he'd be the way to go in my opinion. He breaks the material down if it doesn't seem like ppl get it (pro); His grading is straightforward: just pass the 3 exams and DO the hw, AND Show up to every lecture (includes attendance in final grade)
4.5 : Took Professor Van in Fall 2014. He is very straightforward and tells students what he expects right away. Financial accounting is a difficult class for most and is fundamental for accounting majors. There are 2 tests and a final. DO THE HW ONLINE, ask questions and show up to class. Test questions are based off of hw questions! not easy but doable
4.0 : Charles Van is the man. He lectures really good but the material was just too hard for me. I would take again since he really cares about his student. Try to choose this professor, you won't regret. Probably my most favorite professor.
4.0 : Professor Van was nice, but can come off as strict. The class itself is hard, but if you spend time to learn and understand all the rules and concepts, you'll be fine. He really wants you to pass. His lectures can be long, but he makes them interesting where he can!
1.5 : I would not recommend taking his class! He's not very helpful! I got a better understanding using yahoo! He likes to humiliate students . I asked a question and regretted doing so . The test are fair , once you know what your doing but save time and money by picking a different teacher .
5.0 : Prof. Van lectures with PPT, he put the textbook materials into a more understandable way for students. He explains materials and exams quick but clear, but sometimes it gets boring when looking at the PPT. He basically answer every questions people ask. If you do hw and the practice exams, you will pass. Btw, he takes attendency EVERY class.
3.0 : I took his 3-hour lecture class. Every chapter consisted of a power point of about 20-30 slides. In the later chapters he starts to switch from power points to information examples on excel sheets. The power points have the vocabulary and examples for the homework or test, but in a different manner. Exams are alright, you just need to study.
4.5 : He's scary the first couple weeks but he gets pretty funny after that. Accounting is a hard class but Charles really walks you through it and it's very clear on the steps so it was easy to understand. I was really scared coming into the class bur it ended up not being that bad!
4.0 : He is really intense the first week of school as if he is trying to scare you off, but after that he is actually pretty nice. He has a great way of teaching where he takes various approaches to talk about the material so no matter what way you learn it can make sense. GO TO CLASS, you won't pass if you don't. He sometimes makes bad jokes too.
4.0 : Took Charles for ACCT 100 &amp; 101. There's HW for every chapter. 3 MC exams which are easy if you study. Provides mock exams but don't memorize it. Ask him to curve the exams and he will curve to the highest grade in the class. He is strict but once you get to know him, he is not that scary. He's really helpful during office hours and quick w/ emails
4.0 : 3 MC Exams. I don't even know how I got an A- but I did. He's scary at first but once you get to know him and maybe even kiss up to him a little, he'll remember you and might even curve the exams. I didn't really study his PPTs but if you do, you'll definitely pass his class. He's very chill! Sucks that I'm not taking him for ACCT 101.
5.0 : Amazing professor! He will see your effort if u try, go to his office hours if you don't understand the material and don't miss the class.
4.0 : Acct 100 is not difficult; go to class, take notes review the material from that weeks lecture 10 minutes after class &amp; 10 minutes before the next class and you wont need to study 4 exams. There's a lot of overlap once you hit ch. 6 so tying concepts together helps drastically. Not the most helpful prof, but obviously understands accounting.
5.0 : 50 questions for all exams(including finals), therefore each question is worth two point which is a lot as he uses the standard grading rubric of C(70-80)B(80-90)A(90-100) etc for exams. As long as you go to class, practice mock exams, and read his material's it'll be an easy A or B. majority of exam questions are in mock exams and in-class slides
5.0 : A bit draining because the class is 3 hours long, but Prof. Van is excellent! 3 tests &amp; weekly HW due before class make up your grade, &amp; while a lot of it is easy if you show up, the accounting problems are a good challenge. Try to get only the eBook if you can. His PPTs summarize it pretty well, but you need it for HW, &amp; the textbook is pricey.
4.5 : Take him if you want to learn. A very good teacher, knowledgeable with the real life experience. Highly recommend.
5.0 : One of the few professors that I actually anticipate going to class! Right off the bat you realize Prof. Van is truly passionate in the way he teaches, which is a rare encounter in universities IMO. He teaches in a way that helps you remember and provides a lot of helpful analogies to help you remember. Do the homework, pay attention  good grade.
5.0 : I've taken prof. Van for ACT100 and currently 101. Intimidating at first, but once he gets going he is pretty hilarious. Go to class and pay attention, go over slides and do the homework and you can pass this class without a problem! Goes through material thoroughly and provides plenty of analogies to help you remember. Better than most professors.
4.0 : He is good if you want to learn, got to show up to class or you are going to miss a lot.  His grading is straight forward, three exams and weekly online homework.
5.0 : Charles Van is very good teacher. He wants all his student to pass his class. Always want everyone to be on the same page &amp; understand what he's teaching. it's not easy because accounting itself is a complex subject.
4.0 : This class isn't something that you can get by without putting in the work. Professor has a great method of teaching concepts and making sure you understand it. He's really straightforward with all the material. Just do the reading, look at the slides, do the hw and he always answers any questions you have and helps you any way he can. Great guy!
2.0 : Maybe if he wasn't full of himself he'd realize his class and teaching style aren't helping students. I get that understanding the basics will help you with more difficult questions, but the way he teaches makes it more difficult to understand. He acts like it's easy (which could be for him) but for someone just learning, it's difficult. Also rude.
4.0 : Financial Accounting is a hard class in general if you're new to the material, so no matter which instructor you get,  it won't matter. Charles Van is super helpful, so definitely ask questions or go to his office hours if you're struggling. Tests are based off of homework problems and slides, and the final is noncumulative.
5.0 : He is a harsh grader. The final exam was take home and he gave pop quizzes. His lectures are his chance to promote his political opinion and if you dont think like him your grade will suffer.
5.0 : Professor Melhus is a great teacher. His passion for sustainable practices  really comes in the course. One thing to keep in mind is this course is nearly double the workload of most other courses in the MBA program so if you have a full load you may have a difficult time
3.0 : I think he's retiring after Spring'16. Very tough grader. Originally, I didn't enroll into his but our teacher was replaced by him due to some academic issues. w/e If Eng is your second language, you need to drop it immediately. I am ESL and did most of the work but he has high expectations. You NEED to attend class, participate, write well in Eng
4.5 : The good: engaging lectures/discussions, interesting concepts, fair grading (you do the work, you get the grade even if you do not agree with everything he says). The minuses: a ton of reading/writing (7-8 hours of homework every single week), pop quizzes, and a group project (he picks your group for you).
5.0 : Best teacher at SFSU. easy class. Not much work just a 1 page memo every week. no exams  .
5.0 : Wonderful teacher &amp; class. One of the best I've ever taken at the school. Take this class only if you're good with grammar or you're going to suffer in points. It has interesting cases which produces interesting discussions between the groups in class. Weekly assignments and readings + final. Participation counts. Not a hard class nor an easy one.
4.5 : Interesting lectures. Required a lot of reading and writing. Harsh grader, but gives enough opportunities to make up for all possible points. Pop quizzes--try not to be late to class! Must have textbook, to know the material for the quizzes. Wants all students to talk 2-3 times per class lecture--deducts participation points at the end if you don't
5.0 : Freeman was easily the best teacher I have ever had. Awesome guy and awesome lectures. Easy class. No tests, just a few essays and weekly blog posts on any topic of your choosing. No textbooks. Must participate. I believe fall 2015 was his last semester of teaching, but if he comes back, TAKE HIM!
4.0 : Dan is the best!! always wants his students to participate and he gives you a chance to open your mind about life. Truly a pleasure to be in his class.
4.5 : He gives amazing lectures. He's very friendly and easy to talk to. Loves when students participate, makes lectures relatable to everyone. Very inspirational! I definitely would take him again if I could!
5.0 : He is so understanding. If you miss class, just talk to him and he'll most probably understand. He doesn't give quizzes, just a bunch of really cool creative projects. I took him twice for two different classes and I passed both with an A. He's great.
4.5 : This was by far my favorite class for my first semester. Freeman is inspirational, he's great, and he's understanding. He helps you become a better writer. We free write, have interesting group discussions, and his class is just overall quite amazing. I loved going to his class it was the perfect end to my day. TAKE FREEMAN.
5.0 : In all my years of taking english, I always dreaded taking it. But ever since I took his class I actually have a greater understanding of what teachers go through. He is the most down-to-earth man ever. If you ever need help, please please please go to this man. Tears were shed so much throughout this class, realest english teacher ever.
5.0 : You must have this teacher! He has expanded my writing/creativity. You'll learn more about life in this class then any other class. You can write about whatever you want &amp; you get to hear your peers opinions/views/feedback. This is a teacher who really cares!Best teacher I've ever had,&amp; if you try it's an easy A because the class is so interesting!
4.5 : freeman is a homeboy of the highest level and definitely my favorite professor so far. if you want to learn rigidly about english and nothing else, maybe don't take this class. if you want your mind expanded to the farthest corners of the galaxy then do it... class is completely centered around discussions and encouraging critical thinking.
4.5 : Freeman is a great teacher! He is extremely laid back and open to any and everything. He pushed all of us to be creative whether it was making films or writing essays. He has few due dates and all you have to do is something creative(write a poem, take a picture, write a story etc).We had optional group work and a lot of sharing our work in class.
5.0 : He's honestly one of the most inspiring professors you'll come across at SFSU. After finishing this course you'll not only be a stronger writer but a more motivated and better human being. He does grade papers hard but if you go to office hours he's very helpful.
4.0 : This guy is very chill, he wants you to talk and be part of the discussion everyday. If you want to learn about general English (grammar and such) dont take this class. This guy wants you to think out of the box and to engage with the class. Would recommend this guy.
4.5 : Freeman is not just an incredible teacher, he is an amazing person and truly cares about his students' success. He takes the time to develop a relationship with each of his students and really pushes them to strive to do their best. If you participate in his class and show him real effort, you will pass with no problem.
5.0 : Dan Freeman is a rare teacher.  He teaches to expand your consciousness, to help to you grow and challenge your critical thinking abilities, to support you in discovering your artistic gifts, and to encourage you to become an engaged and vocal citizen. He is there to teach you and to hear your voice, but only if you are ready and eager to learn.
5.0 : Such an amazing teacher! He's pretty random at times but he's fun to listen to. You have to participate in class since that's basically what he bases his grading on. There's a lot of blog posts to do but it's nothing hard. Aside from all that, I would take another class with him.
2.5 : Dan is a great teacher and keeps the class interesting; however he tends to favor other students more than others and grades this way.  Overall he is actually a really nice man and cares about your education.
5.0 : I was a student at SFSU in 2012.  I left after my first semester &amp; now attend UCSB. I was thinking about my time at SFSU &amp; remembered what an amazing and inspirational teacher Freeman was. I wouldn't be the writer I am today without taking his class. I recommend everyone take him, I was genuinely excited to go to his class. He's truly a great guy!
4.5 : Use creativity and talk to him if you're having trouble. He's understanding and genuinely cares. It is all about your effort.
5.0 : BEST CLASS I EVER HAD. No lie, I had no class come close to this. This class will open your mind, change your viewpoints on life, and get you thinking about things that you haven't before. We talk about controversial topics and get into depth like no other class would. You get a chance to speak your mind and BE CREATIVE! Freeman is dope af!!!
5.0 : Dan Freeman is the man. He highly encourages creativity and his assignments are generally rewarding if you put time into it. Group discussions feel like casual conversation and topics vary wildly. His level of sarcasm can often go over people's head sometimes, but generally he is funny to most students. I wish he offered more classes.
4.5 : If you want your easy A you have to attend class and participate. I completed all the assignments and attended 80% of the classes. I received a B because I did not talk as much as the other students. I would say one thing in each class and he still gave me a B. He wont tell you what grade you will get so it is kind of confusing.
5.0 : Awesome teacher! Definitely made me a better writer. Just one essay per unit, and daily note-taking for your unit folder. Super simple and straightforward.
2.5 : Works are intensely a lot! You would not have time for other classes. Think twice. A very tough grader that expects you to have a phd level of writing skills.
5.0 : This was not an easy class, but I learned a great deal. If you want to learn to write well, take this class. The course is designed to be helpful (assignments are very practical), but you are definitely expected to work.
5.0 : Dr. Gard does a good job of covering a lot of material in a thoughtful way. The course is designed with videos, activities and lecture, so it is really engaging. I definitely recommend this course to anyone interested in abnormal psych!
1.5 : Only one word to describe him: HARD!
1.0 : Disorganized and painful.
5.0 : Great Professor. tests are super easy, you have to study tho. reading over his notes a few times should get you a passing grade. has very interesting videos to help support the lecture material. and he is hilarious.
5.0 : Highly recommended.
1.5 : Not recommended. Tough grader!
3.5 : I have a love-hate relationship with this teacher. I love this class because you do learn a lot, my hate derives from the intensity, and the fact that nothing we write will ever be good enough. I experienced my first migraine, lasting 3 days, because of this class. It is extremely stressful and you have 0 time for your other classes-- LITERALLY!!!
2.0 : Not recommended if you're not a native speaker. Tough grader!
3.5 : Dr. Hafernik is wonderful. He's very passionate and knowledgable about what he teaches. He's so sweet and kind, I enjoyed being in his class everyday!  Don't get the textbook, all necessary information is on the PowerPoint slides on iLearn .When he does take role he gives extra credit and provide answers for tests that he won't put on the slides.
4.0 : This teacher is a genius at what he teaches.  Although, he expects you to know a lot coming into the class and he moves at a quick pace.  If you like biology, physiology, or evolution this is a great class.  You will learn a lot
3.5 : Hafernik is the sweet grandpa type! He loves animals and knows his stuff. Class is hard though- a lot of terminology and you HAVE to study and review your notes to remember this stuff. Book is never used, two midterms and a final, easy 50 extra credit points, and will only take role in random lectures to give 10 points just for being there.
4.0 : He wants to help you succeed! I learned a great deal about JSR. He is passionate and encourages student participation, participation is about 25% of your final grade, so be prepared to show up and contribute. He provides all the books. Is a genuine caring human! Go. To. Office. Hours. Papers were challenging.
3.0 : 3 essays and mandatoryish reading but he gave us the books for free. Everyone I know got a B in the class. His lectures are interesting and engaging.
4.5 : Professor Dollinger is the best professor I've ever had. His lectures are amazing and he's such a funny guy. History has always been a subject I liked and he made me love it even more. Both midterms and the final are essays. One big paper during the semester that he allows you to revise as many times as you want!
5.0 : Most amazing professor I have ever taken! Actually makes History fun and entertaining. Easy to follow during lectures and super understanding! Highly recommend!!!! :)
4.0 : I took Dollinger for a JS class and took his history class the following semester. They aren't easy classes but he is a really good lecturer and gives you several opportunities to raise your grade. Every paper he assigns he gives you the opportunity re write it as many times for a better grade.
4.0 : Professor Dollinger is fantastic! He does all he can to ensure his students succeed and understand the course material. Showing up to office hours can seriously save you. You HAVE to read if you want to get a good grade-- that's what he tests you on. 2 essay midterms, 2 short reading quizzes, a 6-page analytical paper, and a two essay final.
4.0 : Professor Dollinger was great! He was very helpful when I needed feedback on my first essay(he lets you resubmit it)!He made his students feel important by engaging in conversations and rewards for great thoughts (pencils). His lectures were very interesting !Attendances is important for extra credit points throughout the semester!
5.0 : So kind and funny. You do have to read but if you kind of skim it over you'll be fine. Pay attention during lectures, they're fun and very helpful. The midterms and final are essays so be prepared. This is the time where you need 2 study the book. He gives the Qs beforehand so study your response at home and try to remember it in class. Its helpful
5.0 : Sanders is awesome and most definitely not afraid to speak her mind. Easy class as long as your willing to put in the effort. Don't buy the textbooks. Attendance is mandatory. Participation will help, but not mandatory. Unlimited amount of extra credit. Also, read the syllabus carefully because she likes to hide extra credit points in there.
5.0 : Great class! All materials were interesting to go over. Participation is necessary but overall a really good, pretty easy if you pay attention (which isn't hard) and do all your work.
4.5 : I took her for my GWAR. From the very first day she let us know about what we were going to be doing and how we would be graded. She was always there for help and even would email me if she thought that I might need to talk to her about my paper. Was a wonderful professor.
4.0 : Really caring professor. She let us turn assignments late and knew most student weren't gonna become scholars so she was laid back. You still have to work for your grade. I would decently take her again
5.0 : Great teacher, funny, informative. Class is not mandatory but on wednesdays for note taking. Mid terms are somewhat easy but she grades a bit harsh. I would recommend showing up everyday and just going to sleep since lectures don't mean anything. There a presentation and a final paper due.
5.0 : Great teacher. Super speedy about getting papers back to you. You can always email him if you have a question, although all of his assignments are very clear. I would recommend taking this class with him, he makes this boring required class exciting.
5.0 : Professor Maurice is awesome ! 4 papers, APA format, current issues, one midterm, one group presentation final (flexible, on whatever) one resume assignment, he lets us out an hour early usually, midterm straight from textbook! reads from textbook in class. he's made me a better writer! class is designed to pass with an A. don't miss class
5.0 : Prof. Maurice is a really nice guy (maybe too nice). He is prompt to respond to e-mails (which he encourages) and grades papers super fast. All writing is business related therefore is beneficial. I'm an ESL student, and this class seems pretty easy. 1 essay, 1 business proposal, 2 reports, and one presentation (or a paper). Great guy. Take him!
5.0 : There was so much I learned through this class regarding Transmedia franchises and how they worked. It was enjoyable although we did work at it. We had homework. Mostly these were papers analyzing the textbook we read or an episode of a television series we watched. We also were assigned to write Fanfiction and participate in a loose RPG.
5.0 : Nancy is a great professor. She knows a lot of information and tends to talk a lot. I don't recomend buying her book, I never read a chapter although I am sure it is helpful to have (but not necessary). Her online quizzes are tough but overall I think she is a fair grader.
3.0 : Very nice dedicated teacher, but it's a LOT of work in this class. NO in-class exams, quizzes or final, they're all on iLearn w/ unlimited time, love that, but they take 1-2 hours, there's like 6 of them. Textbook Needed! There's also a big group project in the last 2 months &amp; 1 paper. Just comes down to the iLearn exams and group project for an A.
3.0 : There was SO much homework for this class. The info is interesting, but taking my one day off/week to sit in front of my computer for anywhere from 6-8 hours for an incredibly long Prezi lesson-anywhere from 10-15 15+ minute videos included-then two essays a week, then a follow-up to the essay, and two quizzes every week isn't fun. A LOT OF WORK.
5.0 : Sami is awesome! She uses a wide variety of teaching methods throughout her class, is extremely clear on what she wants, but also lets you take free reign on how you want to approach the topics of your assignments. She has a decent amount of reading, but most of it is good stuff and not really a lot of fluff. Definitely recommended.
4.5 : Morris is a great instructor. He is dedicated to his students' success and gives detailed, caring feedback. The lesson planning assignments were rigorous but also very useful.
3.5 : There's a lot of group discussion in this class. He likes to assign articles and the next class there is a group discussion about it. He said if you miss 2 weeks worth of class you won't pass his class. He takes attendance. He is a pretty tough grader but he allows you to redo 2 of your papers. I wrote 3 papers for his class and he's clear on dates
5.0 : Morris is wonderful. If you're working towards becoming a teacher, he's the best. He gives tons of insight, provides countless resources, &amp; he genuinely cares about his students. He's funny &amp; approachable. He assigns various low stakes writing assignments &amp; two major projects. He uses one teaching book &amp; a few articles. I highly recommend him!
4.0 : Really tries to be personable, memorizing everyone's name on the first day, often tries to engage students by name in his lectures. Adds humor into his lectures. Labs were pointless with only like 4 or so "group labs" the entire semesters, everything else was a joke. Online hw every once in a while, available on iLearn, plus quizzes every so often.
5.0 : Great instructor! His slides are informative yet concise and the quizzes and exams are taken straight from same. Reading the text isn't a hard requirement, but important if you want to get the full scope of the subject. Has funny anecdotes and jokes. A++ would take again.
5.0 : The class is incredibly in depth. Dr. Teh does a wonderful job at conveying and relating topics in an easy to understand manner. Do not put off the homework till last minute, although you are typically given two weeks per assignment, take initiative and do it all as soon as possible. The amount of work put in equals what grade you'll get.
5.0 : He took a dry subject and made it interesting enough, so great effort! 3 tests, 3 hws and lots of matrix calculation.
5.0 : This class was great. We got really in depth about carbon fiber layers. Very interesting! There are like 3 or 4 HW the whole year, very nice. we work a lot with matrices, but more on the conceptual side. We did not put math into them very often and then again for the final. There is one open ended 2 person project. Highly recommended.
5.0 : His lectures are great! It helps to read the book too
4.0 : Professor Teh is very nice and helpful. I can''t say the class was an easy A but he explains the material pretty well that you start to love studying materials. 2 Quizzes 2 Midterms and a Final. Don''t be fooled by the easiness of quizzes and sample tests though Midterms are a bit harder. textbook not needed everything is on power-point.
5.0 : He''s more than a great teacher. He''s inspirational and motivating. A rare breed here at SF State. Don''t expect ENGR 200 to be easy though. It requires sufficient studying and practice to solve problems in materials science. Office hours were very very helpful. He''ll make a big effort to help you learn if you seek his help.
5.0 : Professor Teh is flawless. It is known among the students that he will remember your name, the fact that he remembers you makes you want to work harder for his class. He manages his classes in a way that is very helpful, example would be uploading video of his lectures. Just an excellent professor!
4.5 : Great guy. He will try to memorize every ones name on the first day. He will walk and talk with on the way to class if he sees you. Cool guy to talk to.  Tests/Midterms are closely similar to slide and hw. Easy grader and loves to stick around after class for questions. He didn't talk role all semester.
4.0 : Don't take him for 696
5.0 : I had materials of engineering and dynamics with Teh. Materials was easy and interesting. The lab was pointless, because the science building was closed the semester i took it. Dynamics was a little harder, I am an A student but got a B in the class. He pulls problems right out of the book for tests though. Im glad i had him. i learned a lot.
5.0 : By far the best professor I've ever had. Keeps you engaged by making problems relatable and funny. Once we were talking about spring compression, he introduced the  problem by comparing it to coming home Friday night and collapsing on your bed drunk. Tests are hard but gives lots partial credit if your process demonstrates conceptual understanding.
5.0 : Dr. Teh is one of the best. Organized and dedicated, he makes things very clear, covering a tremendous amount of material efficiently. I always felt that I knew what topics would be covered on exams and assignments. Exams had some challenging problems, but partial credit was generously granted. Organized notes  (you get one page per test) are key.
5.0 : Dr. Teh's dynamics course was one of the highlights of my engineering studies so far. So many things that my Calculus professors were incapable of explaining to me became clear- time derivatives, boundaries of integration representing units, and complex vector operations especially. Challenging exams, but the assigned material was great prep.
5.0 : Class is fun! If you have any background knowledge on the subject you do not need to read very much.
4.0 : This professor was great, I really learned a lot. He gives quizzes at the beginning of every class based on the readings (which could be long), which weren't too bad. You also have to do a country overview with a partner as well as a group project.
5.0 : 2 tests, 1 group project, 1 country overview, and short quizzes.  Every class he lets you ask questions from the reading and those questions are on the tests. basically you make your own test. Before exams he does a test review. The country overview is done in pairs and really quick and easy. short quizzes from reading. Overall not too difficult
5.0 : go to class its worth alot of points!
5.0 : Super passionate professor! You learn more when someone is enthusiastic. Hw was easy, just iLearn reflection papers. I preferred her lectures over the book so stopped reading the book. Although yes lectures can drag, but it was a one day class so it's expected. She gives out study guides so you know what to expect. Loved having her as a professor!
4.0 : You can definitely tell Dr. Paik is passionate about this subject. Come to class and pay attention to the slides. All of it is posted online and her tests are based off the lecture alone. Never used the book. Only 3 exams and a few 300 word journal entries. Super easy. Liked the topic and the teacher.
3.0 : I really wanted to like Paik, but the class was really boring and basic. I felt like it was very reminiscent of stuff I'd already learned. She takes attendance every class for 15% of grade so you have to go, there are two tests, and two 500 word papers that are mostly self reflective. She's really nice, just kind of a simple class.
4.0 : Jae Paik was a good professor! Her lectures were a bit heavy but only 2 papers &amp; 2 exams so no wiggle room or room for mistakes. Attendance is 15% so you've gotta go to class or that might decide whether you pass or not! Other than that, her course was okay..
5.0 : Tony is amazing , he is funny, he is pragmatic and he is a great lecturer... he is a more than fair grader. Shoe that your into the class, invest with you ideas and contribute
5.0 : Fun class. It focuses primarily around the group project that's due at the end of the semester. Outside of that are just short reading and writing assignments that isn't too bad. Pretty easy actually. Professor's lectures are fun and interesting. I've learned a lot. Planning to take another of his classes next semester. Highly recommend.
5.0 : She is a great professor, has a strong accent and may seem grumpy from her appearance but she is very nice. Straight forward lectures with coding homework which must be print out and turned in (didn't count towards grade), weekly quizzes of certain problems she gives students before hand, midterm, and final. Allows cheat sheet for both.
4.5 : Go to class and take lots of notes. Fast paced class. Do not slack off. Practice and review a lot before the exams. Go to office hours or email Dr. Anderson for help if you need any. Do the problems he assigns in the book because they sometimes appear on the tests. I Worked hard all semester and got an A. Fun class if you make time to understand it
5.0 : By far the BEST teacher I have ever had in my career as a student. Lectures are very tough but he makes it very clear on what he will be testing on. Going to class is essential, and taking notes is as well. He always goes out of his way to help outside of class too, and really cares about the wellbeing of his students. Amazing teaching style!!!
5.0 : Anderson is the number one professor for ochem. Entering the class I was scared, but from week 1 lectures are always interesting. To be successful in this class you have to write everything he writes down. It's a tough class considering it's a Chem class, but the A is possible if you practice.
5.0 : Great lecturer! He's crystal clear during lecture and extremely helpful in office hours. His exams are fair and grading criteria is structured. In this type of course, you either get it or you don't; at this point, it's all on you. Do your best to keep up with his pace and you definitely can succeed! Best of luck.
5.0 : Marc Anderson is contagiously excited about organic chemistry. He is an amazing lecturer and person.  Great professor,  hard class.
4.0 : Ochem 2 is really hard if you put the time in and make sure you start studying and practicing more than a day before the exams you will be good. I always studied last minute for his exams and still managed to pass, so he isn't so hard, you just need to put in the effort.
5.0 : She is a great professor! She makes public speaking easy and comfortable. I love the topics we talked about in class--it kept you up to date with world news. She's a stickler about attendance so just go to class! She also offers extra credit opportunities! I most definitely recommend her! Easy class, interesting material, and great professor!
5.0 : Alexis is one of the best teachers I ever had. I love her. The class work is very manageable. It's very important to not be late to her class and always show up. She is soooo nice and will help you in any way you need. TAKE HER
5.0 : She's the debate coach at CCSF, and she really cares about students passing. It's an easy class, but you must go to at least two forensics tournaments in order to pass. There's hardly any work, but in order to pass you need to do the few things she asks you to do.
5.0 : I took Alexis for Written and Oral Communication II at USF.  She's definitely one of the best professors I've had so far.  She understands that many people feel uncomfortable speaking in public and grades you more on effort.  She really cares for her students and encourages them to love public speaking.  You'll learn tons.  Be ready to debate!
5.0 : Great teacher! She is very supportive of her students and her lectures always keep your attention. Overall really good experience. There were some students who did not seem to like her, but they were the vast minority who didn't want to put the effort in. You have to earn a good grade with Alexis! Which is how it should be.
4.0 : She's a pretty intense teacher. There are a total of 2 debates. One mini-debate and one policy debate. Overall she's a good teacher who wants you to understand the steps to a great debate. She goes over what is expected before throwing expectations onto the students. Shes does work quickly and you could easily get confused though. GO TO OFFICE HRS.
5.0 : Took her Speech and Debate class last spring. Great course, great professor. Gets the students involved inside and outside the classroom. Definitely a course for people more comfortable with public speaking, as it requires fast thinking and fast replies on the spot.
5.0 : Rhetorical Criticism was my fave class this semester.  Coursework was interesting, a diverse set of topics to analyze.  The final project:  you choose your own.  Litzky is funny, insightful, and always connects theory to relevant modern issues.  She isn't easy: you have to work for an A.  Go to office hours, she truly cares.  Highly recommend.
5.0 : BEST professor I've taken at SFSU so far. Always energetic and really helpful. Take COMM 544!!
5.0 : Every class with Mindi is great, she lectures so well and makes things clear on different levels so that you are sure to understand the topics.
5.0 : MINDI* is great comes highly recommended I've taken her for two classes COMM 321GWAR, and COMM 544 both classes are thoroughly outlined, and detailed. Midterm/Finals are fairly easy if you have the book, and class notes. She is full of enthusiasm makes a typically boring class exciting.   p.s. If she wasn't married boyyy!!
4.0 : Hover's lectures are engaging, and intense. Simply put, he demands your attention. You will constantly feel like you are being put on the spot, as he will force you to participate, think critically, and ultimately get out of your comfort zone.  He's passionate about the subject and I definitely learned a lot.  Take him.
1.0 : I have never written a review for a professor before. I made an account to post this because I feel very passionate about this man. He is impudent. He's intimidating and extremely rude. He grade so toughly. He is making students, who have a very small income, purchase around $300 worth of books. You'd be a fool for taking him, I am.
4.5 : Professor Hover comes off a bit strong initially, but he is just genuinely passionate about the subject that he teaches. Reading materials are mandatory and essential to learning the course material, and class participation and attendance is necessary for a good grade. Typically assigns a pop quiz at the end of every class.
5.0 : David Hover is the best professor in the entire business department by a mile. You often get professors who are great business minds but awful academia. This is not the case with Professor Hover. He is an incredible teacher. You will learn more from him than any other class. If you want a easy bus 690, and are prepared to slack off DO NOT TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Wonderful professor that doesn't accept answers that you memorized from the book. He engages you and seems tough but he wants you to understand the material not memorize it. Always keeps the students on their toes. Not afraid to admit when he may be wrong but it rarely occurs. Looks like Walter White from Breaking Bad and just as much of a bad ass
5.0 : Challenging, well-spoken teacher. Class discussions are very interesting and engaging. Work consists of 5 or 6 pop quizzes on class material, 3 case write-ups and a big presentation w/ paper. Choose you teammates wisely, this presentation and accompanying paper will take at least a month to complete. Overall, great class. Hover is top notch.
4.0 : Probably my favorite teacher at SFSU. He was genuinely interesting and wanted to make class fun and relatable. Very high energy and expects the same from you. Don't take his class if you want to slack off and get an easy A. You will learn a lot and he will prepare you for what comes after school. I took him in Fall of 2012
5.0 : The best professor at SFSU hands down, his lectures are engaging and he really encourages students to succeed. I encourage everyone to take this class, BUS major or not. He's seriously one of the coolest people I've ever met.
5.0 : Can't recommend this professor enough. His class is very different from most classes you've taken at SFSU, you'll have to participate with well-thought comments, and show up to class. It won't be an easy class, but will definitely help you develop a proper way of thinking about strategy.
5.0 : Great professor! Learned a lot and very informative. Seriously one of the best professors I had and made the lessons relate-able and interesting for students! THINK CRITICALLY! He just wants to see how you comprehend the lessons, so use what you learned in class to apply it. Quiz every class, and a lot of work but worth it! Great job, professor!!
5.0 : David Hover is one of the best professors SFSU has to offer. He genuinely cares about helping you develop your thought process, wanting to make sure you REALLY understand the material instead of just memorizing. He's incredibly intelligent and passionate about what he does. Do NOT slack off though. Raise your hand a lot too!
5.0 : Just take him if you want to learn! I had a lot of fun in this class because it was really engaging. He's sincere about wanting his students to get a good education and is really passionate about what he does. He's a well-rounded, intelligent, and really articulate. You'll love him.
4.5 : He gives chapter quizzes almost every week for every chapter, and he drops the lowest grade. His office hours are absolutely beneficial and he goes in depth with what you're asking. No final exam, but there was a final presentation for a selected firm. 2 case studies and 1 final bring home case study. PARTICIPATION HELPS A LOT.
4.0 : We took one test the whole semester and did one (easy) write up assignment for our final. His powerpoint are online and you could show up to his lecture once a week and still pass the class with an A. He doesn't have Friday classes, instead you do online simulation games for credit. Keep on top of those and you will be fine. They define your grade.
3.5 : Grades consisted of easy online homework, a midterm with horrible sentence structure, and an incredibly easy final paper. Ergul is nice and just cares that you pass and get a job in the industry. Attendance isn't mandatory. Don't listen to what he says, just look at the deadlines for homework online. That was the mistake I made.
4.5 : This guy is great! He is very helpful and passionate about what he teaches. The only downside was that he has a really strong Turkish accent, so if you have trouble understanding accents, I do not recommend him! Other than that, great teacher; fun class; easy (although I didn't too so hot on the online homework, resulting in a C). GREAT CLASS!
5.0 : Another great professor from HTM department! Took his HTM 425 and 110 class. Very helpful and inspirational professor who really cares about the well-being of students. The class itself is pretty straight-forward. Show up to class, put in work, and you'll be set.
5.0 : Highly knowledgeable about the hospitality field. HTI is super fun and easy, but may encounter technical problems every now and then. Highly recommend this guy, he is too fun to pass up on.
4.0 : You learn about foods and cultures around the world. Lectures aren't too boring. Group projectpresentation that is pretty easy. You go try out a cuisine he assigns you.
5.0 : Ergul is awesome! Class is easy, you don't have to go but I actually enjoyed going. It's a MWF class but he never makes you go on Fridays, only like 5 times all semester.
5.0 : He is an amazing teacher. His class was MWF but doesn't make you come in on fridays so you can do his hw. His hw is just online games which you can take over and over again till you get 100% (plus they give you the answers so there is no way of failing)! Best easiest class ever. 2 Midterms and are easy multiple choice.
1.0 : Overall easy class, however he should curve the exams grades.
3.0 : His tourism class consisted of a group presentation for a specific city or country arranged in a trade show format, two research papers (travel itinerary &amp; tourism trends report), and a Final Exam (take home portion from group presentations and multiple choice test). He also cares about attendance and requires that you come to his class on time.
4.0 : Dr. Ergul is a very nice professor who is passionate about what he teaches. As long as you take notes during lectures, ask questions, and show interest, he will remember you for semesters to come. This was a very easy course.
4.0 : This professor was great! He really tries to help students succeed. The group project was to select a city or country and try to convince people to visit it. The only issue I had was the pdf readings, they were scanned and the quality was awful. I would recommend this professor to everyone!
3.5 : Only two exams (one being the final exam that we took online .. only 15 questions), random easy homework assignments and extra assignments were given towards the end of the semester to get extra points. Have to complete 30 industry hours where the Vista Room is an option - no experience gained, only free labor from students to wash dishes.
5.0 : Wow. Dr. Olsher is amazing. I love everything about him. He is friendly and approachable but also super freaking knowledgeable! Great linguistics elective class that is making me consider studying TESOL. (Mostly to work w/ this man.) Straight forward class&amp;lets you use notes on tests. This is such a fun class and you won't regret it. I could go on.
4.0 : Take this professor, he's nice and willing to help, and makes you feel comfortable with the material. His lectures are boring but useful if you can stay awake. Not too difficult to get an A, just show up, do your work right and make sure you don't mess up his easy tests.
5.0 : Cool easy-going guy. His lab safety class was easy, show up, and finish  the one project he assigns for the semester, he'll walk you through the entire process. Is happy to answer all your questions. Take him if you can.
1.5 : As a POC and differently-able; cognitive (CT modes), her ABELISM resounds, even with professional vitrification! Her privilege withing the realms of first and second wave feminist mentality is masked by her skin/culture privilege.
5.0 : Take her for Eng 462 Lecture. She knows her stuff, &amp;does her best to do interactive lectures w multi-media aids. Overall, grades for attendance, expects you to be punctual. Fair grader for essays.  Responds to you quickly &amp; willing to work with you. That being said, it's not an EASY A. Attend lecture &amp; read material, I guarantee you'll pass.
1.0 : SUCKS, don't take her. She doesn't help you at all. Vague. not interesting. Her material is not engaging at all. I have had book club that was run better than her class.
2.5 : This professor is funny, but exams are hard.  Homework is online, which is 10% of your grade.  There are 3 exams,  30% each, which means that if you do crappy on one of them you will be doomed.  Seriously, choose other acct professor if you can, otherwise you have to be ready for hard exams. :)
4.0 : Steven is an excellent professor and an even funnier one. Just don't slack in his class or he'll call you out on it. He makes business law interesting to learn and the concepts are fairly easy to grasp, though the exams can be tough. Your final grade is based on 4 exams. He may offer an extra credit assignment that adds 5 points to your average.
3.5 : Take this teacher!! Keys to pass: Do homework, read book before class because he does skip a lot of things but if you read the book youll fully understand and go to his review before a test. I skipped at least 14 of classes but did hw and studied a little each weak and aced his first midterm. Do the Hw and study it and youll pass easy
5.0 : He's the man. Really smart guy. His lectures are 'old school', and very entertaining. 4 tests, no hw no projects no attendance points. Very good class, very good teacher
4.0 : Hilarious professor.  Makes even the dryest material interesting!
5.0 : "Business Law." Best of MBA! Pr. Fichera is energetic, knowledgeable, and his lectures are plain fun. He is also very nice and accommodating if you explain. The textbook is awesome (I kept it). The material something you will be using over the course of your life. Do some serious reading before the exams, and you'll do great!
3.5 : I caught on after a while and went to class only once a week since attendance didn't matter. Professor Fichera's teaching style is a bit difficult to follow but I studied everything off WileyPlus. The lecture videos on there helped me tons plus Fichera's tests are SO EASY! No tricky questions, straight forward, with extra credit.
3.0 : Fichera is now at SRJC and is the most hilarious guy ever. He's straight forward about what he expects. I took a night class with him once a week. We had a quiz every class of 10 questions. If you keep up with the reading you'll do good in his class. Not hard, but attend every class or you'll be lost.
5.0 : Mr. Fichera is a really understanding and down to earth guy. His class is fun and the lectures in this class are interesting and his New Yorker accent and personality make listening to the lectures entertaining. There are weekly quizzes that aren't very hard,  three insight papers that you have to write (very easy), and 3-4 group projects.
2.5 : Y'all know accounting is hard, and this prof makes it harder.  Exams are hard, doing hw help just a LITTLE bit. No extra credit, which means that there is no other way to improve your grade, except that if you get a better grade on the exam(but exams are hard, told you). Take this class if you think you are super smart.
4.5 : Great professor! Very straightforward. Do your homework, and you will be fine. Weekly online homework (10%) and 3 tests (30% each) and all tests are based on your homeworks! Buy online version of book (Wileyplus) which is way cheaper than the actual one. Final is not cumulative. Lecture was somewhat useful. Fast response when you e-mail him!
4.0 : Good teacher. Nice. Sets lots of homework, but i found that if i set aside the time to do the "optional" homework, my grade soared. Do all the work she sets (you are in school to learn, right?), and you'll do fine. Fair grader, and really wants students to do well. Frequently makes small arithmetic mistakes, but it keeps you awake to mention them.
3.0 : Jupei a young teacher who understands the math, but isn't quite sure the best methods of explaining the concepts quite yet. There are sections where she has it down pat, but there are other sections where she sort of floundered. Could have had more discipline with students; classroom felt unstructured. Required both written and online homework.
4.0 : She is a good teacher and was one of the reasons on why I became a math major.
2.0 : She frequently makes mistakes during lecture. Her handouts are full of errors. Mandatory homework due every class in addition to webassign. Unclear lessons and nondescript book examples coupled with finicky webassign homework results in points getting deducted constantly. When checking work she does not correct problems, just marks them wrong.
4.5 : shes a hot teacher, and an easy A. just do your homework and you are ok. take her
5.0 : I took his Class Buddhist Tradition. He is is the amazing teacher. Great class. Great Professor.
5.0 : Great professor. Know his subject. I really enjoy taking him for my first semester at this state university. Class participation is highly encourage; help to move the class and meaningful discussion. Come to class and listen to his lecture give you insight and understanding.
5.0 : Course on Buddhist Tradition, great course. Enjoyed this course. Class participation. Great class discussion. Buddhism is a hard concept to learn and understand for few Western mind but his class was great. Read the class material, I used this course material for my other class too. They are really good books.
5.0 : He is one of the best professor on my Best List. Young, energetic, and lively. I thought a course in Buddhism that changed my perception about it since then. I used to have wrong conception about Buddhism, but I learned alot from him. He is an expert on Eastern Thought. Asked questions to inspire students to think. Class participation is a should.
5.0 : literally the nicest, most understanding, and smartest professor ever! its not a hard class but you learn a lot. take his class! you will never be stressed and he makes the work totally doable. he explains things perfectly. one FUN paper and one short journal entry per week. hes the BOMB.
4.0 : He tries to make his lectures fun. There will be one six page research paper, five 10 question quizzes, 1 midterm and final. Midterm and final prompt is given 1 week prior to testing date. Just attend class, do group short answer questions and take notes. Go to his office hours!
5.0 : lively lectures.
4.0 : The lectures themselves were boring, I don't like history at all, but managed to get by. Yes there are quizzes, and reading is a must to do good, but I hardly read and did fine. GO to office hours! He let me make up a quiz.
2.0 : If you want to get C then take this class. The most boring and difficult classs I have ever taken.
5.0 : Andrea has a passion of teaching. She tries her best to make everything that she says very clear and she does! She will look at your essay deeply and will definitely give you excellent feedback on your paper.  Sometimes she exaggerates on making students paying attention which might be embarrassing for some of them, especially for seniors.
5.0 : She is easy, just did homework and u will get a least a c or above. She fix your grammer so if your grammer is bad you will get a B not A.
4.5 : A very good teacher, gives you good feedback when you go to her office hour, and definitely NOT a hard grader. You will improve a lot on how to analys an article and how to organize an essay. Moreover, The reading that are used in this class is meaningful!!! Therefore, I will recomend this teacher to all the ESL students.
5.0 : If you are an international student, I recommend you to take her class. She is a great teacher. I learned a lot about writing in this class. There are 3 outside essays, 1 inside class, and 1 final.  She is super super easy. No homework and No stress.
3.0 : Powerpoint monotone. Says "yea" about 5 times per minute. Her attempts to engage the class were awful. Avoid.
5.0 : I highly recommend Sarah as she is one of the most wonderful English professors around. The class itself is extremely intensive, but she makes herself very available to provide support through email communication and office hours. Sarah is very encouraging, supportive, and believes in everyone's ability to succeed. I highly recommend her!
5.0 : One of the best classes I have taken at SFSU. I have always been scared about taking the GWAR class because many people do not pass. Sarah is a great professor. Even though she is tough grader, she will make you a better writer. If you need to take HTM 531, I highly recommend Sarah.
5.0 : HERO OF MY LIFE
5.0 : One of my favorite professors in the Italian program. She was tough but very passionate about the material. She always chooses interesting topics to discuss. Take lots of notes!
4.5 : Amazing teacher, very helpful and always available for suggestions.
4.0 : Midterm and final are open-note but tricky, keep your notes organized. Quizzes are online, make some friends. Group presentation &amp; group paper are easy points if you do your part, don't be a flake. Do the extra credit, you should get an A.
5.0 : He is awesome!!!! He is organized, breaks up the lectures with small group activities. I wish I could take more of his classes.
5.0 : Professor Sehgal is one of the best professor I ever had. He is sweet, caring, very acknowledgeable . He makes his lecture very interesting and fun to keep up with. His pop quizzes can be tricky and his tests are not very straight forward since they are open notes but if you put the right amount of effort, yo will pass with a good grade.
5.0 : Great teacher. She really cares about her student and she makes going to class very fun. You don't only gain a teacher, you also gain a very respectable friend. I will Miss you Miranda. Looking forward to taking your class one of these coming semesters.
5.0 : She teaches at Diablo Valley College now. She teaches really well and has great responsibility. She's never late to the class. She's crystal clear in her explanation and very patient for students to follow along. most importantly she is pretty and that makes you to want to go to the class.
5.0 : I highly recommend her. The assignment s are interesting and helpful. I improved my writing skills. She covers MLA and APA. There is a major assigment at the end, but she will well prepare you for it. I love her.
4.0 : He's a great teacher. He cares about his students and is always willing to help if you are confused with a calculation.
5.0 : Dr. Manning is probably one of the most laid back professors in the chem department. He is very knowledgeable without being pretentious.  If you enjoy chemistry, especially  environmental and analytical, he will inspire you.
5.0 : Quizzes are based on chapter readings and she has substantial organized lectures.  Clear on grading criteria and weekly forums. The topics covered were interesting and engaging. One of my favorite professors so far. Take her!
5.0 : Such a great teacher!!! This is an easy A class. Does not allow laptops or phones but its okay because her fun lectures make the class go by fast. Many in-class group assignments which are very easy. I am taking ALL classes i can with this professor. Gives tons of extra credit!! Work load is easy... close to none
4.5 : Dr. Kleinrichert is not a hard teacher, but does requires a LOT of work. There's homework due every week. She expects you to read before class.  Her tests aren't too hard, all you need to do is just study the key terms. There is a group project that is heavily base but fairly easy to do with a good group. But other than that Good luck!
5.0 : John is a great professor! He can move fast at times, and he doesn't appreciate it when people don't show up, but he really has a passion for what he does (just google him if you don't believe me).
5.0 : Kim is awesome. She has so much knowledge and experience about technical theatre. She wants you to learn and see you succeed, and that goes for every class that she teaches. As long as you are there and are willing to learn, she will work with you.
4.5 : This fall was my 3rd semester at SFSU, and she is definitely my favorite teacher so far. She has such a passion for teaching that really radiates through her lectures, and is always there for her student 100%. Her class had a decent amount of reading (3 books), a few quizzes, a presentation, and a final. Would take again in a heartbeat!!
4.5 : I LOVE HER! She is so inspirational &amp; encourages students more than any profe I ever had. Her class was my fav, didn't even mind it was an 8AM class because she had this way of building up this learning environment that just keep me out of bed in the mornings. Reading material was easy but her final, well just read the books &amp; you'll be fine!
5.0 : Love Profe! She cares about her students and makes sure you understand the material. Definitely really chill, but you do have to do your part when it comes to class work. Easy way to get extra credit and an A if you try.  If you're latina/o, I highly recommend taking this class with her. You'll enjoy it &amp; find a true defintion of being Latina/o!!!
4.5 : Best profe Ive ever had my first semester at SFSU!!!! Best experience ever, she finds ways to get the class involved every class session. Didn't mind waking up at 8am because her class was worth it. You read a lot interesting books, they will all be one the final. Would love to take her class again
2.0 : Tough grader! No choice but to take him for business major! Make sure you choose a good team because you will be asked to form the first or two day of class. Make sure you make good judgement because everyone that introduces themselves in the beginning of class is not what they mean... It contradicts themselves to make themselves look good.
5.0 : Makes the class fun while teaching you a lot. He's not easy but you won't regret taking him because he will really make you learn.
5.0 : 3hr lecture goes by very quick with Lamm. He talks A LOT and SUPER FAST! 2 big presentations, quizzes every class, midterm&amp;final are m/c (~100qsts). Gave us extra credit, barely accepts ppl from waitlist. 2d project is pretty hard if u have no connections w/ some companies to interview.Make sure to get into a good team, otherwise u doomed! OK class
5.0 : GREAT PROFESSOR! He's so funny! 3 hours passes by so quickly! He uses every minute but doesn't not waste your time. His lectures are VERY intellectual and he's very passionate about the topic. Lots of TEAM work! Choose a good TEAM or learn to lead a TEAM well. Tough grader. Got an F on my 1st team essay but still got an A in his class! Take him!
5.0 : Best teacher I've ever had. The whole class wants to participate because he makes it so fun, but on the same token you're going to put blood, sweat and tears into this class. I wouldn't have it any other way, I've learned more about myself in this class than any other. I would recommend it!
4.0 : Professor Lamm is very good at teaching the material in the curriculum. I take issue with some of his practices. For those who have mommy daddy connections in large companies, they can earn up to 6% extra credit for issuing surveys. If you get a bad group, like I did, your grade will suffer even if you get A's on the exams. Spin the Lamm wheel.
5.0 : Great professor!! This is a very work load class with weekly quizzes, multiple group assignments, 2 major group presentations and a midterm a final (cumulative). 3 hours will go by fast; Lamm's way of lecturing are be easy to follow and will make you engage in the class. I definitely recommend his class.
2.0 : It doesn't need to be as difficult as Dr. Lamm makes it. The whole semester you work in a team, pick a good team on the 1st day or you will be miserable. Weekly quizzes are hard to pass. Only 1 person from your team takes the quiz whatever grade they get, you get. Group semester long project is a lot of work, plus a mid-term and cumulative final.
4.5 : Be careful who you team up with. 4 to 5 TEAM projects - heavily weighted. On the first day he makes the team members write an agreement about each person's role. My team was quick to ditch that (I did not agree) and it went downhill from there. He makes management really interesting. He's very clear in his expectations. It's hard work but you learn
5.0 : If you don't want to learn something from this course or would like an easy A, this is not the class for you. However, if you would like a great professor who takes great care in his lesson plans, enjoys what he does, guides you in critical thinking and wants you have fun in class... take this class!
5.0 : Pretty great professor, his lectures are interesting and engaging. He makes your time worthwhile. The class and subject itself are not hard but it is a big commitment. The class requires a lot of work and he tells you that from the beginning, he is pretty transparent with what he wants. The group work was fun for me b/c we all got along!
4.0 : WARNING: be prepared to read chapter every week and understand! quizzes every week, one person takes the quiz by picking a card (e.g. queen of hearts whoever draws it takes it) So make sure you have good team! He offers extra points for winners of group challenges take advantage of those, there's a good amount but they aren't easy!
5.0 : If you're a solid team member and have a solid team, you can get a LOT out of this class. If you have a bad team, you will be stressed out the entire semester. Choose very, very wisely. He's a demanding professor, which is how I like it. If you don't want to put in solid studying, avoid his class. You can definitely get an A if you work for it.
3.0 : All the reviews below are accurate. Pros: learned new terminology, books were OK. Cons: You pick teams on the first day so sit next to ppl you would see yourself working with thankfully I picked a great time! quizzes are hard only 1 person takes it "team work", midterm and final is cumulative, try to win all the group challenges, 2 group presentati
5.0 : If you are a procrastinator or like to sit back and let your group do all the work, do the world a favor and DON'T take this class.  Otherwise, Dr. Lamm is a great teacher.  Work load and reading are heavy, and the final group project will kill you. It helps if you have a connection with a company with 10 employees you can interview.
3.0 : OMG. I have no idea how can he has such a good rating. Alright, he is funny and informative. If you want to pass this class, get ready to read, because his test is mostly based from there. There are group projects, so you better choose your groups right, if not, you would most likely to suffer for the whole semester.
5.0 : This guy is smart and cool down to earth. He makes you do work but only because he cares. If you are going to take his teams class spring 2015 get a good teambe real with them. I saw people struggling because people weren't pulling their weight. I would fo sho take his class again.
2.0 : Avoid if you can. This guy is so egotistic it'll drive you insane. Doesn't really seem to have any regard for the success of his students. Likes to have the last word on everything. If he isn't right, nobody is. Tips: participate as much as possible, and be an active group member because group projects are the majority of your grade. Good. Luck.
2.0 : Worst professor I've had here at SFSU. He thinks he's the funniest man on Earth, and I agree that he's way too into himself. Thinks it's okay to make jokes at students' expense.  Pride's himself that students learned a lot during his course, but I learned nothing new/very little at best and got  an A. Adapt to his character and you'll be fine. :)
4.5 : Super cool teacher, and he explains everything really well. Despite that, this is a tough course so make sure that you read and study for his exams. And for the love of God make sure you have a good group!
4.0 : This class isn't by any means "easy". You really have to put in the work to earn a good grade. Lamm is a passionate professor, you can  tell he cares. I had a love-hate thing with this course, in the end.. it was worth it. Work hard, and find a good group.. if not take the reigns and make your lousy group better.
5.0 : Schriner is one of the first professors iv'e experienced at sfsu and she has given me the best impression of the school. She is a GREAT teacher. She always makes time in class for any questions and help we might need or have. If you are looking better your skills in English and not just looking to get by, this is the class and professor for you!
2.0 : 104 was ok but 105 is bad. She tells you your essays will pass if you do her suggestions and revisions, but after revising your essay for six hours+ don't be surprised if you still don't pass she is a tough grader for freshman English. If you have a hard time with writing and need extra support pick someone else. Her revisions are snarky too
2.5 : Honestly, first semester of Eng 104 was fun &amp; the readings were long but turned out to be okay. Eng 105 was difficult because of readings &amp; 2 group projects. Attend class its mandatory, especially signing up the projects. She will exclude you if you don't attend class! I'm not that good in english but I would of prefered to take Eng 114! Good luck.
5.0 : Prof. Schriner is awesome! She really understands the anxiety freshman students are facing in their first year of college. She lets students revise all of the essays for the end of the semester portfolio (all except the final). So just show up, read, and don't be afraid to ask for help... you'll be  fine!
3.5 : She wants everyone to do well. She is a pretty tough grader. What she wants is clear from the beginning; do it her way or you won't get as good of a grade. Can have a somewhat sassy attitude.
5.0 : I had Brandi for Communication Education and loved it. I have never submitted a RMP review before, but I had to for Brandi, her class is thorough and she is organized. Best teacher I've ever had
2.5 : This class is tough. The classroom is packed. We have to cover so much material and intellectually very challenging, too. Having said that, it's not fair to blame your professor for your grade. Yet, she does talk super fast and powerpoint slides has a lot of errors. It's important to use her office hours to clarify and participate in study groups.
5.0 : She loves Dietetics  and it reflects on her teaching, she really gets the point across. helps you in every way possible and makes sure your ready for the quizzes and exams. loved the class although it was 3 hours long and left without a great understanding of nutrition and much more.
5.0 : A lot of materials were covered in the class (Be ready to listen!), but I think Dr. George did a great job in teaching the difficult subject. Her exams aren't very hard IF you study constantly(I highly recommend that you read the textbook every day!). She held study sessions before exams, which was helpful. Overall, she is an excellent teacher.
5.0 : Serie is seriously one of the best profs I've had so far. You can tell that he is really passionate about the subject and it shows in his teaching. He is also really into letting the students speak up and share opinions. Lots of reading, 4 tests, and weekly response papers, but easy if you take notes and don't skip class. Doesn't grade hard either.
5.0 : I can't explain how awesome he is. By far Serie Mcdougal is the best professor I have had at this university. He is so passionate about what he teaches and he loves to hear everyones opinion. He takes his time explaining things and if its unclear he is willing to do it all over again. A lot of reading, 4 tests, weekly responses but its not hard.
5.0 : Class is very interesting. 3 quizzes, 1 final paper and 1 youth development program! Pretty easy class. Attendance is not mandatory, but it highly advised! You learn good stuff when you attend class. I enjoyed it, hopefully you do too! Good luck!
4.5 : Dr. McDougal is a great teacher. His lectures are informative and he's always well prepared. He knows what he's talking about! He's very attentive to students' questions and concerns. Taking this class helped me understand Africana Studies as a discipline!
4.0 : Methods can be really overwhelming and intimidating, but Dr. McDougal made this so easy and enjoyable. His book, Research Methods in Africana Studies, added to the ease of understanding the information in class. We learned how to do ethnographies,  questionnaires, and interviews. We also learned SPSS and quantitative data analysis. Great class!
4.0 : This was an easy class. Everything was online -- Dr. McDougal uploaded all his lectures in video format which were were able to watch any time we wanted. The assignments were also quite simple -- forum posts and a paper on a rites of passage program. Easy class, great material, and really dedicated teacher! Definitely recommend this class!
1.5 : I have a passion for both psychology and Afrocentric studies, but this class was a joke. This was more like sociology. He is the least helpful thing in the world. Passed because I literally wrote down quotes from him on the test, verbatim. Barely passed. Had a high fever and asked for an extension, he said he doesn't have time for me later. Ugh.
1.0 : Honestly, the class isn't that hard or anything but his lectures are really long and really boring. He also isn't afraid to call you out in an email to the entire class if you did something wrong in a forum post. I also feel like he is against the sharing of any opinions that aren't his. Overall, not a difficult class, I just wouldn't recommend it.
5.0 : This class really opened my eyes. The lectures kept me engaged and the discussions were really interesting. There's a 1-2 response you have to give on a reading online every week or so, but as long as you give a coherent response, he grades easy. Even though it feels like we're going over a lot of material, he makes it easy to understand.
4.5 : There is on average one 20 to 30 minute lecture every week and 1-2 forums where you just give your opinion on the topic question of the week. Only 3 quizzes and 1 youth program (which isn't that hard). He responds to emails very quickly and tries to help in anyway possible if you ask for it. He also offers extra credit, but you have to ask.
5.0 : Every week there's an online 3 multiple choice ?. I highly recommend you to do the readings as that'll help on the midterm and final. Taking notes is super easy in this class since everything's on ppt. Make sure to study the study guide and quiz ?s as some ?s WILL be on tests. She is a super chill professor and I have never taken an easier class.
5.0 : Clare is a gem at this school and this department. She cares about each one of her students and dedicates personal time to ensure you understand the material, something very few professors do. My only wish was that she taught more classes because she is that amazing of a professor!
5.0 : Clare is passionate, helpful, and clear. Weekly quizzes you can complete all in one day. Readings are helpful but not necessary. Take notes from her ppt's word for word and you'll do fine on the tests. She's also super helpful and offers study session and extra credit before her tests. Definitely recommend!
5.0 : Easy class and the lectures were good! She goes over them slowly so you will get the chance to write it down. The class is about 3 hours long. There wasn't any homework but there were online quizzes about three questions every week. Only one midterm and one final and be sure you study because that's what the grade counts the most.
5.0 : I don't normally ever rate any professors, but since I was using the site I thought why not rate professor sears since I had her this past semester. Amazing professor. Genuinely cares about her students  If you need a class to boost your grades but need a professor who would actually care and work with you, she is the one.
4.5 : The material was interesting but the class can be boring because it was a 3 hour lecture. You must pass the test in this class to pass the class and the only difficult part was studying all the notes for the test. Sears is awesome and I learned a lot. She has a really beautiful British accent.
4.5 : The material was interesting but the class can be boring because it was a 3 hour lecture. You must pass the test in this class to pass the class and the only difficult part was studying all the notes for the test. Sears is awesome and I learned a lot. I recommend this class.
4.0 : Clare does lectures on the reading you were assigned to previously, it is something you need for her exams, without the notes, you may have a hard time with the exams. This was not an easy class, but if you do the reading, it can be much easier than skipping few readings. She is very organized and would hear students out; respectful.
5.0 : Clare is by far one of SFSU's Sociology Department's best professors. She is always there to listen to her students, and will always answer any questions in a timely manner. Furthermore, she values her students and you get the feeling that she truly cares about each student. Taking a class with her will be a highlight to your college career.
3.0 : One of the most difficult class I have taken at SFSU. Tests were difficult.
5.0 : Liu is an oasis in Finance department and I mean REAL! She is always willing to help you, I guess it is bc tests are hard. Lectures are organized and inspirational.  Three quizzes, lowest score dropped. In-class problems as attendance. Final is quite hard if you don't take her advices reviewing the slides thoroughly. I didn't got A, but take her !!
5.0 : She is the most disciplined and helpful professor I have come across. She even replies on weekends.Highly recommended!Very easy class!
5.0 : This class was much harder than the comments suggest. Most people are happy with a C in a class, so maybe that's why. I'm an A student, but ended up with a B-. Tests were difficult, but she is an amazing professor. Extremely helpful, but listen to every piece of advice she gives you. Come to class, do HW, and study!
5.0 : Do all her in class exercises and receive a bonus % toward your grade, drops lowest of 3 quizzes (they are 50% of grade). Provides SAMPLE QUIZZES which help greatly on the actual quiz. 1 page cheat sheet. She does not take attendance, but don't skip if you wanna pass. Did NOT use textbook, and has slides online. Teaches very well--recommended! :)
4.0 : He is a great teacher, the subject was not hard at all. Study guides tell you exactly what to expect on the tests. Participation is crucial, so are the in class activities. EVERY POINT COUNTS! Optional final, but trust me don't miss class and just do every assignment and it'll be an easy class. HE DOESN'T BUMP YOU UP AT THE END. I was .5% away :(
3.5 : Compared to MKTG436 Sales was such a hard class! He's a much tougher grader overall the class was harder for some reason. The case studies can be challenging&amp; are a huge part of the class. He was pretty tough on everyone with the final project. My group had 3 international students&amp; my grade seemed to have been affected by that. Still a nice guy.
1.0 : If you hate participating AVOID or you will be picked on.
4.0 : This class is your typical class, definitely passable if you go to class and study slides for his tests. He gives out participation slips every day, and if you say anything he will give you one, you don't have to be right. Don't waste money on the textbook because everything you need to know is on his slides.
1.0 : I had him for BA 301 at CSUB. He was tough to understand and went very quickly. I would not suggest him for this class. Hard to keep up with him in Excel and his math computations.
5.0 : Ian is the kind of person who has the talent in teaching and educating.  He always knows how to let you learn. His class is full of students' participation, and he does not expect 100% right answers but respect different opinions. He cares about his students and know students' strength and weakness. I hope there's more professors like Ian at SFSU.
5.0 : Really good at teaching and educating and teaching his students, super knowledgeable in his field. Group work throughout the year, 2 presentations, quizzes on the cases, and it will benefit y'all to actually know the cases to participate in class and know what you're talking about. Tests are moderately difficult.
4.0 : Ian is very knowledgeable in marketing. Tests are really tough, use the book/slides. There is a group project and two presentations, he is very VERY harsh and critical during them. Grades easier on proj and assignments. 2pts per class for participating out of 600 total pts. 4 tests with the option to drop one including the final. U need a D to pass
4.0 : Students SHOULD participate every class in any way possible to gain points. You get one group for the semester (choose wisely) for the projects/presentations. Be prepared for him to critique you! He may sound harsh, but he teaches valuable information. Tests are hard, even with studying. There are 3 and the option of taking final (1 gets dropped).
5.0 : Peter is a great clinical instructor that motivates students to do their best. Peter listens to feedback and tries to give students a better learning experience - whether it is in the classroom or on the floor. Rare find and glad to have learned under his guidance!
5.0 : GREAT teacher. Super easy-going, but I feel like I actually learned what he was teaching. I'd love to take him again if I could.
5.0 : Kemtrup is by the far the best professor, super chill, super relaxed and super smart. Keep in mind this class is more of an english class more than a philosophy class, however, the material is still interesting and I would definitely recommend him! Only complaint is he takes a while to grade your papers, so if you want feedback, go to office hours.
3.0 : I thought that the test were the hardest part of his class other than that it seems very easy. He is a cool guy i think i just did not like the class material.
5.0 : He is very funny and very invested in philosophy. Super easy course as long as you at least put a little effort into assignments. Tests are challenging but I worked with other students and did very well on them. I did not attend class often so I would suggest attending to help with the quizzes.
3.0 : Lots of reading in this class, but not too difficult. The quizzes are tough, but he gives you the questions about a week ahead of time to study. You will pass this class as long as you try on everything, even if you turn things in. Only criticism is that it takes him a while to post links to turn things in online, so hard to turn work in early.
5.0 : Amazing teacher. If you do what he tells you, there is no reason why you can't get an A.
5.0 : Prof. Sours is a helpful, yet challenging instructor. She really makes you work hard for that A! I learned a lot from her class and her class helped me become a better writer. She is a difficult grader on essays, so take her class if you are a good writer. Loved the books we read in class!
2.5 : Have perfect grammar and college level vocabulary. Expect a lot of tutoring if you don't write the way she likes it. In my opinion I recommend this class to english majors. If you find yourself struggling you have to ask for help. The writing she gives as feedback on your essays don't help. Barely passed.
5.0 : Prof. Sours is an amazing professor that cares for all of her students! She's a tough grader and knows exactly what she wants/expects, but she'll give you extra time to revise your essay for a better grade; is really understanding about missed classes/late papers; and is really helpful w/ her feedback. Love her and her book choices!
4.0 : Nancy is one of the best profs I've ever had! She is so good at her job and she goes above and beyond to get to know the students in her class on a personal level. She is by far the most understanding prof I've ever had and you can tell she really cares about her students and will do anything to help them out.
4.0 : Easiest english class I've ever taken. Felt more like a high school class. She really cares about her students succeeding and will give you extensions if you talk to her, as well  as let you revise. She's honestly the sweetest little women and understands that she's dealing with students that have probably not adjusted to the college life.
5.0 : I loved Nancy Sours she's amazing, I took english 214 because she's so cool.
5.0 : Nancy is the sweetest old lady. She is super easy-going and chill. She's gives good feedback. She wants you to do well she wants you to pass. Shes totally understanding. She's super nice and class is not mandatory but I took a once a week class so it was pretty important to go to class. She picks easy to read interesting books.  I totally recommend
5.0 : Best english teacher I have ever had.  Gives great in depth responses on all work and allows you to revise and resubmit your essays to get better grades.  Only 3 essays all semester and you get about a month to do them all.  Very caring and understanding.   No other work besides a group project as your final where you adventure in the city.
5.0 : Sours is extremely sweet and actually cares about your well-being. I took a thurs night class (7-10), and majority of the time we got out early around 8:45-9. She is extremely passionate about english and literature. There are like 4 essays (3-5page). Just do them and turn them in. Love her!
4.0 : He is a really a good teacher who is passionate about the subject. He will help you learn in the best way.
4.5 : He now teaches multivariable calculus at Duke. He does a really good job at it. He is a very no BS guy who moves at a very good pace that is condusive to learning, and his office hours are incredibly helpful. He's definitely one of the better multi teachers at Duke. Don't be turned off by his difficulty, the grades are curved across class sections
4.5 : Easy class and it is usually only once a week, so there is no excuse to fail. She let's you turn in stuff late with a penalty. The material can be confusing at times, but usually easy to understand with a second or third read. Good for segment III.
4.0 : she is such a sweet lady! if she sees you are making an effort in the class, she will love you. Even though she talks on and on, she is so passionate about the subject which is a great thing for a teacher to have. The class is really easy, so there should be no reason for you to fail as long as you attend class and do the readings!
4.0 : Mrs. Fraschella is a sweet teacher. She is willing to work with you if you have any problems. Also, if you missed a due date or something just talk with her and she will work with you. Very understanding.
5.0 : Professor Fraschella is honestly an angel.  She is very passionate about the subjects she teaches, and is very knowledgeable.  She is also very understanding, so she's usually willing to work with her students.
5.0 : Mrs. Fraschella is such a nice lady. Im not much of a reader but I really enjoyed the books we read. If you didn't read just make sure to go to class for the class discussion. Only one short reflection due each week, about the readings or films. You will learn a lot from her. She cares about her students, go to her office hourEasy final open notes.
3.0 : LS300 Course offers almost no valueable or practifcal information. Half the semester was spent reading a fictional novel about Bangladesh. Second half was spent pretending that we were a kindergarten class and spent working on assignments in class. Nice and friendly teacher, but teaching methods are outdated.
4.5 : I took her CLAS 415 class Fall 2014 and I was really surprised how hooked I was with the reading. I really liked how each day was an explanation of the reading we had to do the day before. Even if the book was boring she managed to make it interesting. I got a C+ but I know I could of managed to get an A but I missed some papers. Do your work!
5.0 : Okay. There's so much to sum up in this class, but if you're down to learn A TON and have a strong work ethic this class is for you. This is the hardest class I have ever taken but also the most rewarding, "edification for the soul." Quizzes, grammar memorization, and vocabulary memorization almost everyday of the semester. You'll talk like Yoda.
5.0 : She's by far one of my favorite professors  yet. Her british accent was the best thing to hear in the mornings. Her lectures are always interesting and funny. Definitely take this class with her. She's honestly the best. Clear grading criteria.
4.0 : I loved this class. She knows her facts and makes class really fun and interesting. Definitely do the reading, and memorize names! Missing a class every once in a while is okay, but try and be at all of them! I highly recommend her class!
5.0 : McIntosh has been one of my favorite teachers at SFSU so far. She's super chill and funny. You read three epics (reading not necessary), she gives lectures on chapters which was the assigned reading and they're very clear. One test for each epic so three total and she gives extra credit. She goes over majority of test material. Attendance is a MUST
5.0 : I absolutely love this course! And Mrs. McIntosh is hilarious. I thought this course was going to be difficult for me but turned out to be fairly rewarding for me. The test are easy if you read and take notes. Usually she gives you a lot of information that you may have never thought of on youre own and its extremely helpful.
5.0 : I love her! She is so nice and also her lectures are so great! I understand the concepts really well because of her. You can easily get an A with minimal effort. You are graded on attendence. My Advice is come to class, take good notes and pay attention, and make sure you understand the story you read obviously, and I guarantee you can get an A.
4.0 : Great professor, knows the material. If you are a female, definitely take his class as you will have an advantage.
3.0 : Monshi is funny and quite a great professor. His lectures do get a little long though, but his passion for the subject is evident. His tests are pretty easy as long as you pay attention in &amp; not skip class. He tends to go off on tangents often, but they're pretty funny and make class more entertaining. Find a good study group &amp; go to office hours.
3.5 : Monshi is a really interesting and passionate professor. He's hilarious and you'll learn really interesting things. Show up to all the lectures, and you can get away with not using the textbook.
5.0 : Dr. Mpnshipouri is a unique and exceptional professor whom changed my goals and my thoughts about education and in particular high education. He taught me how to set myself a part and focus my weakness  spots as well as my strengths. You see, focusing my weaknesses  ultimately brought a victory and yelled success at last. Thanks to Dr. Mon ship.
4.0 : Mandatory attendance, only thing about him.  He is funny and nice, likes to talk to his students and engage.  Group project is annoying, I'm always paired with the people who don't come to class.......  He is a pretty easy grader but don't expect to do well without studying.  All of his ppts are online so you don't have to write everything down.
5.0 : Professor Monshipouri really cares about his students. He gets to know them all on a personal basis, regardless of whether they go to office hours or not. His grading is not difficult, but rather emphasizes overall comprehension. Tests are mostly just short IDsfacts, and group project is not graded harshly.  Wonderful class and professor!
5.0 : Absolutely THE best professor I have ever experienced in my life. If you are lucky enough to see a course with his name listed, TAKE IT. ProfMonsh4Lyfe
3.0 : He seems to be knowledgeable on certain subjects,  but overall he is not a very effective professor. He is very disorganized, at times unprofessional, and has only intuitive analysis on subjects that should be better developed. He is personable, helpful, and his tests are easy as long as you do the necessary reading. Lectures poorly.
5.0 : He is hilarious. Great professor, he cares about his students. Totally recommended!
4.0 : Monshipouri is one of the few professors I have met who genuinely cares about his students, and what they get out of his classes. I took his MENA class at SFSU, and am currently in his IR550 class, and I have never met a more passionate and genuine teacher. He cares so much for his students' futures, and is one of the most constructive critiques.
5.0 : Prof Monshipouri is the best! Really tries to get to know all the students, and really cares about each one's success. Although the first few lectures are a bit slow, the class becomes more and more interesting as it moves to contemporary times and issues. One midterm, one term paper, one group presentation, and one final. Easy stuff, totally worth
3.5 : Monshi is AMAZING. He really cares about his students and about the subject. He makes Middle Eastern Studies interesting and easy to understand! He is also a pretty easy Professor. Just listen to his lectures and every once in a while look at the text! He's also funny because of his accent and likes to crack jokes! Take his class!
5.0 : Laura is an excellent teacher, and incredibly thoughtful. If you have something going on that you need to talk to her about, she is very understanding. There are weekly reflections based off of the readings, but they are not difficult. There is a minimum 25 contact hours w/ assigned observations, but they are also easy!
5.0 : Hassiba is an inspiring professor. She is always excited and full of interesting material, caring and helpful. During her classes I have been able to experiment with different materials, themes, readings and activities. She has been fulfilling, meaningful and life changing. Her class is interactive and structured, playful and important.
5.0 : Andrea was a breath of fresh air in the chaos that is undergrad. She helped me find my calm in the calamity. She genuinely wants her students to enjoy art, and to see the benefit of it. I'm so glad that I took her course.
5.0 : Andrea is such a sweet lady. She truly cares about giving her students the best education she can. She is passionate about teaching us how to teach children in a way that is open-minded, creative and unique. I love all of the readings she assigns as well. They are extremely beneficial if you are planning to become a teacher.
4.5 : Professor Hassiba is amazing! She made me enjoy coming to school. Each day was so much fun and I always learned something new. She's also very helpful and friendly and always gave us food and drinks each class. I'm sad i'm done with this class, but I would totally take it again for sure!
5.0 : Andrea is one of my favorite professors. We work on art projects and put together a journal related to your chosen unit plan topic. She's very clear with what she wants, and she's always willing to help you or explain things to you. Her class is so much fun! Make sure you participate in class discussions so she knows you did the readings (only 5).
5.0 : AMAZING! I was never a fan of English but once I took Evans class i Loved it. There's no reason why you should get anything lower than a C+ on a paper. He gives plenty of time and many opportunities to edit your paper in class. Take his class you won't regret it.
2.5 : Prof. Evans has his own way of teaching. It helped half of my class, the other half, like myself were left scratching our heads most of the time. It indeeds makes you work harder, but it will test the limit of self-confidence and patience in yourself. Don't ditch his class ever. You either have to work hard, or get left behind.
4.0 : Yes, actually at first I thought that professor Evans was kind of rude and unnecessarily strict about certain things, but as I continued in the course I realized that I had mistaken his rudeness for directness. He actually proved to be a very effective teacher and I honestly feel that I have become a better writer since taking his course.
3.0 : Professor Evans is very liberal, and this shows through most of his lectures. Class discussions are worth attending. I found his opinions very interesting. Do not count on him for pleasantries. He's not "chill" and will not be understanding if you interpret the class in any way he didn't outline for you. He's sassy. Tread lightly.
3.0 : Although he was a pain, the discussions during class were helpful in thinking about things differently. There are a about 4-5 5 page essays and he gives many in class editing sessions.  He is honestly a great teacher and theres no reason for you not to pass unless you skip class. Participate and follow his instructions and you will be fine.
5.0 : Hands down best professor I had at state in 6 years
5.0 : Our class was small, so be prepared to speak up in class. Additionally, get ready for in depth discussions that connect to today's society. The class was very lively, but be prepared to write and read quite a bit. There aren't many assignments, but the lengths will be long.
2.0 : Awesome and approachable. However she is always busy and never responds to emails! I like the class material but I would not recommend her harsh grader and late homework policy sucks! weekly handouts so highschool
4.0 : The material itself can be a bit tricky to grasp at first but if you really put in time and effort into studying then you're golden. Courtney is an excellent professor who really cares about how her students perform and is always willing to help as long as you put in as much effort. I would highly recommend this class and Courtney!
1.5 : she's is so hard. All quizzes on reading no lecture. A lot of readings 3 articles 20-30 to pages each week.
4.0 : Caring, helpful feedback, class a bit disorganized
4.0 : Courtney is very easy-going and passionate about geography and geopolitics. She really looks for the participation and perspectives of her students when it comes to class materials. There are a lot of different readings, but not really any "homework". Quizzes are on readings and lecture material, which is always discussed in class.
4.0 : I started off unsure about her, but throughout the class Courtney gained my respect. She is very knowledgable and passionate. Class was cancelled several times throughout the semester, so keep an eye out for her emails. Tests are directly about the readings she gives, so read or they'll pile up! As the semester progresses, the class get easier.
4.0 : Professor Donovan gave lot's of readings but she also didn't make us buy a text book! She's pretty understanding and was very lenient when extending the due dates on certain assignments. Her lectures were a bit disorganized, but still understandable.
4.0 : Dr. Donovan is extremely passionate about the subject. This semester she tried to do something different by getting rid of midterms, tests, and finals. We also didn't have to use a textbook. She assigned us groups and we did mainly activities. She tends to cancel class a lot, and her hw assignments are tedious, but still better than a final.
5.0 : Really great person, she is so smart and so passionate and I just really respect her and think all of her students do. The topic is a little tricky but she does really makes sure we all understand the topics being discussed and really encourages participation and question. Hope I can take more classes from her in the future. Would highly recommend
4.5 : She shows a genuine care for her students and really tries to get everyone engaged. I appreciated how passionate she was about the subject, and is one of those teachers who never try to embarrass you. The only thing I didn't really like was that her reading was 100-200 pages a week which is a high order if you're taking lots of other classes &amp;work.
5.0 : You really can't do better than Mylander at SF State, or anywhere. A true professor. She is easily one of the most intelligent people I have come across on campus. She is fair, present, understanding, and real. She is also very funny and her lectures are great. Please do yourself a favor and take her class.
5.0 : Mylander is the best professor I have ever had at state. She is amazing! If you have the chance TAKE HER CLASS! As long as you pay attention in class and do the work, you're sure to pass. She's also an amazing advisor and I highly recommend going to her if you have questions.
5.0 : Professor Mylander was AMAZING!!! GREAT PROFESSOR and definitely knows her stuff, lectures are interesting and fun and her teaching style is awesome, keeps you up and into the poems and stories! Quizzes, 1 Paper, Midterm and a cumulative final.
5.0 : Great teacher. Take her if you have an interestlove for early modern English literature. Her lectures are great, I didn't want to miss any. You will have to do a fair amount of writing and a lot of close reading. You will enjoy the class if you share her love for the subject, otherwise you might find it difficult.
5.0 : Professor Martinez is pretty clear on what she will cover in class. She welcomes any question and will explain a concept in depth and revisit it throughout the course if she senses that students are having trouble. Students like this class so much they usually go onto fill up her 393 class. Take this class!
4.0 : Not a hard class for a lower division class. There are speakers every week that come to present. Write a 2 page reflection every week,  ask 2 questions for the whole semester, and your allowed to skip 2 reflections. Easy 2 units if you need them. If you see this class take it since I see this class is rarely offered. The teacher is pretty chill.
5.0 : She is intelligent and compassionate.  Alexis engages her students and allows the students to question something until they understand the material. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Alexis was an amazing professor. She thoroughly explained the information in a fun and interesting way, and always in the context of current events. I would totally take another class with her.
3.0 : Best professor ever! Offers extra credits through SONA system. 3 online exams, and half of the questions are mostly repeating from the previous tests. A super easy A! Highly recommended.
5.0 : Good all around. He tells a lot of corny jokes, but it's nice to see him making lectures fun. The class is easy as long as you pay attention. You can miss class without suffering too much. There are only 4 tests (lowest grade dropped, excluding final) So if you mess up there is not much of a bumper besides that. Take him, you won't be sorry!
3.5 : He is kind! He offers extra credits! Tests are online :)
5.0 : I took Dr. Morsella as a first-year graduate student and gained so much from his Research Methods class. He is by far one of the best instructors I have had in my life; he takes more time correcting the papers than some students do writing them! He says so many quotes and provides excellent outlines you'll use for years.
3.5 : Dr. Morsella is an incredible man. He is knowledgable and loves what he does. He made this class fun and extremely manageable. Attendance isn't mandatory but I still went very, very often. Take his class and get a good balance between discipline and self-care (ie, it's okay to skip a few classes if you must, but you'll still WANT to go to class:) )
5.0 : really easy class!!! She's really nice and friendly it was a really fun semester :)
5.0 : Heather is amazing.  Take her if you can!!  I learned so so much.  She is easy to understand and really wants what is best for her students.  I loved this class.
5.0 : I always struggled in Biology, and during HS I got a C, however with Murdock I got an A-! She is a wonderful teacher and amazing when it comes to office hours.  Im a student athlete and she was super helpful and never once counted me down because I missed or anything like that.  I highly suggest getting her as a teacher.
5.0 : I love it how she connects the lesson with her stories. Just study what she wrote on the board and on the study guide, you'll ace it.
5.0 : Great teacher, like seriously take her class!!!! Overall she is super nice,outgoing, and funny( especially when she describes some of her life stories). As a teacher she is super easy! Really all you need to do is take notes, pay attention , and do yor study guide for the tests! Her papers are also easy and simple. Definitely a must class to take!
5.0 : AMAZING professor. Lectures are fun, have a lot of humor, get to know her. 3 tests, take good notes and you'll do fine. HIGHLY recommend her.
5.0 : Murdock is amazing! My favorite professor by far! Her class is very entertaining by all the funny stories she shares with the class. She really cares about her students! Easy A, she allows cheat sheets for tests, assigns one group project (super easy), and gives ilearn quizzes as homework and you have as many tries on the quizzes! Take her class!
5.0 : Took Heather in Spring 2014. Where do I start? Shes wonderful, as a person and as a teacher! Everything she teaches, she will relate it to real life stories. 2 years later I still remember some of her hilarious stories. SO all in all if you show up and take notes word for word you WILL GET AN A. Take her class ASAP cause her sections fill up quickk
5.0 : Incredibly personable and kind. Her lectures are pretty much all notes, but she has such a kind and positive personality it is not boring. She has great stories about her kids and such. I highly recommend actually introducing yourself, she is super sweet and I still give her hugs when I bump into her. Also class is easy A. Tons of extra credit.
5.0 : Heather Murdock is the NICEST teacher I've ever had. It's like having an elementary teacher but in college. She's so sweet and genuinely cares about all her students. There's no final, and every test you can have a typed cheat sheet. (Just use tiny font, everything fits.) No homework, few online quizzes, and one group research paper.
4.0 : 3 midterms and 1 final , there is some quizes in class for participation, but she will give you the answers for them. no homework! (Besides reading) Study guide is useless, don't bother doing them. When she's in class and asks a question, it is most likely going to be in the midtermfinal.
5.0 : She makes you take test but allows you to have a cheat sheet. She enjoys teaching and tell stories about her that relate to the topic.
5.0 : Mrs. Murdock is the best teacher I have had. She allows two pages front and back to use on the test so theres no reason to do bad. It is helpful to go to class to take notes because the book has more than you need to know for the test. Murdock is hilarious and very helpful if you have questions. Great Teacher.
5.0 : Heather is awesome! I never really liked science but she makes everything funny, relate-able, and is clear with her teaching! I wish she could teach all of my science classes!
5.0 : Super funny she has many stories. Gives study guides and lets you use a cheat sheet that's a full sheet of paper. I always forget to make one and take the tests without it and have gotten A's. 3 tests the whole semester and a group research paper, only 5 pages and super easy. On random days we have to turn in notecards with our names for attendance
5.0 : Heather was literally, AMAZING. She would let you roam lab as you pleased after a brief but extremely helpful lecture, and after she would stay as long as needed to help you out. Even helped out on the lecture exams with great study sessions!!! I would (and do) recommend her to everyone who takes this class.
5.0 : She's Awesome!!!!
5.0 : Great professor! Take her class she makes it interesting and she's very helpful! Easy A!
4.0 : Heather is a great, she's very positive and upbeat in class and cares about her students. However, she doesn't use powerpoints to lecture and uses the board instead. It gets pretty messy tbh but if you focus it shouldn't be too bad. Plus, if you have questions shes more than welcome to answer it. She makes Bio240 fun, at least the lab part of it
5.0 : Heather is the best Bio teacher this school has.  She makes her class soooo easy.  Her lectures are entertaining, she gives out so so much extra credit, and you get to have a cheat sheet on the tests.  Her notes are exactly the test so just show up and write down her notes and you'll pass with an easy a.
4.0 : Professor Murdock was truly a nice and genuine teacher! She gives extra credit, and her notes are clear and thorough. She tells stories about her life often, and is hilarious. She makes the lectures fun, and you should definitely take her!
5.0 : Heather is THE BEST! I highly recommend her. Her class is very easy. She allows a 1 page cheat sheet on all tests. She also tell the best stories. Just a wonderful class and teacher overall.
3.5 : She's a fun professor. Lectures are interesting. Lots of EC opportunities. You can use a paper front &amp; back for the tests. Attendance is recommended. One group project (super easy) and i believe there are 3 exams
5.0 : she is the most amazing and easiest professor I think I will ever have. I recommend her to everyone!!
3.5 : One of the best professors at state! Great personality, willing to help you at any cost and she's passionate about what she teaches. 3 tests, and a few online quizzes.
5.0 : Heather is an absolute catch. You're lucky if you're able to take her class. The material is very easy to understand, her notes are legible and very useful in tests. She lets you use an entire sheet of notes for each of the tests. On top of that, she is extremely hilarious. Get ready for her stories, they're the best. Would take again, no doubt.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I have ever had. Lectures are simple. She is funny and GIVES SO MANY EXTRA CREDITS THAT YOU WILL GET AN A. She lets you use cheat sheets for midterms. Pop quizzes are also posted online  with a 4 day limit. I learned a lot ! this class is super chill.
5.0 : Heather is amazing, and these other reviews emphasize it! She's really compassionate about the subject, shares really funny and helpful stories, writes all of her lectures on the board (don't miss class!), allows a front-back cheat sheet on tests, and only two short group papers! She is a fantastic professor, SFSU is lucky to have her!
5.0 : SHE IS AMAZING!!! The best Biology 100 teacher at SFSU, she loves what she does and you can tell off the bat. Extremely knowledgeable and gives a TON of extra credit, she WANTS you to pass. Attendance not mandatory but takes attendance now and then. 2 midterms 1 final (not cumulative). SHES SO GREAT! Take her, she's really that awesome!
5.0 : OMG Heather is the best! She genuinely wants her students to de well and is just so sweet and kind. she has lots of funny stories and jokes that actually help difficult lectures make a bit more sense. definitely take her if you can for bio240, she makes the lab so much easier! 3 practicals, 3 quizzes and 2 group projects, few extra credit opport.
5.0 : The easiest class I've taken so far. Murdock is super cool and wants everyone to get an A in her class. You have unlimited attempts on online quizzes. Lectures can feel a little long due to all the notes, which she goes by really fast. But I highly recommend, if you go to class and study a little, you're guaranteed a grade no lower than a B.
5.0 : My favorite teacher at SFSU so far. Makes the lectures interesting, and gives a one page front and back cheat sheet for the tests, making it super easy. This class is an easy A, and Heather is great, definitely recommend.
5.0 : I LOVE YOU HEATHER!!!!!!!! NEVER CHANGE :) Her lectures are the very self-explanatory. There is a bunch of note taking but that's only because you'll be using them on the tests! You can always go to Heather for anything during her office hours and she will be there for you!
5.0 : This was the best science class I have ever taken and I think that is because Heather taught it. She's AMAZING. She is so passionate about what she teaches and makes it interesting to learn. She connects the class to our everyday lives and I feel like I have learned so much. She is so funny, friendly, and sweet. I 100% recommend her. She's the best
5.0 : Very easy teacher!!! As long as you go to class everyday &amp; write down everything she puts on the board you'll be able to pass all the tests that shes gives! Once in a while she'll also tell some really funny stories about her family.
5.0 : Heather was amazing. Her class was straightforward, super easy, and she made it fun and easygoing. My only issue would be that she literally writes paragraphs on the board, but it teaches you to become a better notetaker by paraphrasing rather than just copying. Definitely recommend!
4.5 : You will love this class! Heather is really, really sweet and always has a positive attitude. A couple easy papers and peer reviews which she grades very lenient. Couple online quizes but you can check your answers so you'll get a 100%, 3 Exams and they are only easy if you go to class and TAKE NOTES, sit near the front her handwriting is bad.
5.0 : One of the best Bio teacher I've ha. She makes the class very fun and interesting. There will be pop quizzes, but its easy. She offers lots of extra credit which is great. Her goal is to have all her students pass.
5.0 : Murdock is amazing! I rarely ever showed up to  class and ended up with an A. Class is composed of three tests, one paper, 5-6 online quizzes and  note cards that she uses for participation. Murdock is honestly the nicest teacher I have ever had and she really cares about her students. Take her!!!!
5.0 : Heather is one of the best teachers there is. She is really funny and knowledgeable. I loved her class so much. She gives A LOT of extra credit and always tells really funny stories. Also allows us to use a cheat sheet during tests which are all based on the notes. I highly recommend.
5.0 : Highly recommend taking Biol100 with Heather! Truly inspirational and creates a comfortable, accepting atmosphere for all of her students. Bio has always been a subject I've struggled with but I ended up getting a 97 in this class! She's easily accessible, offers extra credit, study sessions, and a one page cheat sheet for tests. Take her!!!
3.0 : Heather was a great professor but, all she did was lecture on the board. It was hard to pay attention to her and I barely showed up to class.
5.0 : If you aren't a bio lover, Definitely take this class! Heather is always there to help! And she's an amazing professor! She also has great stories!
5.0 : Heather is a lovable and hilarious professor. I didn't have much of an interest in biology before this class, but Heather made it easy enough for me to pass the class. There is no need to buy the book, because she goes over everything in class, but the book can definitely come in handy. Just take good notes and listen carefully, and you'll do fine.
5.0 : I LOVE HEATHER! I went on one of her college study tours and it was so much fun, I highly recommend if you're up for an adventure!
5.0 : Heather is an AMAZING and CARING professor. She makes her lectures interesting and funny, sharing personal stories to help make connections. She offers reviews before tests and lots of extra credit. I highly recommend taking her!
5.0 : The ratings are true. She is awesome. Attending class is a must to pass the class as the notes she gives is what will be on the test. One cheat sheet front and back typed or hand written. There is no way you can fail this class or not get an A unless you just do not show up for class or make a cheat sheet. I did not study at all in this class.
5.0 : Heather is very passionate and understanding. If you attend class and take notes (that she writes on the board) you will defiantly pass the class! Make sure you go to her review, she will tell you all of the questions that will be on test. She also gives a couple of extra credit opportunities, so if you mess up on a test don't worry too much!
5.0 : Best teacher ever. Easy ass class
5.0 : If you take the class, you're pretty much guaranteed an A. Attendance isn't really required because she doesn't take role. There is an index card due at the end of class but its not worth many points. Before the exams, she does a review in which she gives all the answers. Copy that down and make a cheat sheet (which she allows).  Easy A.
5.0 : Heather never leaves you bored. Her lectures are easy to follow and interesting. While reading her book does help understand the lecture even better, you don't need it to pass. She wants everyone to pass, so if you're not passing, ask for extra credit. She's a very energetic and compassionate teacher. Loves her students.
5.0 : I look forward to going to this class! Biology is NOT boring with professor H. 4 quizzes, 4 tests, reading here and there, a lot of lecture but great class! Although you DO need to study for the tests if you don't bring a study guide.
5.0 : Heather is awesome! The lectures are full of her just talking, yes, but she gives a lot of detailed notes and they're super helpful for your tests. You have a group paper, a few iLearn quizzes (easy) and 3 tests on the chapters you cover. She's very passionate and lively and made the subject way more interesting. You can tell she really cares!
5.0 : This is my favorite class this semester.  Just copy what she writes on the board and you'll get an A.  She always has funny stories to share to keep people interested.  Make sure you bring notecards to class because you turn those in to earn participation points.
5.0 : Professor Murdock is by far an amazing biology teacher. I took this class for a segment of my GE but with her lecturing, I felt as if I wanted to go switch from being a business major to a biology major. She is very clear when it comes to her lecture as well as interesting with her personal stories that make the class interesting.
5.0 : I would definitely recommend her to anyone looking to take Bio 100. She's an amazing professor and is very clear when doing lectures. She knows how to make the class fun and incorporate real life examples into the lectures. Her class is very easy, and always has open recommendations for tutors. Just go to class, she does random attendance
5.0 : She was an awesome professor! One of the best professors at State. Makes class worth going too. She's funny makes class interesting and her lectures are clear and easy. You can't fail in this class FOR SURE. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Great teacher. She gives you all the notes you need to pass the class and every single test. You get a Study guide that you can use on the test! and everything on that study guide is on the test and is every question on the tests. I would highly recommend taking any class with her as the teacher.
5.0 : best teacher Ive ever had!
5.0 : She's such a great teacher, super helpful, and very generous. She offers many extra credit opportunities and her tests/quizzes are extremely easy, go to class and you'll get an A. She always has funny stories about her kids or previous students and is a pleasure to have as an instructor.
5.0 : Heather is a wonderful teacher! Her lectures are entertaining, and it's super easy to pass as long as you just show up and take the notes that she writes on the board. She gives extra credit and allows a sheet of notes on the tests, which are all directly from lectures.
4.5 : SHE MAKES YOU FEEL SAFE! lol no but seriously  she does. she lets you use a cheat sheet for every exam, you do a group essay, and group peer review. AND HELLA extra credit opportunities. there are some ilearn quizzes but you get unlimited tries on those so 100% but yeah i would highly recommend her
5.0 : Heather is one of the best professors I've had so far. She is an amazing person and very helpful. I would 100% recommend her to anyone taking any biology course. Participation helps, but she gives a fair amount of extra credit assignments that can boost you right up. Also, she is very kind and understanding. Love her!
5.0 : Heather is so great, her lectures are fun, she tells a lot of stories and tries to make jokes. You don't necessarily need to go to class, usually Fridays is when she gives the notecard quizzes, but she says the answers before you turn them in. The exams are easy just make your 1 page front and back study guide good. Definitely recommend!
5.0 : She is great, her lectures are fun, she tells a lot of stories and tries to make jokes. You don't necessarily need to go to class, usually Fridays is when she gives the notecard quizzes, but she says the answers before you turn them in. The exams are easy just make your 1 page front and back study guide good. Definitely recommend!
5.0 : Heather is phenomenal. If you can take Bio with her, DO IT. She tells wonderful stories, makes everyone laugh, is so kind, makes lectures super interesting, gives easy iLearn quizzes as homework, allows cheat sheets for tests (hello easy A), assigns one group proj (easy). Really cares about her students. Loved her to death. Please take Heather!
5.0 : This is the best class I've ever taken. Heather makes human bio interactive by relating it to students lives and she takes the time to listen to our stories and include us in class discussion and lectures. Just don't buy the bookshe wrote it so she's going to be a human copy of it.
5.0 : An excellent teacher! Her tests are pretty much the study guide an she allows a one page cheat sheet! Assigns quizzes online and you can keep trying until getting 100%. Never thought I would get an A in science.
5.0 : Sybilla is awesome! Her class is a lot of fun, and as long as you come to class, isn't hard. Your grade is based on your photos/a midterm (take home).  Best advice = don't procrastinate on your re-shoots. She's so much fun, and is an excellent instructor.
4.0 : I love Sibylla! She's very sweet and passionate but also no-nonsense. If you read the directions on her website, you will easily fulfill each assignment. She grades mostly based on effort, which is liberating when being creative. She's got cool connections which she shares in class and the assignments are challenging but in no way impossible.
5.0 : I LOVED Sibylla! class consist of weekly photo assignments that you look at as a class then she gives you feedback and a chance to reshoot, a take home written midterm 25% of grade , and a final photo story project 25% of grade. Attendance is Mandatory. Learned a lot about a camera in this class and she is always available to help. Take her! Easy
5.0 : I Loved Sybilla! This was my first photography class and she taught me everything i needed to know. I am not a photo major but i feel as if i learned enough to not take another class and get by with my camera. Midterm is take home, NO NEED TO BUY THE TEXTBOOK, don't procrastinate on photos. Recommend class and teacher!
5.0 : Extremely helpful, encourages questions, excellent sense of humor, makes you want to succeed, never stumbles for an answer.  I only wish she taught my next math class.
5.0 : I had her for summer 2015, and it was a good experience learning physics. Polin teaches pretty well so you would have a good understanding of the subject matter every time you leave lecture.  To do well: make sure you go to all the classes, take notes, do the hw, understand the concepts, follow her expectations, and a good grade will come.
4.0 : The only tricky part about her class is the lab book. She wants you to follow her standards, particularly in the beginning, so make sure get the right size, etc. Also, you wanna know when to ask a question, if she's busy writing on the board or helping other groups, she cannot give a good answer. Nice lady at the end of the day.
5.0 : The best teacher I've ever had. Lectures are very informative, clear and concise when teaching about concepts, and she makes physics very interesting. I recommend doing homework for practice, but homework is not graded or required. Lastly, if you want to learn and challenge yourself, I suggest taking her class. Definitely should get paid more!
5.0 : I took Polin for physics lab at City College. She is a fun, helpful, a little tough on lab book requirement, but once you follow her standards, you can do well in her class pretty easily.
3.0 : The class itself is interesting at the beginning but boring towards the end of the semester. She has a humorous way to lecture and it really catches your attention. Just make sure you study for the exams and weekly online homework. Your grades rely on them.
3.0 : The tests are basically the study guides and hwk questions. Don't forget to do online hwk (also costs about $60)  do all extra credit!!!! she gives a lot
2.0 : She posts her notes online so you don't have to come to class. Theres homework every week but its very easy. Theres 3 midterms and 1 final-- VERY HARD. Her midtermsfinal is nothing compared to her powerpoint or HW. I was happy enough to pass with a C, so its up to you to take this class or not!
3.0 : Professor Yadak's class is extremely easy.  You don't have to show up to the majority of classes.  There're 3 midterms, which have word for word study guides without answers plus the lowest is dropped.  The final wasn't too bad, I studied hard and got a 105% on it.  HOMEWORK is worth 35% of your grade so don't miss too many assignments.  Take her!
4.0 : Summer of 2016. Prof. Yadak is a great lecturer, who truly cares for the success of her students. Her grading over the summer depends on your exams: 2 midterms (25% x 2) and a final (30%). HW due weekly, occasional pop quizzes, and activity sheets. Unless you've taken physics before or dedicated to this class, I don't recommend this over summer.
5.0 : Just completed a summer course with Polin and she is a good teacher. She takes time to make sure students understand the material which is especially crucial for a faster-paced summer course. Lots of examples and explanations to make sure students understand concepts. Is available outside her office hours &amp; has nice sense of humor during lectures.
4.0 : Polin is a great educator. She is very helpful and makes things simple. She cares a lot about her students. She is fair in her grading and is a very nice lady. Physics itself was challenging to some students especially during the summer. Ask her questions, do the work, understand the concepts and you should do fine. Would take again.
4.0 : Excellent teacher, very helpful in answering questions, gives clear info on what you'll be graded on (most of the grade comes from the lab sheets and the two exams, which aren't too difficult, don't expect them to be a walk in the park either, though). Very friendly and approachable too!
5.0 : Polin is an incredible teacher. Despite her heavy accent I had no trouble understanding her and she was better at conveying difficult physics concepts to me than any other professor. The homework probs are perfectly designed to help you understand the material. I would DEFINITELY recommend her. And she's funny too. You do need to show up though.
4.5 : Polin is a great professor; the subject matter is interesting on its own but Polin makes it even more so with her lectures, she is soft-spoken but very funny and fun to listen to. She makes it easy to pay attention to lessons (textbook centered, lecture slides available online but attendance counts) and cares about class understanding.
4.0 : Really funny professor. She has a grading system of 90+  A- to A,  75  89.99%   B- to B+,  60  74.99% C- to C+, 45  59.99% D- to D+.  She gives a lot of extra credit worksheets but you can only do them if you attend class, so make sure you go! Also make sure to pay attention to lectures and really study for tests and you'll do great.
5.0 : Polin is such a good professor.  She is super funny even when she does not mean to be.  She is very helpful, not much homework at all (one online assignment a week), and the tests go hand in hand with the notes which she puts on line.  Homework will save your grade, so be sure to do it.  Definitley recommend taking her, the class is super easy.
5.0 : Polin is super funny which makes her lectures really interesting.  Every class she said something funny and worth remembering.  Not much homework (weekly online activity due every sunday) and her tests go hand in hand with the notes and homework.  Not hard to pass the class as the home work saves your grade and you get tons of extra credit.
2.0 : Please for the love of god do not take her class. Any other professor would be better than her. Her lectures were long and boring, she wasn't engaging, and had almost no respect for students. Her homework doesn't relate at all to the lecture, but more to the book. The only upside is that she gives you the questions before the exam.
3.5 : Her class is pretty simple as long as you do a little bit of studying and do the homework you'll do fine. Also I never used the book once.
4.5 : I liked her in the beginning and still do a bit, but she almost failed me on one of the exams. She is very helpful to students, but at the same time selective for favorites. If she wants to fail you, she will do that, but you won't notice her intentions unless you pay attention to her attitude towards you.
3.0 : He's a decent lecturer and explains concepts with copious examples. He is, however, prone to be late. I did not find anything particularly inspiring about him.
5.0 : You don't have to go to class at all honestly, but I went because he is really chill and funny! He also explains everything really clearly and easy to understand. Would totally take him again!
5.0 : Class format: 3 midterm, 1 group project and one personal long importexport research paper. If you want to learn take this class. she is very knowledgeable in the import business. She is easy grader but be prepare to do all the projects and turn in on time or grade will be reduced.
5.0 : I took two of her classes. Love this professor! She is very clear about the expectations, will answer all of your questions. In my opinion, the test (3) are very easy as long as you study for them. The personal project is not that hard and actually is interesting. IBUS 430 is the most practical class I've taken so far and gives you real knowledge.
3.0 : Lectures are among the most boring i've ever been subject to. She is a very nice lady, but the lack of effort she puts into her lectures is a direct reflection on the laziness of the students in this class- the WORST- this matters bc everything is a group project! I never studied for any tests including the final. She takes attendance twice.
4.0 : Prof. Furuse is very sweet. However, her exams have a very heavy weight: 20% for each midterm (2) and the final exam. Tricky tests, 25 questions each, each one wrong is 4% off of your exam grade. I got an A on the group project, oral presentation, and research paper, and I still barely passed the class because I didn't do well on the tests.
1.0 : While she is a very nice lady, the lectures are the most boring ones I've ever seen. EVERY class she just reads the PowerPoint slides. Slowly, with a heavy accent. For 3hrs. In between reading the slides she takes breaks to look at them and think of examples. Two hard multiple choice midterms because of awkward phrasing. Group work. Pick wisely.
5.0 : Excellent import/export class. Learned how to import/export a product from 1 country to the next. 1 easy individual presentation and 1 easy group presentation. No HW, only 1 major term paper broken up into 3 sections throughout the semester (allows re-writes for Ds and Fs). Textbook is optional. Tests are hard (not F grade Hard but C grade hard)
3.0 : you have to memorize the slides and the book word for word in order to ace this class. she does not do anything herself, she just uses the pearson education's slides and reads off of them. She expects a lot in presentations. she is very nice, but quite lazy when it comes to teaching. I don't understand how this class is not offered online.
4.0 : Its obvious that Vic ENJOYS teaching. He always gives great feedback on student work and respects his students as artists. His sense of humor doesn't vibe with everyone but don't take offense from his sarcasm--he means well!
5.0 : Professor Braswell has been the best professor I've had at SFSU thus far.  He's easily approachable and very helpful.  I learned a lot in his class!  Take him if you have the chance
5.0 : Pr. Braswell is really nice and helpful. He has this easy-going style but you actually learn a lot in his class! The projects he gave were engaging and 'real-life,' and class discussions were fun. Sit in the front of the room b/c he sometimes speaks rather quietly. Overall, most definitely one of the best MBA professors!
5.0 : Outstanding grasp of material. Creative projects, lively debates.
5.0 : One of my best teachers at the university
2.5 : we'll it was her first time teaching the class. so she seemed pretty jumbled. The one thing I couldn't stand was that she was using another professors slides and just editing them to her preference. : how can you teach passionately when youre trying to figure out your own slides? oh and the slowest grader ever. feedback on assignments? maybe never
5.0 : I definitely was not one of the more talented or skilled students, but after her class I was comfortably using InDesign and understanding page/type layout. Many times, I was frustrated by how my work was turning out, and she'd offer useful insight into why or how I could improve my work. My final project is something I was proud of.
4.0 : Be prepared to go over and beyond if you want an A. She is a really interesting and enthusiastic professor, but expects a lot out of her students. Lots of tough and time consuming projects back to back, two hard lab tests/practicals. Study/work super hard and you will pass, only take it if you're ready for this kind of work
2.0 : Riding tenure until retirement. He is definitely part of the poet community but he doesn't bring anything to class... no plan, nothing new... Don't expect any deep digging into reading or your work. Just makes copies of poems to read, which you could do on your own. Makes comments on work during class, mostly "typo here" type of stuff - no depth.
5.0 : Prof. Hoover is a brilliant poet and inspiring human being. I loved his lectures and his related tangents. Half lecture, half critique (very gentle).
4.0 : You absolutely have to read and show up to class. Some of the criteria requires serious thought and reflection. She goes over each ethical theory/perspective in class and answers questions. As long as you stay on top of your work, this class is very interesting and informative. This class really changed the way I think about ethics and nature.
5.0 : Anyone getting a degree in Composition or Literature should take Sugie's class. At first, the reading load is heavy but the class discussions are interesting. Sugie can bring even some of the dry readings to life and always provides useful connections to classroom teaching. She is one of my favorite professors - always helpful and interesting.
5.0 : Sato Sensei has been an amazing teacher for me. If you have an interest in learning the Japanese language, I would definitely recommend this teacher. I had her this past semester and she is really helpful. Several times I would show up late and she would still give me opportunities to take quizzes and make up homework. I absolutely recommend her.
5.0 : He is one my favorite teacher, in many professional way. You will learn a lot with Jono.
4.0 : Jono was a great professor for me when I took his theory classes. In the beginning, you don't know how he is, but later on you'll find that he's entertaining . He makes our mornings even though I have take his class 8 am in the morning.  Overall, he's easy to reach by email and responds within a few hours and holds reasonable office hours.
5.0 : Jono is an excellent instructor. His lectures are clear, well organized, and engaging. The class atmosphere is relaxed and participatory. The tests are reasonable, and grading is fair. He gives plenty of extra credit as extra test questions and extra projects. He is available during office hours and answers email. Overall excellent experience.
5.0 : Vance is just an awesome professor - he's one of the best. Come to class, do your part, and you're pretty much guaranteed an A. People usually do bad on the first exam, but second and third exams are always much much better. Don't expect your exams back, once you turn them in they're pretty much gone forever.
5.0 : Davis Is awesome! I had never taken a swim course before or have taken any kind of water sports in High School, and I learned quite a bit about strokes in her class. This is a good conditioning class with an amazing instructor! If you can, take this course!
5.0 : Shes AMAZING. Super sweet and willing to help you on the spot. She is super encouraging and even if you don't know how to do a certain stroke-she is willing to help you out. She is such a sweet heart and also she is super patient. Honestly take this class-it was my favorite class of the semester.
5.0 : I can't say enough good things about her. I get a great workout and I feel like I always get helpful feedback. She cares about development and education, and that caring permeates into every aspect of her instruction. I'd take her again in a heartbeat if the opportunity presented itself. Show up, work hard, and she'll do the rest.
4.5 : Jane is a low-key, calm instructor. She is quite strict on attendance, but since you'll spend a lot of time on projects (I was in open studio quite frequently outside of class) this is a no-brainer. Pace yourself and you'll do fine. I heard she's a tough grader for the upper division ceramics classes...we'll see!
5.0 : He's a godsend over Krause. Awesome professor, patient and takes time to go over concepts and gives us enough practice (HW) to make sure we understand material. He does an average job of explaining concepts, but always willing to help when you need it.
4.5 : He looks like Dwight from the office, except he's super cool. If that doesn't say it all, I really don't know what will.
5.0 : Very nice, down to earth professor. Some of the concepts can be overwhelming and challenging, but he understands. Doesn't force anything overly difficult for exams. HW is related to the notes which I learned a lot from. Always accommodating, patient and willing to help if you ask him. I highly recommend him for 325.
5.0 : Taking 325 for the second time, I learned a lot more compared to Krause. He's super nice and funny. At office hours,  helpful &amp; great to strike up a conversation. HW is related to his notes which are very concise and clear. Allows cheat sheet for exams. If you do HW and attend class, you should get a B/A. Overall, I recommend him. Thanks!
5.0 : Dr. Schuster is a great professor. He is very cool and easy going. He has weekly assignments and a midterm and final. He gives practice exams. His exams are worth 70% of the class, so it can be hard if you don't do well on an exam. However, he is very nice and I would really recommend him. Helpful during office hours.
5.0 : Very nice, down to earth and funny professor. He motivated me to excel at the concepts he taught. Makes sure we understand before moving on. One midterm and final which are related to the HW's, notes and study guide.  If you attend class, take notes, and do well on all HW's and exams, you will for sure pass this class. I highly recommend him.
5.0 : This guy is a great professor. He is no frills, clear, and engaging. He made a tough subject enjoyable for the average student, and was a nice and down to earth guy outside of class. Full marks.
5.0 : Excellent teacher! He really wants you to succeed and learn, he is not out to fail you, he is an excellent teacher and is very good at explaining. He really know the stuff and is very good mathematician. He is very friendly and respectful. I definitely recommend him!
5.0 : Schuster is THE MAN!!! He is one of the best professor in Mathematics department. If you want to learn some extra topic other than planned topic, he is more than willing to teach you. I am looking forward to take Real Analysis I with him.
3.0 : She is nice enough, but needs to work on explaining in better detail her material. She is very knowledgeable but often has a hard time starting from square one with students. However, she can be very understanding and down to earth. I wouldn't recommend her classes, but I wouldn't tell a friend to stand clear of her either.
5.0 : 550 is obvi crazy-hard, and Prof. Skonie did a great job marshaling 25 people and their 45 to 60-page research papers. Her critiques are merciless and always cut to the chase, but they're well-intentioned and critically useful to make anyone a better researcher, writer, and analyst of IR. Listen to what she says, dispassionately: You'll improve!
5.0 : Very enthusiastic teacher!  One of the best teachers I've had in my life. Do NOT buy the textbook. She has one for students in Reserve at the Campus Library. Pay attention in lectures and I guarantee you'll get an A. She checks attendance frequently! You might be annoyed by her personality as some were during her final...
5.0 : Lively, enthusiastic professor. One of the best lecturers I had so far, and always happy to help with questions and discussions in-class (time permitting). Exams are not that difficult, but you will have to study. Takes attendance often and tries to remember your name too. I strongly recommend sitting near the front if art history is your thing.
5.0 : Taking Susan's class was one of my highlights of coming to SFSU. I'm not anywhere close to being an art major, I'm actually a nursing major, but Susan's passion for the subject made sitting lecture for 3 hours interesting and insightful. I definitely recommended her class to other students!
2.5 : Anal about writing assignments, difficult grader. Helpful if you show interest in the class and make effort. Not a class you should take if you're looking for easy credits. Finals/midterms are his choreography. He spends most of the class on technique.
4.0 : He is a very effective teacher. He knows how to sequence techniques to learn in progression of complexity. He holds you accountable to become better. He has a great sense of humor which really helps with an art form that is usually filled with intensity.  You need to practice outside of class and be awake in class. Don't dance sleepy.
5.0 : He's a cool teacher. 2 midtemrs and 1 final worth a big chunk of your grade. The midterm is out of 10 questions.. I only got 2 right and received a D -.- thats how hard physics is. Anyways, if you read the book you'll be fine. His lectures are really interesting and I guess one thing he could do is show example problems but other than that, :)
3.0 : Lectures were interesting. Lots of conceptual demonstrations/experiments and examples on the board. Make sure to make detailed cheat sheets  for the exams. There were only 2 exams and 1 final so do well on all of them. There's less than 16 questions for the exams so there is not a lot of room for mistakes.  percent 35 Final. 50 Midterms (2). 15 HW
4.5 : His lectures are really clear. He breaks the topic down nicely. Take notes of his examples, which help with the homework. Get the book for the homework. Posts slides after class. Short multiple choice tests. His final was really hard compared tp the others. He curves based on average score of class.
3.0 : The lectures are utterly pointless since you can just read the text and do the online homework weekly. The lectures are fine though not necessary since it just follows the textbook which is already an easy read. 4 exams, homework (20%).
4.5 : 1 midterm and 1 final. Class is pretty easy, the homework answers are all in his lecture that he post online. Some pop quizzes but they're easy if you pay attention in class. You don't really need the text book. I loved his class so much. He really tries to make his lectures engaging. Best Astro teacher at SFSU!
5.0 : Absolutely enjoyed his class. Extremely helpful and clear. Homework every other week, two midterms (heavily curved)and a final that is extremely easy.
5.0 : Easiest physics teacher. Tests are like 15 questions and mainly conceptual and very simple. If you pay attn in class and read to understand concepts.... A for sure. Plus he is really funny.
4.0 : Lectures can be boring at times
2.5 : Lectures are incredibly long and boring, but maybe that's just because I found the subject material boring. Either way I was fighting not to fall asleep on the days when I would actually go to class.
5.0 : He's really passionate about what he teaches and that's awesome. I was super lazy about this class so I could have easily gotten an A but he was super cool about grading and I was still able to get a B even though I never payed much attention.
3.5 : This class is great! You really do have to pay attention. Don't fall behind or else some things can get really confusing. His classes are usually 3 hour long lecture classes so be prepared. Overall, he is a fun goofy professor. Very adorable! For mid terms and final he usually heavily curves the tests ( which is much needed).
5.0 : Take Dr. McCarthy! His tests are quite easy and he explains the material in a way that is easy to understand. You will learn quite a bit while also getting a chance to enjoy Physics.
5.0 : He is so funny and makes the lectures interesting.  He really likes astronomy and his passion is shows through.  He is a great teacher and makes everything easy to understand.  His tests are easy if you study properly.
4.5 : He is entertaining and super easy. Just do the homework and you will be fine.
4.0 : Chris is so adorable and humorous! Lectures are long and if you aren't into the class, then they can be boring. A total of 6 homework assignments (10 questions per assignment), 1 midterm, 1 final, and he gives study guides for both. Class is graded on a curve as well. Powerpoints are always posted online (which have the homework answers).
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers so far at SFSU. He was so excited about space that it just rubbed off on the class and made you want to learn. The tests were super easy too. I would definitely recommend you take his class!
5.0 : Professor McCarthy is definitely one of the best professors I've had in my two years at SFSU. Homework for my 3 hour class was every other week and the questions can be easily answered through his lecture notes. His tests are multiple choice and easy if you study a little. He offers extra credit so take advantage!
3.5 : physics is hard (in my opinion) but dr. mccarthy grades on a curve which helped me tremendously!  also, homework helps a lot.  read the book, go to lecture and the help sessions and you'll be just fine!
4.0 : Great guy - nice and very passionate about astronomy! I wasn't so into the subject but I ended with a B. Study for the tests !!! They were difficult if you crammed the night before. And take advantage of the extra credit opportunities he provides.  Textbook is expensive at the bookstore to buy/rent, get it on Chegg or Amazon or share w a friend!!
4.0 : He really likes teaching astronomy and never runs out of material to present. I had 5 other classes that I was taking and had more priority to me so I didn't really try in this class. If you show up every class and study for the quizzes, midterm, and final you should get a B at the minimum.
3.5 : Real cool guy. He really enjoys teaching astronomy and never runs out of material to present. I had 5 other classes that I was taking and they had more priority in interest to me so I didn't really give it my all in this class. If you show up every class and study for the quizzes, midterm, and final you should get a B at the minimum.
5.0 : LOVE HIM! he makes astronomy fun and he is very engaged in the subject matter
4.0 : He is a really funny guy, but if you have him for the 3 hour and are not TOTALLY in love with astronomy, you won't enjoy it as much. Overall, he is really nice and willing to explain anything! Just make sure to attend class, cause he does hand out SUPER easy pop quizzes that are used for participation!
5.0 : It's a lecture hall for three hours so of course it's going to be heavy but he tries to keep the material fun by using props and examples. Good class and good teacher who takes time after class to talk to students, but u do have to sit for like 3 hours
2.0 : I wish that I liked this prof but I just don't. He is really passionate about this topic but he is just not good at teaching. the lectures are so dry and not interesting. it is very to the point but you just want to zone out. I feel so bad because he is passionate just not the best! I'm usually an A student but this will be my first C in college.
5.0 : He is, without a doubt, the most adorable Astronomy nerd out there! He has a kind of stutter that causes his sentences to sound fragmented and delayed but it works for him haha. You can tell that he's super passionate about Astronomy and that makes lectures a lot more fun. Also, he LOVES it when you stay after class and ask him questions.
5.0 : only a midterm and a final. he's an amazing teacher and really cares about the material and the students. the course is easy especially if you attend the lectures, he posts the notes on his website. exams are short and study guides are very helpful
4.0 : He is an amazing teacher. Although the lectures are long, he makes them very interesting. Homework is due every 2 weeks so the homework load isn't too much. The midterm/final weren't that difficult as long as you show up to class, take notes, and study. Very good experience, loved this class!
3.5 : Some days the lectures feel really really long, and other days (when the topic is more interesting) the lectures fly by. He's got a very... different sense of humor, and he is always hyped to teach some astronomy. He does have some random pop quizzes and you really do need to study for the midterm and final. There's like 6 homework assignments too.
4.0 : He's really passionate about Astronomy to the point where it's inspiring, refreshing, and hilarious. He's a cool guy and I think he almost resembles Billy Mayes but that's just my opinion.
5.0 : Such a great professor! Did not consider myself into science at all before this class, but his obvious passion for what he teaches has inspired me to continue taking astronomy courses. Curves tests, which are relatively easy. Also has a quirky sense of humor and works to make each lecture interesting. Would take this class again!
5.0 : He always made class interesting! He is very passionate about astronomy. You take a lot of notes but they will help you on the midterm and final. He doesn't really emphasize reading the textbook but it helps a lot. His homework assignments are also fairly easy.
5.0 : Very lecture heavy, but he keeps them interesting and explains big concepts in little chunks at a time to help everyone understand. His passion for astronomy shows, which makes the class entertaining. His lectures are basically straight from the book, so as long as you go to class theres really no need for the book at all.
4.0 : This class can be tedious but he made it enjoyable enough. It's clear he cares about the subject. Do the extra credit! You'll take A LOT of notes but you will thank yourself when it's time to study for the midterm and final. He's pretty goofy but it's nice to see someone enjoy their subject as much as he does. Ask questions!
4.0 : He is a good teacher. very passionate about astronomy but be is good he is kinda awkward,but in an adorable way. 1 Midterm, 6 homework assignments, and a final he also does like 2 pop quizzes and 3 participation sheets randomly. make sure you study for the tests. he does 2 extra credit assignments one before the midterm and one before the final
5.0 : he is amazing. he Makes physics fun and very interesting to learn. His tests are not hard as long as you study, do the homework and know the material . he is simply awesome
2.0 : Awful course, especially with a 3-hour block. He dully lectured the entire class yet made some of the complex material difficult to understand. It's important to attend because he gives in-class assignments (after the break) for participation. There are also several homeworks. Thankfully, his midterm and final were basic and easy, just study.
5.0 : Jennifer is a great professor. She's in the field, and has great connections. She knows how to set up and teach a clear, logical class. Her knowledge in the field aids your development in her course. She is an interesting and nice person and will give you help if you ask for it.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I have ever had. Is extremely nice and very knowledgeable about communication, she truly wants to better your speaking skills and will. The class may seem like a lot of work but as long as you put some effort in you get and A cause she is a very easy grader. If you have the chance definitely take her.
5.0 : Great professor, always calm and respectful. Don't worry if you have any question. He will help you during class or office hours or even reply your email within a day or two. Good grader, must take at least one of his class. You will learn a lot from his class. He provide a same project for all the students, but you get to learn a lot from it.
5.0 : Dr. Mahmoodi is one of the bests in this school.  Don't doubt to take his classes, you may not get the chance again specially for graduate students because they are not for long time in school. I wish they could let all courses to be taught by him!
5.0 : Take his class, He's good if you show interest in the subject
5.0 : Stevo is one of the best in the program, but if you can't take his dry acerbic wit, you won't like him.  HW assignments aren't graded, there's a midterm you gotta study for, and an open book final that's not as easy as you might think.  If you engage in cyberconnectivity during class, are sick, or crinkle bags in class, WATCH OUT!
4.5 : Professor Weisberg is a great teacher.  His personality may be an acquired taste, but the quality of his class and the time you spend in the course is top notch.  He motivates you to study and learn and is very prepared.  He explains things clearly and expects the best from his students.  Highly recommended and very popular professor.
5.0 : Round 2 (Torts) with Stevo!  For those of you who were intimidated by him in Civ Pro, have no fear! He's ultra relaxed in Torts class.  He starts every class with amost an hour-long case discussion (called the "Stevo Circus"), then discusses tort theories.  Take-home midterm, take-home final, and an ungraded presentation.  Very fair.
5.0 : Round 3 with Stevo!  Contracts class was set up the same way as Torts:  an hour of case discussion each class, then note taking.  Take home midterm, take home final, and an ungraded presentation.  That's it.  I highly recommend taking all 3 of Steve's classes.  Go for the Trifecta Perfecta.  You won't regret it!
4.0 : "Let's see what our textbook author has to say!" Ah, VINCE! Nice guy, but you need to do the work VINCE'S WAY.  About 5 case briefs, final report and a presentation.  Attendance is required, so show up. His grading methodology is his only weakness.  He will give your brief back to you if you miss a period, which can get annoying. Overall, ok class.
5.0 : Vince is super intense, and the nitpicky details can get frustrating. But I learned a ton in the class. Despite being really intense in lecture, if you happen to catch up with him after class, he's a really kind person. No surprises whatsoever, either; even the "surprise quizzes" were written in the to do list!
4.5 : I loved this class!!! Professor McAdams is an amazing teacher. He's organized, fun, clear, and the activities are fun. We had couple writing assignments (nothing crazy, mostly reflections), few quizzes (not hard--He reviews right before you take them). There is one big final group project as your final (fun!). Just TAKE IT, you won't regret it :)
5.0 : Drew created a wonderful community within our class that made it comfortable and safe for everyone to step outside their comfort zones. Half of each class is spent playing games which in turn relate to the lessons. There was consistent work, but never too overwhelming. I would highly, highly recommend taking this class! It was my favorite at SFSU.
5.0 : Very easy grade. He's super awesome.
3.0 : Drew is like a big lovable puppy dog. Pros: easy class, play lots of fun games participation grade is huge, papers are mostly personal journal style, so very easy to write. Cons: he means well, but he has a lot of unchecked privilege. Also I didn't feel like we learned a lot of concrete info in this class. Overall Drew has a lot of positive energy.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've had at SF State. He's so fun and energetic. You'll literally play in class all the time and the amount of work he gives is just right. Take him!
2.0 : Professor Marchand doesn't have a clear grading rubric when it comes to her weekly reflective writing. She said there is no right or wrong answer but when one tries to think outside of the box, she deems it incorrect. Her course stream lecture is also very sleep inducing and barely helps you do the lesson quiz. Don't expect getting an A from her.
3.0 : Professor Cynthia Wilzack is a good lecturer, but I felt like I didn't learn a whole lot in that class. I don't know why; I guess it's because the class is a big class that I couldn't concentrate on the materials. Exams were a little hard. Exams are taken on iClickers, so you need an iClicker for the class. Doesn't give extra credits so that sucks.
3.0 : Professor Wilczak is really passionate about anthropology and you can see that in her lectures. Her class is super lecture heavy and her tests are reaaaally difficult even if you go to class everyday. Attendance and participation is by iClicker so you NEED to go. Make sure you do the pretests or your grade will start hurting.
4.0 : She is a great professor. Her lecture slides have cool photos and includes an occasional video from various documentaries. I disagree with some students assessments of her tests, they aren't that difficult provided you've studied more than a few hours. She has some low key funny side notes too!
4.0 : LOVE WILCZAK! Her lectures can be a bit long, and are overflowing with info sometimes, but she posts the online for later viewing. Her use of iClickers makes for an easy participation grade, but demands that you show up for class. The tests are a bit hard, so I would highly advise some intense studying, but she makes sure to cover all the info. (:
4.0 : Loved Professor Wilczek and her class! She is very clear and easy to follow in her lectures, and even puts them online. However, she goes beyond her slides to really explain the material, so if you don't go to class, it's not as straightforward. Tests weren't too hard if you study the study guide.
5.0 : I was terrified to take a Bio science but when you have to Anth 100 is the perfect one to take.Wilczak gives good thorough lectures and is happy to go into more detail if asked.She's so passionate about the subject matter and it really shows in her lectures.The tests are detailed multiple choice.3 unit tests and final on a clicker+pretests online.
5.0 : Prof. Shahani is amazing! My favorite class at SFSU so far. Make sure to be on time and brink the textbook. The quizzes are easy if you've done the reading, sparknotes versions work too. People who gave Shahani less than 4 stars are most likely just lazy. It's easy to get an A if you do all the required work.
5.0 : If you want a fulfilling and exciting college experience, take her class. Shes literally the best professor here at SFSU. Do it.
5.0 : truly one of the best professors here at State
4.5 : Professor Shahani is super intelligent and super intense--she definitely scared some people away on the first day of classes. Her lectures are always super interesting and she speaks so well, plus she has a good grasp on other media outside of Shakespeare to tie the lecture all together. Go to class and that's all you need.
5.0 : I absolutely hated Shakespeare until I took Shahani's class. Her amazing, eye-opening lectures truly show how knowledgeable she is. Someone like her is truly in the field they are meant to be in. She knows what she is talking about, is passionate, and she actually KNOWS and RESPECTS her students and their opinions. TAKE HER. APPRECIATE HER.
4.0 : She's brilliant! Honestly, her enthusiasm is enthralling, and though she can be quite intense, I find her class invigorating. The only criticism I have is that she can be rather unreceptive to other interpretations of the text, regardless of the notable supporters behind any given interpretation.
5.0 : I LOVE Shahani but I'm pretty sure everyone does. She has so much energy and I never fell asleep in her class. She keeps things interesting and comical! She knows her stuff too! She grades fairly and gives positive feedback on your tests and essays as long as you try. She will call you out if you're sleeping!
4.0 : Shahani is a great person all around and you would be lucky to study under her! She says you can use spaknotes instead of reading the textbook for quizzes but if you want better scores use the book too.  I think its kind of ridiculous this class is still required for english majors in 2015 but apparently I'm the only one.
5.0 : Truly the best professor I've had in my four years. Intelligent, funny, engaging and caring. I struggled with Shakespeare and hated it until this class. Her lectures are amazing and incredibly interesting. Quizzes aren't too hard as long as you read. Getting an A is absolutely possible. Don't fall asleep though, she will publicly shame you!
4.5 : A great class to take if one has zero knowledge of the legal system, helps you appreciate how the system works.
4.0 : A great class to take if one has minimal knowledge of the leal system. She makes you better appreciate how the system works from a practicing attorney's perspective.
5.0 : Professor Nusse is one of my favorite professors. She's very enthusiastic and knowledgeable of human anatomy. She makes sure that you understanding everything before leaving her class and she does everything that she can to help you pass. I am not a fan of the virtual lab, however she offers extra credit options to experience the cadaver lab.
2.5 : She's good at her work, but she's bad as a teacher. Class is extremely passable, but not much was learned. BIO 220 is a joke. Take BIO 328 if you want to learn. I'm sure she's better there.
4.0 : Nusse is a bit scatterbrained but that's fine. Will reward you for putting in the effort. No need to buy the textbook because it's accessible for free through iLearn if you click around a bit; just buy the lab manual. You don't really need your own dissection kit since the lab has the tools you need usually lying around. Just do the work and enjoy.
4.0 : She is awesome! She really made me love the study of anatomy. Only reasons I did not give her 5's are because her lectures sometimes are not the most helpful, and the tests are "fair." They aren't the hardest but most certainly not the easiest. Do her study guides (even though they are long) and read the book. It helps.
4.5 : I have never met a more passionate professor other than Gloria. She cried because she was so mad at herself for being 20 min late to class, THAT IS LOVE FOR TEACHING!! Lectures may be unclear at times but she's always willing to help her students, read the book or go to office hours if you don't understand. I FULLY recommend taking her class.
4.0 : Gloria is great! She is very approachable and passionate about the course and what we learn. She does her best to make sure we understand the material and makes her tests fair. Extra credit too! Most of the people who take this class are required too, but you should be excited regardless!
2.5 : Her lectures are incredibly disorganized and lack focus. She will meander off into a topic she found "cool" but in reality is totally irrelevant to the material you need to know for the exams. MOST people don't attend her lectures which is a pretty good indication of her inability to encapsulate an audience. Nice doesn't make a good teacher.
4.0 : She's super nice and passionate. Yes she goes on tangents sometimes but going to lecture helps she drops hints on what is on exams.  Study guides and doing well in lab are essential to doing well in anatomy. Most of the learning is on you She offers lots of extra credit and exams are fair and doable if you study and prepare she made me love anatomy
4.0 : Gloria is such a wonderful, kind, and passionate professor. She does in class demonstrations and really tries to pique student interest during lectures (which admittedly ramble and be irrelevant in terms of what will be on the test). However, she is a passionate teacher and will help you with whatever she can. Take her for lab or research she rules
3.0 : Disorganized w/ lectures &amp; on iLearn. Off topic with lectures. Will not finish the 200 pg PPT slides - have to read to learn more material even if she didn't go over (cause it may show up on exam). Makes us buy workbook w/ access code bundle - access code unneeded - scammed students (workbook useful). Any anatomy book will help. MUST LEARN ON OWN.
5.0 : Gloria is the best! She offers extra credit, is always willing to help and is passionate about teaching. Anatomy is not the easiest to learn, but as long as you do her study guides and practice, you will be fine. Attendance not mandatory. Best professor I've ever taken.
2.0 : Lecture gets off-topic for the half of the class period. If you had aced BIOL220, it's just about 10-30% more content for each chapter, so DO keep your BIOL220 notes. Access code is unreq' even it said so on the syllabus. Book can be found as a PDF. Muscle sys. is the HARDEST (limbs), but everything else is easy or OK (I had an "A" in BIOL 220).
2.5 : Gloria's lectures are all over the place, the material is better learned if you read it on your own. Do well on the weekly lab quizzes, as it has new material every week, and owns 30% of your grade in the class. Do the study guides, I would recommend reading the textbook, and do the extra credit that she offers.
5.0 : One of my favorite classes of all time. Jordan is highly intelligent and knows his stuff. As long as you come to class, participate, take notes, complete the term paper, you should do fine. One of the nicest professors on campus, highly suggest taking him!
3.0 : DON'T BUY THE TEXTBOOK. You won't need it, he posts is lecture notes and slides online and thats where he writes the test questions from.
2.5 : He is unorganized, arranged for a sub many times and was not very clear as to what he wanted. Easy to pass the class, but he needs to work on his teaching.
5.0 : MEGA BABE/NICE. Go to class/pay attention/be involved and you won't have to study more than an hour before the test. I never used the book, not once. Even through he posts slides from lectures online, if you just go to his class (like i said before) then you'll be fine. midterm-50%+final-50%your grade. will offer extra credit for the dummys
5.0 : Seriously such a easy class! You don't even have to go but I actually enjoyed going. Jordan made everything crystal clear. Never last the full 3 hours too
4.5 : I took 2 classes with Cecil this semester. He's a super nice guy, and though he always looks a little exhausted, he puts his heart into every lecture. Plus he's funny!
3.5 : Didn't care that no one showed up to class, I honesty wouldn't suggest this class, your grade is based on 5 things, so you do bad one it takes a letter grade down. He was scatterbrained and all over the place all the time.
3.5 : Never cared whether you were in class or not. His lectures were directly read off of his slides, which he posted on iLearn. Fairly easy class as long as you did the work. Not many homework assignments in the class though, so a bad grade on one could affect your grade drastically.
4.0 : this is basically a little theory and history course about broadcasting. Malcolm super easy going, and he's kinda funny too. just show up to the lectures, don't sleep through them, get yourself a book and you'll be fine... about 10 open book quizzes online, 3 papers, an easy group project, and a midterm and final. not all that challenging
4.0 : I dreaded taking this class and ended up loving it. Malcolm is incredibly passionate about the material, and makes dense, difficult (and pretentious) concepts fairly easy to understand. Gotta do a bit of  thought and reading, but he's encouraging and an easy grader if you make an effort. The best professor I've had at SFSU
1.0 : Don't be fooled!  Cecil is a really awesome guy but this class is AWFUL! Boring, difficult, and mostly difficult to understand. The ideas in the book are almost as unclear as the ideas in class.  Would not recommend.
4.0 : I absolutely loved this class. Malcolm's passionate for the subject is clear. He is open minded to many different ideas and points of view and genuinely wants his students to succeed. Would definitely take a class like this again. Lots of media in class &amp; interesting readings.
3.5 : This class really depends on the student. I received an A and barely went to class. It is a tough subject but the discussion board is what helped me understand the theories. The exams are extremely hard if you DO NOT study so study!!!!! he gives you the exact information and definitions to what you'll be tested on. Easy A if you make an effort
4.0 : Professor Cecil loves what he teaches.  Beware his tone of voice can be somewhat monotone.  However his classes are interesting.  He shows cool tv shows like Jersey Shore, Family Guy, South Park, Walking Dead as examples to explain the information.  Online quizzes every week based off 10 page readings in textbook.  1 midterm and final.  2 essays.
4.5 : Phys230 is HARD! The BEST advice is to go to her office hours and help sessions.  Dont be lazy or shy, these will save you LOTS of time. Hard to overstate their value if you're serious about an A, or busy with other courses/job. Dr Man REALLY cares about helping students, but you have to put in the effort too! GO TO OFFICE HOURS/HELP SESSIONS!
4.0 : dr man is an adorable lil lady and she really knows her stuff (i had her while she was pregnant so she was pretty stressed out all the time). she tells you exactly what you need to do in order to pass and makes time to help you understand her lessons. i struggles a bit trying to understand her accent but she's a fun instructor and i love her!
4.5 : She tries to scare you on the first day pretending you have to put in 6 hours a day into this class to pass but it's really not that bad. However, she does give online WebAssign hw for every day of class (ec for finishing 24 hours early), and iClicker quizzes often. Definitely not easy, but if you pay attention to the hw and in class you'll do okay
4.5 : Dr. Man is the BEST professor!! She is amazingly clear in her lectures. It takes only 3 things to get an A- Make sure you work as hard as she does to explain the concepts, understand every single homework question, go to all her office hours and help sessions. She is super enthusiastic. She turned my fear into love for physics. High respect for her
5.0 : Great professor. She really cares for her students and pushes them to do well. Very helpful in office hours and email (Responds pretty quick even at late hours). Quizzes and exams HW based. iClicker is easy if you reviewed her solutions thoroughly. Midterm can be tricky but as long as you review HW and ask for help you'll be fine. Take her!
4.5 : This teacher is very helpful and expect you to take her class ONLY and ONLY  for the semester, she thinks that you are a physics major and your only take physics 240 and that is it!!!! She always tell us make sure you know every little freaky thing in our HW. She does not know how to write tests. She is an MIT level teacher, she shdnt b i easy sc
5.0 : Like the below poster said, she's a great and helpful professor, but makes you feel it's the only class you're taking. Yes, Physics is time consuming if you don't put in the effort early and start procrastinating before exams, but if you don't understand anything from her HW'ssolutions, she's more than willing to help.
4.5 : Professor Man is really passionate with her teaching, and will do everything she can to help you understand the concepts of E and M. Problems on exams are the same problems she gives in the HW, so do the HW. Will only give basic E and M problems so that students can understand the concepts, b/c the course is a foundation for future classes.
4.5 : I don't know where to start. From passionate to the most caring and thoughtful professor I have ever had in my whole experience of going to school. You can't imagine how much she ACTUALLY cares about her students and how much effort she gives to make sure you have a good foundation in E&amp;M. Awesome teacher. I hope I have her again in the future.
4.0 : Test questions are the same as homework questions, so just study those solutions, which she gives you online. Cares a lot about her students, but assigns a crazy amount of work. Quiz almost every class and a bunch of homework assignments. She makes it very clear how to pass though and if you put in enough effort you will do very well.
4.5 : She knows her stuff. Has a moderate accent which can get in the way at times.
5.0 : you can not find an easier physics professor  the class requires los of work total of 44 homeworks  exams are all homework problems show up to classes and study homework problems  its easy to pass
5.0 : Great professor. Doesn't go too much into theory and more into the Mathematical parts. 230 is hard. Very helpful in help sessions, office hours and email. There's a lot of extra credit to be earned. Midterms and final are based from the HW, but can be difficult if you procrastinate. Work hard and you'll do fine. I highly recommend her!
4.0 : She is a great professor as for the way she teaches. she gives load of work! lot of work!! quizzes every lectures, ton of homework, and reading. Follow the steps below and you will succeed with at least a B in the class: - do all the homework,read before class for the quiz,go over every hw problem and the solution she puts up! she a is hard grader!
5.0 : I am very fortunate to take Dr. Man for physics 230. Even though, there were tons of work and readings, I learned alot from it. Midterms are based off the hw and class notes. If you follow her guidelines such as reading and going over hw and classnotes, you will possibly get an A. Take her.
2.0 : Ok this class was hard. It will most likely take up all your time as she makes you read for every class and she gives a quiz almost every single class. She does give some extra credit for homework if you do it early and she curves final grade but you will not pass with a 60 or below. Her tests are hard, so you have to study all day for them.
5.0 : I  can't imagine taking this difficult class without her. She helped us so much in so many different ways.   It is amazing how much we learned this semester. I never thought that I would actually understand physics like I do now. I  wish we had her for physics 220.
4.0 : The subject itself is E&amp;M which is notorious for being difficult as it is. Doyour online hw 24hrs or earlier. youre given 10% extra points if you do. Her exams are the hw. every derivation that will be on exams is given to you. when you see a red box on hw with a diagram and some kind of proof. memorize it. shell ask you to derive it on exams.
5.0 : Lots of reading, but not hard.  Write reflections for class participation  (easy) ---attendance is important  Two midterms -essay One Final-essay   SUPER funny-adorable guy. Cares about his students!
4.5 : Professor Livie is an amazing lecturer. I took his 7-10 class and while night classes can be long his were often very interesting. His course is very well prepared, you do learn alot in one class setting, but he is always available to help via office hrs or email. The only challenging part of this course was the essay exams which were difficult.
3.5 : Very enthusiastic teacher.  Lectures are interesting but I took his 7-10 class, which made it hard to focus on the lecture after the first hour or so. The exams are challenging,usually consist of ID terms and two essay questions. I never read the assigned books and did fine on the essays however.  Good teacher, but class was too long
5.0 : Awesome professor, very supportive and helpful does an excellent job explaining what is required of you and keeps his door open for counseling in and out of class. I took the gwar class so the workload was more intense than another class may have been. Still as long as you show up and do the work well you should get a good grade.
5.0 : He's an awesome professor. Tests can be intimidating but the study guides are very helpful. He infuses his lectures with videos and sound clips that can make a lecture a lot more tolerable. Class is made up of tests and in class writing assignments (if you do them you get full credit).
5.0 : Profesor Livie is an awesome guy. He presents his lectures and materials in a very interesting and intriguing way. The class is very enjoyable. He is fair about his assignments and tests. I would suggest talking to him about what he is specifically  looking for in your writing, because his requirements can be a little abstract at times.
5.0 : Dr. Livie is a great, engaging lecturer. Granted, I love history, and I'm pretty good at it, but this class wasn't necessarily hard. The exams (2 midterms, 1 final) consisted of two full-length essays each exam. He posts a list of potential essay questions about two weeks before an exam, and you choose between several on the exam itself.
5.0 : He is a very funny guy and makes his lectures hilarious. I don't like history at all but with his class I actually enjoyed it. There's 2 midterms and 1 final that all consist of essays. For homework we have reflections which usually is just what we learned in class, we have to right a paragraph about. Really recommend this teacher!
5.0 : I was nervous to take a 3 hour lecture but I ended up loving Kyle. Attendance is mandatory but I didn't end up dreading the class at all. There is reflection homework given after class to take home once in a while. However, the majority of your grade is 2 midterm papers &amp; final paper which weren't hard at all. Kyle is funny and knowledgable.
5.0 : Kyle made History enjoyable and was able to relate historical facts to popular culture which made learning an easy experience.
4.5 : Kyle Livie is hilarious! He made my freshman year of college definitely easier and I genuinely looked forward to his classes. The tests were super straightforward- basically the lecture. His lectures were entertaining too. Plus, he has the study guide online 2-3 weeks before the midterm. Awesome teacher and man!
5.0 : I loved this class, but I love history anyways. If you don't love history, he's really funny, very relatable, not hard to listen to. Really cool guy, I enjoyed his class a lot. It was a 3 hour class but he usually let us out like 45 minutes early
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had. The only person I could listen to for 3 hours straight, great sense of humor. Lessons are extremely organized and well prepared. He intertwines relevant photos and videos within notes to keep class attentive and interested. Exams and finals are easy as long as you study. Overall, a great person and a great teacher.
4.5 : Super funny and engaging. Made the class enjoyable. Easy grader but still hard tests.
5.0 : Awesome guy in general! He's really nice and willing to help. The class is so easy as long as you do the few speeches and quizzes. Only homework was to write a speech and study for the easy quizzes. No final or midterm!
5.0 : Awesome guy and teacher. Take the class, it's easy because he helps you through it. Not boring at all.
5.0 : Dude!!!! I wish all teachers were like him, all of his reviews are so accurate. You just cant not like this guy, he's funny, easy-going, understanding, and truly cares about his students. Don't  take any other Comm class, he knows his stuff.
5.0 : Great class. Super engaging. Friendly and understanding professor who understands that life does exist outside of school. Show up...pay attention...you'll get a good grade.
5.0 : There's a reason john is one of the highest rated teachers! He's the best! Always there for you, super understanding, makes lectures bearable. Don't buy the book bc everything you need is through lecture and examples of your own life which makes everything easier to remember. Class was packed on first day of people trying to add. 5 stars!
5.0 : Best professor ever! The ratings do not lie.  Engages the class to participate, but understands if you don't. Never had an easier A than this class.
5.0 : Ryan is pretty awesome and can teach you confidence in public speaking. He's really friendly and I'm fortunate to have him as a communications professor. I really would take this class again for fun.
5.0 : John was such an amazing professor. He creates a really comfortable learning environment, where you end up speaking a lot in class with small group assignments. You have only 4 actual speeches, there were like 3 small quizzes. I don't think a single person got less than a B on anything we did. His lectures are fun, and I love him as a person.
5.0 : That ranking doesn't lie! John is extremely passionate, really laid-back, and really good at giving constructive criticism. He's super approachable and kind of like "that one really cool uncle". I hated public speaking and failed miserably at it before this class, but I have so much more confidence now! Take it, no regrets! It's an experience!
5.0 : Professor Ryan's Rhetoric class at USF is the greatest. If you qualify for RHET 130/131, take him! He lets you speak and write on whatever interests you, which is supposed to create good speeches and papers. I have learned a lot of speeches given in that class because each student is unique. He's not hard, so do what he asks. It's not a lot.
5.0 : Honestly, John was such a great teacher. He takes interest in his students and he cares a lot about you doing well. He lays out what is going to be on the quizzes, very straightforward. would definitely take his class again. Highly recommend this class.
5.0 : If you want a fun time in one of the most nerve-wracking classes, take him. He is so funny in his lectures which makes it easier to understand. There are a instances of group work but it is very harmless and usually in class.
5.0 : I was not excited about this class originally because I hate public speaking, but John Ryan is so great it actually became my favorite class this semester. He makes lectures really interesting/funny, and he makes you feel really comfortable giving your speeches. No midterm/final, just easy quizzes &amp; 4 speeches. Also lots of group work but it's fun!
5.0 : Great teacher! Very laid back and approachable. He's so nice. Group exercises during class just chit chatting the whole time. 2-3 short papers and 2 simple quizzes.  1 short final presentation at the end, which was not bad at all.
5.0 : THE BOSS. He is so far one of the best professors I have had. Not only is his class engaging but he creates a fun atmosphere for students to learn. He is an easy grader and you have a few easy quizzes and an essay as a final.  Also, his classes fill up FAST.
5.0 : John is truly an amazing professor, I DEFINITELY recommend taking one of his classes. Was nervous about taking Comm because of my fear of public speaking, but he creates an easy-going, welcoming atmosphere for all of his students. I always left class feeling inspired and cared for after his lectures. Definitely makes Comm an interesting subject!
5.0 : one and only professor who deserves a 5 star rating. You NEED TO TAKE HIS CLASS PPL!!!  Nicest guy and a really great teacher/mentor!! 3
5.0 : This professor has changed my life. Not only will you learn from him, but also you will take in life lessons from the dude. He'll forever be my favorite professor.
5.0 : I hated public speaking before this class.  But he made me feel very comfortable presenting.  I've heard good things about all the Comm 150 teachers here, but I think Ryan is the easiest and makes the experience the least stressful.
5.0 : Professor Ryan is one of my favorite professors at SFSU. He is so easy to talk to, answers any questions and makes you really prepared and on board with the material for quizzes and papers. Usually his final project is built up over a large chunk of the semester so no worries on crazy finals! Gives GREAT study guides and makes 8am classes a breeze!
4.0 : john is the man. can be considered an easy A but take advantage of his easy going lectures and laid back vibe. would recommend.
5.0 : I took him for a summer course at City College of San Francisco. He was extremely chill and promoted group work. For a speech class he was extremely understanding and let us take our time, no pressure. The classroom setting was great because for the speeches you generally choose the topic yourself so you end up learning a lot about those around you
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've had! Great lectures and so laid back.
5.0 : John Ryan, possibly my favorite professor. He is a great teacher and person. Very helpful. He also understands when you couldnt make it to class and allows you to make up the speeches. I hated doing speeches, but he made the easy by always giving great feedback once you finish the speech. I highly recommend him to everybody.
4.5 : While at times a bit of his instruction might be unclear, he's more than willing to clarify any confusions you may have during his office hours and review sessions. His tests are leaps and bounds more transparent than that of Patterson, the other co-lecturer, by a long shot. Content mastery is not completely easy, but Zink makes it very doable.
4.5 : He is very friendly and his class is easy to get good grade
3.5 : Great teacher. Very competent, knows what he's talking about. GO TO CLASS. The option to watch lecture online is tempting but he's terrible at it. Hah. Sometimes he would accidentally turn the sound off or wouldn't change the screen so you wouldn't know what he was writing or saying.
3.0 : It's not an easy A but his class is pretty strait forward if you go to class. Test are basically what he lectures about +He gives you a study guide. Only counts your top 3 test out of the 4, so his final isn't mandatory if you do well on the others. Nobody shows up to class after spring break. (Really, sometimes there were only 5 of us)
4.0 : Chernomaz offers an interesting take on an interesting subject. His power points are funny and informational. He posts all his powerpoints on ilearn. drops lowest test score (4 in total) and drops two lowest hw assignments (13 total). Fun class, good professor, easy A.
4.0 : He's a nice guy but his lectures are pretty long and boring. I sometimes can't really him. Only four test. No final.
3.0 : Easy class. Attendance is not mandatory. He gives extra credit sometimes. He's very kind and willing to help his students. In my opinion, his slides were not that useful, so I had to read a textbook.....
5.0 : best teacher! I learn a lot
4.0 : This man is the best. His class is very straight forward and the material is easy to grasp. There are 4 exams, (lowest test score is dropped at the end), and they are composed of 15 multiple choice questions and 1 FRQ. If you do well on the first 3 exams, you're basically done with the class. Homework is easy. Overall I really enjoyed his class.
4.5 : 4 non-cumulative midterms all based of powerpoints that he made! They're actually kind of adorable. He posts lectures online so attendance insisted mandatory. Homework is unlimited tries. Really chill. Take him!!
4.0 : Great professor, so glad I took his class! He posts all his lectures as videos online, so going to class isn't necessary. There are 4 exams and he drops the lowest score, so if you do really well on the first three you don't have to show up for the final! Unlimited tries on the homework too. Lectures a bit boring, but Kirill is the best
4.0 : Come to class and learn by osmosis or don't and study his online notes.  Either way this is an easy A.  His english is far better than he thinks it is.  He is very patient and willing to answer questions.  He breaks things down into VERY simple examples.  Nothing appears on tests or homework that he does not cover extensively in class.
4.5 : He is the best! his power points are fun with live stream surveys to get everyone involved! take him- u won't regret it!
5.0 : Best econ teacher out there.
4.0 : Very passionate about the subject and a great teacher!! Be ready for outside projects though.
5.0 : He really cares about the material and makes sci fi references. Maybe I'm biased because I already thought black holes were interesting. He also seems to want you to succeed and understand so he was pretty available and easy to talk with.
4.5 : I took development of Femaleness and Maleness with Vallin online. I didn't know what to expect, but her online class was great! Really organized and clear. Interesting topic. Every week consisted of a quiz, discussion, readings. 2 self assessment papers, and a final paper. Take this class if you can!
3.0 : Lead pretty good discussions and had interesting video cases. Personable, tried hard to raise enthusiasm for the subject and classmate bonding. Was late to class pretty often and late posting links very often, though. Reading and tests very tightly related. Long personal paper and several group write ups.
4.5 : Pr.HB is amazing &amp; very kind person! 5 quizzes (based on book&amp;lectures), 7 reflection papers (1pg each), one 10pg paper, two easy 15min presentations. Easy grader!Make sure to at least look thru the chapters,come to class and speak up, ur grade depends on it. Very nice and intelligent person! sometimes lectures seemed boring,but overall I loved him
5.0 : Hands Down! One of the best professor at State. He's style of teaching is hella chilling. He cares more about the knowledge itself rather than the test or grades. Exams, just read the book and you will survive. Curve, set the class average at B. Thoughtful activities during class. Very funny guy. Canceled class the week before spring break. 5.O!!!!
5.0 : I really like this prof's teaching style. The information is taught in a true seminar fashion, encouraging class discussion. There are a few lengthy assignments, but nothing ridiculous. Quizzes on the reading are of medium hard difficulty. His teaching style is the pinnacle of what I have encountered at SFSU and I wish he taught more classes.
4.5 : Professor Harris-Boundy is an amazing teacher. He really gets the class going when it comes to class discussion, which I personally like because it really helps people learn better. Not just that but he has very good inputs when it comes to questions and concerning problems. The only negative part about Professor Harris-Boundy is his late response.
4.5 : Dopest professor at sfsu take him.
4.0 : Plater is a passionate and caring teacher, heck he runs an environmental non profit.  His class is hard, more than half the students drop the class before the end of the semester, but hold on because this does not mean his class is not worth it.  You will be pushed out of your comfort zone and come out a better student thanks to Plater. Enjoy!
5.0 : Note: Professor Hanley's class is not for the weak at heart. He WILL test you with his essay prompts, lectures, and the ideas provided in class. Be prepared!   Professor Hanley is an excellent professor at San Francisco State University! Tough grader at times, but he pushes you to your full potential. I miss his class.
4.5 : Prof Hanley is a great teacher. You can see how passionate he is about Literature and he tries hard to make his students feel the same. He can be a tough grader, but his door is always open for help and revision. I enjoyed the discussion and analysis of all of the readings we did--I even enjoyed writing about them.  Fun class, highly recommend!
5.0 : Good teacher
5.0 : Tom is an incredibly passionate professor and I would highly recommend taking Plant Ecology or any of his classes if you get the chance. Although the class is somewhat rigorous, Tom knows how to convey the material in an engaging manner and the experience is extremely enjoyable. There are a few field trips and two very memorable camping trips!
2.0 : Jenkins presents his class in a way that he believes makes sense and gets to the essence of what is required in motion writing.  While he was prepared for class and wrote clear notes on the board, I found him unhelpful when approached for guidance on assignments or feedback.  The presentation was an excuse for the final grade he wanted to give you.
5.0 : Fantastic professor. A mix of traditional and non-traditional. Articulate and very hands-on.
4.5 : Bill Jenkins is an Asst. DA, and he certainly knows his stuff!  He goes really fast to mimic a real law firm environment, so you need to keep up.  5 major pleading documents and a presentation.  He takes attendance, so make sure to show up.  If you get a solid A in this class, consider yourself well prepared to write anything a lawyer asks of you.
4.0 : I taken Scott's Cine 202 . He is really helpful . Quizzes and final exam is all online but  can be a bit hard and tricky . You can ask him for a one on one tutoring prep before quiz to get a higher grade  . attendance is 25 % , so fail all quizzes u can still pass with a C .
5.0 : Theresa is an amazing teacher. Classes involve a lot of participation, but that's what makes them interesting. She is also super available and takes the time to work with students.
1.0 : She is absolutely abhorrent. She decides whether or not to like you and God help you if she dosent. She will refuse to answer your questions and she will insult you every class. Only enrolled because I had no choice. Never ever again.
5.0 : Theresa is awesome, amazing teacher. She asks everyone questions to make sure you understand the materials. She explains things very well that I barely read the textbook. Final is optional if you do well on first 2 exams and attend every class. Exams are easy as she will post the old exams for you to study. I highly recommend to take this class
5.0 : One of the best professor in Accounting department. Theresa is super nice and friendly, and she cares about students. Class involves a lot of participation but no pressure. Getting an A is not difficult as long as you attend to every class and do homework. Overall, the best accounting class I've ever had.
4.5 : Honestly, one of the best, if not, the best. Her lectures are crystal clear. I honestly have only opened my book twice or thrice. Make sure you attend class everytime because if you missed even one class, you will struggle. Calls on all student every class, so be prepared. Only downside though is she curses a lot. She's extremely funny though.
5.0 : Agree with prior comment. She is genuinely an amazing smart professor and kind human being. She is hilarious and sarcastic. Getting an A is not difficult. Do the practice exams and attend to every single class. It really pays off!!!! Also she cares about her students career and provides guidance.
5.0 : Professor Hammond is an essential part of the SFSU experience for all accounting majors. She genuinely cares for students and gives the best lectures. Show up and be mindful of her expectations
4.0 : Class was pretty easy and enjoyable. Two papers laid out from the beginning of the semester for you to do so you have significant amount of time before due. Random quizzes/attendance for points. A couple of field trips that start very early in the morning. Not passing this class is all on you.
5.0 : Very passionate and a great teacher overall. She believes in her cause and very helpful whenever you need help. Easy going personality and able to be flexible. Just be sure to do the work and read what is assigned.
5.0 : Such a great class! I had no interest in parks and rec before this class but it was such a wonderful class. One of my favorite classes this semester, even more than my major classes. The field trips are super early but they are fun and much better than writing a paper
5.0 : Kearns is a rare teacher, one that doesn't use a textbook but actually takes the time to lecture and not be boring. The man has a gift with history, as he teaches the subject through a 15-week narrative, divided into three parts while keeping hold of a larger picture. He is a really nice guy and would highly recommend.
4.0 : well, he seems really chill, sounds like you can kick back and relax, but you actually have to come to class and take notes thoroughly since the notes he posted are sometimes unclear by just reading it without listening his explanation. It's hard to get a solid A. You have to work really hard to earn it.
5.0 : This class is the easiest class on earth.  Professor Kearns is a super caring guy who loves history with a deep passion.  He teaches his class with an open mind to everyones opinion.  His notes are uploaded online.  3 essays and that's it.  He grades quick.  No tests or quizzes.  You don't have to show up to class.
4.0 : Lectures are a little drawn out, but he posts the lectures online.  Extremely relatable.  Understands the life of a college student and is incredibly accommodating.
5.0 : Prof Wong is amazing! She's incredibly nice and wants you to do well. Had a few papers &amp;the final was a big research paper, but it was super easy. She makes sure that you understand everything and she schedules individual conferences for everyone to talk about your grade and how to improve. Favorite professor by far!!!! Wish she taught eng 214!
2.0 : Do not take her for an upper division class. She's unclear and treats you like you were one of her middle schoolers. She's great for the undergrad classes, but I have learned nothing from her in my almost grad-level class. Save yourself the headache and frustration and wait for Morris or Graff to teach the course.
5.0 : She is one of my favorite teachers that I've had so far attending SF State and a great teacher for ENG 214. You also get to do an awesome blog project during the semester. I enjoyed her class very much and would definitely want to take her again
5.0 : Ms. Wong is seriously the nicest and best teacher I've had so far. She cares so much about her students and really tries to get you to succeed. Every class was always fun and she would bring food for us sometimes. There are two essays on the brain and one final 10 page research paper. TAKE HER CLASS! You won't regret it!
5.0 : She is one of my favorite professors so far! She is always there for you and happy to help. Always gives extensive feedback and is willing to meet outside of class to help you! The sweetest professor ever!!
5.0 : Mrs. Wong is one of the best teachers I've ever had. My writing has really improved, and she really wants us to succeed and do better. We get one on one meetings regarding any issues we have or to talk about paperswork. Overall, one of the best classes I've ever taken and I'd take her class again. 100% would recommend.
5.0 : Mrs. Wong is by far one of the best professors I've had here. Unlike any of my other classes, I feel like I got so much out of this class and that it helped me improve my writing a lot. She wants you to do well and pass, and will make you work for it, but it will definitely be worth it. She is the definition of an awesome, great teacher.
5.0 : Professor Wong is one of the best professors I have ever had the pleasure of learning from. Her class is not that difficult, but there is a 10 page research paper that I recommend beginning as soon as possible. She helps you the entire way through and only gives positive feedback which is refreshing in college.
4.0 : Mrs. Wong is one of the best I've had. She is always willing to help you and meet with you.
5.0 : My favorite class at SFSU!  I didn't realize who Lar Caughlan was prior to taking this class, and now I feel so lucky to have had this opportunity!  He started the yoga program here at SFSU in 1972, I think.  Lar is retiring, but hopes to return next semester to teach part-time.  Pray to goodness that SFSU knows what a living treasure he is!
5.0 : Dr. Ara comes off kinda catty at first. She's tough, and kind of icy on first impression. But if you stick around you'll find a true, tough Persian intellectual who will fight for every student she has. She's highly intelligent, cultured, and values education. Passionate about the Persian program she created at State, and SFSU doesn't deserve her.
4.0 : She is the epitome of a traditional persian woman. She means business but man does she care about her students. She's intimidating as hell but she loves to see her students succeed. Try your best, SHOW UP and do your work and you got yourself an A. Mid-term and final are open book/open note so if you did your work throughout the semester your good.
5.0 : Dr. Ara is a gem! I took two of her classes to gain a better understanding of my own culture and her knowledge is unbelievable! She makes you question your own thoughts. She also truly cares for all her students. Just a presentation, midterm, and final for PRSN 260. Essay after each film in PRSN 550. Her workload is fair. Worth your time!
5.0 : After my second semester taking her courses I decided to pursue a Minor  Persian Studies. Thanks to the efforts of Dr Ara, SFSU is one of the only colleges in the US that offers an undergraduate degree in Persian/Near East studies. Take her courses seriously, and be aware that it's a privilege to study with such a brilliant mind.
5.0 : Dr. Ara is amazing she really knows her stuff. I have never met a professor with so much passion and knowledge for Persian studies. She can come off a little intimidating at first but, she really cares about her students and seeing that you take an interest in her classes will def earn you some brownie points. Attendance for her is your way to an A
5.0 : Dr. Ara is the absolute best teacher I have ever had in my entire life. She is genuinely passionate about the material, extremely knowledgeable and really does want the best for all of her students. Her dedication to teaching is unlike any other. She creates a welcoming environment that stimulates thoughts and intellectual conversation. THE BEST!!!
5.0 : Introduction to Persian Literature: 4 books assigned can buy all 4  $60. Keep these these books, they're something else that will be hard to find in the future. She really makes you think.  2 short papers about 2-3 pages nothing serious show your understanding and you'll be fine.  SHE IS AMAZING, HARVARD QUALITY. Our school does not deserve her!!
4.5 : There are few professors at this university I respect the way I respect Dr. Ara. She's brilliant, passionate, dedicated (and super hot.) She may come off as severe at first, but as long as you try she will work with you to get you the grade you need, and to make sure you LEARN what you need to. If you're serious about Persian, take her - right now.
5.0 : One of the best philosophy teacher you will ever have
3.0 : Good guy, probably a decent chemist. Glacially slow class. Super duper slow. It is watching paint dry in class form. Easy as a science class could ever possibly be and still get college credit, and this is gen chem II. If you can't muddle your way through this and get a B, consider an art degree. DON'T take this class if you are a serious scientist
5.0 : smokin hawt. i want to give him my chilli pepper for sure,
5.0 : Best Teacher in the department. MUST ATTEND LECTURE because his test are based off of the concepts/ calculation examples covered during class. Explians things carefully and answers all questions, so much that we didn't cover the intire syllabus. HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIM!!
5.0 : His pace is slow and kindergarden level but it's useful to those who are dumb and don't know anything about chemistry. Overall his exams are fair. The thing that gets me is his homework they're major hard -_-
4.5 : One of the best instructors I've had. He's very clear about concepts. Plus he's got a great sense of humor.
4.5 : Mike notsosmall ;) Overall, he is a great teacher, funny guy, and a lovable person. His lectures are long, but interesting if you love Chemistry. Go to class, read lecture notes, study as much as you can, and use your lab instructor to your advantage. The tests can be tricky and hard, but review a lot, you will be solid.
3.0 : He goes through things step by step, which is good but also a little boring. Nice guy, tough grader. In exams, a small mistake can cost you a whole lot of points. So pay attention to the small details!
5.0 : Mike is the best physics teacher I've ever had! He is really patient and goes slow so that no student is left behind. I'm still applying the concepts I learned in his class to other bio classes!
3.0 : He will go above and beyond in office hours for people that need help. He's very hard to get a hold of, rarely responding to emails or phone calls. In his defense, he was an amazing lecturer. He is very clear and does a good job explaining things; however, details are important as someone else mentioned small mistakes change your grade. B+ for prof
1.0 : Worse teacher I've ever had! Not a teacher who is also a student learning from his pupils. Cancels office hours a lot, doesn't sync his class with the lab section, his "helping" method satisfies only his definition of how learning takes place. Doesn't allow you to have the tests back or allow  note taking during your test review in office hours.
5.0 : Mike has a true talent for teaching!  He seems really in-tune with what it's like to be a student that is new to the subject, and therefore how to best explain the material to them (rare quality for science professors!).  His lectures often feel like great story-telling, and he provides really clear lecture notes.
1.0 : He is not a helpful teacher, disregard about your problems.
4.0 : Mike Small is a really good professor! His lectures are absolutely amazing. Only thing I hated were the discussion sections, but he wasn't even teaching those. You don't HAVE to go to every lecture, but it is recommended. There are 4 tests including the final, so do well on them. All in all a GREAT professor!
5.0 : Mike is a great teacher. he really cares about his students and often stays until after dark for office hours.
4.0 : His lectures are really slow; they're good for people who don't know an ounce of chemistry, but if you have taken chemistry before, you probably won't be motivated to go to class. Mike is a good professor and he will be there if you have questions- you just need to go to his office hours.
4.0 : Prof McDaniel does his job. 4 papers total, two midterm papers and two final papers. Lectures aren't really needed to pass the class-if you've taken AP Gov in high school it is basically that. Loads of extra credit, can bring you up substantially and online quizzes are very easy.
3.0 : He's a really cool guy! It was a big lecture so attendance isn't necessarily mandatory however I recommend it if you want to solidify what you read in the book. Weekly reading quizzes. Not hard if you do them with a group. Midterm and Final were both 2 take-home essays.  Definitely do the readings and you'll be fine!
4.0 : Professor McDaniel's PLSI 200 class is honestly an easy A. Mondays and Tuesdays are lecture classes and Fridays are discussion but only Friday is mandatory. Each week you have a quiz on the reading( but answers can be found online). He offers a ton of extra credit you do on your own time.
4.0 : Took the class in Fall 2014. Easy class overall, just go to class take notes and you should pass. There were weekly quizzes online which were timed but you were able to find the answers online. The midterm and final are both essays in which he gives you the prompts in advance, just make sure you show up to the TA sessions on friday for attendance.
3.5 : Very smart and funny guy, but can be a little condescending in the lectures. Weekly discussion sessions with a TA is mandatory, but also helpful and interesting. Weekly textbook quizzes are enoying, but will help you get a good grade. The 2 take home exams are pretty cool, and not too hard to get a good grade on.
4.0 : McDaniel is a good teacher, but he can be an ass. He has his sassy days but his awkward behavior in class ensures a few good laughs. He really cares to know who understands the material and who is completely lost. MidtermFinal practice exams save your life for the real things. Labs suck but he's pretty lenient about turning it in a little late.
4.5 : Professor McDaniel is an excellent professor. His energy makes (what I feel to be) a dull subject interesting, and his quips of dry humor make it easy to give him your attention. He is very clear about what he expects from students. There were weekly quizzes online, so keeping up with reading is mandatory, but it's a simple enough class to pass. (:
5.0 : McDaniel is very knowledgable about urban politics/voting behavior, making it easy for him to teach the course; you learn a lot about voting behavior &amp; campaigns. Second half of the semester is a campaign simulation, which is quite interesting and rewarding! Reading quizzes on iLearn, 2 papers per midterm/final. Recommend! you'll love him.
5.0 : took the 603604 internship class with him. you find your own internship about 12 hours a week and you meet in mcdaniels class every 2 weeks. he assigns papers which arent hard if you ask your internship supervisor. easy A. just show up and do papers and your internship. great professor. take this internship class its class credit you get units! :)
5.0 : took the 603604 internship class with him. you find your own internship about 12 hours a week and you meet in mcdaniels class every 2 weeks! he assigns papers which arent hard if you ask your internship supervisor. easy A. just show up and do papers and your internship. great professor. take this internship class its class credit you get units! :)
5.0 : Makes the course lectures very accessible. Very responsive if you need help by email. You have essay questions for the midterm and final, so if you take notes from the videos/read textbook, it will make the test very easy.  Quizzes are pretty straightforward with both lectures and videos and lots of extra credit to be earned. Great professor!
5.0 : Jason's online class is really straightforward and easy to follow. I learned a lot about  American politics and government. Keep up with the lectures, book, quizzes, and take notes so it will help for the tests. He's also very helpful and responsive by email if you need help with anything. I highly recommend taking him.
4.0 : I was part of large class, so there wasn't a bunch of one on one contact, but all the same he inspired me to become more educated about politics and world events. Extra credit is always available, making my first semester less stressful. Not a super easy class, so at least read summaries of the classes
4.0 : Great teacher. Great personality. Easy class i recommend taking it.
4.0 : PLSI200 with McDaniel is a decent course all in all. Going to lectures is helpful but you don't have to worry about missing as long as you go to the discussion group. Quizzes are easy, didn't need the textbook (although it was useful for the papers). Worst part is 2 midterm papers and 2 final papers (a lot for a lower division GE, imo).
5.0 : Graded on the midterm, the final, and the quizzes. Going to the lectures isn't mandatory but going to the discussion section is. His power points aren't online so make sure to take notes. There's lots of extra credit but it isn't worth much so make sure you know what you're doing before going into the final and the midterm.
4.0 : Easy class. Just sit there and take notes and do your weekly quizzes and you should pass. His midterm and final are essays and he gives you a long time to do them. Nice guy. Really passionate about  politics. I learned lots and thought it was an easy class.
3.0 : PSLI 200 was pretty easy, weekly quizzes, midterm and final which are essays and friday discussion sections in which they do take attendance and it counts towards your grade. Other than that, he is very passionate about politics and the course is easy.
4.0 : Makes his class fun and enjoyable
5.0 : He makes his lectures super interesting. Highly recommend this teacher. Its worth it going to class you learn so much. Not boring at all and not a hard class.
5.0 : Bowman was an all around great teacher. He had not midterms or finals and his class was easy as long as you did the homework. Not to mention I found him funny and quite insightful as well. So if you want a teacher that makes it easy for you to get a good grade and have some fun with him at the same time than Bowman is your man.
3.0 : Energetic and witty. Won't help you become a better at English. He constantly makes you read &amp; write papers. There is no actual concept of when he assigns these papers. No exams, finals, mid-term. Be ready to re-WRITE/WRITE an English portfolio at the end of the semester. You need a book. Classes were usually short.
5.0 : Graham is absolutely Amazing! I had him for both English 114 and 214. He is hilarious and creates personal connections with his students. He is challenging and has drastically altered the way I write because of his amazing feedback and understand. LOVE LOVE LOVE HIM!
3.0 : Great Professor very witty and funny. participation is worth 20% of the grade so take advantage of it.
4.5 : Graham was  THE BEST. I'm seriously going to miss this guy. Awesome teaching style, absolutely hilarious, I looked forward to going to his class... and that's saying something coming from me.  Take Take Take if you have   the chance to. You won't be sorry. (he likes people that talkparticipate)
5.0 : He is hilarious but I think he messes around too much in class. There weren't too many papers the usual was 6 papers. There were two books we read in class and then a portfolio towards the end. Overall he is a super easy teacher take him if you want a super easy teacher
5.0 : Attendance is mandatory and being engaged and in class while discussing the books you will be reading is very helpful in writing your essay's. He will go into detail and answer questions completely if you ask. Make sure you write it down or jot down things he says in during class as it will also help with essay's. Would take again if I could!
4.5 : Loved his class. felt bad when i missed. very interactive with students. just do the writing and try and you can pass. great feed back. 10/10 would recommend, would take again
3.5 : Nice and funny but a tough grader, no matter how hard I tried I could not get an A on his assignments. Doesng give much homework but when he does, he grades difficult. But he's nice and there to help. He tends to talk a lot and get off topic
5.0 : She's amazing, one of the best professors i've had the honor of having. Unfortunately this was her last semester blessing the MGMT department at SFSU. This class+professor was a breath of fresh air. Very insightful and learned a lot through her teaching style.
5.0 : Dr. TK is a very nice teacher, reasonable and understanding. I love her teaching style, easy and fun. You can really learn something from her class. Not that much HWs and projects, easy to get a better grade.
4.5 : Take for Credit or No Credit. It is easy to get Credit.
3.5 : You do not need to go to class to get a good grade. He post all the lectures and powerpoints on ilearn after class. In person, he is very funny and makes class interesting with personal stories. He is very clear about the concepts. He repeats them, and makes sure we understand it.
4.5 : Just checked my grade "A-". You do not need to read everything. Just wait for the essay question and read to write it. I got 0s on all the quizzes, but I did the extra credit to make up for that. Easy grader. Pretty easy A. He's very organized, and repeats the core concepts over and over. This class was at 8 am, which is why I missed so many. ;-)
5.0 : Dr. Lee is the reason why I'm in graduate school. He is a true mentor and dedicated to me as a student and professional. He ROCKS! I hope to be able to do the same for others when I'm a professor myself.
4.5 : Just checked my final grade and I got CREDIT!!! Did all the assignments, read the book for the quizzes, and got CREDIT easily. Class is organized and clear. No surprises.
3.0 : He is a hard grader. I ended up with a B. I should've done some of the extra credit.
5.0 : Dr. Lee is an ace.
4.0 : I hate history but after taking his course, i really enjoyed his class and enjoyed being in school. sometimes. He shares his personal life and shares stories and tries his best to make the class interesting. Definitely recommend you to take this course. Pretty hard but worth it because you will learn something after leaving his class.
5.0 : Took this class to fulfill upper division GE. It is 100% online. You will have to work for your grade. He's a fair grader. I recommend you do your major assignments early and get him to review it. He's happy to help and was always nice to me during office hours. Must do the readings to pass.
3.5 : I'm a transfer student and I took this because I'm Khmer. The textbook was written by Lee and very helpful. I learned a lot about my own history, culture and myself. The assignments are fun and not hard, but does require time and including readings to show you know the materials. He likes to see original thought and does not mark down if you do it.
5.0 : He's the funniest professor... makes class fun and interesting.
4.5 : Took this for segment 3 GE. 2 essays, 1 research paper. He showed  lots of movie in this class.
5.0 : If you want a good grade you must read. He test on the readings and wants to see you quote the readings the essays. Do the extra credit. It is the only reason why I ended up with a A- in the class.
5.0 : Highly recommend. No in class exams, just take home essays and a final research paper. Lectures are discussion based. Must go to lecture to do well on essay.
4.5 : I was able to pass this class because he's soooooo nice. I turned in all my essays late because of family issues and work, but he was understanding about it. He was also very encouraging and friendly when I asked for extensions. I was not the perfect students, but he was super kind. Thank you Dr. Lee.
4.5 : too much work for a g.e.
4.5 : G.E. should be easier than this. Too much work.
5.0 : I took only online classes this semester so I can work. This was the best of the three. It was the most organized, and the professor sent tons of emails to remind us of due dates.
5.0 : Enrolled in this class for winter session to complete my US history gen ed requirement. 10 multiple choice quizzes, 1 multiple choice paper, and one site visit report. Need 280 for credit, and easy to achieve. Glad I took this class. Design is clear. Instructor seems friendly when I emailed him.
3.5 : Took this class during accelerated 4 week winter session. It was great. 4 short essays and 1 historical novel report. All essays require analysis using racialization theory, so make sure you learn it. Grading is super fast.
5.0 : I took this class during winter session. I learned a lot, and the class was setup with a lot of videos, not just PowerPoint slides.
4.5 : Allows for redos, doubles scores with higher scores, and relax about late work. Nice professor overall. Online class is well designed. Recommend.
5.0 : Excellent online class. Assignments were fun and discussions were thought provoking. I found them useful.
5.0 : Just completed this course in Winter Session and got an easy pass. He will pass you if you can pass the final exam!
5.0 : Just checked my grade and I got an A-. Do the readings and cite them in your essays. Straight forward and very fair.
5.0 : Very organized online course. Great materials, and fair on grading. Fast also. Recommend, but take for Credit or No Credit. Not easy to get an A, but easy to pass if you do the work.
3.0 : for a GE, it's too much work. has extra credit but difficult to obtain.(paraphrasing a min of 15 chapters from a book which he left 2 copies at the library for 200+ students to "fight for" or buy the book) "forced"to buy his textbook which we barely touched till the end of semester. jokes? a tad dry but laughable
5.0 : Took this class during Winter Session and it was pretty straightforward and easy. It is very organized for an online class, but than most classes I have taken. 4 essays to write, plus some extra credit opportunity, so pretty easy for an A. Just read, do your work, and watch the videos. All the information is in the videos. Must read!
4.5 : Strict on grading, but also pretty fair. Allows for redos and will double grade if you improve. Extra credits are easy, mostly wants us to attend events in community and write about it.
5.0 : Highly recommended. My first online class and it was awesome.
5.0 : I worked very hard in this class, but learned so much. I will never look at the color of my skin the same way again. Great class and Great professor.
4.5 : This is the best history class I have taken. It is how history should be taught!
1.0 : HARD grader, A LOT of work, TOO much for a GE, horrible horrible horrible online class WORST ever, TOO much reading. NEVER happy with student's online posts, BORING videos, well organized, made me NEVER want to take another AAS class. NOT helpful. DO NOT TAKE!
1.0 : Treats students like they're dumb, and has a lot of attitude. I looked forward to learning about AAS but this class just ruined the experience for me. Avoid if possible.
2.5 : Take this class for credit/no credit if you can. He's really strict on what he wants and if you don't comply to even the most simplest thing, you will be dropped or given a 0. There's multiple LONG readings and a quiz every week. Also an individual field trip to a Sacred Site report, 10 Journal Articles due at end of semester.
5.0 : I think he's great. Very organized online class. Materials are clear, and easy to follow. So far, it is great and fits my schedule. I don't think he's hard. I think he's fair. He will double our second essay score if we improve, which replaces the first essay. That's awesome. Oh... and he assigns a lot of extra credit.
5.0 : I took this class during winter session this year for Credit or No Credit and easily got CREDIT. I think Dr. Lee pumped up my score to give me credit because I had a D+ totaled, and you need a C- for a Credit grade. Thanks Dr. Lee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5.0 : Anyone who complains that Lee is hard must be stupid. He's so easy. I don't even read until he gives us the essay questions. If you go to class, you learn enough to do well on the essays. Only three essays and a research paper. Not hard unless you're stupid. No one should fair this class. I recommend Lee. There's only one book, that is very easy.
2.5 : Take this class if you like or want to, just NOT with him. The topics in class are easy, but if your writing style, logic or point of view does not match up with his " PHD/Higher learning" point of view, good luck getting above C grade for assignments. 2 page space to argue 10 individual points of 2 different topics + 3rd built in prompt.
5.0 : I dropped this class recently because I was overwhelmed by work and school. I talked with Mr. Lee and he was very understanding. We tried to work things out so I would not drop, but after trying, I decided I should before the deadline. He was very kind towards me and did approve my drop petition. I will sign up for this class again next Fall.
1.5 : Do NOT take this class if you have any other classes going on at the same time. He expects you to read 50+ pages in like two days and you have to because there's quizzes and forum posts. You have three essays, a paraphrasing assignment, and a research paper. He expects you to understand material right off the bat and it's his way or the highway.
1.0 : Love the topics but he can be  unnecessarily mean and condescending without meaning to. Take only as last resort.
5.0 : I think he really cares about us learning the material. He grades on improvement and will replace low scores with higher scores on the essays. He's the only professor I know who does this. The readings are easy, the essays are only 1-2 pages, and the paraphrase and research paper is 8-10. He assigned a lot of extra credit. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Took his class last Fall 2013. I am a Chinese student, and this class was Chinese American identity. He covered a lot of theories, but made it very easy. He is a nice teacher, and very funny. If I get  a chance, I will take a class from him again.
5.0 : Dr. Lee is a great instructor. I'm not sure why other students complain about him so much. Maybe since history is my favorite this class seemed very easy. He lets you know ahead of time what the question are, so you have plenty of time to prepare yourself for the essays. I would highly recommend him.
5.0 : 5 essays; not a bad course or professor. Definitely a lot of work but quite a rewarding experience. You'll learn a lot. Just do the work and put a lot of effort into everything, and you'll do fine.
5.0 : Took this for G.E. in Fall 2013. Uses funny and relevant examples. Also presents info in interesting and clear way. Show up to take notes because he does he discussion base lectures. Great Professor who loves to help explain anything that students are lost on.
5.0 : Great teacher! He loves to teach and wants everyone to succeed. Goes over concepts until everyone understands. Really great teacher, but its not an easy class. You can get an A if you study his power points and listen every day in class. Highly recommend this professor! You will learn so much from him!
4.5 : He's the only professor I have had at State who gives us time off when we have midterms. He's also giving us time to do our final project. This is really helpful and shows that he doesn't think his class is the only class we have. I think he is very considerate. The few negative reviews must be students who got bad grades. Just do your work.
5.0 : Took this class in Fall 2013. I did not do well on my oral history, and he allowed me to redo it over winter break. In the end, I ended up with a B+. I think this speaks to the kind of person he is. I recommend his class. Do you work, put in effort, and you should do well.
4.0 : I read ALL the course materials &amp; watched the lectures &amp; was never able to
 get above a C on my essays. It is hard to cram that much info into 1-2 pages, so I felt like the grading was very difficult. Still I believe I learned a lot even if my essay grades were not a reflection of the amount of work I put into the class.
5.0 : The instructor had a passion for this course. He always referred back to the overall theme of the course and the central idea of it. He wanted every person to clearly understand the goal of his teachings. He also offered plenty of opportunities to increase our grades.
5.0 : I took this in Winter session. His feedback was timely and he was on top of sending out information about the course. He supplied the class with many resources of information for all of his assignments.
5.0 : A lot of work but easy.
4.5 : Things I liked about this guy:1. He is an engaging instructor and is funny. 2. He responds quickly to emails. 3. he did a good job outlining course objectives. 4. Gives a lot of chances for bettering grade.
5.0 : Dr. Lee is very engaging, questioning, relatable, know subjects well. He opens the door for us to realize what really is the problem with race and inequality. Allow us to accept who we are and how to deal with the cultural differences we face in this society. Very funny but serious about the well-beings and understanding of students.
5.0 : he made this class very easy for people to pass. he is very passionate about what he taught and thats
 why i liked this class. he had everything outlined on learn which was really easy for people to use and
 as long as you followed the outlines it was hard to not do well in the class.
4.0 : I agree with those who say he's easy. I think he's super easy. I never read, just went to lecture, watched the videos on iLearn and took good notes. The essays are not hard. If you go to lecture, you should have no problems passing. I easily got an A. It's a plus that he gives engaging lectures.
5.0 : The instructor taught me a lot and his idea of what a class should be is to learn, valuing the knowledge we take out of the class than memorizing materials. he is very funny because he is himself around us. He is real and upfront about situations. Also, he gives us a lot of opportunities to improve our grade.
4.0 : I took this last summer and it was an easy pass. Take it for Credit.
5.0 : I took AAS 210 as an online class because I work full time. It is designed very well. He replies to email very fast. He makes sure we learn and encourages us to do better by double or tripling our grade if we improve. Overall, highly recommend this course. You will have to do your work.
4.5 : You will have to work, but will learn a lot.
5.0 : I took AAS 210 during winter session. It was only 3 weeks long. We had 5 1-2 pages essays. The lectures and videos are key to writing the essays. Overall, a pretty straight forward pass. There is also extra credit, which helped. I recommend if you need a class that is easy to pass. Just do the work.
5.0 : Taking this online because I work full time. His class is designed very clearly. The assignments are straight forward. You must watch all the videos on iLearn and do the reading to do well. You can't b.s. your essays. The extra credit helps also. I had to go see him once, and he was a nice guy. I recommend if you need an organized online class.
4.5 : I failed this because I did  not buy the textbook. He does not allow you to use the internet to write your essay. Only textbook and stuff from class.
5.0 : This was a fun class. He showed a lot of films, and the readings were interesting. The essays were pretty easy because. The research paper must be about Chinese American identity.
5.0 : Took this class for my US history requirement. The book is written by the professor, and the class is very organized. Weekly quizzes, and discussions are required. 3 essays that are graded very fairly. If you do not do well on 1 but do better on 2, he will double the score. Same with 3 if you improve, he uses the highest improved score. g8 class.
5.0 : Took this online class also w Prof. Lee. I work fulltime, so I try to take as many online classes as possible. This class is organized, &amp; he's very clear with instructions. Weekly quizzes &amp; discussions &amp; three assignments: journal, site visit, &amp; research paper. Do them early &amp; have him review for comments. I got 100100 by doing so
4.0 : I've been meaning to rate this class and Dr. Lee. I took AAS 210 during Winter Session 2015 online. It was five weeks long, but this was the best online designed class I have taken. 3 short essays, extra credit, historical book report, and historical site visit report. There are a few quizzes each week, moves fast, and Dr. Lee is very responsive.
3.0 : Reading and watching his lectures are mandatory. He offers a lot of extra credit, but it always involved spending money so I wasn't able to do much of it. He is a SUPER tough grader and his grading is often inconsistent with his rubric. That made it difficult to understand what he was looking for. Overall I would NEVER take his class again.
4.0 : Take this class for CNC. It is a lot of busy work, so if you want an A, you will really have to work for it. However, if you just want to pass, it is easy to. Get the book, read, and watch the online videos. Assignments are not too hard. 2 page essays, and quizzes and final. Pretty easy to pass.
5.0 : I have taken two online classes with Lee and he's the BEST. The classes are very organized and clear. Nothing is a surprise. If you put in your work, you will do well. If you have problems, go to him early. He will help. He's always been understanding with me, though, I hear others complain. His lecture videos are very short, but important.
5.0 : Just checked my grade and I got an A. Be ready to work for a good grade. Overall, pretty straightforward assignments. Weekly quizzes on readings, and online discussions are required. The class is very organized and the video lectures are short. The readings are short also, you MUST read in order to do well. I think he's a fair grader. Recommend.
5.0 : This class was awesome. Do your work and show that you are learning the theory of racialization and you will get an A. He graded my final essay like an hour after I submitted it today and I got a 95, so he changed my other two essays to 95! This is awesome. I got an A. Do not take if you are not willing to work.
5.0 : I'm a graduating senior and this is the only class at SFSU where the prof will change your grade if you improve. I got 100 on my last essay and he tripled that score and threw-out the other lower scores. He totally cares about us learning the materials. This is a great way to end my time at SFSU.
5.0 : A very interesting class that made open my eyes to a new world of understanding. He gave feedback and ensured the success of all your students. He's an incredible individual and I will not forget this class.
5.0 : I just checked my final grade and I got an A. I thought I was going to get a C, but he tripled our last essay if we improved. There were a lot of extra credit as well. He's awesome. This was a great class. For sure a lot of work, but I learned so much. He's fair if you put in effort and do the work.
5.0 : I took this class as Credit No Credit and I did not have to write the final essay because I already had a C- grade. Prof. Lee even sent out an email to tell us we didn't have to submit the last essay if we are taking the class Credit or No Credit. I jumped for joy when I realized I didn't have to do the last essay.
4.0 : Like others have said, it is a ton of work. It is mostly writing and reading. The material is interesting. You need to attend class or watch the lectures on iLearn in order to do well on the essay exams.
5.0 : This class was Hyflex, meaning you can take it online or go to class. I don't like history, and he made it interesting, which made it somewhat fun to attend class. It is all discussion base. I recommend you take it Credit or No Credit because I did not have to do the last final essay because my score was high enough for a Pass.
4.0 : I'm not complaining because I did all my work and got CREDIT. He was nice to me when I visited him during office hours. He's very funny in his lecture. The material is not difficult, but he requires that we think and not just memorize things. I think I like this approach very much. No inclass exam. No inclass anything really.
5.0 : Dr. Lee is my adviser and he is very caring and passionate about Asian American Studies. I like that he makes his classes challenging. He pushes us to be the best we can be and wants us to feel empowered and learn to trust ourselves and be leaders in our community. I have taken 3 classes with him, and have worked my ass off in all of them.
5.0 : This course is one of the best courses I have taken at SFSU. I'm graduating this Saturday, and I'm so glad I took this for my US history requirement instead of another. It was discussion based, and he did not want us to use recite materials. He wanted our thoughts on thinks and questioned us to asked questions. My view on race is forever changed.
5.0 : Attendance is not really mandatory becuz you can watch all the lectures on iLearn. It is a fair amount of work, but it is not hard. If you go to lecture or watch the videos on iLearn it will really help you write your essays. He also changes your essay grades if you improve. I went from C to B, &amp; to finally an A on my last essay, so all became A.
4.5 : Take it for Credit or No Credit. It is easy to get CREDIT if you do all your assignments and the extra credit. I got 69.8% and he gave me CREDIT!
5.0 : Lectures are easy to comprehend. In addition, every lecture is interrelated and is the essence of my understanding of the Vietnamese history.
5.0 : The professor made the course relatable to life and used life situations as a learning tool for students to understand better. He also made everything clear and very interesting
4.0 : He makes lectures funny, interesting, and relatable. He makes it easy for us to apply the history we learned to our present day. I find myself telling my friends and family what I learn in this class more than my other classes.
5.0 : This class is definitely very laid back in structure that still gets the point across about what he's teaching. I think that his style of teaching a class is exactly what every class should go by. It's a great format.
4.5 : I have nothing but good things to say about him and his teaching. AAS 210 was great. Easy pass if you are taking it for CN/NC. If you want an A or B, you will have to work for it.
5.0 : I went to office hours 3-4 times, and each time, he was very nice and helpful. I did my assignments early and emailed them to him and he reviewed them and gave me comments to improve. This class is organized and each week there is a quiz and discussion due by Sunday night. This is important for me since I work full time. Class is online. No meeting
4.0 : He wrote the textbook, so really knows his stuff. Best history class I have taken. It is online. There are short lectures to watch, readings are short, essays are short, and a final online examine. Materials for course if clearly organized. Be sure you learn racialization theory, all examines are based on this. Go to office hours, it helps. G8 prof
4.0 : He wrote the textbook, so really knows his stuff. Best history class I have taken. It is online. There are short lectures to watch, readings are short, essays are short, and a final online examine. Materials for course if clearly organized. Be sure you learn racialization theory, all examines are based on this. Go to office hours, it helps. G8 prof
4.0 : He wrote the textbook, so really knows his stuff. Best history class I have taken. It is online. There are short lectures to watch, readings are short, essays are short, and a final online examine. Materials for course if clearly organized. Be sure you learn racialization theory, all examines are based on this. Go to office hours, it helps. G8 prof
4.0 : He wrote the textbook, so really knows his stuff. Best history class I have taken. It is online. There are short lectures to watch, readings are short, essays are short, and a final online examine. Materials for course if clearly organized. Be sure you learn racialization theory, all examines are based on this. Go to office hours, it helps. G8 prof
5.0 : Prof. Lee rocks. I had 67% total, and he's rounding me up to 70% so I can pass. Nice man.
1.0 : AAS was extremely difficult for me. There were weekly readings with study guides. I believed that this online class would be fairly easy as it was my last GE. However, it proved to be one of the most labor intensive classes this semester. Do not take this class if you want an easy A.
5.0 : Do your oral history early and take it to him for him to review. He reviewed my oral history with me 3 times and was very helpful. I'm proud of it and my mom loves it because I wrote it about here. He wants historical contextualization which proves that you know Asian American history. Also, he holds a lot of office hours,so it is easy to see him.
4.5 : I did not go to class because it was at 8 am. I watched the lectures on iLearn. It seems the students who did go to class did not speak up much when he asked questions. He recommends taking this class for Credit, which I did, and I easily got it. I completed all my assignments, and got mostly 60-80% on them. He bumped me up by 2% at the end for CR.
3.0 : As an online history course, it is pretty easy to pass. Do the readings, the assignments, and some extra credit. He's not a super hard grader. Just follow instructions. Pretty generous in terms of helping us improve our score to pass.
4.5 : Dr. J is an easy going person. I respects students who will show up to class, participate and do their work on time. Not sure if I should share this, but I ended up with an A for the class, when my total on iLearn is a B-. That's the kind of guy he is. I recommend to anyone who wants to learn about race and racialization.
5.0 : I repeated this class with him. The first time I did not do the reading or go to class. This time, I did do the reading and did go to class and I ended up with a B+.
3.5 : I'm pre-nursing and I took this for Credit and glad I did because it allowed me to focus on my other classes. I did not buy the textbook and did not read. I based all my essays on his lecture. I passed!
3.0 : I took his online course. Horribly boring material. He does not lecture at all. You will have to learn from an expensive book he edited. Final project is up to you; typical research busy work. You won't learn anything new here, but if you need the credit, and if you're condiering his class you probably have no options left, go for it.
5.0 : He recommends you take the class for CREDIT or NO CREDIT. Do it, because you are not required to do the final project if you do, so it is easy to get CREDIT. I got 210 with quizzes, extra credit, and site visit, and did not have to do the journal and research paper. Follow instructions carefully. He's strict about them.
5.0 : Professor Lee pushed my final grade up to a solid B. My total was 76%, which should be a C. Thank you Professor Lee. You're awesome.
5.0 : You must read in order to do well on the weekly quizzes. There's a site visit to Vietnamese American place, 10 journal reflection. 10 page research paper. Overall, a lot of work, but he is willing to give extensions and redos if you ask. I was able to make up two quizzes. He'll read drafts as well, which helps. I got an A, 500/500 with extra credit
3.0 : It is an online class, which makes it hard to get to know the prof and to know other students, but I needed it to complete upper div GE. It is the usual stuff for an online class. Videos, lectures, discussions, quizzes, reports. I took 5 classes this semester, so opted to take this one for credit and got it with little effort. Sum up: recommend!
1.0 : It is worrying when a professor at a higher educational establishment does not possess simple grammar and spelling skills. These "shortcomings" may be the reason why the assignments riddled with grammatical errors, spelling mistakes and formatting inconsistencies were not corrected. And yet again, they received top grades.
1.5 : I can't recommend taking this Asian American studies class. Teacher not helpful.
5.0 : At the last minute, he gave me extra credit for watching Game of Thrones. I wrote a short one page essay on Hodor's name. Awesome. I wish more professors did this.
2.5 : I spend about an hour each week on this class. Readings are long, but you only need to read the introduction and conclusion to get the main ideas. His lectures are better because they have summaries. He let me watch Kung Fu Panda 1, 2, and 3 for extra credit. I aced this class with extra credit.
2.0 : I didn't really learn anything new from this class, but I did enjoy office hours with Dr. Lee. I got him coffee and a donut and we talked about Game of Thrones,  Gotham, and Grimm. I didn't have to submit the essays, but did do the quizzes. If you do not like TV, don't take his courses.
1.0 : Easiest class I have ever taken. I wrote my research paper on Veep and Asian American stereotypes. He told me to watch Seinfeld also and it is sick  funny. He'll give you extra extra credit if you ask him. I watched several documentaries for extra credit. This pumped me up to an A.
1.0 : I got perfect scores on all my assignments but no comments. I got an A, but would've liked getting some feedback. I don't think he graded them at all. Not sure how to feel about this. I like my grade, but I don't think he's doing his job. Or, maybe he has a TA and his TA is to blame for just skimming my work. Avoid if you want feedback, take for A.
5.0 : I put in a lot of time and effort into the class, like spending 10+ hours a week reading for the quiz, but I still did not do well. Nothing I did was good enough and he didn't care about my time or effort. The content is interesting and I did learn a lot, but my grade would suggest otherwise. Avoid if you don't want to work hard. He will break you.
3.5 : I took this class for my last US History G.E. requirement. It was not easy, but not hard either. The professor does a lot to make sure you pass. I recommend you take Pass or NO Pass.
1.0 : Just checked my grade and I got an A. I did nothing, learned nothing, read nothing, wrote nothing, got nothing out of the class, except an A. If you like this, then take his classes. I want another A, so I'm taking another class with this professor.
2.0 : My final grade should be a B- but with extra credit and a grade boost, I ended up with a solid A. This guy rocks and is very kind. He did this to help me with graduate school applications and scholarships. I'm glad I went to speak with him during office hours. As they say, "ask and you shall receive."
1.0 : I am a double major in English and AAS and I have taken 4 classes with this professor and have always received an A. Assignments are all the same. Do some work, show some interest in the subject, and you will get an A.
1.5 : A former Special Forces operative turned mercenary is subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with accelerated healing powers, adopting the alter ego Deadpool.
5.0 : I worked so hard in this class. I spent more time on the assignment for this class than other classes and got credit. I thought getting credit would be easier, but it was just as much work. If you take this class, be ready to read, write, take quizzes, and do research. Avoid if you want an easy. If you want to be challenged, this class is for you.
1.0 : I really loved this class and the professor. He's too kind and understanding and is a push over really.
5.0 : Because of this class, I can't really graduate. It sucks, and now I need to repeat it.
1.0 : I highly recommend this Asian American Studies class.
5.0 : The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.
5.0 : Quand tu veux construire un bateau, ne commence pas par rassembler du bois, couper des planches et distribuer du travail, mais reveille au sein des hommes le desir de la mer grande et large.
1.0 : Literally the BEST professor and class at this university, if not the world.
1.0 : Highly recommend for anyone who wants to learn.
5.0 : I have a deep-down belief that there are folks in the world who are good through and through, and others who came in mean and will go out mean. It's like coffee. Once it's roasted, it all looks brown. Until you pour hot water on it and see what comes out. Folks get into hot water, you see what comes out.
5.0 : The male criticism of an alleged workaholic female -- one who wants to become the president of the United States -- is less about dissecting the Hillary Clinton paradox than it is about suggesting that there's yet one more thing wrong with serious, ambitious women.
1.0 : If your English is not good, take this class. He will not grade you down for bad English. Easy A class. Not hard, just busy work. Only idiots would not get an A. Seriously. You know who you are. I've taken 3 classes with this dude and have gotten As in all of them. I'm not complaining.
1.0 : This professor is too good for SF State. He needs to go to a more prestigious university and teach better students. The students at SF State are mediocre at best. I highly recommend him... anywhere he teaches. SFSU is blessed to have him. He's a gem among many rotten apples.
1.0 : The reason why many are still troubled, still seeking, still making little forward progress is because they haven't yet come to the end of themselves. Give up already. Accept reality.
4.0 : Take this for CRedit or No Credit. It is pretty easy to get Credit. He's not a hard grader, and will change your lower scores for higher scores.
5.0 : He's my adviser and is a very kind person. His classes are not challenging, but so fair. He rewards those who are not slackers. It is so obvious if you are and come to class unprepared. He went out of his way to help me on my research paper, and gave me several extensions on assignments because I work full time and have a child. Thank you Dr. Lee.
1.0 : I learned so much about European history in this class... amazing. Best European history class I have taken.
1.0 : Instead of the research paper, I watched Angry Birds. Find out why the birds are so angry. When an island populated by happy, flightless birds is visited by mysterious green piggies, its up to three unlikely outcasts  Red, Chuck and Bomb  to figure out what the pigs are up to.
2.0 : This is the BEST class I have taken. It broke me, but even though I did not get an A, in my heart, I know I have one that he can't take away. I know what I learned.
1.0 : This is such an easy A class. A second grader would be able to get an A in this class. If  you can't, than you are not as smart as a second grader. Something to think about. #feelthebern #hillary #neverthrump.
5.0 : If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him/her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.
2.0 : We did this in class. Strength is the capacity to break a Hershey bar into four pieces with your bare hands - and then eat just one of the pieces.
1.0 : He will not tolerate rudeness.
5.0 : This is the worst class ever. Quizzes are easy, essays and reports are easy, and research paper is easy. Overall, so-so easy. I wish it was harder. I learned a lot though, but could've learned more. I would not recommend if you do not want an easy class. If you do, this one is for you.
5.0 : This was my last G.E. class. He recommends you take it for credit, so do it. He really wants you to pass. I did all the extra credit, got 80 points total. I did not have to do the last essay. I only read the takaki book, never watched the videos and never went to lecture. If he is teaching it, take it. do you work. no in class quiz or exams.
1.0 : I didn't like the class
4.0 : good
1.0 : If you are planning on taking this as a GE, don't. I thought it would be passable, but it is MUCH harder than he claims. It is 11 quizes, 1 Final, and 5 page paper. All are very hard to pass....
1.0 : Take Professor Jonathan Whooley's class. He is really good, funny and understanding. Steer clear Of Jonathan Lee's class unless you want a lot of homework and it will most likely result in a  bad grade.
4.5 : Took this in summer session and it is designed to be an easy pass so take it for CREDIT. I got credit and did not have to do the book report. There are 10 quizzes, and a final examine. Plus, extra credit!!! Recommend for GE. Recommend that you take for CREDIT. He designed it to be easy CREDIT. There's no option for CreditNo Credit. I got credit. 1
5.0 : Taking this as my last course before graduation for US history GE. There are 3 options, two are CreditNo Credit, and is recommended. Easy to get Credit. There are reading quizzes, online final, and book report. I skipped the book report because I got 280400 on my quizzes and final. Super easy to get credit. I recommend for anyone who needs GE.
4.0 : At first I was skeptical because his first quiz was hard, and it's a Monday-Friday format. It actually ended up being helpful, he emails you everyday and tells you what to work on  complete. A useful tip is to rent the EBOOK from the sfsu library (for free, it says 2 weeks but u can just rerent free again) and use KEYWORDS in book on quizzes
5.0 : Took AAS 210 in summer session. Prof. Lee was very nice and worked with us instead of against us. The assignments were fun. He replied to emails very quickly. We had one essay each week, and a few quizzes weekly for a 5 week session. I highly recommend.
4.5 : Took this class online this summer and passed it with CREDIT easily. We only had to do the quizzes for Credit grade, no papers, no final exam. Straight forward and easy... just read the textbook and watch the lecture videos on iLearn. He's fair!!! I recommend and would take him again.
3.0 : Weekly quizzes, a research paper &amp; sacred site visit/report due at the end of the semester. Weekly journal entries needed, but also due @ the end of the semester. Quizzes are tough, highest quiz grade as a 9/10 but that was only once. No lectures really, mostly videos/readings. Super tedious and time consuming, take at your own risk.
5.0 : This is my first online class and I liked it a lot. I allowed me to work and do my other course work because he is flexible and the class is designed to be completed at home. Overall, I recommend. There is a lot of reading and discussions....
5.0 : One of the best math teachers I've had. Class is so important, so I recommend going even though it isn't mandatory. He writes all the tests for Bus Calc 2 so you know that he will teach you only what you need to really know.
2.0 : Be prepared for a lot of work. Don't get much feedback throughout the semester. Instructions are not consistent. Out of 700 points, 600 you won't know/receive until the last week or later. 400 points based on a final assignment,  don't know what he expects in papers, no opportunity for improvement due to the fact that all assignments are due at end
5.0 : So far, I have gotten 100% on all the big assignments. I think he grades pretty easy. As long as you follow the instructions. Not too much comments though, but that is ok. The hardest part of the class are the weekly reading quizzes. There is not a lot of interaction with him because it is online, but he does reply to emails pretty quickly.
4.5 : Informative. Organized. Clear. Flexible. Easy grader. Recommended for students who want online classes.  Avoid in class b.s. take online.
4.5 : Informative. Organized. Clear. Flexible. Easy grader. Recommended for students who want online classes.  Avoid in class b.s. take online. Must have book and read for quizzes and assignments.
3.5 : This was my final semester at SFSU and I need to complete GE requirement, so took this online class. The instructor offers clear requirements on assignments, and plenty of time to get them done. I took it for CREDIT and got the score I needed for CREDIT without having to do the final project. Pretty sweet. Nice way to end at SFSU.
5.0 : Just check my final grade and I got Credit!!! Class is organized, and allows me to work on my own schedule and independently. One of the best online class I have taken at SFSU.
4.5 : Awesome professor, great class. This class saved my semester as I had a full time internship at a hospital for my last semester in the nursing program.
5.0 : There isn't really that much homework for this class. However, that means you really need to show up to class because the tests are based on the lectures and he grades you on attendance. There are two midterms and one final essay. Not that hard. That being said, David is one of my favorite professors here at state. I would take him again for sure!
4.0 : King is a good choice for non-philosophy majors because his class is very easy, but philosophy majors also seemed to enjoy him. I found his lectures to be a bit dull, however others found them to be interesting. There was very little homework and all his assignments were straightforward.  Overall, he's a nice guy and I would recommend him.
3.0 : No homework, 1 midterm, 1 final, 3 quizzes,1 Library Research Paper. I thought this class was the hardest class I ever took. Philosophy is already a though subject to learn but David did not help at all. He did a terrible job of teaching. I went to his office hours and yet I still didn't understand. Just better off taking someone else.
4.0 : First day of lecture he told us his class is the easiest phil110 class to take and it is 100% accurate. Really clear when teaching and was able to do well easily on the midterm. Although lecture after the first midterm is boring and seems useless his curriculum is still easy. Always offers help and is an easy A!
4.5 : David King made my experience with philosophy very easy. Although lectures are a little boring at times, he asks intriguing questions that really get you thinking. Gives very little homework, and gives 2 tests (he gives you the answers in advanced). Go to him with any questions! He's always happy to help. It was an easy A. I highly recommend!
4.0 : You don't do a lot in this class. Dave is very nice and doesn't call on students, so participation may only come from a few students in the class. You are graded on participation/attendance, 2 exams, and an essay. So if you do poorly on one of them, it can really affect your grade.
5.0 : I took his online winter session class and I'm not kidding when I say I actually looked forward to the assignments and tests. He chooses the most interesting things to talk about and really kept me engaged. Kind of makes me want to switch my major hahah
5.0 : Larry is the bees knees. He's the most engaging professor I've ever had. I'm a senior trying to get the hell out of here but I wish I could stay just to take his class all over again.
5.0 : He has dreamy blue eyes! His class is mainly lecture and films. The lectures are easy to follow and he keeps you engaged! Do the readings and take notes, and you'll pass easy. He is very in touch with our generation so we can connect with him easily and keeps the class interesting.
5.0 : Larry's the man, he's a really funny guy and wants everyone in his class to succeed. Participate in class every once and a while, do the readings and you'll be get an A easily.  His quizzes can be a little tricky so take good notes. But if there's anything you need clarity on he'll be there for you to help you out.
5.0 : Larry is my favorite professor I have ever had. He is funny, kind, and wants to see you pass. He lets you do as much extra credit as you want and his lectures were informative and interesting. He doesn't take attendance but if you don't show, you won't pass the quizzes. If you do the readings and take good notes in the class, you'll get an A.
5.0 : He is amazing. One of my favorite professors at SFSU. Gives lots of extra credit and is there to help you.
4.0 : Larry is a really good professor. The things he has taught this semester I've learn a lot from him. He's NEVER late to class; always on time. He's really funny!  He gives out A LOT OF READINGS!!!!!!!!!!! But overall Larry is a wonderful teacher, he cares about the students.
5.0 : Larry is great! he is so funny and nice. If you do miss class he will not tell you what you missed just because he is very lecture heavy and doesn't have enough time to tell you all the material. Any interesting topics that you have whether it's movies or what's going on in the world her will let you do extra credit.
4.0 : He is hilarious! His lectures are interesting so you won't fall asleep after 3 hours of listening (tuesday night class). We stay updated on current events and learn the real facts and not just hearsay from the media. We learned about the SF State riots, Alcatraz, immigration, politics, propaganda, and much more.
4.0 : The stretch class is a great class if you struggle with writing. Prof Fama gives detailed and amazing feedback for your papers. No final, you turn in a portfolio of 3 papers at the end of the semester. Class discussions and group work can be fun, &amp; she is also a funny teacher! Definitely recommend taking her
5.0 : The homework are easy. Sometimes I turn it in late, she never notice it. You can always ask for extension. The writing assignments can be revise many times until you got a grade that you like. Easy A!!!!
5.0 : Professor Park is a nice, understanding individual. Her lectures are interesting, easy grader, I personally had a tough time with her quizzes (but I know many ppl who did not). The group project is my main complaint, we do not get to choose our group members, which makes the group project a true pain. Other wise, would recommend.
5.0 : Wonderful professor! Interesting lectures, good feedback on papers, effective combination of assigned readings, lectures, class activities, films, guest speakers. No textbook but weekly readings are required. She is very knowledgeable and has lots of research experiences to share. I certainly recommend!
5.0 : Easily my favorite professor in college. Makes it easy to learn through his humor and is a really cool teacher. Definitely making public speaking a breeze!!
5.0 : BEST TEACHER EVER. she knows so much about communication and she teaches it in a way that's fun. the quizzes and the assignments are SUPER EASY. she's really nice and she always puts the students first. IF YOU'RE THINKING ABOUT TAKING THIS CLASS, TAKE IT AND THANK ME LATER
5.0 : prof hardy (now kienzle) was a great first professor to have. she truly cares about her students and loves to actually get to know them. impromptu speeches are the first speaking task you'll have, next an individual speech, followed by a group campaign speech. first part of class is mostly quizzes and one ethnography paper that is really easy!
5.0 : Mr. Hutton is one of the best instructors at San Francisco State.  In fact, compared to some of the actual "professors," he is heads and shoulders above the rest.  I always looked forward to his lectures.  He is inspirational, thought-provoking and an amazing human being. I wish he taught more classes. He is a credit to the Geography department!!
3.5 : 1 research paper + 1 midterm exam + 1 Final. They are all writing exams and no multiple choice question. Nice professor! Take him if you want to pass and get your credit!!
5.0 : Mr. Hutton is amazing. His world view is not only inspirational, but thought-provoking. He doesn't tolerate rudeness like kids texting during class, but he is one fantastic teacher. Take his class, he may be the best instructor in the entire department. He cares, he listens, he guides, he teaches. Mr. Hutton will open your eyes. The man rocks!!
5.0 : You must take this class
5.0 : A-MAZING teacher. This class is a MUST-TAKE for an easy GE class that also fulfills LLD. Literally got my mind blown every lecture and even though he does not take attendance, it is essential to go to class because of the stuff he says. Never boring&amp; he truly changed my perspective toward life. Would take this class over and over again if I had to.
4.5 : YOU WON'T FAIL !!!  I got PRETTY low grades on my essay and midterm but I ended up with a B-
5.0 : It's rare to feel inspired by an Instructor in today's studies. Today, we seem to just show up to class and soak in whatever and just go on with our days. Leaving one of Professor Huttons class makes you want to change how your life style to make sure this planet lasts. Bravo
5.0 : I'm right of center when it comes to economics, and even though this class was a critique of Capitalism (specifically Consumerism,) I loved it. We had a small group over winter session, which led to some great discussions from varied viewpoints. Dr. Hutton is a real gem. I had a great time, learned a lot, but I'm still a capitalist, sorry Doc! :-D
5.0 : Huia is amazing. Super passionate lecturer that really changed my life.He inspired me to switch to a geography major and I couldn't be happier now. I wish he taught more courses other than 600 and 107, alas he is just a lecturer and the department will not bring him on as a professor even though he is well qualified. Do take!
5.0 : Changed my life.. Most passionate professor I have ever met in my life. He truly is an amazing being, TAKE THIS CLASS.
5.0 : He is an amazing professor! Thought that I was just taking another geography class for GE, but then realized that this would be more than just geography. He changed a lot of my perspectives in my life. Wish I could take another class with him.
5.0 : ONE OF THE BEST! His lectures are very engaging, he has sense of humor and won't bore you at all. I am a Business major but I took this class and I loved it! He definitely opened my eyes to a lot of things in our environment, changed my perspective &amp; influenced me. The only class I'm always excited to go to! Take his class, you won't regret it! :)
5.0 : The best teacher I have ever had. This guy is amazing. He is so knowledgeable and every class was mind blowing. We need more teachers like him! No textbook either.
5.0 : Took this for a Seg 3 GE and it was the best decision I made at SFSU. Hutton is easily the most passionate professor I have ever had. I was always engaged in the lectures, which were incredibly eye opening and relevant. Class is straight forward, just do the work and you should be fine. Take this course; it's literally a life changer.
4.5 : You will learn many things in this class. Each class session blew my mind! Only a midterm, final, and two essay's for the total work of the class. He makes jokes almost every class and mainly uses powerpoint slides where you take notes.
5.0 : Hutton is the coolest dude on the (Geography) block. He is one of the most inspirational people that I've had the pleasure of learning from. He is a fantastic public speaker. I had him for a 3 hour lecture and it didn't feel long at all. His world view is refreshing and he has great ideas. TAKE HIS CLASS. Show up, think critically, receive A.
5.0 : This is a life changing class. Very easy. Huia is super passionate about this subject. Has a great sense of humor. When he says dont use your phone in class, dont use it! THIS IS A MUST TAKE CLASS!!!!!
5.0 : Amazing class!! Especially for those unaware of our current ecological crisis &amp; problems with our current system. Professor Hutton articulates perfectly and I hope to one days spread knowledge as effectively and fluent as him. Emotionally intelligent with a sense of humor, helps with the deep harsh reality of topics. THE CURTAINS ARE BEING OPENED!i
5.0 : Hutton is absolutely worth your time and your dollar. He's extremely clear about assignments, all of them, the midterm and the final. He gives out study guides and reminds you about assignments before they're due. It would be extremely hard to fail his class... and he makes it interesting. 3 hours on a Tuesday night - SO WORTH IT!
5.0 : I had the pleasure of having him this semester. This was my first Geography semester and he is the cat's meow. He is very clear and thought-provoking, passionate and really wants the material to sink in. Try not to be shy like I was. I highly recommend him because he genuinely cares, and is a respectable human being. We are lucky to have him!
3.5 : He is just amazing! Every student should take his course. He gives you inspirational perspectives of the world and philosophy. He is a page-turner. Every 3 weeks an essay is assigned but if your writing is ok, no big deal. *FYI an international student may have hard time listening his Queens English but you will get used to it.
5.0 : Easiest class I've ever taken in college. He was so helpful, philosophical, ethical, and inspirational. At first it was be hard to accept what he had to say, but if you open your mind, you will realize that he got a point. Best professor ever.
5.0 : Richard is a wonderful teacher... This class is designed for those who think, care and inspire... Want to know what life is all about? Then take this class.
4.0 : if you are someone who is critical about our societies current values, you will love the hell out of this class.
5.0 : Took Geo 600 this Summer. And can I say that Prof. Hutton is not only a PHENOMENAL and super inspiring professor but also a really down to earth great guy! I honestly wasn't sure what to expect with this class but I sincerely was sad to have the 5 weeks end so soon. He's funny as hell and lectures are super inspiring. I highly, highly recommend!!
5.0 : I've taken 4 classes with this Professor Hutton, and he has shown me many perspectives on Life. He is not for everyone, but if your willing to be open-minded and learn through his teachings, you will learn something. He is a genuinely nice-person once you get to know him.
5.0 : Professor Hutton is awesome! He really cares about what he does, and very excited to teach. He is always so charged up, and dives right in when he starts class. Very easy, and interesting class, even though it has nothing to do with my engineering major. For our summer session, we had 5 readings, and 2 written responses exams, very easy. Take him!
5.0 : this class is seg 3. His world view is not for the right wing thinkers. Its for people who wish change. he lectures on a variety of topics, population issues, global warming, pollution,,,etc. he, like me gets pissed when someone is playing on thier phones, laptops, so dont do it, because he will know. great suprising stuff about our planet.
4.0 : Very interesting and inspirational. I'm all for the environment and helping but every time I ended Hutton's class I wanted to go out and make a difference. HE is funny and approachable; will change the way you view things. There's a midterm, final, 4 readings, a fact sheet and participation. I highly recommend this class, you won't regret it.
4.5 : Honestly one of the best professors i had all semester. Its obvious that he is super passionate about the classes he teaches. He is very knowledgable about societal issues and super inspiring. I highly recommend taking any of his classes, you will not be disappointed!!
5.0 : I've taken 2 of his courses Geo 101 and Geo 600 before taking Geo 102. Professor Hutton incorporates Philosophy into his teachings, which make it an awesome learning experience. He is no push-over when it comes to technology i.e. cell phones, so TURN IT OFF. Want to learn about Life Itself? Take his class. Warning: He can be a handful!
5.0 : Professor Hutton has so much charisma and passion. Definitely not someone you'll ever forget... I honestly feel like a better person after taking his class. He explores societies norms and paints a clear picture illuminating how everything is relative. He brings up what it means to be "individuated" so often even you'll start saying it
5.0 : This class was a joy to take really enjoyed it a lot, there is a lot of things he talks about which are very interesting. The class isn't hard at all if you just show up you pretty much pass because he really pounds home the topics so when it comes to writing a paper is pretty easy. Same goes for his exams, so take this class and enjoy.
5.0 : This class is really interesting without being too much work. The class is mostly (thought-provoking) lectures, no attendance taken but sometimes there is classwork so it's best to show up. Only 5 short readings with  1 page responses, one project (not too hard), 2 in-class essay-based exams. Recommend for UD GE!
5.0 : He is an awesome professor and keeps the class stimulating.  He really provides another perspective of life and the worldviews we were taught growing up.  His class has given me a much greater understanding of the world and to look at the life differently.  I have a different outlook on nature, relationships and the importance of connections.
4.0 : There are 4 homework assignments, a midterm that is open note, a fact sheet project which is very easy and a final. Very inspiring and cool to talk to. I recommend this class just pay attention and take notes and you will be fine. Everything is outlined on the syllabus and he is a very passionate professor.
5.0 : I love this professor! I definitely recommend taking classes by him. He is so passionate about his subjects, and they're interesting subjects so it's not boring. No homework, we've taken one midterm and written one paper. You don't have to go to class but I find myself WANTING to attend the lectures. Strongly recommend for any subject he's teaching
5.0 : Hutton is an AMAZING teacher, absolute must take at SFSU. Most passionate lecturer and actually changes your perspective on a lot of things in life. He is funny and loves his job, doesn't give homework. Class is optional but I always went bc he was THAT amazing! Just don't text in class, which is easy considering how engaging he is!
4.5 : He is honestly the best professor I've ever had! He is hilarious and he's a very easy grader ! Makes other students &amp; I laugh. Just don't use your phone or do homework for any other class in there or he will seriously put you on the spot and maybe kick you out. Other than that would take his class over again!
5.0 : Hutton is my favorite professor at SFSU.  He lays out the entire semester in the syllabus; no surprises.  Also, no textbook.  He mixes traditional lecturing with multimedia and easy, small, in-class group work.  There are four easy reading assignments, a small fact sheet, two midterms (2 short essays each), and a final (2 short essays).  Take him.
4.5 : Taken him these past three semesters and every class had the same format: lecture, midterm paper, final paper. He grades on clarity and not word count. Willing to answer any questions you have. Great lecturer; his class is like attending TEDTalks. The best professor in this department, I learned a lot and his classes made me love philosophy again.
3.5 : This was probably my hardest, most interesting class. You must read the texts carefully, multiple times if necessary. The language is difficult, but if you put in the effort, its really not that complicated, it just sounds it. Attendance is mandatory. Montemayor is definitely passionate about this subject and it makes you look forward to class.
5.0 : graded on 2 papers and attendance. Not an easy A , but a class I would highly recommend if you're into philosophy. dude knows his stuff and keeps it entertaining, but prepare for your head to hurt trying understand some of the material even though he does a good job of dumbing it down.
5.0 : If you don't take her class then you're crazy.
5.0 : hands down best teacher i love him! :D    lol not that i ever show it im just chillin in class looking at my phone even though in the beginning of the semester he told us not to _ ehehe im bad at following rules :( he's funny and he makes the class easy... as in he could make calculus look like algebra as a comparison. highlyhighly recommended
5.0 : If the opportunity allows, take this professor. Very clear of what he expects from students as well as his syllabus. 3 exams and 1 final (not cumulative) Go to class and take notes on each slide of the powerpoints. The ppt is used directly when making exams. Memorize that  easy A. 10/10 Would take again.
5.0 : Really awesome professor! Really  wants his students to pass and approachable. Very straight forward  with assignments and exams. Made  3 hour once a week  class enjoyable as much as possible making the class fun and active. If you are reading this, debating to take his class, if i were you,  I wouldn't hesitate to take him.  He's that awesome!
5.0 : Dr. Boyd was very straightforward with what he expected from students. If you want an A, do the study guide very well, and memorize every point on it. All of the study guides are very straightforward, but the material can be a lot, so start a week before when he posts it. Would recommend him for any KIN class.
5.0 : Boyd is an outstanding professor as he made every class informative and entertaining. Boyd was also heavy on involving the class in participation. I highly recommend that you take one of Michael Boyd's classes!
5.0 : Take his class, and he is a silver fox!!!
5.0 : This is the best teacher ever! His class was not only clear to follow but Dr. Boyd is a super cool and funny professor. I'd HIGHLY recommend taking his class! I had his class at 8 am and never once felt like falling asleep , TAKE HIS CLASS ANY CLASS!!!
4.5 : Boyd is such a great professor. His lectures are always fun. You can tell that he loves teaching and interacting with students. There are 3 tests and a paper, that's the only grades you get for the semester. He is helpful when needed. Overall, loved him!
5.0 : I LOVE this class! His lectures are perfectly worded and structured for easy comprehension, and textbook isn't required since he uploads everything on iLearn. Be sure to KEEP UP WITH THE READINGS since his exams are heavily based on them rather than his lectures. He is a LIBERAL, but he always makes sure to provide BOTH sides of the story.
4.0 : 1 lecture every day of class, each 1 hour long. Assignments include reading articles/watch movies. Obviously because it's all online you don't have to do them but if you want to pass his class you got too. The only graded assignments are the 4 test he gives you throughout the semester so make sure you pass them!!
4.5 : This class had A VERY HEAVY READING LOAD. If you want an easy A, do not take Belkin, you really have to work for it. 3 midterms, one final, all online, no papers but like I said, A LOT A LOT OF READING. He's super opinionated but open to whatever it is you have to say. It was a cool online class though, he's very insightful. BEWARE OF THE READING!
4.5 : Was never interested in politics &amp; always thought it was boring but this class got me interested. A LOT of reading, some movies he makes you watch for homework &amp; hour long radio shows you listen to. Overall it was an interesting class &amp; I learned a lot, I'm glad I took it but it was a LOT of work. 4 multi-choice online exams. No textbook.
4.5 : This class is amazing and the professor really goes out of his way to make sure the students understand what is being said and encourages different opinions on the subject. There is reading for every class but all of the lecture slides and reading are posted to ilearn so theres no books to buy. Sometimes theres movies but theyre on netflix.
5.0 : Aaron Belkin is a wonderful genius. A liberal to his core, Belkin completely subverts the conventional American Politics class and dedicates his time to teaching you about the weaknesses of power structures and the failures of our political system. I would gladly take the class again, he is a treasure trove of knowledge. TAKE THIS CLASS! IT'S GREAT
4.0 : Suuuuper easy course all you have to do is show up every day and you're guaranteed an A! There is no textbook for this class, however there are plenty of readings and movies that you need to read and watch throughout the semester. Other than that, you will have a great time in this class!
3.5 : DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. There is reading every night (almost 20 pages) and it's really hard to get an A
4.5 : I took Belkin in a 200+ student lecture class and it was so easy. He didn't take attendance one time in the entire semester so its not mandatory, he assigns a lot of reading for homework and watching movies, I didn't read one of the assigned readings and got B's in all his tests. Super easy class, take him if you're not planning on doing alot.
3.0 : There were only a couple tests online which were the only things contributing to the grade. There was a lot of reading, &amp; the online lecture was his MWF lecture video, so it was long... I never read, hardly watched the lectures, &amp; completely missed &amp; entire test but I ended with a solid C, so it wasn't a very difficult class.
3.0 : GENIOUS! Learned a lot taking this class. the lengthy readings every night is worth reading. Work hard and stay focus! DONT BE LAZY AND EXPECT THE A TO COME FALLING TO YOU because IT WON'T!
4.0 : Belkin is really nice and funny. His lectures manage to be entertaining and topical. Even though I was in a class with of about 300, he replied to emails quickly. Always invited students to lunch after class. 2-3 online tests that are a little challenging but you can find the answers. I would take Belkin again and I recommend him to anyone!
3.0 : Prof Belkin gives a lot AND long readings. His online course is a recording of his T/TH classes so there were two videos up each week, 1hr15m vids. His online midterm was 45 mins and was only opened at his convenience (24 hours). Online courses should be at the student's convenience, but in this case, it was super inconvenient.
2.0 : 3 exams only with less than 30 questions in each. You mess up a couple questions, say goodbye to your grade. The exams ask specific questions that you will surely not remember the answer from the amount of lecture and reading. I would rather have my grade depended on more questions than a single question that could be a worth of 2-3%.
1.0 : No graded assignments, only exams. LOTS of reading. Lectures are long. Exams are unfair. You'd think the exams are important concepts based off his lectures - wrong. The exams are based off opinions of the writers/authors from the readings - how is that even important to the lectures given? If take, take it CR/NC option - I regret not doing that.
5.0 : Professor Belkin is one of the most incredible professors I've had at SFSU. His lectures are incredible, he even inspired me to get more involved in politics. Class has three exams, all of which seem to be curved. Assigns a lot of reading, but if you skip a few, then you'll be fine.
1.0 : This class was a flop. Exams are tough once you answer a question you are unable to go back to review or change it. The final is the same time limit as the other test but with more questions. I would not recommend taking this class again due to the lecture heavy videos and complex testing structure.
5.0 : Professor Belkin is extremely professional.  He is clear on what his personal views are and welcoming of your right to not share those views.  He keeps constructive focus throughout each class lecture.  He allows for sharing but ensures it doesn't turn into a class of everyone yelling irrationally.  Great instructor!  Wonderful material covered!
3.0 : all the classes are the same thing, just applied to a different sport/community.  Attendance matters.  The objectives of the class were very bias and sometimes hard to sit through especially since they only offer once a week options.  Always double check due dates, they tend the change.... don't expect to be able to argue your points with him
4.0 : Caring professor built deadlines are confusing and all over the place. Lectures are boring but he is fair and cares about his students. I sent him emails confirming deadlines almost every assignment. Meet deadlines, participate in class, go to class and you will walk out with a B with little effort or A with effort
4.0 : Readings every week, class discussions, couple projects and a research paper. Class assignments/hw were not death but were definitely time consuming. Keep up with the weekly assignments and follow the clear grading criteria listed for the papers and projects and you will do fine. Participation matters! Do not be late to class!
5.0 : Postel is without a doubt one of the best profs at SFSU. He really wants his students to succeed and is always available to help with papers and concepts. Class material is interesting and thought provoking. Overall Postel is an awesome dude and an incredible teacher. I've taken a couple of classes with him and loved every one.
5.0 : Professor Postel is a great instructor. He really knows his subject matter, and he is more than happy to pass it along to his students. But you have to put in the effort to do well. Lots of reading, and attendance is a must. But Postel is great for those students who are willing to do the work. I would take any class he is teaching.
2.0 : Beyond boring even though i like hist. He'd stand up there droning on in his monotone voice. Easy enough, 2 essays, quizzes, midterm, and final. After the midterm, half the class stopped coming. The other half spent their time on their phoneslaptops.  Study guides are useless. 10 pages of topics to reviews but only 5 things will be on the tests.
5.0 : I honestly LOVE Marty. She has a charismatic personality where you would not want to miss a class, EVER. Her passion for teaching goes unnoticed and I'm so grateful I was able to have her for my H ED 430. She teaches you health theories in a simplified manner and it's EASY to follow along. Her classroom as a safe zone, so don't feel overwhelmed!
4.0 : Amazing teacher. Class was very difficult but he is there to help you succeed. Tests are similar to the reviews. I wish all engineering teachers were like him. Would recommend this teacher!
5.0 : Dr. Jiang is as good as it gets. He is a circuits wizard and gives you information about real life applications. He stays current and teaches you what is current. Besides that he is a kind and caring professor. SFSU is lucky to have him and so are the students. He is also accessible and very competent, he's not one of those clueless professors.
3.0 : If you miss his class too many times, you won't pass.  it doesn't seem like he cares since he's a bit all over the place, but if you don't show up, he notices and will dock you.  Ultimately that will decide your overall grade.  As long as you try and work with deadlines, its a good class.  But, he is a bit handsey, so beware.
5.0 : I LOVE STEPHEN INGALLS. He always comes to class with a smile, very helpful and patient with his students. Lab reflection for homework and tests are pretty simple as long as you study the lectures he gives/ notes. Syllabus is very accurate. Time sometimes goes by quickly but I'll miss him and his class so much! Do your work and study, you'll pass.
5.0 : Stephen Ingalls in AMAZING!!! He is very knowledgable and truly love biology. He wants his students to succeed and learn the material. He makes sure that everyone is on the same page and his teaching method is great. I thoroughly enjoyed this class. I only wish that he taught other bio lab sections!! I highly recommend him. You won't regret it!
4.0 : Stephen is a nice guy. However his class is not the easiest. He lectures majority of the time and he writes really fast. Study for the quizzes because it is all short answer and he takes points off for the slightest things. I ended up a C+ in the class because I wasn't studying. If you study and can explain yourself well you should be fine.
5.0 : Love him. He was a great teacher. He loves biology and helped with any questions I had. He was funny and overall it was a great class. Not much homework. He was there to help you learn.
5.0 : Stephen is honestly the best. He makes me feel great about being a biology major. He is very caring and is very knowledgeable. I would take one of his classes again.
5.0 : Stephen is super cool and makes lab fun. He is a great teacher and it is easy to understand what he is explaining. He is very laid back and only teaches important information. There are weekly reflections that you get credit for just meeting the word requirement. A few other homework assignments, 4 quizzes, and a midterm and final
5.0 : Michelle is the best! You will become such a great writer at the end of the course. This course isn't an easy A, but do the work and listen to her feedback, and you will surely succeed! Textbook is definitely needed!
2.0 : Don't take this class unless you are interesting in writing for news. It feels like an 8th grade English class most of the time and you'll get bored if you aren't planning on choosing this subject as your career. I took this class for units and can't say I've learned anything useful; and this is coming from someone who sits towards the front.
4.0 : BECA 200 with her is really basic but she really tries to help students and quizzes and tests are essay. Writing assignments are also fine. As long as you meet the requirements of the paper, you should get an A. Overall an easy class if you pay attention in class.
5.0 : Kennedy was incredible. 200 was one of my favorite classes and really helped me decide BECA and the broadcast industry is right for me. We did many assignments relating to our potential careers painting a very real picture of what our futures would look like. Class was highly engaging and I learned something new every day. The guest speakers to com
4.0 : Great class with a great teacher. Study for midterms and finals, online quizzes are easy. Come to class you will miss things if you dont, take notes she doesn't give the lecture slides out. Dont disrupt class she will call you out on it.
5.0 : I LOVE Michelle. She is a gem! She's super nice and brings in a ton of industry professionals from all fields to talk to the class every other week. You cannot skip class. She takes attendance every single class. You have five quizzes that are ten points each online throughout the course of the semester and they're super easy.
4.0 : Lygia is amazing! One of my favorite professors so far! She is very helpful and if you ever need anything or have a problem she is there to listen to you no matter what.
4.5 : Dr.Stebbing changed my life. She was able to tie social justice and child development together in her curriculum, which made her class very engaging for me. Don't be fooled, although she is an amazing professor, she does set the bar high for her students and expects you to succeed. She does support you along the way. She is very passionate.
4.0 : Easy GE class. Watch weekly lectures and do the quiz for them. I just hate that he gave me an A- because I had a 92.81% I even asked if he could round me up to 93% for an A but never replied.
5.0 : BIG FUN! IT'S NOT HARD, IT'S NOT 'STRESS AT ALL-- IT'S JUST TO THINK ABOUT THE ECONOMY! A LOT OF SUPER EASY QUIZZES. I WOULD TAKE IT AGAIN :)
5.0 : The professor is awesome. Such an easy and informative class, one of my favorites so far and it counts for GE which is great.
5.0 : good course
5.0 : AWESOME PROFESSOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU ACTUALLY USE WHAT YOU LEARN IN REAL LIFE.
5.0 : Lectures were great and very useful! Pay attention to the lectures and you'll pass
5.0 : Pro. Sokol is one of the best professors that I have ever had. His lectures are very interesting .Quizzes are easy . It is a great online class.  Take him! :)
5.0 : Bill is a fantastic professor, loved his know your rights course! Extremely helpful and his lectures are always clear. Currently taking his 650 course (Labor Law) for spring semester. Take him if you can!
5.0 : Professor Sokol is a really nice guy and truly cares about his students. The workload and exams are definitely manageable as long as you put the effort and time into them. I took him for both LABR 250 and 251, and may even take 650 for the hell of it. One of the best professors at SFSU in my opinion.
5.0 : Bill is intelligent, simple and fun. I had him for LABR 250, 251, and currently taking 650. He taught topics that will resonate with me for the rest of my life. The grade you get in the course reflects on the effort you put into watching lectures and doing quizzes on time. I got a B both times I took him because I procrastinated here and there.
2.0 : He seems like a nice guy to talk to. He's pretty boring in some lectures, but you can tell he's very passionate about the topics he's teaching. He ALWAYS seems happy which is admirable.
5.0 : Mr. Sokol is a very smart person. He has a lot to teach us, and he does a good job of it. The lectures are a little long at times, but that's just him taking the time to elaborate. I enjoy the class structure of quizzes being due at the end of the week. I took 251 with him, now I'm in his upper division class
5.0 : he is nice and explain details in the video. Nice professor that i never met!!!
5.0 : Great Professor, he knows his stuff. His lectures are short, simple, and straight to the point. I suggest everyone should take this class because how important it is to know about our country's Labor.
2.0 : Wouldn't recommend this class. Professor tries to trick you on the quizzes and doesn't give you answers to most of the questions in the lectures so you have to make a guess most of the time. There is a lot of homework each week and you really have to keep track of points which he doesn't give you extra credit if you make little mistakes.
3.0 : Knows his stuff! Lectures are most of the time under 15 minutes, so your attention span is able to keep up. Nice guy; always emails updates and encouraging words.
5.0 : He is so passionate and interested in the course. He's helpful and always reminds you to do the work. If you do what he says and take all the quizzes, you will do fine. Even though the class had nothing to do with my major, he still made this course one of the most interesting I've ever had.
5.0 : Best teacher I've had at SFSU so far. He's very straight forward and seems passionate about the subject. There are over 100 quizzes, but the quizzes are easy if you watch his lectures. There's one paper and no final. I think I learned more in this class because I was more focused in what he's saying than thinking about my grade. I would recommend
3.0 : Some of his lectures are not clear.
5.0 : A great teacher! From the start of the semester, he's very clear what he expects of his students. Try and dedicate 2-3 days of the week for quizzes (depending on the #). Super helpful. Would take again.
5.0 : Prof. Sokol lectures and then you take the quiz right after. Super easy if you follow along and he's super funny. There are quite a few lectures and quizzes for each week so try not to wait till Sunday to get them all done before midnight.
5.0 : Of all the classes I've taken at SFSU this has been one of the most useful and well organized. If you are an A or B level student an A will be no problem to achieve. Lots of videos and quizzes. Very responsive teacher. I'm taking two of his classes right now and they're very manageable, while working 40+ hours a week. Learn and enjoy! Showtime!
5.0 : All of Sokol's courses are highly recommended, his requirements are very clear, the pace of the course is perfect, and it's not difficult to get a very good grade if you just do the work.  No tests, papers, projects - all based on "watch a lecture, do a quiz".
1.0 : INCONSISTENT. Also, very rude &amp; condescending &amp; yells at students for posting Qs on the forum that other students had Qs about.  Also, he didn't tell us in orientation that we couldn't ask Qs being quizzes.  His forum said, "ask about anything."  For a lawyer, he doesn't grasp the concept of clear communication. Very sad indeed.
4.0 : I really don't understand the individuals that gave professor Sokol a poor rating.  This class is an easy A.  Don't be overwhelmed by the long list of quizzes sitting there each week.  They are in correspondence to the 5-10 min lectures paired with them.  You might have to answer 8 questions at the most.  Just don't miss any and boom an A!
4.5 : You could tell Sokol has a lot of experience in his field and knew exactly what he was talking about. His quizzes were not that simple I learned many things that were actually relevant to my life until other college classes, Pros: no textbook needed, take about 4 hrs a week, no final, no midterm. Lectures are clear. Online class very convenient
5.0 : Awesome professor. Every assignment is laid out for you online. Super helpful and caring guy! Would def retake another course from Sokol!
5.0 : I have taken 3 classes with Sokol and I would take more if he was available. His class consists of short lectures followed by quizzes or even accompanied by the quizzes because he suggest to have them side by side.
5.0 : his class is super easy.  he purposefully makes the quizzes as easy and obvious as possible most of the time.  there are times when the quizzes are a little bit challenging but its extremely rare. he also makes the lectures very short most of the time.  as long as you pay attention to what he says in the lecture the quizzes are extremely easy.
5.0 : The quiz open once a week and only allow to attempt once, but the questions wasnt that hard, you can either search online for answers or watch his video.
5.0 : Professor Sokol is very knowledgeable, passionate, and caring in his lectures. He reminds us to take the quizzes before it's due in case we forget to.
5.0 : Whoever wrote the negative reviews are tripping. His quizzes are super easy and manageable, and he tries to make them fun. He is such a great professor and you can really see how passionate he is. For sure take this class if you want to get an easy A.
4.5 : I have taken Prof. Sokol for labor 250 and it's the same style. Watch a video then take a quiz right after, super easy. I would definitely recommend this class as its about work rights, which in my opinion everyone should know. You do need a text book for a couple of the quizzes.
4.5 : Online with LOTS of mini quizzes. That makes it easier to learn info tho. Its an easy class that you will learn and it applies to your life if you're in CA. There's one paper but its only 5% of your grade. You only need the textbook for maybe 10 questions the whole semester. Take him! He's great!
5.0 : super easy i do the weeks homework in probably 2.5hours. Literally just watch the video do a quiz, forgot the answer google it. Its really easy and interesting because you get to actually learn something that is very useful for the rest of your life. Enjoyed this class!
5.0 : It'sssss showtime! (waves mic). I took labor 250 and 251 and really like the teaching method applied here. Class consists of watching short lectures and completing the quizzes afterwards.
5.0 : Mr. Sokol is an amazing, awesome, down to earth professor. I enjoy listening to the lectures they are funny and a mixture of great lecture on history of Labor studies. Mr. Sokol is always there for his students , I would recommend Mr. Sokol to any student who need to take an online class. He also taught me to fight for what you believe in !!!!
5.0 : Professor Sokol is an amazing professor. He is very nice in all his videos and it very easy to understand. There are a lot of quizzes each weak but they are super east if you watch the videos.
4.0 : He is a cool professor, but just be prepare to do a lot of quizzes.
5.0 : Test/lectures open every monday and close on sunday. Miss a week you miss points. Don't rely on google for all the answers. Listen to the lectures carefully. My only frustration with this class is that some questions don't add up to the correct answer. Great class easy A if you put in the effort
5.0 : This was an online class that consisted of mainly quizzes and video lectures mainly. A lot of quizzes but they're only like 5-10 questions each if at all that. They're not that hard to pass, just listen to the lectures and you'll do fine. He is very knowledgeable in the topic and you'll learn a lot about labor laws.
4.5 : Interesting and a beneficial course for all students! This should be mandatory imo.  Lectures are not too long. He gets to the point. There are around 8-10 quizzes due weekly: not too many questions, easy and clear, no trick questions.    I didn't have any issues. Just pay attention, re-watch the lectures, and do the assgmnts.  easy A or B+.
5.0 : He will be direct that you have to pay attention to lecture in order to have a good grade in class and the paper assignment is easy as long as you pay attention to all lectures and take notes. Also, a book is required and sometimes he will add questions about the book portion so it is a must have to earn a good grade.
3.0 : Super easy! All quizzes due by Sunday at midnight. I had the quizzes open while watching the lecture and it was easy to get good scores. The final is only about 80 questions and everything is multiple choice.
3.5 : This is an online class. You must watch his videos and lectures to be able to take the quizzes. It's a fairly easy class because basically everything is online. You must finish the quizzes by the deadline (Sun 11:59pm) or else you lose all the points that week and he won't open it back up for you. There's about an average of 7+ quizzes a week.
4.5 : Took this class mainly because it was online &amp; needed a 4th class. Had low expectations but in the end found that the topics he covered were very interesting. You just watch a bunch of 10-15 min lectures &amp; some videos &amp; after each lecture/video take a small quiz. Easy. If taking a bunch of hard classes &amp; need something not to worry about TAKE THIS!
5.0 : I learned so much from this class. Bill is a great teacher and makes the material very easy to understand. Just don't do the homework assignments last minute so you can actually understand what he's teaching and not rush yourself. If you do that, you're guaranteed a good grade. Take him you wont regret it.
5.0 : Crazy easy. Just get all the quizzes done by Sunday night. Teacher is very laid back and super chill. Assignments, are minimum. At most 2 every semester. And those are ridiculously easy as well. If you're looking for some quick units/credit, definitely take  any of his classes. You might actually be surprised of the things you learn in his classes.
4.5 : Yes every week he does assign a good amount of lectures and quizzes to go along with it but they are interesting. As long as you pay attention you should do well on the quizzes.
5.0 : Absolutely loved this course. Bill is the best, he knows his stuff. Just do the quizzes and you'll pass!! Super interesting, you honestly don't need to buy the textbook either. I actually learned a lot too.
5.0 : This class is super easy. You just have to watch the videos and answer a few quiz questions about what you just saw.You get immediate feedback on all the quizzes. If you don't get at least a B in this course, you are either not doing any of the work, or you simply are not smart enough to take this class.
4.5 : The class was great! If you watch the videos and pay attention you'll get an A or B. The topics were really interesting and he has a sense of humor which makes it easy to watch the videos and not doze off. I would definitely take him again, he was awesome.
5.0 : HIGHLY ADVISE! As long as you can be responsible EVERY week and complete all the lectures and quizzes, you will pass! Easy A, all you have to do is manage your time wisely!
5.0 : Great professor.
5.0 : Had him for LABR250 &amp; plan to take his LABR251/ECON511. If you want an easy online class, I highly recommend; you can not go wrong.
4.0 : Sokol is an entertaining professor when it comes to online video lectures. This class is EASY! I highly recommend this course for LLD Seg 2 requirements. Nice and relaxing course and a guarenteed GPA booster! Good luck!
4.0 : I took LABR 251 online and it's pretty easy and straightforward as long as you pay attention during the lectures! Do the quizzes while listening to the lectures, but don't want until the night the sections close to start! Easy class, very informative! Sokol is awesome and responds to students in a timely manner.
5.0 : Very interesting class. I learned a lot from the lectures, and Professor Sokol's a funny guy! There are many quizzes but they aren't too bad. You are given a whole week to complete each set of quizzes.
5.0 : Interesting and straight forward. Strict deadline but it's an online class, watch the videos and do the assignments that follow and you will definitely pass
5.0 : online was easy just do the quizzes and you should pass.
4.0 : Only class I've taken where I'll actually be able to apply  a professor's lectures to the real world!  Each week, you watch about 9 videos and take a quiz right after each one.  The videos are about 10 minutes long, and each quiz can usually be done in less than 10 minutes.  Only 1 paper was required. Take him! You won't regret it!
4.0 : This course was quite helpful in providing with information about my work rights.
4.5 : Easy but you still learn a lot if you put in the effort, which this class doesn't require much of. And the information is super relevant!! There are 8-10 lecture a week with a quiz after each lecture. The lectures are 5-10 minutes each and quizes are equally short. Definitely take this class! P.S. I think Sokol thinks hes way funny then he is!
4.5 : Funny teacher, all you need just go online watch the videos and do the quiz, it is very easy because you can find the answers from the video. However, there are a lot of quiz you need to do. but only one essay need to write. good luck.
2.5 : The class is very easy. Watch a lecture, do a reading, take the quiz. Quizzes are due every Sunday at midnight. The quizzes however can get tedious, especially when he puts joke answers among the real answers.
4.5 : I initially took this class because I needed credits but this has been the first class so far that I have taken and can apply it to the real world. His lectures are easy to understand as well as entertaining.  Don't forget to do the quizzes! My grade would have been higher if I didn't forget a week's worth of quizzes.
4.5 : Great class. Easy A. The course is organized into over 100 short online lecture. Each lecture ranging from 5 to 12 minutes after which you take a quiz. I don't care if your majoring in Accounting or Zoology and everything  in between you should take this course. If you plan on working/living in California. Take this course!
5.0 : Best professor ever. His lectures are very interesting and will be helpful outside of college. I highly recommend taking this class.
5.0 : It is a very easy class. You learned a lot about your rights and how the laws we live by come to be what they are. The professor is easy and clear about the material.
4.0 : I would highly recommend this course to everyone. It was very interesting and informative. Professor Sokol was great and he made it very clear for students to understand. Easy A though.. But I would just say that this course is not just about the grades.. It is about your rights! :)
5.0 : This class was very informative and though laws change, Mr. Sokol taught with relevancy in conjunction with today's laws. I will be a confident, informed and resourceful California worker.  Thanks to Mr. Sokol.
4.5 : The class was easy and fun. All you need to do each week is just do a few quizzes with all the answers provide in his short videos. The quizzes are short also. It's a recommended class.
5.0 : This class is super helpful &amp; informative + a funny &amp; nice professor. It's extremely organized (lectures &amp; easy quizzes). I learned a lot about my work's rights. I love this class so much and look forward to take another course with him again. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. :D
4.0 : I took Labor250 and 251 and enjoyed them both. Mr.Sokol is an excellent teacher and his lectures are never boring. After watching the lectures you do a quiz. It is easy but some questions can be tricky. Overall,I recommend this class.
1.0 : This class is completely online. Quiz questions were sometimes ridiculous and offensive, e.g. NPR stands for?  A: Nation Public Radio or National Public (without the L) Radio.  Made a dry subject somewhat interesting, but he always responded to our questions with "there are more than 1000 points".  What does that even mean?  Too vague at times.
5.0 : Very fun class that can actually be applied to the real world, the online lectures are super accessible and easy to follow along with.
5.0 : Very informative. Easy course so it's impossible not recieve an A. The lectures are about ten minutes long. Very understanding teacher. I highly recommend taking this course if you're looking for another GE class.
5.0 : A great class for those who have no idea about their worker rights. Grading is really straightforward: just watch lectures/vids &amp; do the quizzes. Sometimes reading is req, but it's small. Do the paper if u want a 90%+ final grade!
1.5 : only .5% from getting a B but he wouldn't change it.
4.5 : Awesome, funny, cool, and knowledgeable professor! Mr. Sokol's attitude also livens the atmosphere of the class. I would recommend any of his classes
5.0 : One of the easiest classes I've taken-- but also one of the most useful! Most of the course is lectures by Bill, but there are also some YouTube videos and interviews. Don't sweat it if you miss a point or two here and there because there are a lot of quizzes!
5.0 : Class was fun and interesting. You will be able to apply what you learned in class to your life. Majority of the lectures were short and simple and the quizzes were straightforward. Just be careful with the overtime calculations, it can be tricky. Take any of his class if you need for GE or a filler.
4.0 : Interesting class and very accessible since its online. Material was intriguing and well presented by Sokol. There is a final in the end that is cumulative of all the material in the weekly quizzes. Just get a majority of quizzes as 100% and you should end up with an A in the end.
5.0 : I took Sokol 2nd semester my freshmen year and have taken at least one online class every semester since. I had absolutely no interest in the matter but my friend told me to take it. I love BILL! He is great, not only did he make it interesting, I actually learned a lot…I'm now in his LABR 650 class and can already tell it helped I took him before
5.0 : LABR 250/251 are both great classes and Sokol makes the class really interesting. You learn a lot of history and how it influenced today's workforce as well as society as a whole. This class really got me thinking. Sokol is really knowledgeable and makes the class really interesting. The quizzes are easy and fun. I highly recommend this class.
5.0 : Such a stress free class. You watch a video and take a quiz. I thought his lectures were very informative and helps you understand what rights we have as we enter the workforce. Very useful videos and readings too. Quizzes are not hard at all, it's literally an easy A if you keep up!
5.0 : Stress free, very informative and useful lectures and resources he provides. If you want an easy A take it but keep up with the material.
4.0 : I love this class and his lectures were super easy and fast to go through. But still had a lot of great information that i will be using in my workplace now. Defiantly an Easy A class as long as you stay on top of the lectures and don't forget to take the quizzes.
4.0 : Prof. Sokol is very organized and prepared. His online class is one where there are actually lectures online so you feel like you get to know the professor. He answers questions that you send through e-mail. A lot of the quiz questions are a bit silly though and he could stand to be more mature. Overall, I would highly recommend taking this class!
4.0 : This is an excellent course with an excellent professor. The grading scale is a little bit odd so I recommend taking it pass/fail if you care about your G.P.A. Prof. Sokol posts lectures online rather than assigning you to research and write your own course. It makes it much more personal and makes it feel important. It is a very important subject.
4.0 : Interesting class and very accessible since its online. Material was intriguing and well presented by Sokol. There is a final in the end that is cumulative of all the material in the weekly quizzes. Just make sure to study a bit at the end and you should end up with an A.
5.0 : Amazing prof. Keep up with the videos and quizzes and you should really get an easy A. Bill is really hilarious in his lectures and quizzes, but he really wants to make sure you are having fun in this class. I enjoyed this course very much and the material is very useful for anyone to know on a day-to-day basis. Take him you will not regret.
5.0 : Amazing lectures and quizzes. Bill is overall a great professor and I found it very useful to learn about the rights we have when we go into the workforce. He is also very hilarious in his lectures and quizzes, but he just wants you to learn and have fun. His classes are literally a easy A and stress free. Take him, you will not regret!
5.0 : One of the best online courses I've taken. The structure was fantastic. The course load was a little overwhelming at first but once you get the hang of it, you're golden.
5.0 : Highly recommend! If you need an extra 3 units and can get into the online class, definitely take. The lectures are short, easy to understand, clear, and well organized. Each lecture has a quick quiz, the quiz's aren't their to trick you, but just drive home the main talking points. Valuable info as future workers. Funny too. 'It's Showtime!'
5.0 : One of the best professors at SFSU because he genuinely isn't trying to make your life all about his class. The overall course is not easy but his short lectures allow a clear understanding of the material. Each lecture is followed by a short &amp; relevant quiz, which is easy &amp; allows to earn more points for a higher grade.
4.5 : This class was very interesting. Theres not much to it just take all the quizzes. I found I was loosing a lot of random points for not reading the questions properly. He doesn't reopen any quizzes. Overall it was clear, easy and very enjoyable to take. I expect I very good grade. I took it summer so it went by in 5 weeks a little crazy but doable.
4.0 : I liked the information I got from the course and the dry sense of humor, but when I missed problems that were on my quizzes that had no relevance to the class I was pretty upset...
5.0 : Great class! I usually take a different professor for my labor classes, however I really wish Id taken him for all of them! I took an online summer class, and it was pretty easy, you just have to make some time to sit and get through the quizzes.  Best part was there was no textbook!
5.0 : There are a lot of online quizzes to take but they are fairly easy. You will get approximately a week to finish a set of assignments he assigns. Just listen to the lectures and readings and you will pass. You will find this class fascinating.
5.0 : I absolutely love Professor Sokol! Took him for Labor 511 and decided to also take him for a couple other Labor Studies courses purely because the information is interesting and he explains it so well! Stay on top of your work and you will be fine!
5.0 : Great lectures and easy quizzes. I learned a lot from this class.
5.0 : I've taken 2 online classes so far with Bill Sokol and plan on taking another next semester.  The class is pretty easy, you just have to set time aside every week to watch the short lectures and take the quizzes.  There are so many points to be earned that if you miss some quizzes or do poorly on a couple it doesn't affect your grade too badly.
2.0 : Quizzes are unorganized and many questions are misleading. The online lectures are not up to date. Most info is from 2011-2012, I took this class in 2016
5.0 : You can't go wrong taking Bill's LABR250 class. I had a lot of fun watching a video and taking a quiz, but I also learned a LOT of valuable information that can be used in today's work world. Take Bill, you won't regret, easy A.
5.0 : Bill is a great professor. His lectures from the historical parts revolving around the concept of labor and quizzes that follow the videos follow a great structure. Very informative and useful information that can be used in today's world. Keep up with the blocks of material each week and it's an easy A.
5.0 : Bill made LABR251 a very useful class. His lecture videos give an overall idea of what people go through and his interviews are very informative to learn from. Keep up with the blocks and lectures each week and do the optional paper (very easy and informative for him to learn from) and you'll get an A in the class.
5.0 : You can't go wrong taking Bill's LABR251 class. You will learn a lot about the rights you have in the workplace. His quizzes relate to the lecture and the videos he gives. He made this class very fun and pleasant. Keep up with all the quizzes and you will get an A, but do the paper if you want 90%+ of the grade (A).
5.0 : Watch the lectures and do the quizzes.
5.0 : Showtime!!!  I love Bill Sokol's beautiful and soothing voice during lectures.  He makes me feel so special because of this class.  Would recommend A++++
5.0 : The most amazing and influential class to ever take at SFSU. You will not regret taking this experiential class. Showtime all the time with Bill Sokol!
3.5 : He was good.
5.0 : I feel the grading was really fair and I leaned a lot about labor laws! The class was really straight forward. You just watch the lectures and take the test. If you miss a few because your late or don't do the paper you can still pass.
4.5 : You can tell professor Sokol loves what he is doing. His lectures are funny and the material itself is quite interesting. Some of the wordings in the quiz questions can be a little tricky but then again that could just be me! He's a great professor and totally open to all questions! Just watch his lectures and enjoy!
2.0 : As easy as this class is it's very unclear and scatter brained.  He makes it to the point where if you need help he will tell you to just use google and sesrch for the answer. When you ask for help he's very rude and disrespectful and makes you feel inadequate.  I personally had a bad experience with him so I wouldn't recommend his class.
5.0 : I have taken both his 250 Intro to Labor Studies and 251 Know Your Workers Rights and both of these classes have been filled with amazing content. The class is online and is designed as watch a lecture then take a quiz during or after the lecture. His 251 class does have a textbook but its pretty cheap overall HIGHLY recommend. DON'T PROCRASTINATE
3.5 : Awesome class! He's very clear on the lecture. Have many quizzes but that's what will boost your grade up! There are some questions that I think it's more about my opinion but I got it wrong. It pissed me off when that happens but not many are like that so no worries even if you get it wrong!
5.0 : I took this class online and he is one of the most helpful professor and he would answer any email and also questions . if I could than I would take all of my classes with him...
5.0 : Literally the course was made up of like 100 quizzes spread out over the semester that opened up every monday and ended the following sunday. Quizzes were easy just watch a lecture (5-10 min) and do the related quiz (5min) for about 5-10 times a week.
5.0 : Third class with this professor.  Lectures are great. They last 8 - 15 minutes each so you can stay focused.  Many quizzes but the work load is at your convenience.  By staying focused, you actually learn something that you can use outside of school.  Great class and great professor.  Wish he taught a 4th class.
5.0 : Bill is SUPER funny and cheesy but just concentrate on the lectures and do well on the quizzes, you'll bet set and also have learned something new.
5.0 : I took both LABR250 and 251 and learned a lot. There are on average 7 quizzes per week, which should only take about 1 and a half hours out of your time (including watching the lecture). No late quizzes: if you miss one, that's a few points down. You can cram everything the night it's due, or early Monday to get it all over with. Highly recommended
5.0 : GREAT TEACHER! I was a little hesitant about online classes, this was my first and I really enjoyed it. The course is easy if you watch the short lectures (Literally, really short lectures. It's awesome) but some questions can be a little tricky. You have all week to complete a set of lectures. It's reasonable. He uses lots of humor. Take it!
5.0 : Bill is one of the best professors I've ever had. He is mostly interested in teaching material in way that it will be retained, therefore the lectures are short but be careful to pay attention because the quiz questions are tricky sometimes. Also some questions are worth more points than others which makes an impact on your grade. Great instructor.
3.5 : Take this class superrrrr easy and super funny guy! love sokol
5.0 : I took Sokol for Labr 250, 251 and 650, and loved all of them. This class is perfect for those looking for an online class that's straightforward and fairly easy. He gives you a lecture that can range from 7 min - 15 min with a quiz following after that ranges from 5-10 question. The answers can be found in the lecture, and you also learn a lot!
5.0 : Very interesting and engaging course.
5.0 : EASY,EASY,EASY!!! Watch a video, take a quiz. Watch another video, take another quiz.
5.0 : BEST TWO ONLINE CLASSES I HAVE EVER TAKEN. Everything was very straightforward. Easy A.
4.0 : This class is super easy just a bunch of video lectures and quizzes on the lectures, yes you have to watch the lectures but it's only like an hour or two a week that you spend on this class and you can do it on your own time! I recommend this 100% super easy
5.0 : He's an interesting professor talking about something you're going to want to know. His quizzes are pretty easy and lectures are interesting and straight forward. Lectures/quizzes each week but not too difficult to complete. Definitely would recommend the class to someone else. Useful information!
4.0 : Professor is very nice,  and you just need to do short quiz everyday.
4.0 : It's an online class, all his lectures are videos so it is pretty convenient.
4.0 : One of the more useful courses I have taken while fulfilling my GE requirements. Prof Sokol is very clear on class structure and requirements and it was easy to follow along. If you do all the quizzes and the one paper that only has to be 2-3 pages long, you'll pass. Taking LABR250 next semester because of how much i liked this course.
4.5 : Professor Sokol is an amazing teacher, to say it lightly. I took this class based on a recommendation from a friend that it would be an easy GPA boost, but I ended up learning a lot and enjoying it (almost) the whole time. The class is laid out in a straightforward manner, and if you're doing all the work, you'll be fine! Would take again.
5.0 : Great teacher, short lectures and quizzes every week just make sure you do them and it's easy to get an A. I find it easiest to do the quizzes while i'm listening to the lecture.
4.0 : If you're looking for a course to take that may be a bigger work load, but simple and straight forward, this is it! Fully based on "quizzes", no surprises or stress!
5.0 : It is a simple and straight forward class.  it is all online based so you definitely have to keep up with the lectures.
5.0 : Do your quizzes! Overall great professor with interesting lectures.
4.5 : Take a video, do a quiz. Take another video, do another quiz. This class is amazingly interesting and so much fun to do. You learn a lot about different labor laws. Take this class for fun even if it's not part of a requirement.
5.0 : AWESOME TEACHER! Honestly best class to take for GE. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : I enjoyed the online labor rights class. It was very informative and well balanced. After eery lecture video, students took a short quiz which was manageable if spread throughout the week. If there's issues with the lecture video playing, contact iLearn.
5.0 : Lecture heavy but he makes it easy on the student, most lectures won't go past 20mins. There is a quiz after every lecture and they are pretty standard. Would take him again! Great teacher.
5.0 : Super easy class. Take it if you want an A, which I'm sure you do. No complaints at all about this course.
4.0 : He'a nice teacher . He will reminds you to do the quizzes  every week. The  quizzes some are hard and some are not. It's a essay class and helpful.
5.0 : Taking Labor Studies online was one of the easiest classes I've ever taken and on top of it, it was enjoyable.  The lectures for each topic are short, about 10 mins each and he is actually interesting to listen to. There are quizzes to take with each lecture and you can have the quiz open while you are watching the lecture. It is an easy A!
1.5 : Thought this would be an easy class, found myself pulling my hair out listening to some of these audio recordings they are so dry and uninteresting. You're expected to understand convoluted law and take quizzes on things you do not understand
4.0 : He makes the course really interesting by inserting his personality into the video lectures. The course may be lecture and quiz heavy, but I never spend more than two hours a week doing the work for both LABR 250 or 251. I definitely will walk away knowing lots of useful information that is relevant to anyones life.
5.0 : Easy to pass, not many papers to write just a lot of lectures and quizzes to go along with the lectures.
5.0 : Sokol was such a dope teacher! His online class was really easy, but they were interesting. His quizzes close every Sunday and theyre not that hard so if you just do the quizzes youll pass without a doubt. Such a good professor, you can tell he puts a lot of effort into his teachings so we wont be bored
4.5 : 5-10 mins lecturesquizzes are given every week. Grading is straight forward, no retakes or prolonging due dates. Don't let yourself slip because it's really easy to just skim lectures and go straight to the quizzes, but your grade will suffer. He genuinely cares about teaching us the material. PS: NEVER discuss open quizzes in forums.
3.0 : I really enjoyed this class. It is fairly easy, but very time consuming. My advice is to set aside time everyday of the week to finish, but I don't even take my own advice and I do everything Sunday night. It's my last block of quizzes today and I'll be finished with the whole semester! Easy A. Very informative. TAKE IT.
3.5 : His lectures are very interesting! Quizzes are pretty easy, you just have to listen his lectures and read some articles that he assigns. I do recommend this class and easy A, if you can keep up and manage your time.
4.5 : All lectures and quizzes open every Monday and you have a week to do them. I did them every Monday and chilled the rest of the week. He sometimes gives freebie questions on the quizzes as well. Highly recommend for you to take this course(:
4.0 : Bill is a great professor with a clear passion for what he is teaching. His lectures are very clear and filled with useful information. There are a lot of lectures/quizzes every week, but not too time consuming. Taking this class was worth it even though I wasn't really into it at first. Bill made it an easy, fun class to take!
4.5 : I took his online Know Your Work Rights class. About 5-8 videos a week that you have to watch, and each video has a quiz after which are roughly 10 questions each. Quizzes are super easy, and he is pretty entertaining. I would definitely take one of his online courses again. Easy A.
5.0 : Watching videos and taking quizzes makes up your entire class. Keeps videos short because he understands the pain of watching online lectures and he's super entertaining! Easy class as long as you take your time watching all of the lectures. Would take this class again any day.
5.0 : The class has such an easy structure: 6-10 quizzes are due each week, 3-10 questions each. Each quiz is based on a 10min video lecture that Bill recorded. Only reason I got an A- was because I missed two week's worth of quizzes in a row. Got a 100% or close on every other quiz. One 1pg easy essay. Bill is funny, awesome, and engaging. TAKE THIS.
5.0 : Dude Sokol was super chill. EASY A! All online lectures of videos of Sokol, and quizzes after. Quizzes open on Monday and all quizzes are due Sunday night. I honestly finished the quizzes for one entire week in like 1-2 hrs. Learn a lot about labor policies which is helpful especially if you are working or have shady bosses. Take him!
5.0 : Watch a video and a small quiz afterwards. The quizzes are extremely easy. My advice, have the video playing and have the quiz open on another tab. All quizzes are due every Sunday @11:59pm. TAKE THIS COURSE! Super easy and interesting! I actually learned a lot from him. (Labor Studies 250 Online)
2.0 : Assigns an absurd amount of work. Gets mad when his teaching style is criticized so he responses by resorting to personal insults. Absolute leftist propaganda, tries to teach the class in a biased way that portrays white people as being pure evil and everyone else as being innocent and perfect.
3.5 : Great professor! Interesting lectures and easy quizzes. You learn a lot in this course. He teaches students their rights in the work field.
4.5 : Like any online class, it is easy to balance out with your schedule. He is very clear with what he wants from you. As long as you watch the videos and take the quizzes, you will pass!
5.0 : Not only that this class is easy, you'll learn so much about the workplace. Even though this is a online class, he made every lecture hilarious. He's straight forward with everything. All you got to do is watch a lecture and do a quiz and repeat. It's that simple! Recommend to take notes for future uses! Take the class! You won't regret it at all!
4.0 : Easy online course! I would recommend taking if you are able to keep track of online classes. There are a lot of quizzes that must be done by the end of the week. Every quiz has a video and a quiz at the end I would sigesit doing the quiz as you watch his video. Easy A if you stay on top of your work!
3.0 : I expected LABR 250 to be as easy and interesting as LABR 251, it's not. Lectures are longer, boring, &amp; out dated. Also A LOT of lectures! Rather tedious, not at all what I was expecting from Sokol's class. I would probably not take this class again. Structure is easy to follow and you always now what grade you have. No textbook which is a plus.
5.0 : This class is very straightforward. You watch a video and you do a quiz. Sokol makes the lecture easy for his students. Highly recommended.
5.0 : TAKE HIM!!
5.0 : Mr. Sokol is an  outstanding teacher, he is down to earth, at times hilarious, and is willing to support his students anyway he can. This online class is awesome, I would recommend this class to future students, this is my first time taking an online class and I love it !!!!!!! An advice I can give to future students is have fun &amp; ask for  help
5.0 : I always look forward to showtime with Prof. Sokol. You can tell he's truly passionate about our rights in the workplace, which makes watching his lectures so intriguing. Seriously, the only way to not get an A in this class is to be lazy. Watch the lectures, do the quizzes. Easy A. Highly recommend.
2.5 : What disappointed me about this teacher is his lack of willingness to help students succeed in his class. His lectures were made in like 2001 or 2007, and he is paid to upload them again each year and do no grading. He is not understanding or flexible if you miss assignments for any reason. Unless you are cheating somehow, the quizzes can be tough
5.0 : This is my first semester at San Francisco State and I have found this class refreshing and very informative. The teacher is very professional, knowledgeable, and caring. This class I would actually be glad to go on-line and work. It was a total amazing experience for me, take the class. I read and I learned a lot. Thank You Professor Sokol!!
4.5 : Really easy and interesting class. Watch the videos and take quizzes at the same time, you'll do fine. He's clearly passionate and cares about giving us information so we can protect our own rights.
5.0 : honestly enjoyed this class. the material was interesting and made me pay attention. as always, the quizzes are easy and lectures were short. I liked this class because it is good to know your work rights and what you are entitled to in the workforce
5.0 : I've taken his 250 &amp; 251 class and I prefer those classes than the 511 collective bargaining class. As always, easy lectures and quizzes however for me some of the material was a little harder to grasp so it was a little easier to mess up on the quizzes. Parts of the material were interesting to learn about. Still an easy A class.
4.0 : Mr. Sokol is a great teacher! I took his online class know your work rights. The class was very interesting and I learned good information. You basically watch lectures and take a short quiz after. You actually learn a lot in this class and i really enjoyed it! He also has a great sense of humor, i would highly recommend anyone to take this class.
5.0 : great class!
5.0 : great class, take it!!!!
4.5 : He's a really great professor. Even though this is an online class, he is straight-forward and gets to the point, and stays on topic. I would recommend students to take his class. There is a good amount of work; not too much, not too little. I wish more professors would teach like him.
4.0 : Took Sokol's 251 class last semester and decided to take his 250. Though his lectures are outdated and quiz answers aren't always in the correct order as they should be, it's a straight forward class. Quiz sets open Monday and close on Sunday. ACTUALLY listen to the lectures &amp;you'll do fine on the quizzes. Class is over 1000pts. Such an easy A.
5.0 : Good teacher with interesting lectures, clear about what he expects. Some of his videos online are a little out of date so take his facts with a grain of salt. Basically the format is lecture video then quiz. There is also 1 or 2 papers in the semester and one final big quiz.
4.5 : This is a very interesting and informative class, to see how he connects history to what labor is today is phenomenal. Class consists of videos and or readings (he provides) and taking an exam on them right after. There are around 10 quizzes each week.
5.0 : I took his online Labor studies 511 class this Fall 2016 &amp; I loved it ! I learned a lot and he is so straight forward. I would highly recommend this class. - You listen to a lecture &amp; do a quiz there are about 6 quizzes per week - must do all quizzes to get an A and really just listen to him and do the quiz at the same time.
5.0 : Great professor. Took him for LABR 250, 251, and 51. Watch the lectures and take the quizzes right after. Material was interesting and straight to the point. Easy A if you commit to the weekly routine.
5.0 : Lecture cover something an educated person should really know. Appreciate all I had gotten in this class.
5.0 : Short lectures with easy questions
5.0 : Great professor. Took him the previous semester.
5.0 : Super easy class that will you teach you so much and is useful in day-to-day life. If you can spare fifteen minutes every day to watch one lecture and take the quiz for that lecture, you will pass! 8-12 lectures per week, all about 10 mins long. Quizzes are 3-10 questions. Easiest and most fun three credits ever
5.0 : I really enjoyed learning about CA worker's rights from Bill Sokol online. Mr. Sokol is very passionate about worker's rights and is dedicated to equipping his students with the necessary information/laws protecting us in the workplace.  He encourages us to be advocates who will fight for our right to be heard and protected!
5.0 : Great teacher. Really looks to help out the student. All you have to do is watch a 10 min lecture (on average) then take an easy quiz. That's it. There may be some reading here and there but not often. Funny teacher too. You literally have to try to get a bad grade in order to get one.
5.0 : This class is so easy!! Just a ton of 10-15 min lectures along with a quiz for each one every week. Just watch the short videos, answer simple questions, and you got an A
5.0 : Helpful course.
1.0 : If you are want to take this class, you have to be aware of the due dates. If you passed the due date, he WON NOT give you any chance to make it up or  any extrat credits opportunity. He is NOT a good professor that cares about students.
5.0 : I loved Professor Sokol and this class. The class was very simple: lecture videos &amp; quizzes. Some weeks there are a lot of quizzes but you can do it. If you really pay attention you'll learn some valuable things. I could tell he really cared about his students and wanted us to learn about our work rights. I never bought the textbook and did fine
5.0 : A good amount of quizzes every week on either lectures, readings, or interviews which make up your entire grade. Overall pretty interesting and not too bad.
4.0 : He is amazing. I took him for Soc 100. 20% midterm, 40% final, 40 % paper  probably the most easiest professor to soc 100 but it isnt an easy class at all.
4.5 : took him for soc theory. He is super helpful and nice. Not a totally easy class, but it is passable and interesting. You need to work hard for an A. You can easily get a B by doing the work. He goes over the readings in class so no need to stress if you miss a reading.   Took him at UC Davis.
4.5 : Good man, good teacher, helped me with my life struggles and was my to go guy.
3.0 : In all honesty, the class is alright. I specifically do not like how it does not matter if you're attending class every Monday night and actually speak when it really does not count for anything. Participation is graded by using an online tool that requires you to spam it with links, essentially. Most noneffective tool I've seen in my four years.
5.0 : Geoffrey is a very laid-back professor. A large chunk of your participation grade comes from using an online tool called Ponder. The assignments themselves aren't very hard, but there is a lot to do, so be sure to keep up! There are a total of 3 online quizzes and an exam which are all open book. Half of the assignments are group projects.
2.5 : Interesting lectures, but very unclear requirements on projects. He isn't telling how to present or to structure the whole presentation, and then grades it very strictly. He might tell you what to do only after he graded you. Same with papers. A LOT OF WORK and very little appreciation from his side. Can never guess how you do until the very end.
5.0 : took over summer'17. very easy professor. Just ALOT to do in 5weeks. only had 5/10 sessions. 3 online quizzes. final is online. fun class. 1 individual &amp; 2 group presentations.
5.0 : One of the best business professors I have ever taken. Had him for a 5 week Summer course and at first I thought I would dread 4 hour sessions twice a week but amazingly enough these sessions go by so quick because he makes it so interesting! Highly recommend him for 690. Very laid back and I think he was an easy grader. Goes over the text in class
5.0 : took summer 17. 4hour class went by fast. 2 group presentations. 1 individual presentation. 3 online quizzes. final is online but its tough! assignments are easy. quizzes were easy not timed. again, final was very hard since its timed. had 5/10 sessions. fun class overall.
4.5 : He is the best Business Professor I have at SFSU. He is very clear about the class. Fair Grader. A lot of Group Work. Quizzes and 1 final exam. It is not easy but you will learn a lot. Very interesting lecture
2.5 : NOT clear about what he really wanted for the project. Vague about grading like participation and letter grade. Me and my friend not do not participate at all in the class and post the same number of reading assignment  but i got full point and she got partial. We both got 90 in final point but then she got A, I only got A-  Weirdest teacher ever
5.0 : Great teacher!!! take him
3.0 : A lot of work to do, but it is easy to pass with B
4.5 : Very intelligent and passionate. If you are going to take a WGS course and you can get into his, do it. Helps you think in-depth about things you thought you knew, and you'll learn a lot about your own values and opinions in addition to material  he presents. You won't want to miss class -- but not due to the attendance policy.
5.0 : Mamo is well-published and eloquent as a scholar and is a true gem. No tests at all, just papers and one final project. Lots of class discussion and reading, which I think is typical of a class of this style. She bestowed many skills upon me coming from a very different, un-H ED major.
5.0 : Beck was a great teacher! Really informative, enthusiastic, and overall awesome. We learned a lot through lecture and videos.
4.5 : she was awesome! just put the effort on doing the work and she will grade off of that. I did all my work and got an A. she is a must take class
5.0 : Took professor Brown in Spring 2014. Her lectures are fairly straightforward although she kinda reads off the slides. Her tests are composed of 5 key terms you need to know and an essay question. She gives you everything in advance for the test! You just have to study/memorize, she's very helpful. She even brought us food on the last day!
5.0 : Nice lady. Boring class, she never replied to my emails. Grades pretty easy. You'd have to be a total idiot to fail the class. There are only a few easy papers and a test (essay questions and defining some key terms). She'll provide you with a study guide.
4.0 : She is awesome! Loved this class! She is hilarious and makes lecture interesting! The midterms aren't hard if you study and the same goes for the final. She is kind of a easy grader I got a B but I didn't really study so if you study an A is guaranteed. TAKE THIS CLASS IT IS AMAZING AND Brown is great!
5.0 : She's really good at responding to e-mails quickly and is great at giving feedback for writing essays. She's also really understanding and easy to reach out to. Highly recommend taking a class with her!
5.0 : She's a cool gal and if you talk to her about cool bands (like the Violent Femmes) she'll love you forever. Really nice and funny and made a mandatory class much better than it could have been.
4.0 : I LOVED Ruth! She was probably the best Comm teacher for me. Super nice and definitely an easy class. It was laid back, and made for a really easy time presenting. She worked us into long speeches on our own. A couple group projects, no tests or quizzes. Didn't use the book all that much so don't buy it, just share or check it out.
5.0 : Such an easy and fun class. I ended up with 100%. If you put in the effort, you will get the grade. Ruth is a fun and an easy grader when it comes to speeches as long as you try.
4.5 : Super easy class, barely any HW besides presentations. I think there was about 5-6 presentations but prompts are insanely easy. She is so loving and caring for her students, will miss her! If you don't like public speaking, don't take her! She takes roll by making u present lollll
5.0 : Ruth is an amazing and caring professor. She's makes the course fun and is clear on what she expects from her students. There is barely any home work and the work she does assign is really easy. She gives really helpful feedback and fills a lot of class time telling interesting stories about her life, so that's a plus.
5.0 : You want to learn how to talk in front of a group of people staring at you, this is the class. You will talk, listen, talk, and listen. It was a fun class and so many activities and stories. Just talk amd listen and you will pass with an A
5.0 : If you hate public speaking like me, TAKE HER. She made the class feel comfortable with each other and is VERY supportive especially to students who are scared. Had to speak in class almost every day, 5 speeches in total and 3 are the main ones. No show up no grade. I'm MORE confident about speaking in public now thanks to her. You MUST take her!!
5.0 : Ruth is the most sweetest, kind person ever. Entering her class, I was so nervous about public speaking, but after her class I felt really confident due to all the times she made us present, which was about 5-7 times. She's so awesome and probably one of the best communication teachers out there! Definitely recommend taking her!
5.0 : She assigns reading, but if the class doesn't text during speeches, then she doesn't test you on it (I didn't read a single page from the book- don't buy it). She assigns speeches that are shorter than other teachers. If you just do the outlines and speeches on time, you'll get an easy A.
3.5 : Ruth has a great heart, and she has passion for teaching. However, the course was really unorganized. The first few weeks, I did not learn anything. The students do most of the teaching - every week we are given an article/chapter to present to class. Definitely an Easy A, and no Final Exam! She was too nice to us!
5.0 : Ruth is an awesome professor! She really helps if you have any questions. She doesn't give many assignments but that means that the ones she does give are worth a lot. A majority of the projects are group though.
3.0 : Pay close attention and turn in assignments on time. She knows what she is talking about, so pay attention to feed back.
5.0 : Ruth is both a great professor and an all around great person. Public speaking terrifies me, but the class environment was very friendly and everyone who showed up and tried their best did fine. After final speeches were over, we had potlucks and played games for the rest of the class. If every professor were like Ruth, college would be a breeze.
3.5 : Prof Gildea is  a passionate instructor who really helps students learn to open open. To be frank, we did not learn much the first month of class, we did go over some topics, but the students did the teaching and storytelling. She was there for guidance, which was nice. Take this class, a very easy class, just show up and have fun speaking!
4.5 : Ruth is an easy prof. I barely go to her class and I have an A. Want an easy class  TAKE HER CLASS.
4.0 : If you are extremely scare of public speaking just as me! YOU MUST TAKE HER! I ended up liking this class so much (except for the speaking part) but she just makes the class so fun and makes you feel sure about yourself. Take her you wont regret it :)
4.5 : Loved this class!!! As long as you get up there, and give some sort of speech with decent eye contact, you will ace this class. Super funny and got the class to get along perfectly fine. I hated public speaking, but now I am way more confident!
5.0 : Dr. Perea is my favorite college professor so far. I was so inspired by his class that I am considering minoring in American Indian Studies. The big project at the end is the most of the class work, and participation is important. No tests. Dr. Perea is kind, fair, funny and understanding. I would take another class of his in an instant.
5.0 : He is extremely helpful and really cares about American Indian Studies. If you have no interest in American Indian Studies and are only trying to get credit for a GE, it's going to change once you have him as a professor. Paying attention in class is hard NOT to do and he gets to know as many students as he can so you feel more involved.
5.0 : He makes classes fun and really easy. The only thing is that the students in that class make many stupid and ignorant comments and he tries to rationalize them because he's really nice. I wish he called them off on it. But otherwise, there is never any homework and he is a really cool guy in general. Great with keeping Ilearn updated.
5.0 : John is the best teacher I have in my first year of college ! Great guy , informal, respectful and very understanding. Id take his class several times over.
5.0 : Dr. Perea is a great teacher and makes the class fun and interesting
5.0 : Perea is a great teacher. He makes sure you will do well and is always there for you. If you take his 300 class, get ready to read for the class where attendance is mandatory. You will be mostly doing group projects but if you get a good group you will do just fine.
4.0 : Professor Perea is very kind. He is very strict with deadlines unless it is an extreme circumstance. The class is not difficult whatsoever and DO NOT buy the books on your own. Share with a friend. You hardly ever use them. You have two big group projects so hopefully you get a good group because your grade counts on it.
5.0 : Dr. Perea is a great professor! He's honestly one of the best professors that I've had at SFSU. He's very passionate about his class which makes it easier to understand and is very helpful if you have any questions.
5.0 : I am not musically inclined and was worried about having to play music in this class but by the end of the semester my fear was gone. Awesome professor who makes the topic interesting, fun, and memorable. Go to class and actually participate/listen and you'll do fine. One of my all time favorite professors at State!
5.0 : Dr. Perea is one of the best professors at SF State. He is passionate about his field and it shows. Classes are engaging and exciting so showing up will be easy. Show up and listen and you will get a good grade. A few short reflections, two listening quizzes, a midterm, and final make up your grade. Participate, ask questions, and you should be ok.
4.0 : No comments
5.0 : The class is hard, but I improve my writing. The teacher is funny and nice and really wants to help you improve. And she's got a nice smile too!!
5.0 : I enjoy this class and learn a lot from her. Prof is so nice and kind. The one thing is she give a lot of homeworks. I recommend this professor. She teach at College of San Mateo now, now SF State.
4.0 : She is an EASY grader and I personally like her a lot because she is NICE and FUNNY. She actually makes this class FUN. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. :)
3.0 : Cathy was energetic! If you asked she helped. Attendance required. Expect to read, write papers &amp; volunteer work. Tough grader sometimes was not sure what she wanted for her papers. Group work was fun! Compelling class! No late assignments no excuses. NO idea how group work was graded or what was the grade.
5.0 : Loved this class! She is engaging and always available if you have questions. She grades ON TIME which I adored about her, and the subject matter is truly interesting. There are weekly assignments, so do not expect an easy A, there is also a research paper and a group project that aren't too bad either.
4.0 : Super nice person and totally into the material. There was no final, but a lot of papers. Make sure you follow her style guide and proof read your work, or you will be hurting! Attendance was 20 percent of the grade.
5.0 : Prof Rath is a high energy, passionate, and cares about her class. A lot of reading materials and essays, so be prepare! Truly enjoyed the class and Prof Rath really wants everyone to engage in group discussions.  No mid-term or final exams, but just participate and submit what is required and you will pass!
5.0 : She is very nice and interesting you will never be bored in her class . She is a very tough grader when it comes to writing papers but if you talk to her she is very understanding and helpful .Attendance is mandatory so if you don't show up it could hurt your grade tremendously doesn't give a lot of home work just a reflection a week and group work
4.5 : Variety of challenging assignments.  Prof was encouraging and supportive. Occasional slide shows provided information about current trends in art and guests discussed what they did with their art degrees. Great Class!!!!
5.0 : She gives good lectures and her notes are very clear, I  did not bought the book and managed to get an A.
5.0 : She is an amazing teacher! All the stuff she puts on the board is fair game for tests and there's not trick question or stuff that she has never covered. ATTENDANCE IS IMPORTANT. No homework, 3 midterms, 1 final, 6 quizzes and she drops the lowest 2. Super easy class!
5.0 : Great professor,she has a great passion for Econ and loves to help out her students.She is just the sweetest and her class is not hard at all.Homework is somewhat similar to exams, plus she has a very generous curve for each exam.
5.0 : Straight forward class. If you pay attention to her lectures &amp; do all the homework, you will sure pass the class with a B or higher :). Her exams are somewhat similar to the homework &amp; examples in class.
5.0 : If you show up to class you will have no problem doing well. She makes it really easy to learn and is always willing to help if you are struggling. Her lectures are interactive which makes it easier to comprehend.
4.0 : She's very straightforward with her course expectations. As long as you attend class, you won't have an issue. A few homework assignments, three exams, and a final. All the information is based on lectures and homework which were concise and easy to understand. Attendance is not mandatory, but you should definitely go.
4.0 : I really loved this teacher. She was very clear and straight forward. If you attend her office hours and do ALL the homework you will get an A.
5.0 : I took her for econ 101 during my freshmen year and recently, for the spring semester, she began teaching intermediate microeconomics. She was quite easy after the first midterm where all you do was to understand the algebra (With some Calc - Basic Partial Diff and Lamda Max/min) and the lectures given per class. DO the HW &amp; Don't buy the textbook!
5.0 : Very clear on what she expects you to know. I learned a lot from her. Only issue is she said the final wasn't cumulative, and it was. Put in effort, go to class, study, and you'll do fine.
4.0 : This professor says the textbook isn't mandatory, but I would buy it as a reference. All the notes she writes on the board and are not online, so be sure to make friends in the class. She is very nice and approachable and curves the tests really well.
3.0 : Great teacher, there to help via office hours if you don't understand a concept. Clearly cares about teaching.
5.0 : She is the best Prof for ECON 111 and ECON 112! Super caring and easy!
4.0 : She is straightforward. Class didn't need to purchase the textbook because she summarized the chapters for us. The lecture notes are all you need to ace the homework and tests. Moreover, she cares, and welcomes students to her office hours.
5.0 : The Best Professor at SFSU. Take the class if you have the chance, great experience, you will love him.  Class breakdown: 1hr 45 min lecture, 45min group presentations, 20min discussions within your designated TAgroup.  No tests, 1 midterm essay, 1 final essay, you can either do a book review, group presentation, interview, ride-along.
5.0 : The best class I've taken so far! I recommend !! There's weekly response papers, you must read the required material or you won't be able to write your weekly paper. I cut and paste my weekly assignments  onto my midterm and received an A! The Final paper is easy as well. There's a CSL project or a presentation to do also. Very easy!
5.0 : Professor Trujillo is an amazing professor!! I highly recommend you take him. The readings are also very interesting! All of the classes are very insightful as well. Do not miss class! They are worth going to! This class motivates you to help your community out!
4.0 : Amazing class and professor. He is really passionate about this subject and overall was an amazing guy. The lectures are long but its worth it. Large class (over 120 students) and on the last day of class he went around to everyone and shook their hand. Outstanding professor.
4.5 : Tati is an awesome teacher who makes class fun. While her lectures are quite long - she attempts to have an interactive class environment and engages in discussions quite often. Groups are HUGE in this class. You will be in groups every day - so get ready to interact. Very interesting class, awesome environment, and great teacher.
5.0 : She's young and extremely intelligent, pretty, and just an all around amazing teacher. The class environment that she creates is inclusive and engaging. The material is really interesting and the amount of things that you will cover is tremendous. Apparently this was her last time teaching the class, but she goes down as one of my best teachers.
5.0 : One of my two favorite professors! She is available for her students, and is so great at what she does. Wish I could take her for every course.
5.0 : Wonderful teacher!!! She reminds me very much of the character Ellie from Contact (if you watched the movie that's Jodie Foster). She has an immense amount of passion for her subject which makes coming to class a joy. She gets my highest recommendation. I came in not caring a bit about astronomy and I leave her class in awe of our universe.
4.5 : Diana is very passionate, and explains things fairly clearly. All lectures are posted online. Study guide questions come straight from powerpoints, so attendance is not necessary to get a good grade. This lady cares and wants her students to learn about the universe. She's British! Expect classmates to giggle at pronunciations early on in semester.
3.5 : She is really into her job, which makes her great as a teacher. If you stay for the whole class she gives you extra credit, if not then thats still fine. The study guides are like the test, so do the study guides.  DO the online homework, because they are most of you grade. She gives you a week to do them. Only 3 test and the final the semester
5.0 : She is a real person and understands that people have lives outside of the classroom, she is willing to work with you. Lectures are long, almost never lets the class out early but she makes them interesting! Only three test and a final, and she gives a good study guide for the tests which if you actually do, you will pass.
2.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! Arrogant and condescending. Only class I would ever recommend not doing the readings for because the readings are 200+ pages of online reading per week, not including what he wants you to borrow from the library. It's interesting but not worth suffering through an entire semester for. No breaks in lecture. Group project.
4.0 : no textbook. take it with him! dont really need to go to the lectures. midterm was tough but you have one week to do it. its a paper. weekly assignments which is a 200 word summary from last weeks lecture. final is a group paper and presentation which is do able. take it if you have a lot of classes. does not require a lot of work. HE IS GREAT :)
4.5 : Loved this class Allen is such a great professor! He's funny and the assignments are not that bad he makes the class feel comfortable so when you have to present you don't  feel uncomfortable! I never missed a day because class was so great! Definitely recommend
4.0 : Wants to connect with his students. Mostly discussion about issues. Very liberal. Encouraging.  A little lax and let a difficult student take control of class for awhile. Was uncomfortable first few weeks. But got control and things were good after.  Easiest GWAR ever. 1 paper and group presentation. Chill about deadlines.
5.0 : Allan is AMAZING! He is super funny, friendly and nice. He is very helpful and non judgmental and really teaches you about communication. The class gets really personal and it's a great learning experience. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
5.0 : One of, if not, the most caring teachers I have ever had. As long as you come to class and complete the occasional homework assignments you should get an A. Great person in general as well and ALWAYS willing to lend a helping hand or be someone to talk to whether about class or about anything going on in your life.
5.0 : I loved Allen when I took him last semester. As long as you show up and do every in class speech, you get an A. If you're nervous speaking in front of people like me, he'll make sure everyone is comfortable and reminds each and every one of us we're all in the same predicament . Highly recommend him if you have to take this course.
5.0 : Allen is easily in my top three of favorite profs. I've taken two classes with him and I can honestly say it was the most fun I've ever had in college. He encourages you to be creative and put yourself out there. I've done solo performances, group performances, hell, I even sang karaoke in one of his classes. Plus his shoe game is on point!
5.0 : Allen is easily one of the best instructors in the COMM department. He inspires his students to think critically about everything discussed in class. He has a great way of bringing out the best in his students, in terms of work, because he believes in the potential of each and every one of his students. He is also super funny and loves animals :)
5.0 : I feel like I started talking a lot more after taking Allen's class. Surprisingly, I feel like I have an easier time interacting with other people (important social emotional skill, you can't get out of a textbook). Good teacher! Important experience. I am glad I took this class.
5.0 : Intro to oral interp was one of the best classes I've ever taken. Our class was so comfortable with one another and we really created a safe space to come to twice a week. Allen gave us some great assignments and challenges and we faced them together as a class. He is inspirational, creative and pushes us to be better all the time. Would take again
5.0 : Allen is a sweetheart! Highly recommend taking him even if you hate public speaking. He really pushes you out of your shell and makes you more comfortable to public speak throughout the semester. He is really funny and each class was relaxed and you can be open about anything! Also, we never really used the textbook so don't worry about buying it.
5.0 : Super helpful, fun, and we didn't do much during his class. We usually listened to his lecture, had a fun group discussion, and just chilled til the end of class.
5.0 : I absolutely adore Allen. He is hilarious, inspiring, encouraging, and gives the best feedback. He is easily my favorite professor int he COMM department. I wish I had taken him before my last semester because I would've taken as many class as I could with him. He will encourage you to go above and beyond. He's honestly just the sweetest.
5.0 : Difficult class taught by a passionate teacher.  This was a summer course and I was not anticipating how difficult it would be. Seemed to really care about how much his students retained. The course is very well-laid out and it was taught in a surprisingly straight-forward way. Homeworks were the key to doing well in the class. Recommend!
5.0 : This class was great. I recommend taking a class with Prof. Nguyen. She has a lot of energy. Be sure to come to class on time. She calls roll right at the beginning of class and then starts the class right away. There are a lot of activities so that you don't get bored. The quizzes are easy and she gives you the possible questions ahead of time.
5.0 : Definitely not a hard class unless you just don`t know how to keep up with the workload that she gives you. Although the work is rigorous, the questions are not hard and she is an easy grader in speeches. You can use cheat sheets for tests. Take her.
5.0 : Do all of the extra credit early on and you can coast through the last month of class. Four speeches that are graded easily. Cheat sheets for every test. Super clear and repeats important info. Attending every class isn't required but recommended. Come with a positive attitude.
4.5 : You have to stay on top of your reading/online posting for this class, and Goodwin is a very intense grader (I'm a 4.0 student and one of his assignments is the only one I ever got a B on), but if you listen and make an effort his very accommodating and you def learn a lot in his class.
3.5 : You will learn many things about death and dying in this class. I think it should be mandatory. At first, I thought it would be very depressing, but I am now much more comfortable with the idea of death and dying and also talking about death and dying.
5.0 : Super easy! 3 exams, 2 major presentations, 1 personal reflection paper that is up to 15 pgs long, and a bunch of small presentations. You really get to know your group, since you sit around and discuss things a lot. It can be boring, but her class is easy compared to other profs...I suggest taking her class.
1.0 : Professor claimed to "not be very picky" about outline, but gave me a c on a speech for having a different font and leaving out the roman numerals. i found this class useless but several of my classmates seem to enjoy it.
5.0 : He's a great teacher! As long as you do your work, your grade should be fine! He gives examples of the outline for the speeches. Follow the outline and you'll do fine! He's pretty chill about anything and made speaking in front of the class not bad at all. Take him!
5.0 : Erik is one of the most chill teachers I've ever had. He had a few online quizzes which are really easy if you get a group together and work on it after class in the library. He is so funny and the class goes my really fast. We do fun activities and we barely take notes. Speeches are relatively easy if you just follow the outline. Take this class!
5.0 : You can just feel Erik loves teaching this class. He is well prepared, organized, and very motivating. I was nervous about taking this class, but he made me feel right at home. He gives an outline for every speech you do, and as long as you follow it, you'll be fine. Just don't forget your citations!
4.0 : TAKE HIM. Such a good professor, really knows what he is talking about and goes the extra mile to help out his students. I had him for COMM 150 and although I went in as pretty confident public speaker, I left that class a much better one. Gives great feedback and you can really gain a lot out of it if you really put in the effort.
5.0 : Very good teacher, especially for a difficult topic like linguistics. Very friendly, really wants her students to succeed. There is a bit of workload but it is very manageable and helps you be prepared. Fair grader.
5.0 : She's the best! I am not a linguistics person, I took this class as a segment 3 and it was extremely easy! I actually learned a lot and she made every topic interesting. She has ppt slides and records lectures and posts both online. You don't even need the book because she explains everything in a way that makes it stick. 5 exams, Drops lowest one and 2 papers that are easy because she grades them credit/no credit so as long as you know how to write simple sentences your fine.TAKE HER!
4.0 : 4 exams, with one dropped, and two 5 page research papers. Attendance is taken. TA office hours are a godsend for helping with the research papers. Gives a review sheet for the exam. Assigns reading and daily HW that are not graded, but recommended. It was harder than your usual GE class, but nothing crazy. No extra credit.
5.0 : Took this as an English Lit major to fulfill the linguistics requirement. Was quite daunted by the material at first (so new and so many technical terms), but everything started to come together and make sense. Lederer's a good professor: she's clear, knows her stuff, nice, encourages students, and responds to emails FAST. Interesting subject, too.
5.0 : Great class. I'm a nerd, yes, but linguistics is the best thing ever tbh. She is super knowledgeable and a great way to get exposure into the fascinating world of language. Take her if you need this class or want to love linguistics. 4 tests and 2 papers. She said if you dont do the hmwk you wont pass but just pay attention in class&amp; youll be fine.
5.0 : It was definitely one of the hardest classes I have taken but she is such an amazing professor and person. There are 4 exams that you get a very detailed study guide for and the 2 projects were not easy and extremely time consuming. It was a demanding class but if you have time take it.
5.0 : Professor Lederer is awesome!!!!! I hope I can take more classes from her. Basically, as you follow every course and do not skip the class, you'll be fine for the tests:).
5.0 : Jim Toland painted a clear picture of the profession and pulled no punches about the industry. He equipped me with the skills I needed to be a solid writer. His knowledge, wisdom, guidance and humor made journalism a realistic career choice for me.
5.0 : Toland is a great teacher. He is very approachable, yet a little intimidating. He is extremely helpful and his class followed the syllabus perfectly. You'll learn a lot in this class if Toland is the teacher. 10/10 would recommend
5.0 : Ahhh I took him four years ago for my first english/college class.. I loved him and I still do. I've taken many english classes and I still think about how awesome he was. He made you feel good about your writing and encouraged you to dig deeper than you ever thought you could. Great inspirational teacher.  TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN. &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
5.0 : If you're taking physio lab, I would definitely recommend Lopez. He makes sure that you understand everything before leaving class. He also incorporates different ways to learn by using videos, slides, and group discussions. He also takes a great amount of timing helping you out if you go to his office hours or open lab.
5.0 : I took this class a year ago and dropped cause it was BORING!  This guy is awesome!  The semester just started and he is making it more interesting with his funny stories and the videos he posts on the facebook page. Definitely making biology more interesting...I'm actually learning :)
4.0 : I love Xavier! He is probably one of my favorite professors. I have never been particularly good at biology or doing labs but his easy going personality will never make you feel stupid or nervous. If you ever need help, he never has a problem with assisting you. He's hilarious, kind, personable, and loves to listen to Madonna during labs.
5.0 : I'm not in any of Xavier's classes, but I did sit-in (to make up a lab) a few weeks ago. My experience in his lab class was VERY DIFFERENT from my section.  His students were laughing, engaged, and seemed to enjoy being in the classroom.  It felt like I was learning biology from a friend. I feel somewhat cheated, I wish I was his student.
5.0 : Xavier is pure awesomeness!!!! If you're not a biology major and need this class, take it with him!  He is always smiling and is very approachable, I think he has a gift in teaching to students. Even though, I'm not a biology major I found soo much of the material interesting.  His use of Bon Qui Qui as examples are Hilarious!
5.0 : Truly an inspiring individual.  Everything from his teaching methods to his personality went perfectly with my learning style.  Xavier goes beyond what is expected as an instructor and its bittersweet 'cause I had an amazing time and I realize that very few instructors are like him.  Highly recommend taking his course if you're a visual learner.
5.0 : Professor Lopez is basically a happy-go-lucky type of guy who wears expensive jeans.  Lopez uses non-convential approaches to teach physiology. Lots of group discussions, assessments and has a course facebook page which is extremely helpful.  Exams can be changeling but I felt prepared 'cause he provides numerous ways to present the material.
5.0 : Xavier is the man!  His use of every day examples and his comedic attitude definitely made the material more understandable. Wish he would teach the lecture part 'cause his enthusiasm and examples made the material interesting. As a kin major looking forward to taking him for Physio.
5.0 : All previous ratings are pretty accurate, Xavier is just a really nice guy.  Overall, he really provides a welcoming and comfortable learning environment. Participation is encouraged and when lecturing stops to clarify confusions, ask index card questions, or has us talk in groups. Xavier also actively encourages female participation.
5.0 : To many PROS for this professor to list. Mr. Lopez is very good at what he does and he is an awesome professor, he knows his biology and most importantly he knows how to teach and communicate with students perfectly.  Have your Shazam ready because he plays the coolest music.
4.5 : I loved him! Lectures are interesting, and he's funny. He gives clear instructions for Lab, and is always there to answer questions or to help you. Few quizzes, exams are not as hard if you study. For the final, he usually gives a review day (out of class). Go to that review because everything in that review will be in final (Literally).
3.5 : Sometimes it was hard to follow his lectures, he has a tendency to ramble. But it is really clear that he cares about the subject and he's just  a really nice person. I definitely recommend him as a professor.
4.0 : Charlie's great. Highly recommended.
4.0 : I took Charlie for Discovery during the summer.  The only assignment I found superfluous and ridiculous was a 10-minute memorized presentation.  Charlie's a nice guy, but his grading is very, very subjective.  I should have had a solid A rather than an A-.  This was my only A- in the whole program, so I thank him for tarnishing my record.
5.0 : I've had Dr. Tate for multiple graduate-level classes now. She's one of my favorite professors because she's very organized, listens carefully to student's questions, always has a great answer (or at the least, where we might find it), and is detailed overall.
3.5 : Dr. Tate is one of the most entertaining professors I have ever had throughout college. She jokes around constantly, even if they are REALLY corny. She uses power-points during lecture so it can get really, really boring. Attendance was not mandatory and there were only three tests and 4 various assignments. I would definitely take her again!
5.0 : Tate was really knowledgable and a great teacher. I didn't go to class too often but lectures were interesting. There were 4 exams (non-cumulative) 4 assignments, and 2 group discussions. Definitely an easy class if you do the work. Super interesting material though it does have a strong focus on physiology and research methods.
1.0 : Took her COM-100 class at GCU and is probably the worst teacher at this school. Would not recommend at all
5.0 : Really makes sure you understand everything and that you have a good semester. I feel like she's a friend now.
5.0 : Love Ashley. This is one of the classes that I looked forward to going. She makes class very fun and engaging. Definitely recommend taking her, but I heard it's her last semester.
4.0 : Very clear and informative.  Come to the lectures because your notes will be really helpful in studying for the tests.  The tests ask fair questions and a lot of what you need to know is on the study guide.  I would recommend.
5.0 : There are quizzes at the beginning of every class. He will help you with anything you ask for, even from the lecture portion of this class. The lab is not that easy of a class, but Professor Yee made it much easier. You are able to use your lab notebook for his final, which makes it so much easier than it would have been. Quizzes are based on labs.
5.0 : Awesomeness inside out. Gazillion of starts to her heart, mind, and looks. Very interesting class. Love this professor!
4.0 : Great class, well taught. Sara made the class very interesting and fun. I really enjoyed it.
3.0 : Took his evening class, but it went by fairly fast considering it was a 3 hour class. Super nice and gives back feedback right after you present your speech in front of the class. If you follow his speech format, then you'll do fine. We didn't use the textbook in our class and we also never had any tests or quizzes.
5.0 : Linzer is a cool guy who definitely wants to see his students improve and succeed. Easy class as long as you are willing to put in the effort. No tests, just speeches. DO NOT BUY THE TEXTBOOK! Attendance is mandatory, participation is not. Take him!
5.0 : the BEST TEACHER (even that I'm just a freshmen)!!! Honestly I received a D for my first speech because I was shy, shaking and reading off of my notes. Once I follow his advise I got an A-! His instructions were super clear, super organized and fun to chat with. He's defiantly helpful! If he remembers you, he'll wave you "hi!" around campus haha!
5.0 : Well at first he seemed very intimidating, but overtime he becomes much more open, and nice. As a teacher he is super nice, clear and to the point, and really just wants you to always try your best and improve. Don't be scared to ask for help, or approach him. His class, basically involves speeches, and small lectures. Definitely a great teacher!!!
4.0 : This class was SUPER easy and I'm glad I took it with Ben. Not a single test and we barely ever cracked the book open, (don't buy it). Also, 4 or 5 speeches all semester and he gives you specific and clear details for the outline he wants. You should take him!
4.0 : Fantastic teacher. He really as you to do well. You don't need to get the book cause he gives lectures on the chapters he wants you to know. I was lucky and didn't have a midterm or a written final. There are 4 speeches, just listen to his feedback and you'll get an A. Make sure to attend ALL classes, he's really stickler on that.
1.0 : Expects too much, lectures in mediocre fashion.
3.5 : I love Ben! He is a super nice guy, expects a lot from you but is willing to help you get there. Have to go to class, but he makes it bearable and enjoyable. Probably one of the better comm teachers. Don't take if you aren't willing to try.
5.0 : Ben was a great teacher. Really kind, pushed you to do your best and taught you how to communicate well. I really enjoyed his assignments and how our class really got to know each other. Plus he's really hot. He's adorable.
5.0 : Linzer is awesome! Makes class fun and interesting. There's no tests or anything. Don't need to buy the textbook. Attendance is mandatory. We only did 4 speeches the whole semester. Super easy to talk to, definitely go to his office hours for help.
3.5 : He appears as a jerk, expects a lot from the speeches, but as long as you follow his guideline, you'll be fine. Overall, it was a pretty easy class. his teaching is clear, and as long as you show up, you'll be good.
2.0 : His class is structured in a uniform fashion and you are required to follow it. If you fear public speaking or have trouble with it, he is not the professor for you. If you have a fear of public speaking his advice is get over it. He will fail you with no remorse.
4.5 : My favorite professor this semester. Professor Linzer isn't your typical speech instructor. He's extremely intelligent. You will learn so much from him. Also,  he wants his students to succeed. Take his feedback and you will do well. Also, I had his 3hour night class. He made the time fly by! TAKE Prof. Linzer!!!! You won't regret it.
4.0 : He's awesome. Speeches all semester. Don't use book a lot. Not many tests or quizzes. Funny. Makes the class fun. Sometimes gets behind on the schedule he has.
5.0 : Really helps get over your fear of public speaking.
4.5 : BEN! I honestly love this guy to death.  he seems like an ass at first but you just have to get used to his sense of humor. 4 speeches over the semester and they are straight forward. would love to take another one of his classes
5.0 : He's a good funny dude. I took the 3 hour night class and it wasn't painful at all, my class had a lot of fun! also, yes you can get away without reading the mandatory book. you're graded on speeches mostly so bring your A game with public speaking. That's the main difficulty. really pleasant environment and I learned a bunch!
4.0 : LOVE his class take him!!! highly recommend, he's outgoing funny makes the time fly and gives great feedback
4.5 : Going into this class I thought I wouldn't do well due to the fact that I'm extremely shy and do not like speaking in front of people but Linzer made the classroom extremely comfortable and easy to present in. He's super spunky and funny and weird. Would def take again.
3.0 : If you can get down his organization pattern for the speeches then you'll be good. He's great at giving feedback and there aren't many quizzestests. I shouldn't even have bought the book because we hardly used it.
2.0 : Spent more time talking about his start-up company than actually teaching; which would be helpful if I was in a Business class and not a Communications class. Two group presentations for entire semester, rarely lectures, and doesn't use iLearn, which causes confusion on directions. Don't waste your money on the book because you barely use it twice.
4.5 : Such an amazing professor! Even though he assigns a lot of writing and he is a tough grader, he gives you many chances to re-write everything. He also gives great feedback and is always available to help! I would definitely recommend his class!!
5.0 : Prof. Ron is one of the best teachers I have ever had. He works with you and makes if easy to improve your writing. For this class all we had to do was weekly blog posts that had to relate to your major. A very fair grader. He is one of the most inspirational people I know. I will take the things he taught me throughout my life.
4.5 : This class was great! There was a lot of writing assignments but he has you choose a topic that interests you. He is a pretty tough grader on the papers and blog posts, but he gives you great feedback and lots of opportunities to revise and improve your grade. Taking this class really took my writing to the next level.
5.0 : Amazing
5.0 : Professor Ron is a great teacher. He has a very clear grading criteria. Going to his office hours was very useful and helpful. There are several long paper due online, but he gives a lot of chances to review them and help raise your grade. If you are willing to show up to class, doing the classwork and homework, then you will get a good grade.
4.5 : He really cares about his students and their success in the class. Gives you every opportunity to get your grade up and he's very helpful.
5.0 : Great class. While there is a lot of writing involved with this class, the professor assigns work based on the students passion and interests which makes the work engaging. The professor also makes himself very available for questions and concerns through email, after class, and office hours.
5.0 : He was awesome. He is strict on deadlines and what he wants in posts but we have so much peer review so it is hard to get a bad grade on something! He is not a harsh grader but he does expect a lot out of his students. His feedback is so in depth and genuinely helpful. Take him!
4.0 : Great professor! Easy to talk to, and he's helpful. Tough grader but gives time to improve your writing to resubmit. Gives you a lot of topics to choose from so you can write about what you're interested in. I took him for Eng 114&amp;214 and got A in both. Definitely a prof. that you'd want to keep in touch.
2.0 : SO MUCH reading! Tough grader, strict deadlines, time suck!! Might look like an easy class but it's very demanding. She's also a terrible grader and doesn't like opposing opinions... Don't take this class if you have any other options.
4.5 : Her class isn't hard if you put the effort in it. It's not that hard to pay attention since the topics she talks about open your eyes to new things. Really liked this class! Tests are kind of hard because its not just multiple choice, you have to circle everything that applies, if any and a few short responses answers plus  1-2 page essay.
3.5 : Incredibly intelligent and definitely knows her stuff in regards to the subject. It can  lengthy and a bit work-heavy,but  I came out feeling like I learned a lot and wanted to make a difference. A lot of reading and weekly homework, but all interesting topics. Encourages discussion and will always explain more in depth if asked!
4.0 : Only 4 response papers and midterm and final, good idea to show up but you don't need to. She has you buy textbooks from the bookstore then sells you her course reader. All you need is the course reader. She's super cool and pretty easy, she wants you to pass.
5.0 : She is a very caring and understanding professor. She puts in 10% more than you will, always there to help and understand. However, it is not an easy class for an A. Not sure if she's trying to prove that. A midterm of 5 essays, takes full 3 hours. A final of the same length AND an 8 page research paper. Reading each class, it isn't easy.
2.0 : If you like being treated like a 3rd grader this is the class for you! You cannot use any technology during the class and all classes are mandatory. She gives easy assignments but will screw you over for points on most assignments.
4.5 : Definitely take this class! Amy has a passion for what she teaches and she is always willing to help. This class will definitely open up a lot of truth and although sometimes the subject get really sensitive... You don't leave that room with out wanting to make a change or wonder why high school didn't teach this material.
1.0 : The vast majority of the quizzes and assignments are all written and very detail oriented. She provides no length minimum or maximum yet maintains high standards. I am an A average student and found this course to be ridiculous in terms of work load. Basically, expect to be writing the equivalent of two 5 paragraph papers a week on average.
5.0 : I loved this class! The only GE class I've actually wanted to attend. I've learned so much and I now understand a lot. Midterm is long and so is the final but they're easy. Take this class!
1.5 : Grading  does not reflect students hard work.
2.0 : I took this class online and she literally will give you 4-5 homework assignments in a week. This is NOT the class for an easy A, you have to work hard for it! Lots of reading! Let me repeat that, LOTS of reading. You will spend a lot of time and effort into this class, take a quiz (almost twice a week most of the time) and its multiple choice.
5.0 : I thoroughly enjoyed Professor Casselman's classes - I have taken 2; History of Native Americans and Native American Indians in Contemporary Society. I experienced her as very mindful and respectful of the subject and content of the classes as well as her students. She is very fair and flexible and approachable. Highly recommend.
5.0 : This is by far the best class I've taken so far and I'm hungry for more! Amy was really good at keeping the information in terms we can all understand and I loved learning the real truth behind what America has done to natives. Sad the class is over, definitely recommend! Going to class is very beneficial and so many extra credit opportunities.
5.0 : This class is very easy. Amy makes it interesting to learn and she explains well. she is very passionate about what teaches and I would definitely recommend her. Only took two tests, both online; however, you will not pass if you do not study her lectures/slides online. And there is no homework
4.5 : Amy is amazing. She is truly passionate about her teaching. She made learning American Indian Studies ten times more intriguing than expected. She does not assign a lot of homework. Only 3 short essays, midterm and final. I have never been much of a history fan, however, she made me want to learn in this class.
3.0 : Nina is very sweet and dedicated to mathematics. She tries her best to help students really understand the material but sometimes her love for the subject ends up more confusing than helpful. She will definitely go out of her way to help you pass and understand though, just make sure to do the HW which is worth more than the final!
2.0 : Skip problems steps
5.0 : She really cares about her students so if you're having trouble, go to office hours. As long as you do your homework and take notes in class you will pass. All her quizzes are based on the homework so they are supper easy. No calculator required. Loved her.
5.0 : Sylvia is such a GREAT professor. She always listens to me when I have questions and not afraid to give me some special one on one treatment. Sylvia is the best!!!!
5.0 : He's a funny prof and is very experienced so he can answer almost any question about the engineering industry. Show up to class and do all the homework and it's an easy A.
5.0 : Amazing teacher!! He is so smart and knowledgeable about engineering. He shares his personal life with us a lot and it helps you to relate to him and have hope for being a future engineer. NO BOOK! Homework is SUPER easy and the final is only a group power point. And NO midterm!!
5.0 : Great guy, tells it as it is. Easy class, just show up for 50 minutes a day. Group project final, its just a powerpoint. Easy peasy my favorite professor personality-wise at state.
5.0 : He is clear and funny , if you attend to classes you should be fine .
5.0 : Once a week hour long lecture. He obviously knows his stuff since he's been a professional CE for decades. Lectures are very informative and often pretty funny. Homework is weekly and there's a group project at the end, but it's all super easy. Show up, pay attention, do the homework, and it's an easy A.
4.0 : He is a super nice guy. He is very helpful because he is an active engineer and works all week except Fridays, which is when he teaches this class. He is funny and knows a lot about engineering. He is clear on what is expected of engineers and about ethics on how you should act in the workplace and such. He also has guest speakers.
5.0 : staright A hes great
5.0 : Super chill professor. ENGR100 was only once a week for me for one hour and honestly, It is a really easy A as long as you attend class.
4.5 : Assumes his students have no other classes. Multiple papers, group project due every week. By the end of the semester you will have every student's number with all the group projects. Miss one class, miss a lot. Final: 15pg single space. Give up your social life.A massive workload, but you learn so much on how to survive in the professional world.
1.0 : Lots of homework: presentation. Tough grader. Don't show up, takes away 10% of your grade. Read book yourself. Rewrite each paper. Final paper was about 10 to 12 pages (1 spaced business report) (20-24 pages 2 spacing). 30 days to finish this + other presentation. Not friendly. Dictator. No previous business experience.
4.0 : Professor Deare is very good teacher. He is clear and is genuinely concerned about your education. He does assign a good amount of writing. The first half of the semester is very important, but the business proposal project is a little drawn out and monotonous. Expect to write a substantial amount but he will definitely help you along the way
4.5 : Do you want an Easy A? This is not the class for you. Maybe you want a class that won't add to a stressful last semester? Nope, not the class for you. This class has a ton of busy work, and if you have the time, great! I got an A in the class, but those weekly essays.... Not to mention the 15pg SINGLE spaced paper due during last week of school
5.0 : Tough class but in a good way. He expects you to act professionally and communicate like an adult. Office hours were a great way to get feed back, but emailing him could be a challenge. Overall, I say take him if you really want to learn and get better. Otherwise there are probably easier profs out there.
5.0 : A challenging teacher in the best way ever. Professor Deare understand his students and really teaches them in an effective way. Lots of homework, but if you make an effort, you will survive. Nice guy, very understanding, CLEAR grading criteria. Good class for those who hate public speaking (only one speech). Take him, you'll learn a lot!
5.0 : English is my second language, and I think professor Deare is a very helpful teacher. Also he is fair on grading, if you make an effort, you will own a better grade. Even though he assigns homework every week, I very enjoy come to his class because I learned a lot during the whole semester. If you are ready to learn, I strong recommend him.
5.0 : He keeps it real and tell it like it is. If you do your work and come to class, I think you'll be fine. If you ignore all of his advice about balancing your schedule and expect him to feel sorry for you when deadlines approach, you're in for a rough road. I thought it was a great class and learned quite a bit.
5.0 : Everything he teaches is very informative and useful.  He's fair and objective.  When he notices a pattern of student weaknesses in writing, he adds them to the lectures.  Everything that he's taught has been very useful and very immediately useful.  I highly recommend.
1.0 : I've learn nothing in his class. Besides, he's a really tough grader. Don't take his class for your own good! His comment of essay sometimes doesn't make any sense. More importantly, you will never recognize  his hand writing!
2.0 : Quite funny at class. But you get really low grade even you work extremely hard. Stay away from him if you want to get an A. You probably need to study exhaustedly to get a B. By the way his handwriting is awful...
5.0 : I'm glad I took his class, he is very reasonable and understanding.  This is an ENGLISH CLASS, so prepare yourself for writing a lot of papers. I like his teaching style, and I learned a lot from his class. (Take his class if you are not lazy and willing to learn something ). Ps: I am an ESL student and I don't think he is a tough grader at all.
5.0 : He's a clear explain-er, a clear grader, and all his coursework is relevant to your life.  While it's a lot of work and it stretches your abilities, he really helps you grow into a better version of yourself.  Highly recommended.  Just keep in mind that there's a lot of homework every week.
5.0 : He's a great professor. Going into this class, I was very intimidated by the amount of work that had to be done and I seriously thought about dropping it. However, KEEP GOING! He breaks down the work in a way that is do-able. It's still a lot of work, but very do-able! He is very approachable and his grading criteria is very clear. Do work, get A.
5.0 : Mr Deare is the sweetest guy ever. Office hours FTW
4.5 : You will write a lot in this class but don't let that discourage you from taking this class. He is lenient grader and is reasonable with his due dates. Prof is friendly and teaches this class really well. The only test was a midterm and he goes over what is in it the week before so be sure to study up. Easy to get an A if you put some effort.
4.5 : Really nice and helpful, and if you  actually try, go to class, and care about your grade, you'll survive. He runs his class like a professional environment, so don't be late to class and don't expect him to accept late work, although if you go to his office hours and are honest he's understanding. Intimidating at first, but he's actually helpful.
4.0 : Regardless of the Prof. you take, BUS300 is a course with a bunch of pointless busywork (high school english mechanics)  combined with useful assignments (resume/coverletter/research/memo). Deare has a great way of balancing all the assignments, but the workload is still heavy. If you can finish all the work in time, this class is an easy A.
5.0 : This class was the only class that I'd look forward in the morning. As a freshmen, I thought that I wouldn't be ready for this course but man, she's hilarious and super caring. Homework? Barely any. Her lectures are very fun and most of them relate to the world today. She always bring laughter to the class, it's truly an amazing class.
5.0 : Fantastic teacher. REALLY engaged. The material was interesting. So sad I won't get to take more classes from her--she's not at SF anymore and that's too bad for all other Comm students. Make sure you don't say anything discriminatory, though; she will call you out on it in the middle of class to make you think. Not the class for you if you can't.
1.5 : Yeah she's a great, easy teacher  and all. But she's the worst if you want to try and make up a test or anything like that.
4.0 : Don't call her professor, Miranda is really chill.  She's super personable &amp; funny when lecturing!  If u love small dogs, she brings adore each class.  She kept the class interested 99% of the time.  I found it hard to contact her though.  4 or 5 speeches and mostly politically prompted, and a few short 1 page papers.  She offers extra credit.
5.0 : Olzman's class is the only class I look forward to and I'm not even a COMM major. She challenges you to become a better speaker and performer. You will dive into your identity. You must come to class and she is easily approachable to speak about anything. Highly empathetic, hilarious, and one of the best professors I've ever taken. Highly recommend
1.0 : Never gave assignments back on time. Never gave assignment rubrics when she said she would. All her class is is busy work and her talking about herself. She never answers emails so don't expect to get any advice from her about grades, projects or clarificiation on anything. AVOID AT ALL COSTS
1.0 : The worst professor I've ever taken. Talks about herself, and is kind of rude to students. Forgets everything, sends assignment instructions out late, but still expects them to be due on their normal due dates. Doesn't teach anything. Don't take a class with her, ever.
5.0 : Miranda is so incredible. I've had her for COMM 553/503, and she brings a really unique perspective and style to her classes. Her assignments can range in difficulty, but they're meant to challenge you, and she's very willing to help. She does lag a little with giving grades, but her feedback is excellent. I absolutely recommend her!
4.0 : Olzman is a relatively new and still figuring themselves out. There are ups and downs, but they clearly care deeply about teaching. Listening during class time also does wonders, so those who rely on everything being posted for their convenience should take note. Ultimately she's a good professor. Take the time to communicate and engage.
5.0 : Prof. Olzman is an amazing professor. She is passionate about teaching and it shows. Also, go see her during office hours. She appreciates out -of-class participation. She's great one-on-one too. I got so much help on my speeches and helped with my grade.
5.0 : As an online course, she makes her expectations very clear. Each week there are a set of lectures, followed by an activity (hw), and forum participation. She posts most of the lectures ahead of time so if you want, you can go ahead and do them all in one week haha. Overall, the course is easy, and her lectures are interesting. She's very nice!
5.0 : If you're taking a heavy load, TAKE THIS CLASS! You only have to devote 20 min a week to a discussion forum. The weekly worksheets are due mid-semester (6 assignments) and the next 6 are due at the end of the semester. Drops 2 from each. Don't have to listen to lectures just answer questions off the slides. DO THE STUDY EXAM! You'll appreciate it!
2.0 : Big mistake taking this class online. My friend took the same class on campus and had a 100% better experience. Boring waste of time class and much more work than expected.
4.0 : Great course to take if you're not really great at science! She explains everything clearly and gives you plenty of time to finish the week's work, would definitely take again!
2.5 : I only took the lab with Professor James, as I took the lecture the previous semester with a different professor.  Though her class is easy, she is virtually useless as a professor.  The labs are boring, repetitive busywork going over the same box of 30 rocks and tedious once-then-never-again online simulations.  TLDR: Easy A, but NO stimulation.
5.0 : I took her online class, and it was very easy and straightforward. Weekly assignments, forum participation, one midterm, and one final. She gives great feedback on your work, and really wants you to pass the class with a good grade. Recommended!
4.0 : A good teacher, lectures were clear and informational. I learned a lot from her lectures, even without reading the textbook. Just do well on her 1 per week assignments and you'll do well. She makes super helpful study guides for the midterm and final.
5.0 : This class is super interesting and well organized (Forum 20%, Answer Qs 50%, a midterm and a final 30%). As long as you do the work + practice exams, you'll be fine. Trust me, TAKE THIS CLASS. I learned a lot throughout the course even though I suck at science. she's an easy grader. THE Best class ever &amp; Looking forward to take her class again! :)
3.5 : This class consist of watching weekly lectures and completing weekly quizzes. There is also a midterm and a final, but the thing is she gives you a sample midterm and sample final before the actual exams which are exactly, word for word, the same test. So make sure you know how to do the sample exams she gives out and you should be fine. Easy A!
5.0 : Bridget is a great professor. Homework and forum posts every week but if you can't finish that week she'll give you an extra week, no need to ask. Also needed to purchase a book to do quizzes there but she gave full credit even if people didn't ace the quiz. 1 midterm and 1 final, gives study guide and practice test. Amazing slides.
4.0 : I took her class online and another Geology class at State, and having both of them really helped me. She is very straight-forward, you have more than enough time to complete assignments. The only thing I recommend is DO NOT SPEND MONEY ON THE ONLINE BOOK…it was expensive and we didn't use it once.
5.0 : Great class (and my first online class!)  She is obviously interested in the subject, and not only did I learn a great deal of information, she made it easy to learn, because of her enthusiasm!  She is very attentive to her email, getting back to me within a few hours, and sometimes within 5 minutes!  I highly recommend Professor James!
5.0 : I loved this class!! (summer online class - R1) At first I was not that excited to take the course because it was a GE course and it is about the earth (not my favorite topic). But after taking her class I learned soooo much that I actually retained all the information. And let me say she had the most ORGANIZED online class I've ever taken!
5.0 : Professor James is an AMAZING teacher. The class is super simple as long as you watch the lectures and take notes. The practice final she provides is nearly identical to the actual final, so as long as you fill it out and make sure all the answers are right, you'll pass the final with an A. Just make sure you participate in the forums.
4.5 : Took online during summer.  11 sections, just enough homework to make sure you watched the video lectures.  Lectures averaged an hour per section.  Surprisingly interesting subject which made hw that much easier. A very good segment III class: not too much busy work but very interesting subject matter where you'll learn a lot.  Highly recommend.
3.5 : Very easy Segment 3 class. Clear requirements to get a good grade. Prepare well for the sample Final Exam and you will be suprised :)
5.0 : Exactly what you're looking for in an add on, online class for the summer.  Pleasant, accessible, nice lectures.  Mandatory purchase of online book for a hundred bucks firm.  Read this, read that, here's the quiz, boom boom.   Online forums, just google for latest earthquake or volcano and post about it.  Speaking of google...
5.0 : Very Easy A!
5.0 : It was the most doable online science class! You will get to learn important environmental hazards that we need to be aware of, and this class provides basic explanations on mechanisms of geoscience! No need of textbook because her lectures are clear. Module activities were fun, and keep up your works! Great in-advance questions for what to expect!
5.0 : This was the first geology course I have ever taken and I can say that the material was a bit hard because I had no background on the topic, but Bridget made it easy to learn with her super thorough lectures and online participation assignments. She replies to emails very quickly and is super sweet. I would take her again!
5.0 : Awesome professor! Clear, concise and very interesting lectures. Make sure to participate in the discussion forum based on her guidelines and complete modules and book quizzes (in addition to exams), and you should have no issue getting an A. She's also very responsive and prompt by email if anything's up. I recommend this class.
5.0 : Bridget is an amazing professor who cares about her students and very passionate about the Earth and geology. I really enjoyed this class; very nice video lectures followed by modules and quizzes (very easy) and two exams (very easy). Make sure to participate in the forum and complete your work on time and you'll get an A. Highly recommended!
5.0 : Super easy class despite a lot of work every week. Her lectures are clear and straightforward. 2 midterms and 1 final.
5.0 : Bridget's class is an easy A. Her lectures are very concise, reading quizzes and modules related to lecture/documentaries you watch, and tests are identical to the study guide so study! Forums are fun &amp; interactive, so you can just Google a current event or anything related to the week's lecture. Very nice &amp; responsive by email, highly recommended.
4.0 : Professor James is a funny and interesting professor - kinda dorky. I took this class over the summer. Easy module homework every week and the final exam is exactly the same as the practice final. Super easy GE class and I learned a sufficient amount about the geological processes of our planet. TAKE IT!
5.0 : Bridget is an amazing professor. I really enjoyed her lectures, and the forums; you can simply just google a recent event and you'll get credit. You can tell she is very passionate about the Earth. Grade is also based on modules, forums, and two exams, which are very easy to get an A in. Very responsive and polite by email too. I recommend her.
4.0 : Take this class to fulfill GE3!! There should be no excuse for you not to get a good grade from this class. It consists of weekly forum posts and activities. Teacher is willing to help when necessary. You are missing out if you don't take this class. Overall, easy.
5.0 : Amazing! She is VERY helpful. The class is SO straightforward and easy. I learned a TON and it was barely any work!!! Did I mention that she is amazing and so was the class? TAKE HER! Be prepared to register early because her class fills up FAST!
5.0 : This was the best online class I've ever taken. Everything was well organized and expectations were clear. The material was very interesting (natural disasters!). The online lectures were well presented, and nearly every module had some sort of interesting documentary to watch. Tests were reasonable. She gets grades back quickly and answers email.
4.0 : Prof James seems nice. everything is organized well on ilearn. due dates and what is expected is clear. Posting in forum is important for participation points which help boost your grade. 2 tests  midterm and final. weekly modules are simple if you just read the online text. Chapters are short. easy to read! perfect for an add on class.
1.0 : If you can avoid taking her online class please do so. She doesn't check emails, and doesn't grade assignments until the end of the semester making it very difficult for you to see were you land in the class.
5.0 : Prof Mattingly was cool. He can look really serious, but he was always helpful with answering my questions. He's also got a wicked sense of humor.
5.0 : Great class coach!
5.0 : Prof Mark Juliano taught Creativity and Innovation at SFSU. He was one of my best professors, inside and outside the classroom. The course really made you think out of the box. Learned a great deal about creativity and myself. It was a hard class to get into because Prof Juliano was so popular. It was worth it - one of my best classes at SFSU.
5.0 : Mark (you can call him by his first name ) was definitely my best professor at SFSU. He truly cares about his students personally, scholastically and professionally. He's always available to talk about the course or chat about careers or life in general. Very approachable, easy to talk to and fun. I learned a ton from him about business and life.
5.0 : Creativity was one of the best classes I took at San Francisco State. Professor Juliano made the class fun and interesting, and very conducive to learning. There were case studies, lectures, in-class assignments and a final project were we could do whatever we wanted that we'd never done before. Mark related to the students exceptionally well.
5.0 : The course was  EXCELLENT! We  learned to really think out-of-the-box. Prof Juliano stresses the importance of taking chances, not being afraid to fail, trying new things . The highlight was a final project. We could do anything we wanted, "that we've never done before". Our group did a full business plan &amp; Prof Juliano spent tons of time w/ us
4.5 : She definitely makes you work for an A. If you want to get an A, make sure you are prepared, plan ahead of time, and work hard. She has many reading and participation-type work. At the end of the semester, she lets you edit your previous essays and is always willing to help. I definitely improved my writing and worked the hardest for this class.
4.0 : A hard teacher to adapt to especially if youre a freshmen going into 114. She's very nitpicky about small details about format. She does her best to teach he fundamentals of writing and grammar. Overall, you can't slack off and she does improve your writing but she is not an easy grader. Willing to help you during her office hours tho.
5.0 : This class is a very typical freshman English class- expect to be spoken to maternally. It is extremely easy and she grades easily as well if you are a semi-decent writer, but be prepared for a LOT of busy work that is tedious and meaningless.  There are way too many reading assignments and responses, but at least she is helpful and nice.
4.0 : Show up to the labs and you'll basically get a 10/10 on them. You have to go to class every week, you can't make up the labs very easily. Zoe is a homie and is helpful when asked for help. The class was easy but the final was a HUGE chunk of the class grade. I had a 98% all semester and then ended up getting a B+ because of the final and I studied.
5.0 : LOVE HER INFINITY 3
5.0 : She is like an angel. Someone that you really respect all the time. Not a professor but a mum.
4.0 : He's a nice professor and the only downside to his class is that he's a very very tough grader. You're gonna have to read a lot. Essay prompts are so hard you won't even understand it. Group work and discussions are very often in his class which I find useless. I wouldn't recommend this teacher unless you don't have any other option.
5.0 : Brian is a cool teacher, took his class last fall and he is a great guy. willing to help the students. he also takes the grade from participation point. Fair grader but very good in lecturing, he didn't give much workloads. just 2 essays and one final, no in class essay. definitely great English teacher!
5.0 : Absolutely the best English professor I have ever had the chance to learn from. Feels like I've learned something almost everyday I've gone to class including how to read much faster, which saved me for a history exam in another class. Got my reading speed from 220wpm to 550 wpm and taught me how to right essays that strayed from traditional styles
4.0 : I highly recommend him!
5.0 : I took his ENG 1A class fall quarter and it was one of the best classes I've ever taken. Easy class, he grades very leniently, the lectures are extremely interesting. Even if you're one who likes to sit in the back of class and not say anything you're going to want to get involved here. It was like one of those motivational English class movies!
5.0 : Great person as a whole. Very insightful and helpful :)
4.5 : Brian is a super nice guy, always in a good mood and really reasonable on all levels. Works with you well and makes the class interactive, almost no lectures. I loved his class, super bummed I can't have him as a teacher again. Given how hard it is to learn and teach a writing class, he does pretty well.
5.0 : super easy. Definition of a homie. Love him.
5.0 : This is an excellent instructor. She is very knowledgeable in this field and her lectures are very interesting. It is difficult to get a good grade in the group project, though, because it depends a lot on the commitment of other group members.
5.0 : He was a great teacher and I recommend every student to take his class. You do have to work hard to get an A but that's the way it should be. I learned so much. My favorite part about his class is he made learning biology fun!
5.0 : 3 hour classes aren't ever really fun BUT this one goes by fast with Brennan. He's funny and cool! But the quizzes suck haha.
4.5 : He is a super laid back teacher I felt like he was more like one of my friends than a professor. He is kind of unorganized and take forever to grade papers, but he is an easy grader. Four papers and weekly one-page paper. I really liked the book he picked for class. If you attend class and turn in papers on time, you can easily get an A.
4.0 : Prof. Glanting was excellent! I would highly recommend him. His course was clear and he was communicative and always available if I needed help/extra credit/guidance. It was easy to follow along in class and his grading criteria was very thorough and well communicated as well. Great guy and great class. Fair and some what lenient grader.
5.0 : Paul is the best professor to take your GWAR class with! Super engaging, easy to follow, reasonable assignments, easy going, understanding.. Pay attention to all his lectures and you'll be fine! Midterm is a group presentation and group business report. Final is a portfolio. And you have a couple easy assignments to fulfill during the semester.
5.0 : Paul is super cool. Probably one of my favorite professors at state! He's super understanding and helpful. He also goes into depth when he lectures. However, its really important to participate to show that you're engaged during class. If you have a question don't be afraid to ask. Paul cares about his students! Take him!
5.0 : Paul is by far one of the best teachers I've had in business. He works with his students if there is a problem and goes to great lengths to make sure his students are actually grasping the concept. The class itself is really easy, do the work and you'll pass no problem.
5.0 : Paul is the best BUS 300 professor. I implore any Business students to take their GWAR with Paul.
5.0 : He is super cool. He teaches really well and he's cute so thats a plus. Take him for your GWAR class the assignments are straight forward and the material you learn is relevant and up to date.
5.0 : Paul is a great professor. He really cares about his students. The class isn't too difficult but there is a lot of reading and writing. He gives very clear and easy to understand instructions. Attend every class because participation counts. Overall, it was a great class with lots of fun.
3.5 : Cool professor, there is a lot of weight on attendance and assignments. Assignments are super easy but if you miss one, it brings your grade down by about a whole letter grade.
5.0 : Professor Glanting is one of the best teachers I've had at SFSU. He is willing to work with you as long as you talk to him. He expects each student to attend all classes. As long as you do the work, it should be a breeze. His assignments are pretty easy. You have a group project and one individual but not hard. You also have oral presentations.
5.0 : Took him for summer course! Paul articulates his lectures into making the students understand the big picture and to back that up is activities/assignments that make an impact for the future career no bs assignments that is out of date or useless. For summer,  4 essay, 1 group midterm 1 individual. Good luck adding him ;) From 6 ovo
5.0 : One of the best Eng class instructor I ever had. Helpful, easy to approach, kind, caring and patient. We have almost full attendance during the whole session because students engage with the teaching, discussion and curriculum well. This class goes beyond the scope of English and helps us to have a better ideas about our majors and future career.
5.0 : LOVED HIM! I seriously thought English for 4 hours twice a week would be miserable, but he actually made class go by so fast. He's really into discussions &amp;the topics are always interesting. Overall nice guy and not too tough of a grader compared to my 114 teacher. Tip: participate in discussions, come on time &amp; do all the work and you'll be fine.
5.0 : best professor i ever seen in sfsu, taking him in summer was my good choice. sometimes give you extra time to complete your work don, give you make up work. i can say easy, interesting class and also i learned a lot in this class. he makes  class very enjoyable, such a cool teacher like our best friend. I highly recommend him. miss him from  now...
5.0 : I was dreading taking this class (4 hrs long in summer), but he made it so interesting, kept discussion rolling, and used so many teaching methods (books, films, articles, etc). I really appreciated his enthusiasm and helpfulness. He literally would read my essay as many times as I asked. Paul rocks. Attendance is important, but you'll wanna go
5.0 : One of the Best professors at SFSU. Laid back guy. Easy grader. As long as you do the work you will pass the class with a good grade
5.0 : Awesome professor. One of my best professor in sfsu. He is very caring about students and very helpful. Clear instructions provided about the class. Highly recommended to to him.
5.0 : Probably one of the most influential professors I've ever had at SFSU. He's a bit younger than most professors so his approach to teaching is more modern. He is very approachable and extremely knowledgeable about the subject.
5.0 : I took Paul for BUS300GW. He was awesome! I definitely recommend. He's a cool, down to earth professor.
5.0 : Awesome prof! Do yourself a favor and take him and thank me later.
5.0 : Paul is the best teacher ever! I love his teaching method and definitely will take his class again.
5.0 : Probably the coolest professor at SFSU. He's always there to give you feedback and loves to get to know you. Lots of work in the beginning of the semester but very easy grader. He also makes a boring subject extremely fun! Attendance is "mandatory" but I don't think he really cares too much whether or not you show up.
5.0 : Ryan rocks. He really cares about the subjects he teaches and he is super laid back. Go to class and participate in discussions, because he grades your participation. There is a long research paper due at the end but he gives you plenty of time. Test were open note open book. He gives a study guide ahead of time. Literally best class I've had.
4.5 : Just a chill guy.
5.0 : Ryan is a caring and sweet professor who's always ready for class with a smile. His workload is light but don't miss any assignments! He's very helpful and will work with you with anything you need, just shoot him an email or attend office hours. His quiz's are open note and online, easy! Loved his class, would recommend to anyone!
5.0 : hes the best, really
5.0 : Ryan is an amazing prof. for comm 150! I am not a good public speaker but he made sure I was ready and helped me with whatever questions I had. Attendance is important. Miss more than 3 and your grade starts going down. No homework. A couple of easy quizzes on iLearn. 3 Essays. Extra Credit. Funny/Interesting Lectures.
2.0 : Ryan is very passionate about what he is teaching and this can be a fun and interesting class if you are interested in the subject matter. There is a heavy work load for this class though and the final paper just killed it for me. I would only recommend this class if you are a COMM major and interested in the subject. Unfortunately I am not.
4.5 : READING HEAVY, DAILY WORKLOAD HEAVY, MODERATELY EASY GRADER, TESTS ARE TOUGH BUT CURVED TO THE HIGHEST SCORE. don't take this professor unless you have the time for, enjoy, or good at skimming through and processing 30 page articles and writing report on it before every class.
3.5 : Took him my first semester year of college. I was not looking forward to speeches and all that public speaking stuff, but taking Ryan's class was awesome. He's there for you if you need anything. Lots of reading, online quizzes and group work! Nothing too bad because he's a reallllly chill guy. Just show up to class and do the work!
5.0 : Ryan reminds me of Jonah Hill... He has a certain humor to him and he captures the class' attention pretty well overall. Time would go by fast. He is a well spoken guy. Gives feedback and motivates you to do your stuff. He'll tell you all of the work on the first day so that you're prepared for what's next.
5.0 : Ryan was an amazing teacher! Highly recommend taking his Comm class. Super nice and understanding, not at tough grader at all. Tries to make all feel comfortable for their speeches. Few small essays within the semester. Easy A.
5.0 : Ryan is a fantastic instructor, but if you're looking for a class with a light workload this is not the class for you. Weekly assignments, 2 reaction papers, midterm, group presentation, term paper and final. He's funny and helpful and very passionate about his subject, so if you can handle the work TAKE this class!
5.0 : ryan's an awesome teacher! LOTS of work but really interesting class. he cares about his students doing well and is easy to relate to, makes lectures funny and interesting!
2.0 : Instructor is a new and motivated teacher. However before student evaluations are due he is a fair grader. After the students evaluation for the instructor is over, he starts to grade hard. Also, he is not fair when he grades. It depends if he likes you or not.
5.0 : Ryan is an awesome teacher, one of the best I've ever had. Lectures were always interesting and relevant and he has a great sense of humor. There are a couple of group speeches but they're relatively simple.
4.0 : Ryan is a laid back, caring professor. Very clear with all instructions and is very flexible with time. He wants to see you improve in your speeches and gives good feedback as how to do so. Makes class interesting. I borrowed the book from a friend because I'm cheap. Online quizzes are super easy. Few assignments. Easy grade.
5.0 : Best Professor I've taken thus far at state. I took this class to see if I wanted to Minor in COMM &amp; it helped a lot (COMM is my minor). Attendance is mandatory in order to pass the class you must read everything he gives you, take notes participate. His tests aren't hard yet they are not the easiest, just study and you'll pass. Ryan is AWESOME!!
5.0 : Professor Lescure was easily one of the best professors that I have ever had! He understands that public speaking is quite terrifying to some students, so he is really easy on his students. He is hilarious and he makes everyone feel comfortable. The quizzes are online and they are open book, so they are super easy. TAKE HIS CLASS!
5.0 : He was so kind. His lectures were interesting. He is also very hilarious. Always had us laughing. He is also very supportive.
5.0 : I really like Ryan, he is easygoing but clear, smart but humble and gets good work out of people.
5.0 : Honestly he's so dorky it's cool! The class becomes really fun and he's very relatable. There's online quizzes and a group project. Everything is really easy even if you're an extremely shy person or a seasoned speaker. You'll see everyone improve greatly!
4.5 : Ryan is a great professor if you just want to fill your GE requirements with this class. He seems really passionate about his field but you definitely need to speak up and participate in his lectures if you want it to be interesting. You can't skip class and speeches are frequent but he's very understanding on grading.
4.5 : Ryan is an amazing teacher. I have never gotten bored in one of his classes, and I honestly love his lectures. The few movies we watched were interesting and relevant to the class. There are many assigned readings, but they are all interesting as well. I feel as though I got a ton out of this class and it changed the way I think about the world.
5.0 : He's really laid back and chill and i learned a lot from him. I improved my speaking skills with him. His tests are easy, and he gives you a cheat sheet to fill out and use. his lectures were short and never boring. the only downside is when he assigns group presentations, he will make you come out of your comfort zone
5.0 : Ryan was a great teacher!! His lectures are super easy to learn from. Make sure you practice for your speeches because he gives you positive and negative feedback while youre still in front of people, so make sure you do well!!
4.0 : He's really nice and if you do all the work there is no question that you'll pass the class.
5.0 : He is a really sweet guy I wish i could take a class with him again. He  really cares about your grade, he is willing to work with you if you give email or go to office hours.
5.0 : Ryan was an amazing professor. I learned a lot in this class. He expects you to do your work, but grades pretty easy. If you go to class and do what you need to do, it's an easy A. I have trouble doing speeches in class, but Ryan made it a really comfortable environment and I had no problem talking in front of people in this class.
5.0 : Ryan was a very laid back teacher! His lectures were easy to follow and he didn't give many. He isn't a harsh grader at all, but really wants to see that you put effort into your speeches. Overall easy class!
5.0 : Ryan is a chill, awesome teacher, one of the best I've ever had. Lectures were always interesting and relevant and  he has a great sense of humor. His assignments were engaging while applicable to everyday life. I learned a lot in this class and would take him again if I hadn't just graduated yesterday. He's a good looking guy too.
5.0 : He is a great and funny teacher ever!!! He makes the class very easy!! Easy practice problems and quizzes!!!
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR EVER! I took him my freshmen year and loved his class! He has been the most chill professor I've ever had. He really gets you thinking about the conceptslectures which make you actually enjoy his class. He also offers extra help before the midtermsfinal which is pretty helpful.
3.5 : He is a really enthusiastic lecturer and I enjoyed going to lectures when he wasn't nagging or telling us how apathetic we were. Biggest down side to the class is how disorganized it was. Didn't know our grades entire semester. Gave 2 midterms and 1 final, not cumulative. And we had a couple of pop quizzes  &amp; small  projects which were easy.
3.5 : This guy is a good teacher but can really get behind in giving graded assignments back. The material can be tough but you should of expected it especially since its a machine structures course. Just make sure you stay on top of the stuff he teaches in his lectures. He has pop quizzes, 2 midterms and a final which is not cumulative.
4.0 : Prepare your mind for theoretical material. Some of it is hard to grasp but Sosnick does a good job breaking it down for you, making it easier to understand. This class consist of 2-3 quizzes, a midterm, and final. The test are not hard if you study beforehand, and anyway they're all multiple choice so you always have a good chance if you guess.
4.5 : Tough course, but  great lectures, which help prepare you for quizzes and exams. Helpful in OH, but disorganized sometimes. Also has a temper if students don't participate. Sadly, no projects which would help us grasp concepts better. I wish he would have spent more time on the last set of material before exams. I recommend him for software
3.5 : Very nice guy, SUPER  UN-ORGANIZED. That aside he'll do what he can to help students out and he knows a good deal about what he's talking about.
3.0 : Good teacher, but if students do not participate or know some of the basic material he will get upset and even end the class ("change your major"). Be sure you go to all classes and be ready for pop quizzes. Do not be late or you will not be allow to take exams which can basically killed you. Exams are hard, but there is extra credit. Good luck
5.0 : Great professor. Even though I failed his class with a D- I honestly learned a lot from him. Take him if you can. Very nice guy and will do what he can to help out with any concept you're confused on.
3.5 : Excellent professor! He tends to get a little scattered mid-semester but he is still very helpful and makes the lectures interesting. Plus he's very handsome so that's always a plus! He provides good practice to really learn what you're doing and office hours are EXTREMELY helpful. I wish he taught all my courses.
1.0 : This guy is super unorganized. There were a few lectures where he explained the concepts totally wrong. Expects students to know all the answer before teaching the material. If you don't know the answer he will get very angry, which I thought was very rude. Says 'Blah Blah Blah' instead of summarizing the concepts.
5.0 : Going into the class I was expecting Dr. Wall to stay in the classroom after his csc510 class.  Instead Marc walks having a chat with Wall as he left.  This was his first time teaching 520, and it showed. But it didn't affect the class too much.  This material is theoretical, so be ready for that.  As always Marc was helpful.
5.0 : This is my third time taking Marc for a CS class, and up to now still does a great job explaining concepts. Class is treated like you are at a company. You learn how to use Android in your projects. Projects can be tricky, but as always Marc is very helpful. Always gives you very useful career advice during lectures, and overall a great professor.
5.0 : Mr. Sosnic is a fantastic teacher. although I got a C in his class (it was challenging) I was happy I had such an enthusiastic, funny and energetic teacher. He is very generous with grades. SFSU is very lucky to have him!
4.0 : I took a hardware class with him when he was a visiting lecturer at SSU, and he was by far the most engaging lecturer I have had there.  I think other professors might have gone into more detail, but his class was honestly enjoyable.
4.0 : I didn't feel like I was attending a class so much as working at a small startup company, which is pretty awesome. Quizzes and lectures were straightforward.  For many, like me, this will be the first time working on a full-scale project for the Android (or any non command-line, non web-based) platform in a team setting, so definitely rewarding.
2.0 : Great lecturer, but he can have a temper and get upset (&amp; end class) if people do not participate or know the answer to certain material which I find rude. Projects were doable, and the midterm was easy, final medium at best. The biggest downside is we never knew our grades entire semester &amp; he is disorganized. I will take him again for software.
4.0 : Great lecturer. If you come to class, study notes &amp;  online resources he provides &amp; at least try on the projects, you'll pass. Gave only a few quizzes, 1  midterm &amp; final. Didn't know our grades entire semester, which gave me tension &amp; worry, even at the end of the semester. He's very generous with grades. I recommend him for any software course.
5.0 : I've had 3 different classes with Marc already, and he's proven time and again that he is one of the elite instructors in the CS dept, if not the entire school. He's very enthusiastic, and extremely engaging. Taking his classes is always an absolute pleasure, even if they're difficult.
4.5 : Sosnick is an *excellent* teacher, and a very fair grader.  He is concerned with making sure that you understand the material.  This is NOT an easy course, but I learned a great deal.  His mood is volatile; he does have an issue with his temper, and can be pretty unprofessional when he takes it out on the students.
4.5 : Great professor, but the course is tough if you don't keep up with the material (slides/book). Always willing to help if you need it. Two midterms, several quizzes, and some group work. Make sure to show up and participate. He has a temper if students don't answer questions, which I find rude. Office hours: Very helpful if you need help on anything
5.0 : Great professor who gives clear notes and cares that we understand the  material. Only gave a few quizzes and 2 midterms. Upset he hasn't given us projects to help us learn the material  when said he would. For the second midterm, he could've spent more time on the last set of material. Often times it's a burden to ask to post slides and solutions.
5.0 : To me, he is one of the best I encounter. I literally don't have to read the book, because his lecture is clear to a point that I barely have to do any study. If you follow his lecture correctly and take down good notes, then you can pass the class by just very simple of 3 hours of study or less per week for A in the class.
4.0 : Read the book, show up for class, and review your notes daily.  Do that and you'll pass.  He does have a temper, but a quiet class with sleepy eyes could cause that.
1.5 : I've taken him before and will take him again, but he did an awful job teaching 256. For the first half of the semester, most of his time lecturing was spent nagging on the entire class for not knowing the material ahead of time. After the first midterm, he tried a different strategy, to actually teach and make things interesting. Gives extra cred.
5.0 : This Prof is a life saver. My original prof went MIA literately for the last day of instruction before the final and he came in and reviewed and reassessed the whole class. I learned WAY more in this one lecture he taught than I did ever with my other prof. in a whole semester. Really good prof, and want to take a class with him in the future.
4.0 : Quite annoying, honestly, but his lectures are clear and helpful. The textbook explains things very well, mostly didn't go to class and I got an A. Definitely one of the better CompSci lecturers I've had. If he's an option for you to take, take him. One of the only good CompSci lecturers at SFSU.
5.0 : I took 451 with Dr De Asis a while ago while he was still teaching at SFSU, but I just remembered what a wonderful person he was and thought I'd write about my experience with him. He was an excellent teacher and always gave us personal attention and clearly explained topics until we got it. He would help and never turn you away even after hours
4.0 : Professor Leasure is a nice guy and has a cute, geeky passion for what he teaches. Lectures are information-DENSE so be prepared to attend every class and take DETAILED notes. If you pay close attention to his lectures, you'll be well prepared for his exams. His iLearn quizzes are fairly easy and he always puts some of the quiz questions on exams.
5.0 : Dr. Leasure is one of the best teachers at SF State. He is very clear and helpful. Take his class, you will learn a lot and wont regret it!
3.0 : Dr. Leasure is a bit monotone, but interested in his course materials. His tests are fair and as long as you study and come to class, you have a good chance at doing well. Ask questions and do well on the weekly iLearn quizzes to support your grade and balance out test grades. Fair course. GET THE BOOK. IT HELPS.
5.0 : Sessler was a very good teacher, she knows her information and strategies to make singing easier, although you really will need to practice a lot outside of class and you will preform so don't have stage-fright. She is beautiful with a beautiful singing voice, go to her concerts if you can!
4.5 : She is a great, funny, understanding, talented and helpful and encouraging person. She is a GREAT music teacher and  I'll miss her bright personality!
5.0 : Amazing professor. SFSU needs more professors like Mark. He knows his facts and does not hold back. Has the best life experiences to share with you. Would take him again any day! I really recommend him to any one. Three exams and one group presentation. They're are all simple if you come to class and take notes.
5.0 : He is thoughtful and thorough in his presentation.  It is obvious that he wants his students to do well.  He is extremely helpful.  I would definitely take other courses with him.
4.5 : I love Mark's humor. He made psychology lectures fun and enjoyable. I particular love his sharing about his life experiences as a student, a therapist, and as himself. I wish more teachers are fun, approachable,  and genuine.
5.0 : Mark is one of the best teachers I've ever had. He is passionate and very well informed. His teaching style is engaging and draws students in. I wouldn't miss taking any class he teaches, he really is a gem.
5.0 : Mark was a really caring and accessible teacher. While gwar is a tough class and you do have to write quite a few papers (4 final drafts overall with a few reading responses), he is very helpful and a great teacher. We read the "Taking Sides" book and had discussions on it which were very interesting. I didn't really use the other book though.
5.0 : BEST TEACHER EVER. I am seriously in love. Not only is he super funny, very intelligent, but also he has such a caring and huge heart! He is such a fair grader and really just wants his students to pass and do well. He also will answer any questions you have, and talk to you about personal questions tooBless his heart! My favorite teacher at Sfsu.
4.0 : Mark is a very understanding professor. Email him and he'll get right back to you asap. No tests or quizzes at all in the course. He is a very easy grader, doing the bare min will get you an A.
5.0 : POWER - that's what you'll hear every time he speaks.  He's very passionate about his class and literally knows everything about Jewish studies.  For some reason, he kept looking at this one guy at our class the whole semester though, kind of weird.  One midterm and final paper, no homework, interesting subject.  Truly enjoyed his class though!
5.0 : Prof. Kaplan handled the controversial issues in this class democratically and with great respect to all cultures. His lectures are fascinating. If you miss one, you are cheating yourself out of a clear explanation of the causes and effects that make up history.
5.0 : Thought-provoking, intelligent, passionate and kind. Professor Kaplan wants you to learn about the ongoing conflict in the Middle East today. In class, you will learn the history, see different perspectives, and formulate your own opinion on the conflict. Homework on readings, a group presentation, and a class collaboration on mediation.
1.0 : I am not a fan of him ! at first I was excited to take him because i heard good things. I have spent a whole semester waiting for him to teach he expects us to already know so much about the topic and asks questions no one knows . Were here to learn not to be questioned.
5.0 : Really chill professor! No quizzes, mid-terms, or final, but there is a two page paper due at the end of the semester which is VERY easy. You do become a better public speaker and grades very easily. Hit all the main points he asks for in the speeches and you'll get an A.
5.0 : Such a fun teacher and makes public speaking seem less frightening. Gives great feedback and not too tough of a grader. Only two grades speeches and a reflection paper at the end of the course. Really helped improve my public speaking skills. Take this class.
5.0 : This professor is highly suggested because he's great for Comm 150. He helped us learn how to properly cite, speak, and teach us about speeches. He gives us examples of how to do a speech along with giving you an outline. No homework, No classwork, No book, No finals, and No exams. Just show up to class and do the speeches and you'll pass.
2.0 : Jokes but not teaches. One of the assignments he had us do was go out and beg for money and do a presentation on it. I was embarrassed &amp; felt dishonest. He swears constantly. The lectures never stayed on track. Anyone who disagrees with him gets belittled (I wasn't one but felt sorry for others). Was really looking forward to learning the topics.
4.5 : Easy A class. Funny and chill.
5.0 : Stephen is the best teacher I've ever had, he's not like most COMM150 teachers that give you homework that are based off the book, he just makes you do speeches(duh its a COMM class) but they are pretty straight forward. All you do is mostly just show up and he lectures for a bit then you leave, but speech days be prepared to stay.
5.0 : This class was awesome!! The professor was hella funny, straightforward and the class was really easy! I would definitely recommend him.
5.0 : This guy is awesome! Easiest class I've had all year. 3 speeches that aren't graded harsh by any means. He's so funny and is always sharing random stories. Got out of class early 90% of the time which was great. Totally recommend if you don't like public speaking and just want to take it to get it out of the way.
5.0 : This proffesor was one of my favorites!!!!He always made the class laugh. He is understanding. He made me want to attend class. It is not hard to earn an A. I highly recommend him for COMM 150.
1.5 : This class is a complete joke.  You learn nothing in this class that applies to anything. If you want a class that is an easy pass then take this .  He gives all the answers to the test the day before the test.  Never read the book and only came to class before each test and the day of the test.
5.0 : This is probably the easiest class you can ever take. Very simple and straight forward. He's a great teacher and has a sense of humor too!
2.0 : Not sure what class some if these people were in that says he's great. The only thing he thinks he's great at is joking. His lectures are the real joke. You learn nothing and spend your money on nothing. Take a class you with someone you will learn with. No knowledge passed on to us the whe semester.
4.0 : Had him once a week for comm 150 and he cancelled like 5 classes. The first time we had class he said we were going to have 6 speeches but only had 2. Although he said it was only that chill because he had hurt his leg and couldn't come to class I couldn't imagine it being that much harder. Never used the book either!
4.0 : Professor de la Cruz is a really amazing professor who wants to see his students succeed. I hate public speaking, but the way he taught made the speeches more approachable. One thing I would note was he was ALWAYS late to class. He was not on time to a single one of our 8am classes( not even the first day). Other than that, I would highly recommend
5.0 : Professor de la Cruz is one of my favorite at SF State! Really makes giving a speech in front of the class comfortable. I would definitely recommend him to anyone!!
5.0 : if he could be my professor for every upper division communications class, id be okay with that. he's awesome
5.0 : Professor De La Cruz is the funniest teacher I've ever had. He makes class a fun learning environment. He is very relaxed and cares a lot about how his students do in his class. His quizzes/midterm/final are straightforward and he gives a review session before which greatly helps. I would definitely take his class again!
5.0 : Honestly the best teacher I had this semester. If you're going take him for comm150 sign up for the first day to do your speech and then you don't have to come to class for the next 2 weeks or so because he doesn't take roll to see who is there watching the other speeches. Plus theres absolutely no homework. Just write your speech and you're good.
4.5 : Great communications professor. I learned how to give great speeches in this class alone than I did in any English or public speaking class. His lectures are short, simple and hilarious. Showing up matters. He kept class entertaining. Knows what he's doing. His feedback isn't so great. Overall he was a great professor and I would recommend him
5.0 : The guy would probably make bank as a stand-up comedian! He's one of the more humane professors, dude just wants to see you improve so easy in that sense. Most of the speeches can be accomplished without showing up, I stopped after the second. Did start off taking attendance, but not sure if he continued. A great guy and a great class! (:
5.0 : This professor really cares about his students passing. He's also hilarious and keeps the lectures interesting. Not a huge work load except one paper at end of semester and his tests aren't too hard because he gives a review that goes over everything on it the class before. Textbook isn't necessary but it is useful as times!
5.0 : TAKE THIS PROFESSOR FOR COMM. Honestly the easiest class I've ever taken. He take role in the beginning, but then you basically never have to show up until you do speeches. No final or midterm. Only graded on 2 speeches because he cancelled class so many times. He gives great feedback and really wants his students to succeed. You'll get out early2
4.0 : Good class to take to get an easy A and cracks jokes here and there to get on his students up and going. Gives criteria on speeches very well and as for feedback, he gives it to you very well detailing on improvement.
5.0 : The best professor anyone could possibly have for a Comms class. He only teaches a few sections a semester so if you can get him, DO IT. Such a laid back guy, funny lectures, and the criteria for speeches couldn't be clearer. If you didn't get an A on your speech, it was your fault.
4.5 : Don't buy the book bc Graydon covers everything u need to pass the class. His lecture slides are straightforward and he posts them online, which comes in handy when it's close to exam time. He also posts a study guide on iLearn for each exam, which really helps.
5.0 : He's very organized with his power points and information. He gives you exactly what to study, which you should know if you paid attention and came to class. He teaches the way a typical lecture class should be. You will learn a lot about the earth in a way that makes sense. The units flow together nicely. The field trip is also very fun.
5.0 : Graydon is amazing! Highly recommend this class! 3 test-pretty easy since he gives out study guides on what materials it's going to be on, study the diagrams on powerpoints! He has study sessions during his office hours before a test, which are helpful. Give lots of extra credit. 4HW assignment that are easy. I really enjoyed this class!
4.0 : Creed is very passionate about  geography. You can see in his teaching that he is very knowledgeable of what he is talking about. He is very helpful during office hours if you need extra help. Exams are not easy nor too hard. As long as you take good notes and do well on exercises and study exams, you are good to go. I highly recommend  his class!!
4.5 : I just took this class for GE and normally I'm bad at any kind of science but this class was great. He posts everything online, always more than welcome to help at office hours, and he's pretty funny. Definitely recommend this class. As someone who is horrible with science of any kind, do the work and you'll pass easy. Also don't buy the text book!
4.0 : He has all his powerpoints on iLearn but some material on the test he lectures about and draws on the board. Attendance is not mandatory but if you want to do well on the test you should go to class. There are about 3-4 exercises and basically test for every exercise you do. You must study, take notes and pay attention to pass the class and tests
5.0 : Creed was one of my favorite professors. He is very laid back and lectures are easy to listen to, and he puts all of his powerpoints online so attendance isn't mandatory but of course I'm not suggesting to ditch. VISIT him in his office hours!! He is very helpful and the work assigned is easy. 3 exercises, 2 tests and a final. Take this class
4.0 : Mr.Graydon is an excellent teacher. This was my first geography class and he made it very enjoyable. His tests are easy if you just study the material and he is a fair grader. If you take Mr.Graydon, you will not be disappointed!
5.0 : I took this as a short summer course and I couldn't be more happy! He reviews everything and assists during in class assignments. He always does review for any exam and tests aren't difficult if you study. If you keep up with the coursework, there's very little hw you need to do. A simple but effective introductory geography course.
5.0 : Took this course Fall 2015. If you're looking for a course to complete your Area B1, take this instructor! 3 exams (15%, 20%, 25%), 3 take-home exercises (25%), field trip report with follow-up report (15%). Attendance is only taken for the first couple of weeks. The powerpoints used in class are posted online. And no textbook required. Easy!
3.0 : Professor Creed is a great teacher, the only thing that was hard about his class was some of the articles were very hard to engage in so the write ups were also difficult. But overall he is very passionate about this subject and gives great feedback. He's open to talk during office hours and goes over your work.
5.0 : Awesome teacher overall, super passionate about geography which made me want to engage more. Very personable, would definitely recommend going to office hours if you have any questions. Tons of corny jokes, loved the class and would take it again if need be.
5.0 : Graydon is an excellent lecturer and is very organized. The slides have all the material, and I bought the older 8th edition book to read. Study for the tests, do the homework, and you'll do fine. He's a wonderful instructor, is very patient, helpful and easy to understand. I'd absolutely take him again!
5.0 : Graydon 's enthusiasm about geography is so contagious that it makes me want to change my major. I would talk to him during his office hours not only about the material, but also otherunrelated topics. If I have learned anything it's "don't get embedded in a glacial mass!" 3 exams, 3 hw,1 awesome field trip. TAKE THIS CLASS.
5.0 : Graydon 's enthusiasm about geography is so contagious that it makes me want to change my major. I would talk to him during his office hours not only about the material, but also other unrelated topics (he's that cool). If I have learned anything, it's "don't get embedded in a glacial mass!" 3 exams, 3 hw, 1 awesome field trip. TAKE THIS CLASS.
5.0 : She's very smart, down to earth, and beautiful.
3.0 : Pretty cool teacher but personally and honestly found it a bit hard. Tests were expository so it's important you HAVE AND READ the material as well as participate in class if not talk to him if you're struggling. Quizzes are multiple choice and given every other class meeting. Mandatory response papers assigned but due when you choose.
5.0 : Smay was awesome!  The class is basically all discussion, and the discussions were actually a lot of fun.  He has a good sense of humor and it really pulls people in.   You do have to do the reading, but hey, it's drama right?   Murder, intrigue, sex, what more do you want?   This was definitely my best class so far.   I wish I could take it again!
3.5 : Hard grader for Problem Sets. Slides online and posted beforehand. Attend class for the participation points it helps. She also draws a lot of examples. I recommend recording the lecture; it really helped me for my final. I should have done it earlier. Takes awhile to grade things. Textbook helps for the Problem Sets.
5.0 : Awesome Prof. Do spend time on your problem sets (check the wording), go to office hours, and put time into your study guide before the night prior to the exam. I got a B- because I learned these the hard way, but if you do this from the start you'll get an A
2.5 : She's very enthusiastic about her class, but she also comes off as rude.  I had a difficult time grasping her take on was when I had a family emergency that caused me to miss class and she didn't let me make up anything that I missed that day. She said, "There are NO flexibility in deadlines." I guess that's not important?
5.0 : Great proffeser. Went above and beyond to help me with math.  Its a shame that she wont be returning next semester
3.5 : Gibberish
5.0 : she was great, but she is not returning this semester.
5.0 : Michelle is extremely passionate about math and her students. She is exceptional at conveying very difficult concepts, and her office hours were invaluable. I wish she could teach all of my calculus classes!
5.0 : Xue Laoshi is the best. You MUST attend all the classes to keep on it and get an A but it's incredibly worth it, she will get you to improve as long as you try. Try to only speak Chinese too, and she will help you make it sound better. It's better for the long run. Just don't slack!  She gives a lot of work for a reason.
3.5 : So much quizzes everyday! But she really cares about you passing her class
5.0 : One of the best biology profs at SFSU. Very clear lecturer and breaks things down so they are easy to understand and doesn't go overboard on giving too much information that its impossible to learn. Plus he is super attractive and nice!
2.0 : Teaching at CoC.. What can I say, Jason is a very nice person as everyone else here will say. But there's something not being mentioned here, people like him because he makes sure his students all do very well in his class, as teachers go he is incredibly poor. I learned almost nothing. Avoid if you care about the subject.
2.0 : He's not at SFSU, but COC in Valencia now. In terms of teachers, he is awful. He does not seem to care about teaching much, and has admitted so in class. He has us make our own quizzes and tests because he does not come prepared. Would not recommend for those who actually want to learn.
5.0 : Jason was by far one of my favorite professors of all time.  He makes you feel welcome from the first day to the last.  He has a brilliant mind and genuinely expresses interest in your opinion.  Has a very easy structured class which made it easier to understand and learn.  I never felt overwhelmed in the slightest.  Would highly recommend him.
4.5 : Jason was a fantastic teacher. He is truly interested in the subject, and has a lot to say about it. I got much more out of this basic GE class than I had expected. If nothing else, the class is super easy. He doesn't make you learn. Final was open notes. And it doesn't hurt that he's easy on the eyes
2.5 : Courtney is a very friendly and laid back teacher. She knows how to get the class together and discuss the topic of interest. However there were times where the topic of interest was quite dull rather than being interesting which caused the class too seem rather dull. If you can get past that, by all means take this class for the GE!
5.0 : She is awesome! Will go over anything and has a clear semester set up. She has everything you need for the whole semester set up for you and makes herself very accessible with text and multiple emails.
5.0 : Professor Ghan is an amazing woman who contributes a lot of time and effort to her students. She is a very caring person who wants to see all her students succeed. Don't know why they're so many negative comments about her, she is good at her job and does more than what is required of her. She definitely deserves a 10/10!
5.0 : Ms. G is the best!!!!!!!! She uses relatable readings for essays and is a great teacher!!! thats all you need to know. She is a must if you need a English class.
4.5 : You can get ahold of Miss G at any time her student support is amazing she gives you multiple platforms at which you can reach her. There is a lot of homework so you can't sit through the lectures and expect to pass however, the reading material she assigns are interesting and spurs critical thinking which is what is desired in an English class.
3.0 : She also teaches English at Skyline, which is where I took her class. She is a super sweet, laid back teacher but a little too laid back. She is good if you just want an easy A, but if you actually wish to improve your reading, writing skills, I wouldn't take her class. Better suited for a lower grade class than college.
5.0 : Miss Ghan is one of the nicest teachers and one of the most chillest teachers I've ever met and she made the class feel like true writers. I would certainly take her again. If you have to take English 846, TAKE HER CLASS !
5.0 : Ms. G's class was fun! Easy-going class with clear guidelines, assignments on reading, and helpful lectures. She is a very sweet person and a good teacher. Personally, I wish her class was more challenging but I can't complain. Attendance isn't mandatory but show up more often than not. Readings were interesting and relatable to younger folk.
5.0 : Ms. Ghan teaches at Skyline, where I actually took her for English! She is very kind, and will always take time out to answer any questions you may have. I enjoyed her class very much! I recommend taking a class with her if you have the chance.
5.0 : She's a great teacher! super hot too.
5.0 : Ms. Ghan was my favorite professor so far! She's a sweet person and has interesting topics to discuss in class. She's very accessible, you can reach her anytime you need. She made our class feel like a community. There is a lot of homework but if you keep on top of your work (don't procrastinate) you should be fine. You will have to actually read
1.0 : hard class I have been ever
4.0 : You will read a lot of material for this class, which contains information that you'll need to use in papers, so make time to read and take notes.  Always good to get her opinion on a first draft before final draft. She has us do peer review for our papers, but it's good to get a second opinion by someone who is actually doing the grading.
2.0 : Interesting topics, friendly person, but the workload can be unbalanced.
5.0 : Courtnuts is so much fun!!!!  She does give alot of work but just spend 2 hours a week and your chillen.  She loves group work but i Love group work so its fun.
5.0 : He is my favorite professor. If you want to learn he will make sure you will get an A. His class was interesting and funny even though he expects you to work hard, I mean it's fair. You work hard with him he'll give you an A. Awesome professor.
2.5 : Chris is really funny but the papers he assigns are definitely a struggle. He is a tough grader but gives good feedback and is helpful if you ask for it. He doesn't tell you your grade until way later but my writing improved. This class is entertaining but not an easy A.
2.5 : I took Chris for the Stretch ENG 104/105 and it was more like ENG 114/214  because of the workload. The reason I chose ENG 104/105 because I knew it would be in a slower pace but that was not the case with Chris. I felt so rushed and barely had any time to actually know where I went wrong with my papers. THE WORKLOAD IS RIDICULOUS.
4.5 : Chris's class is not easy so don't take his class if you won't put in the work. He is tough but actually cares about making you learn something to improve your writing and ways to structure your papers better. Expect to talk in class everyday at least once. He doesn't make you buy expensive books which is great!
4.5 : The best english teacher I have ever had. I had Chris for Eng114 and planned my schedule accordingly in order to be able to take his class again for 214! The topics are interesting and my writing has more than improved!
4.5 : GREAT, GREAT teacher. Really cool units (like feminism in TV!), fun classroom environment, and he really knows his stuff. A fun class, but not an easy one. I've always coasted in English classes, but he pushed me and made my writing better. Seriously, best English teacher I've ever had and a really cool dude.
5.0 : Chris is one of the best professors that I've ever had. He really cares about his students and their process of learning. He tries to get to know almost everyone in the class, and he helps outside of the class as well. He assigns 4 major papers, and does not need textbooks. If you work hard for the class, you'll get an A. Loved his class!
5.0 : I had to take this class for credit though English is one of my least favorite subjects. However, Chris is hilarious and entertaining at the same time. Also, he assigns lots of great topic for the paper. But, you need to work hard on it in order to pass the course and it is not easy! He gives good feedbacks and offers revision to get better grades!
5.0 : Seriously based my entire schedule off making sure I got into his class. Easily one of the best teachers I've ever had. He's tough and he's gonna make you work for the grade you want but you can totally get the grade you want if you work for it. Highly highly recommend Chris to anyone, even if you are just taking this course for a GE. He's great!
4.0 : There's a lot of writing, like an essay a week, but it really helped me improve my writing skills.  There's always a TV &amp;or a comic book unit.  He requires in-class participation and working in groups occasionally.  I have taken both his 114 and 214 class and my writing has improved so much.  Very demanding course, but so worth it!
5.0 : He is very passionate about the subject and always offers help. Also very funny and interesting to listen to. There are readings and writing assignments about every week. Be prepared to write a lot of essays as well but he provides excellent writing tools that helps you prepare for these essays. He is a tough grader but gives good feedback.
4.0 : Fantastic Professor with lots of insight to share! Very smart, engaging, and in-the-know. Wish every professor within the Clinical Psychology Department was like her.
5.0 : Super fair grader! Her tests can be hard, but will remove a question if too many people got it wrong. I learned better from her lectures than the book. Be warned, her lectures are long and fast. Gives you really interesting HW topics! She provides up to 4% extra credit. Learned a lot from Prof. Holley! Hope to get more profs like her!
5.0 : Would definitely take this class again! Professor Prince is very nice and understanding. The short stories, film, and book we've read in class are interesting; class is a discussion type. You do not necessarily need to participate in class. Professor Prince makes the 3 hour class enjoyable! One of my favorite classes I have taken at SFSU!
5.0 : Prince is the sweetest professor ever! Her class is very well structured and pretty simple. Do all the (very intriguing) readings/responses and take notes during lecture and you're sure to ace the exams. Grades appropriately. The material is easy to follow along and be interested in, you won't regret taking this class!
5.0 : She needs improvement on how she gives out credit
4.0 : She was nice and her assignments were very easy. Four 2pg papers, a 3-5 pg paper &amp; 2 -3 multiple choice quizzes. Only thing I didn't like is that she spoke of being mixed ALOT! as if its a phenomenon. Not saying that biracial people do not have their own share of struggles but it did not need to take up such a large part of the lesson.
4.5 : She's a nice teacher. Assignments are pretty direct. But----- lecture could of been alot better. Lecture would often be filled with fluff (information that does nothing for students..ex:"who the author married/how many kids the author had/how many times they've gotten married"). Do every assignment because the extra credit she gives is like 1point
4.5 : She's a great professor.
5.0 : Brittany Prince is the nicest lady. I enjoyed this class a lot. This class is just about some short stories. Easy A .
4.0 : Her class is great for students who need to satisfy a GE and don't want to work too hard. She's an easy grader and the tests aren't difficult at all. However, she makes it so students have to participate in class which can be annoying. A few of the readings were interesting, but most just followed the "how blacks were oppressed" theme and boring.
4.5 : this guy wants everyone to do well. easy grader. you can miss class as long as you get homework done. Very nice guy.
5.0 : Professor James is really nice teacher, easy grader, light lecture attendance mandatory, assignment is due end of lecture, easy class i ever take for engineering major
5.0 : He wants everyone to succed and cares about everyone. Assignment due at the end of the class. The lectures are very light. He is open to any of your questions. As long as you show up you will pass.
4.0 : Mr. Duncan is a good teacher, the material is relatively easy and he is always willing to help. taking notes during lectures is important since he's not very good at putting the lectures on ilearn. The book is mandatory since the homework comes straight out of the book and it can be an easy class if you dont slack of on the short readings.
5.0 : I think it's the same guy that teaches at CCSF. He's incredibly understandingencouraging, no question is stupid; he says "great question" no matter what, lets you redo hwk, fair, gives fantastic lectures and explains things by repetition (worked great for my learning style), no complaints whatsoever. Best science teacher I ever had, thank u 3
5.0 : Had him at ccsf. He is my fav. So patient and explains everything so well. Lots of chances to make up work or get better grades. He is so nice. Took lecture and lab. Obviously  you have to show up to lab, but I barely went to lecture and still got an A. Not overly controlling. Very fair. Can fix test mistakes for 1/2 credit. He's just awesome.
5.0 : So cute and caring, always a good class, easy grader
4.0 : EXPECT A GAZILLION HOMEWORK &amp; ASSIGNMENTS! But Prof. Pido was smart, hilarious and engaging as a teacher. One of the best. He makes you work for your grade thru assignments. Has 1 midterm &amp; 1 final. He will teach you how to critically think about people's arguments. Very fun lectures. Make sure you do hw, thats how you pass.
4.5 : Dr. Pido is an amazing professor.  Lectures were interesting and thought provoking. The class was challenging but if your're willing to work hard you'll get a good grade.
4.0 : Dr. Pido is an amazing professor.  Lectures were interesting and thought provoking.  The class is challenging but if you're willing to work hard you'll earn a good grade.
5.0 : Dr. Pido is passionate about what he does and I learned a lot after walking out of that class. There will be a lot of reading and homework, but as long as you do it, you'll get an A. I love his class because he forces you to do homework which helps you get ready for the midterm and final rather than letting you read and study the book on your own.
5.0 : Dr. Pido is one of the best teachers I have ever had at SFSU. He is one of those rare teachers whose passionate about his line of work and really engages his students. It was a privilege to be taught by this man, and I highly recommend any student who cares about a REAL education to take one his classes!
4.5 : I had him for Fall 2015, he cussed A LOT for a teacher which bothered me a lot but I honestly learned so much about myself, college, and life through his class. He does call people out once in a while but not too bad. Lot's of HW. Got a B on the midterm and 65 on the final and passed with an A because I did all my work and showed up to class.
4.5 : Professor Pido was extremely passionate about what he was teaching and truly inspired every student in the classroom. Not a single student will go uninspired by Dr. Pido this semester. He truly changed my perspective on not just the subjects and topics he discussed but on life in general in a positive way. His class is tough, but it'll inspire you!
5.0 : Hilarious, passionate, inspiring, and smart. What more could you ask for?
5.0 : Great class. But do not take it if you can't devote A LOT of time on readings and doing quizzes. I mean like 60+ pages of reading a week, that you MUST read for the quizzes. The projects (2) are challenging-community based. The midterm was a piece of cake if you do the readings. GREAT CLASS, funny, interesting and life changing. Don't skip class!
4.0 : I needed this class to fulfill general education requirements, and I am so glad that I chose to take this class. This class is not an easy A, but it is a very inspirational class and I teaches you important things that you will use in life. This class will be hard, but more than worth it to take. I highly recommend it.
3.0 : Prof Pido is really passionate about the class and is very knowledgeable. However, he is a tough professor and this class is not an easy A. There are a lot of homework assignments and sometimes, his directions aren't that clear so you might have to figure it out yourself or email the IA's. He's full of himself sometimes, which can be annoying.
4.0 : Prof. Pido was definitely one of my favorites at State so far. He acknowledges personal talents of individuals in class, and makes you realize things about the Asian American culture that you neer have before. Very informative and passionate professor. &amp; his lectures are very inclusive. Do the work and you will pass. Not a tough grader at all.
5.0 : I had to take this to fulfill GE requirements but, Dr. Pido was one of the best teacher's I've had so far. His lectures and material are hard to understand at first, but he does offer a ton of tutoring during his office hours. He gives his students life lessons that could be used in the real world.
3.0 : I didn't like him or this class, I only took it cause I was friends with the TA. He assigns a bunch of readings and worksheets/online forums to respond to. He also expects participation in class so be prepared to make BS on the spot. I could tell he was passionate about the subject, but he still felt condescending whenever he graded my stuff.
1.0 : He gives so many impossible assignments in such short amounts of time.
5.0 : Lectures are engaging and make you realize things you have never thought about before. Really cares about his students and most importantly (what seems to be hard to find these days) a very passionate teacher!
5.0 : Best class I have ever taken. If you want to be WOKE, this is the class to take. However, there is a lot of work and a bunch of reading that you need to complete in such a short amount of time.
1.0 : If u want to feel inadequate and even second guess yourself about how intellectual you really are, then take his course Bc u are in for a treat. Expect being called out in front of class, treated like a kid &amp; embarrassing people who show up to class late. Assignments are very vague and he grades extremely hard on everything. U won't pass w/ an A.
5.0 : Great professor, I learned a lot. His explanations are so good an easy to understand. Helps anyone who is going behind. His test are difficult but if you do your homework and read the textbook you should be ok. I would take another class with him.
4.5 : Great Professor.  Enthusiastic and passionate about Biology.  Paul is awesome!  I would not hesitate at all to take another one of his classes.
4.0 : I truly enjoyed P. Nanami, learned a lot of information regarding the science of foods.  What I did not like was he assigned a significant amount of work for a 3 unit class, and additional extra credit assignment for low points (5-8) on some assignments.  He's winded, and anal in his grading.  I don't think I would take his class again.
4.0 : One of the sweetest professors you'll ever have. Always there to help when you need it. Her midterm &amp; final were straightforward. You can tell she loves what she does and she has really interesting personal experiences to share. Plus her accent is nice to listen to!
4.5 : This class was tough! I though about dropping it a couple of times, but I am glad I didn't.  Lamont is a wonderful teacher who is very passionate about the subject and her students.  She is very helpful and clear about what she expects from you.  Be prepared for A LOT of reading, but she is reasonable grader and rewards you for sticking it thru
5.0 : I took Tubig for an intense, 5-week online course. We had assignments due every night, and there was one night where my internet wasn't working so I wasn't able to turn in my work. I emailed him the next day and he let me turn it in late and still gave me full credit. He's a fair grader, and really cares for you as a student. Definitely recommend.
2.5 : Her exam is very difficult, because she never has any area of focus, means you have to memorize every bullet points in the text book. She grades on grammar as priority, means if you're non-English speaker, it's very possible that you get a very low score.
5.0 : Chivers is an awesome professor and really cares to make everyone in the class feel comfortable &amp; have a good time. I was dreading COMM, but he made the semester worth while.
5.0 : Nick is an AMAZING PROFESSOR! If you can take one of his courses. He really cares about his students and is super accommodating and understanding. Sadly, he's on paternity leave for the rest of the semester so another teacher is taking over the class. Other than that, if you try your best and go to class you'll pass.
5.0 : When I first got the syllabus I freaked out because of all the work we had to do but it all goes by super fast and you can easily get it done plus most of it is very relatable. The discussions in class can get intense but super interesting you actually learn in this class and he's very funny! Would 10/10 take it again. it's a good choice, I promise
5.0 : He is very passionate about his job and is a phenomenal teacher, one of the best I've ever had. He has a lot of wisdom and insight on present day society and how it behaves, he really opened my eyes to see a perspective of our world.
5.0 : He is a great teacher, he made the class very interesting. He is very relatable to the young crowd and super funny. I would deficiently recommend him as a professor.
5.0 : If you want an easy A, you will NOT get it in this class. Pr. Chivers will teach you a lot of material and he will grade your speech thoroughly. He isn't one of those teachers that hands out A's, but you'll LEARN A LOT from him. He is definitely one of the professors I actually like, he is very welcoming and friendly, but be prepared to work hard.
5.0 : Chivers is one of the best comm teachers at SFSU. He wants to see his students improve, and ensures that with his helpfulness and understanding. He created a comfortable atmosphere within our class for public speaking, and made it fun. Highly recommend him.
5.0 : Nick was an informative professor, who helped me tremendously on giving speeches. Although this was a chill class. you'll definitely earn your grade. There was a total of about 5 speeches, 5 two page reflection essays, and the final is a two minute speech about a topic chosen randomly on the day of the final. I would recommend this professor.
5.0 : He had to be one of my favorite professors, always made the classes so much fun! A lot of speeches but he makes them interesting! Never a dull day in his class I would take it with him again if I could lol
5.0 : Chivers is teacher that actually cares about his students and engaging with them. The class is super easy but even if you do struggle, he will be happy to give you extra help. He cares a lot about class participation and is very helpful. The content of the class is very interesting
5.0 : He is cool
4.0 : Amazing teacher! Makes class super interesting. If you do the assignments and naturally good at public speaking you'll be fine! His weekly quizzes are kind of tough!
4.5 : First let me just tell you that he is a HOTTIE! Don't ever ask him about grades, its not about the grade. Classes are easy, some online test over the weekend and about 5 essays all semester. Very helpful! Don't be late or mis class because each time minuses a point off your final grade.
4.0 : He is a good teacher and makes things clear but like with all communication classes, the information is obvious to a lot of people. He focuses more on gender and sexuality than communication though. Easy way to pass all the quizzes is to use CTRL+F on the online book. Overall a good teacher and an easy class. But he is DEFINITELY unorganized.
4.5 : He's very passionate about this subject and has loads of info to share which I found very amusing because it's simple things that most people don't usually question! This class was definitely my favorite even though there are speeches they weren't too bad.
4.5 : Nick is seriously amazing. He always answers emails and his lectures aren't that long. He's really understanding and he respects all students.
4.0 : okay these comments are all correct about him, but he is SUPER UN-ORGANIZED!! He never loads grades and if you are okay with not knowing your grade until the end of the semester then good for you. He is passionate like everyone has stated, but he does RANT A LOT! His quizzes are super hard though so read the book and take lots of notes in class.
5.0 : GREATEST PROF EVER. He's super helpful with literally anything you ask with what he knows, lectures are both hilarious and intellectual. Not about the grade but about the effort. Recommend him for everyone, easy-going, friendly, smart, and respectful of all his students. Best thing for me was the mind-blowing talks about society and communication.
3.5 : Lecture and class discussions were  engaging. Be sure to take notes, pay attention and participate.  Overall, fun class and helped me rethink a lot about communication.
5.0 : Prof. Montgomery has motivated me and the whole class about what is important in our careers. Class is fun and we learn a lot. I wish he would be asked to teach more classes in the Program. We love him !  (Midterm test was too long though)
5.0 : A professional in the industry who knows a lot and can relate academics to real life. So glad he taught the Intro class during my first semester in the program. Mid-term was grueling, but he adjusted for the final. Grades fairly and is an extremely nice person. Hope he teaches another class soon!
5.0 : Bryan is by far the best professor who I've had thus far in graduate school. He is extremely helpful and inspirational. Bryan is also a practitioner, so he brings real world experience into the classroom. His lectures are captivating, so be prepared to learn. I highly recommend him.
4.0 : Excellent teacher! She has high expectations of you during clinical rotations, so be prepared. I loved how she'd come find you on the hospital floor if there was something interesting to watch. She's really into students getting a lot of hands-on experience and wants to see thorough care plans. I'd love to have her as a teacher again!
5.0 : A wonderful teacher and person. With Dr. Sengupta, you get both a scholar and an excellent teacher. He is an accomplished researcher, who has written books about high tech marketing, but he is always fully present, engaging, and amusing in class as a teacher. Take him for general marketing and high tech marketing. You won't be disappointed!
4.5 : Overall a very good professor. One midterm, one final, a group presentationpaper, and participation. He also curvesgives EC. He's a pretty interesting and knowledgeable professor who facilitates good class discussions. He's also very helpful during office hours.  A lot of the class didn't do well on the midterm, but it's bc they didn't study...
5.0 : Riewe's class was very easy to understand, I only read the textbook for the first 2 chapters then i realized i dont really need to read it. His lecture is clear and is exactly what would be on the test. Just show up to class and take down all the notes, do all the homework and you will be prepared for the exams. I got an A in the class.
4.0 : 2 midterms 1 final, weekly MyEconLab. Entirely lecture-based, attend every class to get an A. Tests are easy if you study your notes and pay attention, allowed 1 notecard for equations. Professor covers a lot of material in 1 day but teaching style is very organized and easy to understand. Tests are 80% of your grade and about 40-50 questions each.
3.5 : This three hour class consists of two midterms, a final, and weekly problem sets. The tests were exact problems (yet different numbers) on the problem sets. Sometimes lectures moved to quickly and he never gave time to go over problems. I went to his office hours and he told me I need to spend up to 6 hours weekly to study.... six hours!??!?!
2.5 : He talks fast and goes through the lesson very quickly. His teaching style isn't good. He only teaches in a way he understands and doesn't make sure if the students understands the material or not. A lot of self learning also. Take his course if you are desperate.
4.5 : He explains a lot of material in one day, so be sure to consistently take notes.The material itself can be pretty difficult at times too but if you actually study for his tests, you'll be fine (Study as in do the practice tests that he posts and review, not just skim through your notes). 2 midterms and a final. Not an easy A, but not hard either.
5.0 : Economics can be a tough subject especially with all the material that may be crammed in but I really enjoyed it. He's very organized with his lectures and if you study from his materials + homework, you can do really well on the tests. He also curves and gives extra credit. You don't need anything else besides class lecture notes to study.
4.5 : I took him Spring 2014 for Macroeconomics. Go to class, take notes, put in effort, study, and you'll be fine. He's funny and very approachable. He really walks you through everything he expects you to know. Never used the textbook- everything is based on lecture so go to class! Highly recommend taking him.
5.0 : Professor Samual is one of the best professors I've had at SFSU. He makes the class very clear on what he expects you to learn. He makes a somewhat boring subject bearable. He keeps the class interactive to make sure everyone is paying attention and his class is very well ran,  his students respect him. Class is very easy 2 midterms 1 final.
4.0 : Do not buy the textbook. Just show up, write down all his notes, and make sure to review well before tests and you should do pretty well.
3.5 : I have to say by far the best lectures in the counseling department. She is soo knowledgeable on theories.. and learning over 10 different theories in a semester can be quite challenging. They truly care for their students and their education
4.5 : Professor Garcia-Moreno is amazing! If you're after an easy 'A' go elsewhere. If you're interested in improving your critical reading, and comparative writing skills, you will thoroughly enjoy this class. I hope to take more classes with her!
4.0 : She was very helpful, even though her English was not great. Be prepared to be called on to speak in Japanese and there is a group presentation at the end, which was fun. Overall, the class was great
5.0 : Such an eye opening class, and nothing's better than having a professor who's passionate about what she teaches. However, there is a TON of homework, One midterm project and an easy final project. Overall, the class wasn't that bad. I  wish I could take her again.
4.5 : She assigns a lot of reading for the week, but she is well organized. Follow her syllabus. There are weekly quizzes or journals, but if you pass them, you will be fine. Her class is very reasonable. She is also very helpful and fair. Take her if you can!
5.0 : Best teacher I ever had. She assigns a lot of readings sometime but the knowledge is well worth it. I learned so much in this class and I also had a lot of fun. She is also very helpful. Take this class
3.0 : Uhh so I liked this class but this has to be the most homework a teacher has ever assigned in the history of homework assignments. You make a powerpoint almost every week, and by the way you'll never present these since this is online, as well as a 2-3 page paper or maybe a question set. Shes an easy grader but there is A LOT of homework.
4.5 : She is very clear with everything. Can let you slide late work. If you are a responsible student she'll let you slide the due date for important assignments.
3.5 : Quizzes on the reading every week, fairly easy. It gets kind of boring after a while quiz, turn in your papers, lecture, and then do a film assignment or some class activity. However, very knowledgeable and you learn some interesting things if you're actually engaged.
5.0 : Very easy class. Just do the readings, weekly discussions, and quizzes and you'll pass with An A. This class was very interesting, I took her previous AFRS study class my sophomore yr. This class teaches you a lot about African American families and it helped me know more about myself. There was no Final.
4.0 : A lot of readings and quizzes every week. Most of the readings are really long, but you have to read them in order to do the journals and quizzes. The book that was required was very interesting. You learn a lot from this class. Long readings but its worth it.
5.0 : Professor Aaron is extremely passionate in what she teaches. I feel like I've learned so much from taking this course and it has changed a lot of my perspectives about life itself. Their are a lot of readings and video assignments but all are very informative. Love the course!
5.0 : She is very passionate about what she teaches. There is SO much homework but if you like the subject, it'll be fine. Very easy to get an A if you participate. She cares about the students she teaches and makes sure you feel validated and makes sure you understand the material. WISH I could have her as a professor again!
3.0 : Had her for an online class and it took awhile to get grades back. There's so much material every week so be sure to manage your time wisely. One benefit of taking this class online is that there are no quizzes, tests, midterms, or finals! Your grade is all based off of the work you put in which is something I enjoyed! Good at responding to emails.
5.0 : This class is a lot of work and attendance is key to getting a good grade. However, there are no tests and as long as you actually try on your homework assignmentsin class assignments you'll get an A. I would take this class all over again, super interesting and insightful on our nation's history!
5.0 : Lots of reading  and 3 papers a total of 18+ pages, for a 3 credit class but Dr. Alavi is very well-read and engaging. He does his best to help students and is a very kind person.
5.0 : Laura is THE BEST! She's so understanding and realistic.. the workload isn't too heavy, definitely reasonable. We only had a few essays and she believes that writing about something you care about is most beneficial.. so she usually puts the essay topics in your hand! She's definitely my favorite, I would take one of her classes again if I could!
4.0 : Professor Gillis is a good professor. She made class very fun and I enjoyed the semester with her. There are three essays total for this class and you get to pick what you want to write about except the documentary essay, you guys pick as a class what documentary to watch. No exams, but there is home work almost every class
5.0 : Very good teacher, good feedback and very helpful. Professor Gillis allowed me to revise my essay to get a better grade, because she believes that revision is important.
5.0 : She's very down to earth, a great teacher, and human being. She wants you to succeed and will give you great feedback on your essays. Kind of a tough grader, but you can rewrite all your essays if you're not happy with your grade. I had her for a 3 hour class on Fridays and it went by surprisingly fast because she gets everyone really engaged.
5.0 : She is so amazing! I cannot even express what an amazing teacher she is! She really cares about her students and is an amazing teacher. Her class is so chill and really helps you find your way. Take her class you will love her!!
5.0 : AMAZING teacher! Dedicated to her students, funny, and engaging. Totes love her!!!! So friendly!
5.0 : She is the best English professor ever. She really cares about students and their work. She's super nice and if you ask for help she'll be glad to help you. Class was easy, but we have 4 essays. They're back to back but she gives us time for each essay. Barely any homework because the hw relates to essay.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Funny, nice, smart, SUPER helpful, engaging, and likes to talk about real world issues in class. Respects her students and helps us with all our questions. I've had such a great time in ENG114 with her, definitely recommend!
5.0 : The best teacher I've ever had. Super unique and makes the class super engaging and fun. 3 hours flys by with her. She is so friendly and wiling to help
5.0 : She is the best professor I've had. I really enjoyed taking her class, so I signed up for another one of her classes. She's really passionate about english, and will make you like it too.
5.0 : Laura is one of the best English instructors on campus.  She is very charming and outgoing. Class is always fun and interesting, students are always engaged. In taking this course, you can learn a lot! I will be taking her next semester for English 214.
4.5 : She was awesome a great help throughout.
5.0 : Gillis is an amazing, open-minded, discussion-focused professor. English 114 was my favorite class last semester because of her! Take her if you have the chance!
5.0 : Great teacher and sticks to  areas of the subject you need to know, and promotes a relaxed learning environment.
4.5 : Great teacher, knows her subject well.
2.0 : I'm am "A" student and I dropped this course. He approaches philosophy as if it is math - his quote, not mine, so if you are not a math person - well, you get the idea. I'm a student who is willing to put in the time but it became very clear to me his methods of teaching felt way too clinical for philosophy. On the plus side, he was VERY handsome.
4.0 : If you cannot get a A in his class you got issues. Grade breakdown is as follows: 2x exam each 40% of your grade + 10x reading responses each 2% of your grade. I didn't study anything except his study guides (provided a week before exam) and got a A on both exams. Exam ?'s purely from study guide. He also offers 1/2 a letter grade in extra credit!
5.0 : Infectiously enthusiastic about philosophy, impressively skilled at “dumbing down" huge ideas without watering them down, very likable personality— he’s just a magical, beautiful angel of education. My whole class ended up in love with him (and, more notably, at least one concept/philosopher covered in the course).
4.5 : Awesome professor. He knows his stuff and his strategy to teach is very tidy and efficient. However, I must warn you, take advantage of the extra credit, it'll help for the final. The final is the only test you'll have and is extremely tricky. All true and false. Never have I doubted my answers so much.  It brought my grade a whole letter grade.
5.0 : Well, this guy is amazing. Analytical. Yes. Insightful. An understatement. Incisive.  This is where it gets good. Mr.  Smith's ability to unpackage EXTREMELY difficult concepts is no match. You will be in awe (I mean rethinking your life) when he explains Plato's dialectic. Professor Smith is as real as it gets in Philosophy.
5.0 : Extremely passionate. Very Clear and easy to follow. He is an incredible teacher. keeps class entertaining. also pretty witty. Course is organized very well. It would be harder to fail the class than pass it.
4.0 : I had no interest in philosophy before but I would definitely take his class again. You only need the textbook to complete five easy assignments that you have all semester to do. Both the midterm and the final are based on the lectures only, which he posts online. He's hilarious and easy to understand. This is the easiest class I've ever taken.
5.0 : Come to class every day and pay attention. He really makes the content easier by explaining it in simple terms. Make sure you do his study guides! They are key to passing his tests. Grade breakdown: 30% midterm, 35% five reading responses and 35% final.
5.0 : He's a great professor! I highly recommend him, he's a really easy professor! For the first half of the sem, you will have quizzes every Friday, but they're really easy as long as you listen to his lessons. For the second half of the sem, he assigns the class seven reading then you just have to respond to it. He also gives A LOT of extra credit.
5.0 : We were given a quiz every lecture (3-hour class) once a week. The quizzes are done in groups, and make up most of your grade. So having a good group could make or break your grade. Professor Fries is super nice and good looking!
3.0 : Adam is a great person but unfortunately not that great of a teacher. He tries to make the class interesting and funny (sometimes succeeds) but most of the time it felt like a waste of time. In his lectures he covers almost none of the exam material the rest you pretty much have to learn on your own.  I would definitely not recommend.
1.5 : HARDDDDDDDD
5.0 : You can really tell that this professor loves the subject he's teaching. The class is easy not so much because the material is easy but he's willing to work with you on literally everything. I wish more professors taught like him.
4.0 : Very helpful. However, when he explains stuff that you ask for help, he can sometimes confuse even himself. Really cool professor. He's one of those professors that are easy to negotiate with in terms of asking to push back a quiz for a few weeks.
5.0 : I love Adam!!! He's very passionate with Astronomy and he will help you with any questions regarding the lab. His class is really fun because the labs are very interactive. We usually go to the planetarium for the second half of class and look at constellations. Best 3 hour class ever!
5.0 : Really easy going and friendly. The lab was fun despite it being three hours. Get good grades on the quizzes and turn everything in, it will be an easy A.
5.0 : I did not really like astronomy, until I got to Adam's class. Everything is group, which makes everything way more helpful. Super kind and generous when you need help with a certain problem in the binder. I would take him again if I could.
4.5 : Top notch professor. He is very insightful and has very strong knowledge, understanding and a lot firsthand experience relating to Urban planning &amp; global social relations. Also appreciated his presentation of the material, but most of the time the students present. The readings can be pretty demanding, but a lot of solid info can be pulled out
4.5 : Pietro is brilliant! Attend class daily, take good notes, do the readings, and ask questions if necessary.  You will learn a lot in this class!
5.0 : Pietro is one of the best professors at State hands down. He has extensive experience with urban planning as well as physical planning/architecture and design. He is also very passionate about policy and justice in planning. I took him for 401 and 492 and found him to be very helpful and accessible even when he was teaching 5 classes at once.
5.0 : His attendance policy is kinda wack so if I knew I wouldn't be in class one day, I usually had someone sign me in for it. He's really cool and this course was easier than I thought it would be. I never really did the reading for this class, but I wrote decent papers that I always got an 'A' on and am passing the class with an A.
5.0 : Overall great teacher. Makes you want to come to class. Makes sure you understand the material. Very helpful. I would recommend him.
4.0 : He's an awesome teacher. He's very sarcastic but that's the best part of the class in my opinion. Don't talk over him and all is good. There is no textbook. Mostly group work. Overall a chill class.
5.0 : Mr. Schlief is a good choice for those who struggle with math. He takes the time to explain his work with numerous examples and even does a review on the following class day. But the best thing is that he understands our struggles as students and keeps it real. Only downside, no extensions on any assignment unless a doctor's note is provided
3.0 : pretty basic math class, theres homework and test which he prepares you well for but docks a lot of points to little details
3.0 : He's okay. Tests are pretty difficult, he purposefully makes them harder than they need to be. 3 midterms, and a final. I recommend going to his office hours for help.
5.0 : Dennis is a really ideal, layback, &amp; straightforward professor. Being someone that struggles in math, I was able to and wanted to follow his instruction/lectures, but I also had a mad case of heart-eyes for him. I dont think I passed, but that was my own fault. Go to class and just learn the material that will be on the test, and hes more than willing to pass you!! If you continue to struggle but do better on future tests hell likely work to pass you.
4.5 : Wonderful Professor. So funny and interested in making class enjoyable. I learned a ton. Very much so recommend.
5.0 : Fisher is a knowledgeable professor and a really outgoing/ nice guy. There are assignments every week, but they are simple notes or questions. He tends to end 3hr classes an hour early. 2 test, u need to study the book/slides for tests. His lectures are mostly on cases so you will need to study on your own for a good grade.10% particpation/attend
5.0 : this is the best professor at SFSU, if you get the chance to take any of his courses, do it.
5.0 : Loved this class! Lots of reading but I enjoyed the class so much I somehow didn't complain that much about it. Projects are a tad annoying sometimes but a lot of them were actually fun!! Take take take!
4.0 : If you want to really learn something, don't take Wolcott. If you want an easy class, take him. He is really awesome and the subject is interesting, but he is always late and we always get out like an hour early. Quizzes every class, but half way through he lets you do it in pairs or groups. Midterm and Final were easy. One group project.
5.0 : He's really funny and that makes me actually want to go to class. He also is really smart, speaks multiple languages, and that also helps keep the class engaged. I call him the "comedian" when I tell my friends and family about my classes. Definitely take him! Just do the work and you're good.
5.0 : Fantastic teacher, very laid back in his approach to most things. The daily quiz is often done in groups making it easier to get by. The tests are very manageable assuming you did the reading. I can not say this enough DO THE READING. Other than that everything is very straight forward, a funny teacher, with a great attitude. Do the work, get an A
5.0 : Took this for my GWAR and it was way easier than expected. His lectures are entertaining but you must do the reading for each class. he will give a quiz but only if he feels like the class hasn't done the reading for a few weeks. usually lenient on reading on the days projects are due. 2 papers and you base them off 2/3 of your projects easy grader
5.0 : Wolcott is an amazing professor. He is hilarious and has a way of making super boring subjects into highly interesting relatable topics. He does assign a lot of readings and there is a quiz every class but they are pretty easy if you do the reading. He does make attendance a big part of the grade so I would suggest attending class!
4.5 : 3 3 Timothy Wolcott is by far my favorite professor of all time. He so incredibly smart but doesn't come off as pretentious. He's also constantly cracking jokes, making it so much easier to get through class. Just do the reading assignments - it's worth it, it'll help you in the long run. He'll lecture and then let you out when he's done - easy.
5.0 : Awesome class with this professor! Quiz every class time, but it's really easy. Midterm &amp; final are easy, as well. The exam reviews look almost exactly like the MT &amp; final; he also gives the answers to those reviews so you can use it to study. A couple of easy projects. Overall, an easy class if you put in the effort. He makes class fun!
5.0 : Wolcott is, hands down, one of the best professors I've ever had. He's hilarious and engaging, and really does care that you understand what is going on. There are quizzes everyday on the readings, so don't slack off on those. He's a fair grader, and very accessible when you have questions. Very concise, to the point, and loves participation.
2.0 : HW based on Wileyplus, give random quizes and there is a midterm, HW isnt based on what he teaches, hes often disorganize and atleast misses around like 10 days of class with dumb email excuses. His study guides for test is horiible. hes really lazy. he has a slight acent. Do not recommend him unless ur a math wizIf aced the finals u get a A grade
5.0 : He is quite clear in his explanations and very helpful; it's just a matter of paying attention and doing the all the work. Simon definitely does not want to fail his students; and for that he is relatively generous with grades as long as you give the work a shot. If you ace his final, you ace his class. Online homework and allows test cheat sheets.
4.0 : Loved the class! she really cares on your writing and her comments on your essays are really helpful! there were only 3 essays and small home work assignments no final just a portfolio. she gets sidetracked easily but other than that she is an awesome professor I loved going to class
5.0 : A lot of emails, but absolutely worth every word. Great cases and the repetition helps remember terms and concepts. Very funny prof, obviously cares about students and our learning. Lectures felt more like he was chatting with us, made the whole semester fun and raised interest in the subject. A lot of useful information. Responds to email quickly.
5.0 : One of my favorite classes at SFSU.  Griffis is very funny and makes the material relatable.  Plus he brings in pizza on quiz days
3.5 : I like his class because you actually learned a lot about law. Funny, easygoing with the students. Expects a lot of emails and a lot to read, but you wont need the textbook because you have all the info in the email. All his lectures are about the real world so you get the taste of it.  2 exams, and watch pizza party(pop quizzes)
5.0 : Get ready to read. Exams are based on the emails and textbook. He sends roughly 10-12 emails every week. Lectures basically put me to sleep, but he is a cool guy and curves for the first exam ONLY. Watch out for pizza references in his emails as there will be a pop quiz.
3.0 : The workload for this class is pretty low. Most of the time you're prepping for your speech. Dr.Dare grades pretty hard on the speeches. Even if you do a really good job, it seems hard to score anything above 90%.
4.0 : one of the best English teachers I have ever had! Eva is really nice and very helpful. If you need some help with your work on your essay, then do not even hesitate and directly go to talk to her and you will see the difference:)
5.0 : She is such a nice person. She can understand the international students very well because she herself came from czech republic and she was struggle in the University herself. She always tries to help students out to involve in outside school activities, even in class. I promise you will never get boring in her class. She makes you talk a lot.
4.0 : She is okay, but she give a lot of work to students. You have to do a lot of homework but you will get at least a c if you do the homework.
4.0 : Very good teacher but she doesn't push students to think more deeply about history and it often felt like somewhat of a superficial class. I wish she challenged students a little more. Still, very good.
4.0 : Professor Crabtree is amazing! I enjoyed every single lecture. She is incredibly entertaining and you just have a great time in class. She is a decent grader, not too many assignments, and her tests are straight foward. You study, you pass. I would totally take another class with her!
4.5 : Sara has a spunky personality and is really a great professor-- I learned way more than I ever expected. She does assign a lot of reading and a whole lot of writing, but the course material is really interesting (in my opinion). Put in work and your grade will reflect it. If you're lazy, don't bother taking her class.
3.5 : She is a sociology professor so that's a bonus. This course did not change my impression of Ethnic Studies at all. There is a lot of required reading and writing so be prepared for that. When doing assignments, it's best to write what you think she wants to hear and not your actual opinion. She is fun and easy to relate to but sometimes arrogant.
5.0 : Best professor at SFSU.
4.0 : The class in general can be an easy A, but the amount of work is ridiculous. Be prepared to write about 3 short essays each week and hate your life. I've never had a college class, let alone high school class, that required so much homework. Readings are usually pretty dull and there are many of them.
5.0 : She is a great Professor. Knows a lot about her subject, and lets you learn on your own. Gives you a lot of reading and essays, but it's all very interesting and helps you become a better writer.  She is always there when you need help, if you show you care about her class.
4.5 : She is a brilliant lecturer. Her ability to create a narrative for American historical periods is inimitable. The lectures would be enhanced, however, if she weaved readings into lecture more effectively. There were a lot of readings, but the essay questions were very fair. Definitely take a class with her
4.5 : She explains things very well, her lectures are rreeaallyy dry and boring most of the time, very friendly.  However some how either she, or her assistant, lost my Midterm...
3.0 : It was a very long semester. I thought it was going to be an easy A, but I was wrong. I didn't attend lectures too often and that was my problem. I think it's important to attend her lectures because she gives out information google doesn't. Also I did really bad on the quizzes. She's a great professor, just attend every lecture and you'll do fine.
5.0 : I don't usually like history but I really liked this class. The lectures were like stories, so following along and taking notes was easy. Plus she taught about things like tattoos and hip-hop. The hardest part of this class was keeping up with the reading. Four quizzes based on the reading but she drops the lowest score. A great class!
4.0 : 3 in class exams and one final paper. The final paper and final exam are worth 40% of your grade and no extra credit opportunities are given. Need to buy all four books and will have to actually read all four of them. She reads her lecture for the entire duration of class and rarely gives anyone a chance to talk - very dense, heavy lectures.
5.0 : Dr. Painter is an amazing professor! Though his lectures are a bit fast pace, he makes himself available after every class if you need extra help and he's super understanding. He has his students best interest at mind (especially when grading) and he's hilarious!
4.5 : He's deaf but that doesn't affect his teaching abilities. He's crystal clear and very willing to help! Great professor!
4.0 : A knowledgeable  professor who responded to emails quickly and was a huge help during his office hours. He tells you when your tests will be a few weeks in advance and makes is very clear what will be on them. He is deaf but that doesn't stop him from clearly communicating with you and being a good professor.
5.0 : Dr. Painter is an amazing teacher. I took him for Inorganic, then Quant and Quant lab and he is always super helpful. He is also very funny. Definitely take his classes!
5.0 : Awesome teacher!  Go to class, and do the homework and any class you have with him will be easy. He's deaf, but can explain chemistry better than any other teacher!
3.5 : I hated his lecture and lab. Deducts points for the littlest things. All he cares about is significant figures. DO NOT TAKE HIM. Take Dr. Lau
4.5 : Take this class!! Prof. Painter is a wonderful teacher. He is deaf, so this is an immersion class, so you learn quickly! I highly recommend his class to all! He is funny and engaging, and always make sure he is understood.
5.0 : really good professor. going to class is a must because he take attendance everyday and there are participation and clicker questions for points. He does drop the 5 lowest participation points, meaning you can miss 5 classes without that part affecting your grade. Video lectures are posted on the ilearn.
5.0 : Professor Painter is a great professor.  While not super interested in chemistry and as an average student, I must say I'd take this course again. 2 midterms, 1 final, hw due weekly online, and in-class participation through iClicker questions.  He drops the lowest hw grade and you can miss up to 5 lectures.  Gives good visual examples in slides.
5.0 : Dr. Painter is by far my favorite teacher! I had him for o-chem lab, gen chem 2 lab and I even took a sign language class from him! He's only 30, but he's definitely one of the smartest teachers at SFSU. The coarse material he teaches is sometimes hard, but he makes it as easy to understand as possible. Definitely take him if you can!
5.0 : Dr. Painter was a fantastic teacher! His lectures were easy to follow and his exams were fair. I took him for Quant over the summer. The only negative of this class was the homeworks, which are online. They take a LONG time to complete, but they help you for the exams and from my experience they weren't impossible (use Chegg!).
5.0 : Dr. Painter is an amazing teacher. His lectures are easy to understand despite being fast-paced, and he's so organized that he knows how long he needs to cover each topic, down to the minute. Exams are easy so long as you show up to lecture and work on his practice exams. Highly recommend any class you can take with him.
4.5 : Dr. Painter is AMAZING! I emailed him all the time with my questions and he was always good with his responses. Kind of a tough grader, but take advantage of his office hours. His interpreters are sassy, but they do a great job too.
3.0 : Wish i could sign  language bc this guy is hot. also a really good chemistry professor, makes it clear and avoids unnecessary details.
4.0 : Painter is very intelligent, but assumes his students are equally as intelligent. He glosses over really complicated material and moves along very quickly. I find myself lost each class. The assignments are not difficult but are word-heavy and require a lot of decoding. You have to work hard to pass his class. Great teacher though.
5.0 : This guy is great. If you're looking for an interesting professor that will BLOW your mind and actually foster your GROWTH then this is the guy. If you want to be that next person, if you want to be a global leader one day, then take this guy. He inspirers you. He's qualified. He's taught at Purdue, has written several books, and has won awards.
4.5 : Truly a class act! Challenging yet he pushes you to think outside the box. I left almost every class meeting mind blown!! One of the best teachers at SF State!
5.0 : He is honestly one of the best professors out there, my first day I was intimidated by him but he's a sweetheart and super smart. Very helpful, some of the books make no sense but don't worry lectures will help you bc you go over the important stuff. 7 quizzes, one presentation and an 20 page encyclopedia. Mind blowing teacher.
5.0 : Sam is one of the most inspirational instructors I have ever had in my college career. I mean that! His lectures will leave you mind blown and he is extremely passionate about his profession. Take him!
5.0 : McCormick is the best teacher I have ever had. His teaching methods manipulate your mind to think differently and I was drawn to him like a fly to a lantern. It's a lot of work, but it was well worth a C on my transcript to experience a new way of thinking.
5.0 : He is a phenomenal teacher. Lacan is difficult to read, to say the least, but he makes it easy to understand and makes the class worth taking. HIGHLY recommend him.
4.5 : I usually get A's and I got a B+ in his class, so I'd agree he's a tough grader- but I'd take him again!
4.5 : McCormick sure can teach! He know his stuff, one of the hardest Communication class I have taken at SF State, but it is worth taking him! Anything he said will blow your mind away. This is the only class where I learned so much, you never walk out of this class the same, it always something news! DON'T PROCRASTINATE! Or else you might get a C.
4.0 : Very nice guy, gives good feedback, and finds beauty in every piece you make. He's very helpful when you need some pointers. He can tend to ramble during lectures. He'll write you a letter of recommendation if you want. His teaching can be somewhat rigid, didn't get to a lot of topics I wanted, and wants to see very specific things.
5.0 : One of the best classes I've ever taken. Mark gently but masterfully guides us to become professionals in understanding all the crucial elements of putting together a successful exhibit from doing essential research to matching paint colors to getting scuff marks off the floor to the difference between spot lighting &amp; flood lighting. Awesome!
5.0 : great professor
5.0 : Such a great professor! Genuinely cares about students and their progress. You will not regret taking his class!
1.0 : His final is very difficult. There are 25 questions in 2 and half hours.You will fail your final.  The final counts 50% of the total grade.
4.5 : He explains everything very well and makes it easy to understand every single concept. The midterms are easy too, even though they are closed book. The final, however, was so ridiculously  difficult, but if you focused in class and understand the concepts rather than just learn answers by heart off a study guide, you'll pass even this final.
5.0 : applause. learned stuff. pretty happy about the experience and outcome. he's much much better than the professor last year I took 350 with. no matter you like his teaching style or not, you will pass without much difficulty.
4.5 : Lin is a pretty cool guy. That being said there are a few things you need to know going into this class. first off,he likes students to attend and participate in his lectures. Most importantly,the class is graded on a ranked bell curve system so acing the midterms are a must if you want a good grade overall. You will most likely fail the final.
4.0 : If you study hard enough, you will make it. Otherwise, You will not pass the class. Suggest, go to every class and study homework and his lecture note. Great experience. But final is a little hard.
5.0 : It's no easy subject but prof lin handled it very very well. I enjoyed every class. 2nd time taking 350 and I got A-! key to success: attendance, attendance and attendance. You'd feel the exam very hard if you miss classes, though the questions were just from homework and notes. don't complain if you didn't get A cuz you just didn't deserve it.
5.0 : He made a difficult subject straight-forward and easy. Your entire grade is based on the midterm and final, the homework is worth very little. However, the exams are very similar to homework and class problems. Practice those, and you'll do well.
5.0 : Shengle Lin is an awesome instructor. Clear, concise, and relatively easy. He gives quick homework online that you can retake until you get 100%. He gives extra credit and the exams are decently easy.  For Finance 350 he is the shining star.
5.0 : Clear and concise. The best way to lean Finance.
5.0 : the class is straigtforward: homework, 1 midterm and 1 final. In the end, he curves the class. Exams are sampled from his homework and practice questions. Study a little bit and it is easy to pass.
5.0 : Got a B- in midterm. Only need a D to graduate, so skipped all remaining classes. Joyfully surprised to see B+ today!!!! Super easy class. I'm in heaven now.
5.0 : This probably the only meaningful finance class I took at SFSU. Have to say all other finance classes were fluffy and useless. Lin is a humble person but he really knows what hes teaching. Homework is the key to top grades.
5.0 : Prof Lin is probably one of the best profs in SFSU.  Fin350 is one of the hardest classes for bus majors but he makes the subject easier  for non finance majors to learn.  Take him if you wanna pass Fin350, he is the best!
5.0 : the best finance professor at school. very knowledgeable and genuinely interested in helping students. A+ professor!
5.0 : This class is much easier than I thought. Most of the homework is about calculation, so make sure to buy a financial calculator.  4 homework,  4 quizzes, 1 midterm and 1 final. The midterm is very similar to the homework, so be sure to do the homework. Prof Lin will provide all the formula in exam. No need to buy the textbook; save a lot of money.
5.0 : Professor Lin was so nice. This class was so much easier than I thought. To pass the class, you have to go to class, pay attention, take good notes, and do your homework. It's an easy A class but it requires effort. 1 midterm (30%) and One final  (50%). Do your homework an understand it. The exams are the same as homework with just different #'s.
1.0 : Worst Professor Ever!!!! He does not know how to teach, his midterm is tricky and his final is hard. He has like 5 different versions of the test he also makes a seating chart so if your sitting in the back he will move u to the front seat. Stupid Professor he only cares about no one cheating in his class and he stands right behind you on the exam.
3.5 : Lin is the hidden secret for getting past Fin 350. Take him, practice everything and you'll pass. Class is very straight forward - midterm and a final plus participation (attendance) is 5%.
5.0 : Great professor in the world! I am fair for this world not because I am Chinese. His class really leaned a lot. And make everyone enjoy the class.
5.0 : Very clear and short lectures, won't waste your time speaking about non sense. The class has a great structure, very clear powerpoints and notes to study. One of the best teacher, low amounts of hw.
4.5 : One of the amazing teachers i have seen in SFSU. Amazing class, long lectures but come to class easily get a B+. 2 test, mid and a final. Final comprehensive. His exams are exactly same as the quizzes he posts online (and i mean exactly the same). Do them online and you'll pass this class easy peasy. Even if you try you cannot fail this class.
5.0 : Excellent lectures. amazed by the honesty of the professor's views and by how foolish a world we're living in. Course is quite predictable: you can easily do well and you know you'll do well.
5.0 : a course into hedge fund investing. a midterm, a team stock-picking project and 4 hedge fund pros as guests. Learned a ton. Must take for serious finance students. Overall, highly dedicated professor with a caring heart.
5.0 : Great teacher. Participation points(attendance), weekly journal entries, 2 group projects and a final paper is what makes up your grade. If you miss class or a journal thats a huge part of your participation points. Class is interesting so showing up isn't tough.  Extra credit is given incase you do miss a journal or class. Overall a great teacher!
4.5 : No tests just 2 group projects and a paper at the end and an easy journal each week.
5.0 : His class is just great! Highly recommended!
3.5 : Pretty straight forward class. There are no tests, just weekly journals, two group projects (which was the hardest part for me), and a paper. He's pretty laid back, but expects you to come to class and participate. He gives you a fair amount of extra credit. There's really no reason not to pass his class.
4.0 : I enjoyed this class because I like IO Psych, but many people found it very boring. It's not a hard class. Two group projects that he gives time in class to work on, a self-reflective journal every week, occasional attendance, and an 8 page paper at the end. He's a nice guy, and the class is mostly discussion based. Overall an easy class.
5.0 : Dr. Eschleman is great! I/O psych class that really gives good insight to work &amp; outside life. No tests, 2 group projects that are straight forward, &amp; weekly journals that you should really do because they count for a lot and will help you TREMENDOUSLY on the final paper. Highly recommended!
4.0 : Midterm &amp; Final, mostly book based. Participation in class &amp; online discussion board is essential. 1 group project, easy. Discussion board post is APA format but casual writing is acceptable as long as it's grammatically correct.
4.0 : Participation is required. She is very involved in the class you can tell she loves to teach. Does groups activities during class to get us up and moving. I had her for  a Hybrid class, 1 quiz, 1 midterm 1 final all online. If you attend class and pay attention there is no way you wont pass.
4.5 : Great class it really gave me knowledge that I can apply to real life and Jana and Shaun where super nice and always willing to help or talk about anything.
5.0 : Really nice teacher so down to earth. She does assign a lot of papers but she is always there to help you. She is a really cool professor who looks out for her students.
4.0 : Never had a class like Vanessa's before, highly recommend taking her! Learned alot about communicating, writing, and I feel like she does a good job at preparing you for business jobs. Her teaching is great &amp; informative. 1 group project &amp; presentation and 1 individual project &amp; pres.  Work is easy just do them, no test, no quiz, no extra credit.
5.0 : Vanessa is a great teacher! Class is easy but don't fall behind: memos, cover letter, resume, &amp; 2 business proposals (one group &amp; one indiv). Assignments are applicable in the business world. You won't regret taking her!
3.5 : Great teacher overall. Youthful, nice and relatable. Engages w students in an easy way. Offers various mediums for understanding subject. I'd take her again. My only complaint is her schedule was scattered. No one knew exactly when anything was due, except for the two major assignments: group project and individual.
5.0 : Vanessa is great. Caring and thoughtful. Focused on her students. Also her use of CARP is great!
5.0 : Great instructor for Bus-300GW. The class is designed to be difficult but she makes it much easier. Her course load (number of assignments) are way less than the other Bus-300Gw instructors. Class is interesting, homework isn't difficult, papers aren't long and she doesn't have a minimum page length. She's worth your time. Hotness.
4.5 : She is great! I learned more about writing in the first 2 weeks of this class than I did in any other composition classes. I also learned more about the marketing process from Vanessa than I did from my Marketing professor. She thinks she is a relaxed grader, but I argue that she is that good of a teacher that we all learned what to do.
4.0 : Be ready to be bombarded with multiple assignments! For her assignments she offers little to no guidelines so you have a lot of freedom to do what you want. The good part about this class is that there are no exams, but there is 1 group paper/presentation and 1 individual paper/presentation.
4.0 : Vanessa is a laid back instructor who is easy to talk to, cares about her students, and values their input. She's the best! Do all the assignments and show up to every class, she doesnt offer extra credit, just do the work, its easy- but dont think bc she's nice she'll let it slide- she wont. ASK QUESTIONS to CLARIFY DATES + ASSIGNMENT REQUIREMENTS
2.5 : Schedule is scattered, reading is scattered and there are a lot of assignments for a typical Business writing class so make sure you keep up to date! I wish she would have given better examples for the assignments, it was mostly up to the students to gather notes from the book and her random in class tips for the writing assignments.
5.0 : Best professor to take for Bus 300. I had her for a four hour summer class and it always went by fast. She knows how to keep the class interested and breaks it up with ted talks, discussions and reading jigsaws. She is young, friendly and laid-back but you will learn so much from her about communication and being professional in business.
4.0 : There's definitely a lot of reading and writing for her 214 class and you cant pass without actually reading the material. Definitely attend all the classes because she takes attendance. There's a paper (3-5 pgs.) every week &amp; a few 5+ essays throughout the course so beware. She's super nice &amp; engages in conversations with students.
4.5 : Took this class in summer, tons of work but she is a easy grader and gave helpful feedback.  It is hard to fail this class unless you want to!
3.0 : Her class was fairly easy. Workloads are acceptable. Take her if you struggle with presentation since it holds less percentage : only 1 group, and 1 individual presentation. Major assignments are group business proposal and individual business report. Easy B!
5.0 : Awesome teacher!  She's young, passionate and caring.  RARE.  Show up, do the work &amp; participate and you will get a good grade.    Don't try to BS your way through it, she'll sniff it out.  Grade consists of 1 individual project, 1 group project, 2 email series, a memo, business letter, resume/cover letter and response to a series of yelp reviews.
3.0 : The class is easy/moderate work if you keep up with the assignments. Don't bother buying the textbook - I did my readings in class and still got full points. She is a little clumsy and late in giving feedback, nevertheless very nice professor! Have to get good grades in ALL assignments to get A grade. Take help, do not fall back! Good luck.
3.0 : She does not offer EC, so to get good grades, you need to consistently perform well and above average.
2.5 : She's a good teacher but her prompts are super unclear. You write a few 1-2 page response papers and about five 3-5 page papers.
2.0 : I don't like her teaching.
5.0 : Vanessa is a great Professor! She's available for help, but you need to ask. It's not the professor fault if you stay behind because you don't ask for help. Read the sylabus and stay ahead of yourself. One group project, one individual business report. HWs are not long (1-2 pages max), including trip report, memo, resume, cover letter..
5.0 : Taplin is a great professor! There were 9 Homework assignments, 3 Quizzes and 2 Essays. The final is an essay. He explains everything really well and has a great sense of humor.
5.0 : Taplin is one of the best professors I've had during my first semester in college! He explains the material quite clearly, and does all he can so that everyone can get a good grade. The class load was pretty fair. He gives so much time to complete homework and essays, all of which are online. I enjoy coming to class, even at 9:30 in the morning.
5.0 : he is good and very easy to pass
5.0 : James Taplin is a great teacher! He is passionate about his subject, goes through the material in a fun way (not very bound by the textbook)and he has a great sense of humor. You have a lot of extra credit opportunities, and the subject itself is not hard to pass. Tip: be engaged in discussion, and he will give you a good grade.
5.0 : Kinda a dork, but knows the stuff. He's really good at greek and has pretty eyes.
4.0 : Your class grade is determined by one midterm paper (5pg), a final paper (5pg), and weekly responses to the readings (1pg). Plus, a special project... which could be another paper or presentation w a group. Lectures are kind of dull, but professor seems very passionate about the class and the weekly presentations help you understand the readings.
5.0 : He is a awesome professor, I would hands down recommend him to anyone. There were only two tests, the midterm and the final, but he prepares you for it really well. There were also writing assignments, I think 5 in total. They were simple, and he would hand them back as soon as possible. He also gave great feedback.
4.0 : He assigns a lot of reading but makes the class fun. But be sure to show up and do the work.
4.0 : he is such a sweet man and his class is such a comfortable environment. there are a lot of plays you read over the semester and assigned reading every night, but its not too much so if you keep up with the readings you should be fine. if you arent interested in greek and roman stuff then dont take this class, it will be difficult for you to follow
5.0 : I'm surprised that Prof. Avinger's rating here isn't higher.  He gave interesting lectures and his feedback was very helpful.
5.0 : Super kind man and I love is lectures he really cares about what he's talking about. I would highly suggest you read all the plays for this class
4.0 : The reading and discussions are very interesting. Just be sure to keep up with the reading since your midterm and final are all based from it. Subject matter can be a bit dense, but it isn't that big of a deal. Professor is very engaging and enthusiastic about the material he teaches. If you're into this stuff, then take his class. I've enjoyed it.
5.0 : Elias is a cool guy and he cares about the works we read and the movies we watched. 3 tests pretty easy if you went to class. One movie and one reading per week. Homework once a week but its easy. If you enjoy ancient Greek and Roman culture this is the class for you. Easy GE class
4.0 : This guy is very enthusiastic and engaging, but this class just wasn't for me.  Lots of hard and confusing readings on the ideas of early philosophers like Plato, Socrates, Augustine, etc.  I eventually just gave up trying to understand the readings. 2 papers and 2 written exams.  Easy class to pass, but not exactly an easy A.
5.0 : Elias is a very kind man. You can tell that he really cares about what he teaches. He broke down the class schedule very wisely. 10/10 would recommend him.
5.0 : Elias  is an amazing professor!  He is very enthusiastic, engaging, and wants his students to succeed.  There are a lot of readings in this class so you are going to have to put in the work. Overall, I took a lot out of this class and started to view things differently. Just be prepared for the readings, 2 exams, 2 papers and you should be fine.
5.0 : I love Deborah! She is so helpful when it comes to your papers. Gives you pretty much all the data to help you write your paper. She breaks everything down for you. Always go see her during office hours because she can help with your paper in more detail. Follow her guidelines and read her comments and you will pass! i wish she taught more classes!
5.0 : Deborah is a wonderful professor. I would definitely take her again if she taught another class. She is very empathetic and really cares about the success of her students. Just make sure you read her comments on your papers and improve on them, because she definitely takes notice!
5.0 : Deborah is one of the best professors I've had at State. She is always available for students when she can. She is always openminded to students lives because she knows we have a lot on our plates. She is a tough grader BUT gives GREAT comments on papers to help you succeed. Have any questions, ASK HER and you'll do fine :)
5.0 : Excellent professor! Obviously loves teaching and helping student suceed. Be ready to research and write. Super detailed on the commments in papers. If you follow them you will learn how to write for science. Very strict on tardiness and attendence.
5.0 : Professor Craig is one of the most helpful and understanding professors I have ever had! (:
5.0 : Deborah is by far one of the most caring professors at SFSU. Communication is key with her, just let her know if something is up, and she'll work something out with you so you don't fall behind. She really cares for students and sees them as human beings. Even if you need someone to talk to about life, her door is always open for you :)
5.0 : Professor Craig assigns 4 papers total. She gives very clear outlines and more than enough time to complete assignments. She inspires us and compels students to write for themselves.  Truly helps you develop as a writer. Plus, the help from her TA's is great. Take her! You won't regret it. Promise.
5.0 : REALLY cares about her students, if your going through something and miss class just shoot her an email. Hardest part was showing up to class, the material was easy and basic. 2 test &amp; 4 essays (2 pages). Attend class, do the work and you'll get an A. 9/10 would take again
5.0 : Professor Craig is the most sympathetic, lenient professor I have ever had in my entire life! She goes out of her way to help her students succeed. I highly recommend her for anyone who's interested in Health Ed. And I'm not even in the major. :)
4.0 : Deborah is such a caring professor. She very understanding and always makes sure her students are on track. She's very funny and makes class go by so fast. She is very open and encourages you to seek help from the TA or her. Take her class she helped me grow as a writer.
4.5 : Fair and thoughtful and open to feedback
5.0 : Bar none my favorite professor. Extremely nice, funny, enthusiastic, and he truly cares about each of his students. He knows how public speaking is intimidating so he is very lenient with his grading because of it. I HIGHLY recommend him
5.0 : Great guy, he really cares about students and even wrote me a letter of recommendation for a scholarship. He still remembers my name after a year and asks questions about my life.  He is a fair grader and as long as effort is shown.
4.0 : Super easy class, show up and get a decent grade
5.0 : Super nice and funny guy. He made the class fun. Basically if you put effort into the group projects and act like you care while you're presenting you'll pass. Plus he offers a ton of extra credit on quizzes which is super nice. He's super accommodating and always there to help. Plus he makes the class fun. 10/10 would reccommend
5.0 : Great professor! Class is easy and straight-forward. Two group projects: one group speech and one group paper. Two additional papers required in the class, no other major speeches. The assignments are simple and fair. Need the textbook for multiple-choice quizzes.
4.0 : Really nice teacher. 1 group speech, 1 group paper, 1 mid term, 1 final, and many easy group quizzes. Makes you feel comfortable while giving a speech. Doesn't stress attendance as mandatory but is a harsh grader on it. I only missed class once but was late frequently and got a 20 out of 75 on attendance.
4.5 : Took him for GWAR. It was always a joy to go into class everyday. His big assignments were a bib and lit. but we worked on these 2 paper the whole semester. We also had 10 journals-he had us write personal experience along with concepts with the book. I didn't really read the book, only when i needed to write the journals.
5.0 : Funny, and great teacher. I always enjoyed going to his classes, though it was a night class. Attendance is important with him. Didn't really read at all, but it wasn't really needed since we always went over the material in class via lectures
5.0 : Sami (Omar) is the best professor ever. he is understanding, helpful, smart, and recites Wu Tang lyrics. Quizzes are more than fair, use the book to revise. always smiling, loves Disney. I will miss him.
5.0 : He is one of my favorite professors possible! If youre nervous about speeches he likes to break the ice and make you feel comfortable. The class work is very manageable if you don't get lazy. He's super cheesy and funny, definitely cares for all the students. 10/10 recommend taking this class with him you'll love it!
5.0 : He's a GREAT TEACHER! I would recommend him to all my peers planning to take COMM 150. Easy class and wonderful teacher! I love Sammie, I wish I can take him again. So sad this class is coming to an end.
4.5 : Best teacher I've had so far at SFSU. Funny, sweet, and really cares about his students. Makes coming to an 8am class worth it.
4.5 : Great teacher not too much work you just need to pay attention in class. He is very very nice
5.0 : Hands down the best class I have taken at SF state &amp; I was nervous about taking a speech class. Sami is hilarious, he is always cracking jokes and making the class laugh. He has ilearn set up so that it is easy to understand- not confusing. Text is used to study for quizzes. Easy, fun, enjoyable class and awesome teacher.
5.0 : He is the nicest professor I've taken so far. He is very accommodating to his students. He tells corny and funny jokes. He is very outgoing, so it helps the 8AM class go by faster. There are 5 quizzes, not that hard. 2 big papers and 2 big projects. a few minor projects here and there.
5.0 : The nicest and easiest teacher you will come across! Make sure to take comm150 with him! His classes are all easy going and all of his assignments are pretty straight forward and easy, just do the work. Quizzes are a bit hard but goes over the material before the quiz so just study up a little. Overall comfortable atmosphere would def recommend!
5.0 : One of the best classes I have taken because he is genuinely so nice and encouraging!
5.0 : Andrea was great. She was on it! I certainly appreciate her ability to be clear and succinct. While she moved at a rapid clip, her lectures mirrored her online powerpoint presentations and the readings assigned were appropriate.   Her feedback was amazingly thorough and extremely helpful.   I would definitely take a class from her again.
5.0 : Best acting teacher ever!! She really helps you grow as not only a performer, but as a person. Cares about her students and is all around a great person. The class requires you to do a project, a scene and a monologue. You also  need to see 3 plays and then type about your experience seeing it. Easy A and you learn a lot. Recommend to everyone!
4.5 : Professor Slimick was my second reader for my master's thesis years after being my instructor. She is so detail oriented and thoughtful that it only took one round of review before my thesis was accepted. My classmates all went round and with theirs. She's a great teacher and really cares about all of her students and will go out of her way to help
4.5 : Good class kinda easy
5.0 : This was a pretty interesting class that discussed topics I had never really considered before taking it.  WE talked about like why no trucks are allowed on 580 but are allowed on the 880 freeway and how that is because wealth and influence.  I would recommend this class to people who need an interesting elective that applies to your live
5.0 : Jules is an amazing professor. The assignments are fair..not too easy and not too difficult. I learned a lot from her. Not to mention, she's a total babe and extremely approachable. Take this class!
4.5 : I really enjoyed his class. His lectures are very clear, take very good notes, 90% of the tests are based on them. There isn't too much reading and homework is recommended, but you can skip it if you spend time reading notes and textbook, including the examples. Tests are average, pay attention in class and you'll pass with a good grade.
2.0 : I do see alot of good reviews, so I'm guessing I had him his first semester and he has adjusted. When I took him, he was not helpful and relied on the students to walk through lectures during class. He was also extremely rude and very short with instructions for test notes, and small details alike. This man made me hate accounting.
5.0 : Took Professor Hurley 1 year ago in Winter 2015. 2 week winter session was brutal. You finish managerial accounting in 8 days. But even through the long 6 hour lectures, he was clear on the material and on what he expected. If you take him during regular semesters (fall or spring) it should be a very straightforward class. 1 midterm and final Take!
4.5 : He is a good teacher and the class is very organized. Exams are open book and open notes.
4.5 : Tough grader, but definitely a great teacher!
4.5 : I find Professor Hurley very  funny. If you are a sensitive little thing then do not take his class as he might hurt your feelings by making rude comments. All of his exams are 100% straight forward, no tricky questions or unexpected surprises. He actually understands that some people in the class ARE NOT accounting majors. Very little homework
5.0 : Professor Surath is great! Take this class if you want to learn how to sell and communicate better. I learned extremely valuable lessons in this class. You will have to make cold calls and set up a meeting with an outside organization/person to pass this course. His tests come directly from his lectures and the book. I highly recommend him!
1.0 : Surath is a great salesman, I'm sure. However, he is anything but a good professor. The class is totally unorganized. He will change the grading criteria for an assignment after you have turned it in. His curving of grades is nonsensical. If a student receives more points than required, he will curve the total up, which hurts everyone. Do Not Take!
5.0 : Professor Surath is great!  He is very passionate about what he is teaching, and you can tell he knows what he's talking about. Attendance is important so do not skip class if you want a solid grade. Make sure to put forth your best effort towards the final and you are guaranteed to pass.   Really awesome Professor, taught me a lot!
5.0 : Don is a amazing teacher, you will learn a lot from him.   Most of my classmate got a job offer or internship thanks to his assignment    "Be on time,  don't be shy, dont forget the bad words"
5.0 : This class prepares you better for your career than most colleges classes because it teaches you how to stand out from your competition and how to build new connections. Professor Surath is a great sales man and teacher. You learn a lot of practical real-life lessons in this course and his book Conquering Cold Calling Fear is a good read.
4.5 : Professor Surath's class is useful, especially his book "conquering cold calling fear" and his stories from the work. His teaching style is that you have to express your opinions during the class, and he would interact with you. You must learn the cold calling from him. It is helpful for you on ur job. Highly recommended!!
5.0 : Professor Surath is passionate in what he teaches and makes the subject fun. There are challenging assignments, but they are rewarding and useful for the real world (especially for job interviews). Attendance and participation is crucial for this class, and you must be on time. Love this class! Highly recommended!!
4.0 : This was a one unit online class I needed to fulfil the CA Politics requirement. There were only 3 assignments... 2 reflection papers, 1 final essay. If you do it and it looks like a good paper, you get the full grade. Just make sure you read the material and write the 3 papers, then you're guaranteed to get an A.
4.5 : Good !
5.0 : This professor was the best! extremely dedicated and i looked forward to his class every Thursday. Definitely recommend him and I hope to have another class with hims soon!
5.0 : Best class thus far that I have taken at West Valley...
5.0 : As long as you do your work you should be fine. Caserta is truly the man. The class is easy to understand, he is lay back and understands you. He is by far one of the best teachers I have taken. He makes class fun and his teaching style is just amazing. I wish more teachers were like him. Take Professor Caserta's class and you won't regret it! He is truly the best!
5.0 : Simply the best
5.0 : His lectures are engaging, entertaining, and full of interesting information. Tests and assignments are easy and straight forward.
3.5 : Having taken his online class I can't really comment on him. The class itself has proven to be very one-sided and un-challenging. You read a chapter and respond to a question. He provides no feedback specific to what you've written and when I check my grades it seems we're only being graded for completion because I've gotten 100% on everything.
1.0 : Must do homework to pass
5.0 : I am atking Caserta on line now, he is super clear on what he expects out out of you, very fair in his grading, and always is accessible.  I thoroughly enjoy his class, no wonder he class are always so full.  He is great!
5.0 : Caserta is very responsive and lets you know how you are doing daily.  I loved his style of teaching and his passion for politics.
4.5 : best online class I have ever taken.
5.0 : I love the class.  The Power Points are informative and Professor Caserta treats us as adults.  He is fair and professional.  I have learned immensely in this class.
5.0 : Extremely bright and witty.
5.0 : Professor Caserta was responsive to any and all questions that I had.  His class was informational and enjoyable.  I highly recommend him as a professor.
2.0 : Easy Teacher. As long as you do the assigned work you'll pass. Papers are long but you have a week to do it due every monday 4pm.
5.0 : Two page papers due every week, but he grades them very easy. Final and midterm are like the weekly papers, but five prompts instead of the usual 1 or 2, but it's an easy A.
5.0 : Passionate, thorough, and fair.  I loved this class.
5.0 : Professor Caserta's online class was clear and he gave me feedback every week.  I strongly suggested taking his course as I loved it!
4.5 : best online class ever!
4.0 : Took his class online, super easy and straightforward! Just weekly (two-page) essays per chapter, and MCQ + four essays for the midterm and final.
5.0 : Professor Caserta was an awesome professor. He made it easy to remember when online assignments were due because he was consistent with deadlines and always sent out email updates and reminders. I learned a lot and the work was not difficult to complete. Answer questions due every Monday afternoon. He was also very reasonable and understanding.
5.0 : I loved Professor Caserta. He is so easy to talk to and cares about his students. The class is easy in the sense that it is straight forward and there are no tricks. DO NOT MISS ASSIGNMENTS! If you turn in everything and do well on the Final and Midterm you'll do great. Take his class!
4.5 : Great teacher! As previously mentioned, he is pretty straight forward. He offers powerpoint slides and specific sections/chapters in the textbook to get the current topic across. He definitely knowledgeable and witty. I like it in a sense he gives you the power on how to reflect on the political system. Your impressions and views. Great class.
5.0 : Best professor I have taken as a gator.  Caserta was accessible and very fair and the topics he presented were extremely interesting and helpful. I recommend Caserta!
5.0 : BEST online class you can take if he's available.  Weekly assignment is a two page paper with the topics given.  Use Ariel font and it's a piece of cake.  Midterm and final are basically the weekly assignment, but its 5 of them so a total of 10 pages, but again ariel font will pull you through. The book was not used, just google everything.
5.0 : Ladies and Gentleman! this guy is freakin awesome. On a scale 1-10 he's 10. this class is not a CSU Requirement or UC to graduate. You will take more out of this class than you would ever know ONLY if you show up. and if you decide to ditch the class, you know what they say "what goes around, comes around."
5.0 : The funniest, yet most effective teacher at SJSU. Gets his point across and makes you want to participate. I learned so much in his POLS 1 class. This guy is the truth!!! You will not be disappointed. Be prepared to learn and laugh in the process.
5.0 : Best on line class I have taken at SFSU.  Caserta was fair, witty, and responsive.  I recommend his class fully!
5.0 : Take him, loved the class, he was clear in his expectations and accessible, I learned a great deal about CA politics from Caserta.
4.0 : This is a 200 level class, so the weekly 2-4 page write-ups seem unnecessarily extra, and I'm accustomed to doing a lot of writing.   Over all an interesting course with some good reads.  TIP: You don't really need the book so don't waste your time buying it.
5.0 : Best class I have taken at SFSU, he really knows his stuff.
5.0 : This is only a one credit course. It was fun and easy, taught me a lot of things i didn't know and was useful in self-guidance.
4.0 : Online class is based off of readings and lecture ppts, you complete section readings then submit two reflection on the readings, final consists of an essay. Stay on top of reading or you will fall behind, other than that easy course. learn a lot about general  California politics
4.5 : Really chill online class with prompt feedback.
4.0 : Caserta is a rigorous teacher, and if you like learning when you go to school, I highly recommend taking from him. Dom will treat you like an adult who knows how to take care of themselves, he's not there to babysit you. However, if you do need help, personally approaching him is typically very productive. You wont pass if you don't attend.
4.0 : Super easy A. Easy grader for sure. 3 small papers due throughout the semester. California politics sounds pretty boring, but he made the content interesting by choosing stuff students could relate too.
5.0 : Graded on 2 papers, 3 tests and the final. Movies prof. Persley
5.0 : Graded on 2 papers, 3 tests and the final. Movies prof. Persley shows in class are really interesting.
2.0 : Pretty disappointing. Material wise, she teaches very deeply but not very wide (opposite of what an intro class should be.)  I don't get the feeling that she knows enough about film to be teaching it. She mentioned that CSM is making her restructure her class, which is probably for the best. Can't recommend with her current teaching style.
5.0 : She was absolutely amazing. This class will have you reading interesting books and analyzing them critically. Its hard work but you come out smarter. She is very clear about what she wants as she puts them on ilearn titled learning activities. All around excellent course!
5.0 : great professor and really wants you to get involved. I took her Group theraphy course and she is a fair grader.
5.0 : Teague is an exceptional professor and genuine person. His enthusiasm and vigor for the subject are so contagious I'm considering changing my major to computer science. The class doesn't have very much structure; no tests (except for midtermfinal) and only a few assignments with MAJOR potential for ec. He really just wants you to know how to code.
5.0 : One of the best Phil. teachers I've had in state so far! Daniel's engaging, funny, smart, and keeps the whole classroom atmosphere alive. A great teacher makes for a great class. So with that said, Daniel gets my 'bad ass teacher' seal of approval.
5.0 : Really nice guy. I truly appreciate his class and lectures. He's funny, engaging, dorky and just wonderful. Take this class! Online quizzes and 3 papers. Not hard at all.
5.0 : Very fun classroom environment with good discussions.  He clearly enjoys interacting with the students
5.0 : Great teacher, interacts with his students. Easy and fun class. All the quizzes are online, so you can find answers online as well. But take notes because sometimes answers cannot be found online and only in his notes. Just make sure you do hw because he doesn't assign a lot so it will affect your grade. Finals was easy A.
5.0 : Professor Gluch is AMAZING a real easy A, do your small quizzes, a couple online assignments that are just like a couple sentences NO FINAL NO MIDTERM, just a presentation, he grades so easily, and is hilarious, and really makes his classes enjoyable. Would highly recommend !!!
5.0 : I love Radha! She's a great teacher and super chill. You can talk to her as if she's your best friend. She gives really good feedback on your speeches too. I didn't think I'd get an A because my speeches were not the best but if you show that you put in true effort, that will definitely help you. Loved this class mucho
4.5 : This class was pretty easy but I got a B+ because I missed one of the tests.  She is a great teacher and really engages with her students. Also might I add she is like the hottest teacher i've ever had or even seen.  Seriously she is super super hot.
4.5 : She's super sweet and chill, I don't feel like I learned a lot of new stuff in the class, but she is a really nice person and over all good professor.
5.0 : Best English Professor i have ever had!!! Take her class! I had 3 hours in one day and still didnt get bored! does really cool assignment too!
5.0 : She is the sweetest professor ever!  Took her 3-hour class from 4-7pm and thought I would hate this class, but I ended up enjoying it!  It's sad that she's not teaching next semester, but hopefully she'll be back in the future.
5.0 : Prof. Burke is awesome &amp; very friendly. I had her at CCC last spring and I thought I was going to hate her, but I didn't. She became one of my favorite professors; she taught in a way that helped students understand reading material fast &amp; easy. She helps a lot in writing essays too. I would love to take another class with her if she returns to CA.
5.0 : Miss Hardy is an amazing teacher!  Our class was 2 hours and 45 minutes and she kept us learning and entertained the entire time which is extremely hard to do.  She is an amazing writer and poet and always helpful if you need anything.  She does assign a lot of work but she really pushes you to become a better writer.
5.0 : Loved Prof Tomash!  I had her last fall for CW 510 Short Short story class--excellent.  She and her THREE T.A.'s were all excellent in giving productive feedback and encouragement on our writing assignments.  Lots of reading, lots of writing, and a ton of group work.  The syllabus was a bit confusing, but she happily clarified as needed. Take her!
4.5 : Barbara is very knowledgeable about her topic and eager to see students stretch themselves. A decent amount of reading and a writing assignment each week. As long as you stay on top of your work and attend class regularly, you should be fine.
2.0 : Would not recommend her.
5.0 : My favorite class. Prof. Jackson made my first college semester experience pleasant. I loved coming to class, and loved all the extra credit opportunities even more. I learned so much, he opened my eyes to the world of resistance and I am forever thankful!
5.0 : This is honestly the best class I've taken to be honest. He's such a sweet man and you can tell he's passionate about it. We had weekly essays, and those can get annoying but they're really easy to write, therefore and easy A. If you get the opportunity, TAKE HIS CLASS. You wont regret it!
5.0 : Professor Jackson is the most amazing teacher I have ever had. He engages really well with his students. I had the class once a week and if you miss it you'll miss an entire movement. He is so kind and very understanding. He also gives amazing extra credit opportunities. TAKE PROFESSOR JACKSON! YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!
4.5 : A semester-long class group project, but you turn in individual research report at the end. Report is easy though since you work on the whole thing during each class session. Final is the compilation &amp; just needs to be bound-edited and made to look pretty. If you've done the work throughout, very easy. Don't be late. No food or drink, computer lab.
4.0 : Lab class, so you're expected to show up every day to complete labs. There are make up lab days but there is usually a new lab every class so it is smarter to just show up every day and on time. No quizzes and only two tests: midterm and final. Not too difficult. Very easy-going teacher and is very helpful. Makes students laugh and she is so cute!
5.0 : Great professor. Enjoyed his class (taken at CRC). Gives opportunities for extra credit. Cares about the students and is reachable easily outside of class (especially over email). Would definitely take another one of his classes if I needed to. 5 reading responses, 5 quizzes, mid-term and final for grand total of 100 pts.
4.0 : He's becomes boring sometimes.  Participate and the class will feel much better.  Overall, not hard stuff but, pretty boring.  He's not a bad professor.  There are homework assignments which can be done almost any time towards the end which are extremely easy so just do them all early.  I just didn't put effort so ignore my grade.
5.0 : He's awesome.  Took him in CRC.  Graded on top 5 scores (out of 15) for reading responses.  A midterm is basically reading responses but longer and we choose the topic.  Final is basically the midterm again.  In-class quizzes are easy just pay attention in class.  Also, he's kinda shy.
4.5 : Hibba is great! Definitely one of my favorite lab instructors that I've had here...and I've had some great ones (luckily). She is very helpful and approachable. This was probably my favorite class of the semester. Gonna miss it!
4.0 : PROS: you will be learning a LOT but will have a lot of fun doing it, she is really nice and easy to talk to, best lab I've had! CONS: she's married :( , lots of time goes into studying for this course
5.0 : Silvan is extremely knowledgeable, helpful, and crystal clear. He makes sure he understands your questions completely and then helps you through to the answer.
5.0 : He is amazing! Any classes he teaches I will take. He is very knowledgeable and helpful. We need more teachers like him in our department!Regarding the projects.. you need to come to class and do work, don't miss presentations and try not to turn things in late!! he will mark you down for each day. The projects are fun and good for your portfolio.
5.0 : A tough grader with high expectations, but he makes his expectations clear. If you are good he will know it and challenge you. If you are an idiot he is more flexible (mercy or pity?) A little annoying when people do terrible work and receive the same grade as you.
5.0 : Professor Linn provides challenging projects to help learn about design. He's a helpful teacher. Most of my portfolio work is from the courses I've had with him including DAI460, DAI421, and DAI521 and they helped me to land an industrial design intern position. None of the other projects I've created with other professors accomplished that.
5.0 : Great professor, learned a lot, is nice and willing to help. He makes everything very clear. Would take again.
4.0 : Omar is a super helpful and chill professor. Very gorgeous!!!! Take him, I'm pretty sure you're going to pass!!!!!
5.0 : He was a phenomenal professor! His choice of poems was great and you even get to listen to music. listen to Kendrick Lamars album for homework. Cant get much better. He is very open and accepting to different interpretations of poems. I would definitely take a thousand times more. He funny and very enthusiastic about poetry.
5.0 : Best professor ever! He loves poetry and makes you care about it too. We read Gerard Manley Hopkins and Robert Frost, and Kendrick Lamar and Jony Mitchell. I liked that we studied a lot of non-white poets.
4.0 : She's sweet and genuinely wants you to learn and have fun .
5.0 : Loved this class!!!
4.0 : Really passionate about writing and actually puts together really good topics to write about. Not a lot of papers, a couple short oral reports and reading is all conveniently put together in a $20 journal. Enjoyed being in the small class setting and really grew as writer.
4.0 : Had to buy a $20 book, she cares a lot for her students but will not hold her tongue when it comes to something she is passionate about. Constantly interrupts people when they are speaking and will have a problem when your ideas and thoughts don't line up with hers. Send emails after every class explaining the homework assignment. Very helpful.
4.0 : Every week you have to read 4 short stories and take a quiz on all of them. I got a B+,  and begged her to bring it up to an A-, she didn't. There were only 4 paper due, no tests. She's funny af, and very smart. Must attend class, she notices when you don't &amp; will call you out, you talk about controversial topics in class not a lot about english
5.0 : She is inspiring, spunky, and talkative! She will assign writing practices, read the best ones (anonymously) in class, and give you constructive criticism and ideas on the direction your essay should go. There's easy quizzes for small readings. Don't take her if you are a sensitive liberal because she is straight-forward.
5.0 : Very interesting class and teacher. Her essays and stories were always entertaining. Hippie-dippy kind of teacher but gives a lot of work. LOVED this class, wish I could have her again
5.0 : Great Professor. She uses her own custom made textbook. You'll need to buy it, it's $20. She admits that she's a tough grader on papers, but anyone can get an 'A' in her class assuming they work hard and participate. She does not allow you to make-up in class quizzes. Attendance is mandatory.
5.0 : She was lovely. One of the best professors.
5.0 : Tests can be difficult at times, but they are curved if the grades are too bad.  Extra credit is also given, and a C- is 60%.
5.0 : She is amazing professor! She gives you all the tools to pass this class with grade "A" and also to obtain actual practical knowledges. Very fair grading system. If you didn't do well on midterm you still have chance to get good grade at the end of the class. She is willing to help with any questions or concerns you may have during semester.
5.0 : Prof Kakar made the class relevant to the economy. She gives lots of simple examples so we can understand the text better. I don't like large lectures but she tried to make us participate. Homework/tests are easy and the she uses both slides and the board for the lecture. Very helpful in office hours.Take her!
5.0 : She is a very helpful and a very encouraging professor. I had almost failed my first test but she helped me so much in office hours and answered my questions over emails so I could improve my grade in the other exams. I would want to take an Econ class again with her.
1.0 : Just read the power point, hard to get a B or higher grade, don't recommend to take her class, heavy assignment.
5.0 : Professor Kakar is a great teacher. She genuinely cares for her students. I like that in the beginning of every class she connects the material to the previous lecture. Easy material if you go to class!!
5.0 : Professor Kakar did great at explaining the main parts of the lecture, what to expect for the test with
 reviews and making the class fun and engaging as possible with games and videos relating to the
 lesson.
5.0 : This is my second time taking a class with Professor Kakar. I got an A in the intro class and am pretty sure I can get an A this sem too. The material is built over her previous class. She had actually advised me to take the intermediate class right after the into to macro class and I feel like I remember more than others. She is very helpful!:)
5.0 : Kakar is an awesome professor. She gives you resources beyond the syllabus to help you understand econ in the real world. She has very interesting lectures. I will definitely get an A in this class. I will be back to take more of her classes!
3.5 : Kakar is an awesome professor. She's young and mindful of keeping the class material relevant to us as 20-something's. Very sweet person, doesn't take BS in class though. Pay attention in class and do the HW and you should pass.
4.0 : I took Macro 102 with her and I really liked her. her powerpoints were clear and she knows what shes talking about. shes young but knowledgable.
4.0 : Venno, is a great teacher because she knows what she is talking about. Its very important to attend class,because it will help you with the homework. There will be three exams in total. There is homework every week, which is due on Sunday. Not an easy class, but if you are willing to work for it, then you can pass it.
4.0 : Took her 3 hr class. Definitely wasn't for me. Aplia homework every week, a huge MUST. Lecture wasn't mandatory, but highly recommended. Grading curve is pretty low, so a 60% is basically a C. Pretty passable class, as long as you keep up.
5.0 : Kakar is a smart, young, nice lady who knows her stuff. I loved her class! Her lectures are based off powerpoint slides. Expect online homework every week worth 30% of your overall grade, 2 midterms each worth 20%, and a final worth 30% along with some extra credit. I loved her class! Take her!
4.0 : I would highly recommend Kakar for Econ 102! She has her own grading scale which makes it hard NOT to pass her class! I was in her 3 hour class this semester and it did get pretty boring and tiring, but she did let us out early several times. The tests are a bit tough but she gives extra credit. I'd really recommend her!!
5.0 : I absolutely do not regret taking Macro with Kakar, even if it was a 3 hour lec.  I enjoyed her style of teaching. She goes through a powerpoint which is fairly easy to follow. GO TO OFFICE HOURS. I went only like twice, but she was helpful both times!  She was right when she said students would start changing their majors to econ bc of her!
5.0 : Absolutely fantastic professor for introductory macroeconomics. Whatever you're major, Dr. Kakar makes macroecon extremely intuitive. Always willing to go over principles and models multiple times for students; pay attention and if you have a misconception, either ask in class or go to office hours. Overall, great professor highly recommend.
5.0 : Great teacher, really passionate about teaching and genuinely wants her students to do well! If you're willing to do a little bit of work this class is an easy A!
5.0 : Homework every Sunday with 4 extra credit opportunities. Two midterms and a final, non-cumulative. Her lectures are really amazing and do not really need the book if you pay attention in class. drops lowest homework grade and curves test
1.0 : Easy overall, but boring.
5.0 : Professor Kakar is one of the best Econ professors at SF State. She cares for her students and makes the class relevant by showing videos and case studies that make the learning econ models easier. She encourages you to go to office hours; I only went once but she was very helpful. I would definitely take her again!
4.5 : She is one of the BESTEST professors at SFSU! I love her teaching style, its clear and understandable.  Test are a bit tough, but if you study, you will be fine! I would definitely take her again!
4.5 : Class was fairly easy. Interesting material with no busywork. Attendance was mandatory but we could miss a couple classes with no penalty. Definitely recommend.
5.0 : Very thought provoking and inspirational professor. Also extremely handsome. Interesting lectures and discussion, he's very committed to making sure his students understand the material, and you can tell he knows what he's doing.
3.0 : He's so funny and always wears this weird leather band around his wrist like a bracelet? The class subject can be interesting and boring all in one depending on the subject he's teaching. I think he's pretty hot (for a teacher that is) and as long as you show up to class, read,  and take notes you should do fine!
5.0 : Lectures are entertaining and interesting. Clearly passionate about philosophy. Weekly discussion problems are where a lot of my questions got answered.
5.0 : Very helpful in office hours. Also attractive.
5.0 : Great guy. Too bad he's leaving SFSU to hopefully pursue better and greater things.  It's evident that he is truly passionate about philosophy. I feel as though the 3 hour lectures was a lot more beneficial than standard 50 minute sessions. Tests were not bad, and I've learned so much about myself from doing the bias and fallacy papers. Great exp!
4.5 : Professor Howery is a very funny guy, He clearly shows how he is very passionate in Philosophy. The topics are boring but he makes them fun and quite interesting, that makes you think about it. Also, his gorgeous appearance is a bonus!  We only had two tests the whole semester (Midterm &amp; Finals). Homeworks are very minimal, only once a week.
4.0 : He's a good teacher and knows his stuff, but the students have to read the material in order to understand what he's talking about and engage in conversation. The readings are usually really short though, and very interesting. Half-page essays every week and i think 2 or 3 papers that have to be 4-6 pages long. Don't fall behind on readings!
3.0 : this was my first philosphy class ever, because i needed for ge. hw once a week, on google docs, so dont miss this. 2 essays, will grade on content, but if you have poor grammar to expect an A or b. he makes you interested in philosophy, we cant study many aspect of different religion, but the few are very interesting. i had b, but i had full sched
5.0 : Knowledgeable, enthusiastic, and caring! cute too! She really tries to engage the students with lots of questions and activities - even brought in skin fold calipers, tape measures for body comp lecture that we got to use to figure out our own body comp! Pretty cool! Can be overwhelming/hard at times with the science stuff... Take good notes!
5.0 : This was the best professor I had at SFSU.  He's engaging, thought-provoking, and and overall good person.  He's got a great sense of humor and will keep you interested.  Plan to attend every class and stay the whole time, but he makes it easy to enjoy.
5.0 : one of the coolest professor at SFSU, he's passionate about the subject. u won't even notice is a 3hr class b/c he makes the discussion very interesting.  No h.w or test, just group projects. you'll be a fool not to take him.
5.0 : Love his class!  cool professor ever!  He isn't a hard grader but of course you have to do your work.  No exams, quizzes almost every week, 3 assignments and a mid-term.   Case reading is around 15-20 pages, but hey, you're in an university so you gotta able to read the materials and establish analyzing skills.   His class is highly recommended!
5.0 : Cool guy, open to all opinions, very helpful. It's a 3 hour class but feels more like one hour and a half. Attendance mandatory and participating is necessary. The actual grade is mainly based on group assignments but they are do-able. Few presentations, no exams or quizzes. A big report write up due at the end. I'd retake him but not night class.
1.0 : Case studies are easy but very time consuming and you never know what he expects, he doesn't give our work back, slow grader and hard grader on case studies. He expects you to talk every second in class. Overall, good professor but hard on grading.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Time goes by really fast. He's funny and so charming that can be a little distracting ;)
1.0 : Case study were time consuming. Even though his class goes by quickly, it seemed like i barely learned anything. Also, not extremely opened to opinions and hard grader on presentations and final paper. Overall, would not recommend, unless you like speaking up in class.
5.0 : Students who wants to excel in his class must participate, answer questions, ask questions, and be prepare. Lots of reading and case studies. 2 Presentations and a 15 pages paper (group work) in the end. I wish he gives feedback on our assignments though.
5.0 : Jason is an amazing professor! His passion for the field of Black Psychology is so intense that its actually an attention grabber. He is very fair with his grading and not only teaches to spread the information of Black Pysch, but also to help improve yourself as a human being. I highly recommend this class and this professor to everyone.
4.5 : Great professor. Has a passion to teach and shows it
5.0 : FAV class. Jason is an amazing professor.He relates to his students&amp; is always willing to help. Two things he said I'll never forget, "Raise your hand and I'll come support you", I dont think he realized how much that meant to me.He is really there to help his students succeed.He also said(regarding tests),memorizing is an insult to your intellect.
4.0 : A lot of work, but you learn a lot. We had to read 4 books + watch 2 movies &amp; write papers on them. Her grading of papers is fair. If you do them, follow her guidelines &amp; cover the topics she mentions in class, you'll get an A. If you like reading books, take this class. Although i enjoyed the class, but i do admit that this class was pretty tough
5.0 : Not only is Billingsley intelligent and friendly, he wants to see his students succeed! He gives you more help than most professors, gives practice exams structured exactly the same as the actual exams, gives the opportunity to actually get an A in the class by dropping your lowest test score and is always there to help. Truly, one of the best.
5.0 : Arguably one the smartest chem professors in the Dept. He knows his stuff, and teaches well. Very solid professor. Orgo is pretty hard in its nature, but he makes it enjoyable.
5.0 : I love Kelvin. He's a great, person. He makes O CHEM as easy at it could possibly be conceptually. The final I thought was the hardest test, but in general his practice test or study guides are money.
5.0 : The best professor in the world.. hands down. He's also very attractive (mentally and physically) which was extremely distracting sometimes. He's straight-forward about exams and his expectations. He's leaving for research so he probably won't be teaching for a while. Best of luck if you see this ;)
4.5 : Attendance is vital, if you miss a day, it's hard for you to catch up. Classes are usually very condensed with information, usually a chapter a week. He is very willing to help you during office hours, but he is not lenient with his grading (no curve). OChem II is very hard, he does make it bearable, truly a "one-of-a-kind" professor.
5.0 : He's so nice it's unbelievable..And he is exactly why we dont need teachers like Dr. Kaur.  Hard class, def. gotta work hard for that A..but he's so helpful that there's really no reason why you shouldnt get an A. Go to class even if its not mandatory , go to OH, and do his homework and youll be okay
5.0 : He is a very good professor and really wants the students to do well in his class. Extremely helpful during office hours and lectures. Weekly hw assignments, 4 exams (drops lowest score) and a final. Organic chemistry is hard, but he makes it easy and enjoyable. The only downside to taking this class is that his good looks can be quite distracting!
4.5 : I think he used Danner's class setup. It's not that hard at all. All you have to do is start early on the assignments b/c they take a lot of time sometimes, but not that complicated. If you can do homework early and aren't scared to ask him or other classmates for help on projects when you're stuck, then you should take him. My class avr. was a B+
4.5 : Very approachable professor. He pretty much reads off slides and has case studies during class. A couple quizzes, small projects, and Aplia/SAM homework. Study vocab in chapters for quizzes and you should be okay. He is really easy going and is willing to help his students with the final project, so don't be afraid to ask. Pick group members wisely
5.0 : Matt is great. This is his last year at SFSU, so for the next university, you guys will enjoy him. Easy grader, semi easy assignments, exams are based on definitions in C# and a few lines of code. Very open to view points and extremely knowledgeable about the field. Super chill guy. One complaint I have is that he is very slow on feedback.
3.5 : the best instructor for Isys 363. He tries his best to make the lecture interesting n encourages students to participate. He even uploads a link to his youtube lecture every week, which is very helpful if u had missed a class or while preparing for exams. If u visit him during his office hours, he will literally help u till u understand the problem
5.0 : Hands down one of the best ISYS 363 professors at SFSU. He is extremely helpful to students! Exams are easy if you study. Online homework is easy too! 3 Exams w Lowest dropped (20% each). 10% Participation. 5% HW. 5% Online Quizzes. 20% Group project.
4.0 : Easy test if you study his study guide. Group project- choose your groupmate wisely. Participation-10%. So definitely participate. It will help your grade. I am not a person who like to raise my hand and talk. But i always raise my hand in this class and participate.  Online quizzes are easy.  The good thing about this class is NO Textbook.
5.0 : Matt is very passionate about the subject and is open to help all those who approach him during his office hours. Homework is easy and straight forward (mainly excel and access). The 2 exams are easy if you follow his study guide. Project is a bit tough so pick your group wisely. If grades on the 2 exams then take home final is optional.
5.0 : Extremely nice and chill professor, would love to get a beer with him. Class was a little boring because it's always the same 45min lecture and hour and 12 case study. Participation counts so speak up. 2 exams one final, he drops the lowest one of the three. Homework every week of excel and access projects, which aren't that hard. Great guy!
4.5 : This is Matt's first time teaching the Open Source Web Development course. Given that, I'll cut him some slack in terms of organization. As others have said, he's a really chill dude and seems like someone who'd be a good friend. Class pretty straightforward, free books, awesome class environment!
4.0 : Attendance is mandatory and prof keeps count of participation and will factor that into your grade. He reviews weekly assignments in class so you don't really have to do them. A lot of excel work. 2 exams and both are pretty hard but should be fine if you study. Long group project is assigned early in the semester, choose group mates wisely.
4.0 : He was hands down the best English teacher I have ever had. I didn't need a text book, only reading books that he assigned. He is very down to earth and teaches with a modern twist. It was a plus for me, but he is for women's rights (yay). I definitely recommend him to anyone who needs to take freshman English at sfsu.
5.0 : Michael Shannon was one of the coolest teachers I've ever had. Homework is pretty easy, only 6 essays and he helps you out and goes over what he wants from your essays before he hands them out and while they're assigned (which is about 2-3 weeks). I don't think we ever took any tests and most of the class is basically participation. Def recommend.
5.0 : I loved the freedom you get in this class! You have to read some classic novels, but you can write the essays on almost any topic and it's very liberating! Make sure to keep up on the homework assignments, because if you fall behind in that and still do great on the essays, your grade can drop!
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've had. Easy grader I never got lower than a B and ended up with an A in the class. The whole class is basically showing up and just talking as a class about the books you're reading (you choose your own books as a class) and the only work you have to do is read and then write a paper about the book. TAKE HIM
5.0 : Amazing class!!! Totally recommend! He genuinely seeks the input of the students. All he does is grade the work and is very helpful when you come to him for help. If you are shy, this class will help you get over it because he pushed class discussions very much. He is awesome, definitely won't regret taking his class.
5.0 : One of the best english professor I've ever had. Very entertaining with lots of personality, has no problem speaking his mind in class but is also extremely open and respectful of student's ideas and opinions.  His assignments are great because he lets you write about topics you are passionate about such as movies, books, songs that you choose.
5.0 : Michael Shannon was undoubtedly the best teacher I have ever had. The reading material can be chosen or assigned. He's incredibly down to earth and funny so participation (which is graded) is really easy.   Also, I highly suggest bringing essay outlines and rough drafts to him at his office hours! His advice will earn you an A, guaranteed!
5.0 : Show up, do the homework (600 word essays per week), and you will be fine. This dude is a boss.
5.0 : Shannon is a super chill guy, sometimes sarcastic and honest. He's a very easy grader, you choose your own books, straight forward and clear as to what he expects from you. You really can't go wrong with him hes awesome and quite possibly the best English teacher . No textbook, you just buy the books that you read.
3.5 : He average grade of his homework was C+. He told us that he intended to give us C. He found a lot of mistakes in everyone's homework. There were a lot of speeches.
5.0 : He wanted everyone to pass his class with a good grade, so the class was easy. you can easily get a good grade even though there are a lot of works to do.
5.0 : Carver's class was always enjoyable! He even says it himself, the class is not difficult as long as you do the work assigned! Put the effort and you'll get an A. Best prof Ive had yet at sfsu. Be prepared to talk in class, but there is no final/Exams.And make sure to pick group members wisely. Take him!
5.0 : His a great teacher and cares a lot about his students. His class easy but if you put in the work you will do great.
5.0 : Pro.Carver is nice and friendly, cares about students learn something inside and outside, easy class, Highly recommend.
5.0 : So nice to look at and very fun class. One of my favorite teachers at SFSU
5.0 : He is a super nice professor. You will learn a lot from his class. High recommend. One of the best professor in SFSU. I wish he would teach more classes.
3.5 : Nice professor! He reminds me of Ryan Seacrest. A lot of presentations and group projectspresentations. Participation is mandatory. No exams and some assignmentsessays.
5.0 : This class is like com 100 expect harder. Carver is a great teacher that actually wants you to learn something from his class to implement in the real world, so take this class. There is 3 group speeches, 3 individuals speeches and 5 papers. You're group doesn't change at all keep this in mind. There aren't any exams, but lots of talking.
5.0 : If you try in his class, you'll no doubt have a good grade. It's hard to pay attention to geology, but his looks and personality make it easier to listen too. Haha. Take his class, it's great.
5.0 : Ryan was a very good teacher. Geology isn't really the most interesting topic. He is very understanding to the fact that most people are in the class only for the purposes of general education. His instructions are clear as well as his lectures. I rarely studied and managed to get a B on most exams. He's fun and energetic. Worth taking for sure.
5.0 : Ryan is a really goofy/cool dude. Cracks a joke about every 15 minutes but they're always funny. Pay attention to the clicker participation every class, they're the same questions on his tests. Barely need to take notes if you pay attention to the slides (and he posts them on ilearn anyways) Fun and easy A class. Highly recommended to knock out GE!
5.0 : He is super funny and nice, class consists of once a week online quizes (10 questions, two chances), three tests, midterms and a final. He knows everyone is there for GE credit and makes the class really fun
5.0 : Pamela's Class was fun and simple she made it fun and easy to come into class on a Saturday morning  segment 3 class. very easy I highly recommend you take the  class easy A.
5.0 : This is the nicest professor in the SPED department, the most conscientious, the most helpful, very supportive, very positive, very calm, modeling a wonderful attitude towards students, creates a very good classroom atmosphere, everybody really feels comfortable participating.
3.0 : Easy class. Show up, do the notebook, you will get an A , no final test if you get an A.
5.0 : Loved her. Go to class and get your A, do the notebook study the slides. Class goes by so fast because it's fun.
4.0 : Mele is awesome! I definitely recommend this class. Quizzes &amp; in-class assignments were really easy. The biggest thing we did in this class was a group project as a final but it was still easy. TAKE HER CLASS. She knows her stuff &amp; is really nice! Wish I could take another one of her classes!
5.0 : Great Teacher! I love her attitude and the way she teaches. She should really teach all the general bio classes. That would make life so much easier!
5.0 : Dana is great! Her tests are so straight forward and a lot simpler than Desjardins. The only way you would do bad on her tests is if you did not study at all or crammed. Teaches straight from the slides but implements questions and you have to go to lecture to get the answer. 4 exams, noncumulative for each exam. HIGHLY recommend!
4.0 : Dana is great! She's a lot easier than Desjardin and teaches straight from her slides. One still needs to study for the tests and her study guide is really helpful for that. Really memorize the animal phylas and classes with the synapamorphies. She also gives extra credit sometimes which is really helpful. I went from a B+ to an A-.
5.0 : Dr Fatmir is  a great professor. His lecture is amazing and he is knowledgable about the subject he teaches. He is inspirational and make few jokes appropriate to the class. He gives homework weekly that make students to read the book in order to answer the questions, this ways students are being in track in every chapter. Highly recommended
5.0 : Pretty easy class, three in-class written exams. You should read for purpose of discussion, however, he explains concepts well in class. Take notes, sometimes he lets you use them on exams He basically wants to measure how you grasped concepts and how you can relate them to different aspects of social life Very helpful and open to diverse discussio
4.5 : Everything is pretty straightforward, he sometimes can be a little disorganized. Attendance will count towards your participation. In class essay exams and ilearn quizzes. Overall a pretty chill class, but not an easy A.
5.0 : Lots of reading, but very interesting stuff once you get past the dry material (which he does his best to make interesting in class discussions). Interesting lectures, 3 in class exams, a few quizzes. Not hard if you keep up with the readings, or at least engage in class discussions.
2.5 : Lectures are long and boring. He is not very clear of what he wants from you, and once you think you got the rhythm of his quizzes he changes it up. Pointless. Boring.
5.0 : Great class. Awesome lectures,
5.0 : Professor Haskaj is one of the best professors I have ever had. I had him for two classes and especially loved Global Sociology. He is interesting, incredibly knowledgeable, inspiring, and challenging.
3.5 : Professor Haskaj challenges his students to think critically. He engages them in philosophical theory and asks questions about the self and its relationship to history and politics. I think his classes are great. Though, the class would benefit more from his instruction of reading was enforced as mandatory.
5.0 : Easy class. You don't need to go to class, all quizzes and exams are online and based off of the textbook.
5.0 : I took 3 classes with Professor Haskaj, each class was unique, intellectually stimulating, and enjoyable. Classical Theory was amazing! Be prepared to read if you want to get the most out of class discussions. Don't be afraid to approach him after class or during office hours if you are struggling or need academic advice. He is supportive.
5.0 : I have two classes with this professor. The online components of both of his courses are well organized. You are able to get ahead on reading and all of the expectations and grading criteria is clearly outlined. Lectures are engaging and I wanted to attend even though it they weren't mandatory. Wish he had more Soc classes next semester.
3.0 : attendance isn't mandatory, but his lectures are really helpful on tests.  there are online quizzes on assigned textbook readings every week, 2 online midterms, and 1 online final. definitely take notes and read textbook!  i would recommend having a study buddy.  lectures are interesting and he's always willing to answer questions
4.0 : She was great! I got to know her really well over the semester. She is really down to earth and young so she will most likely get along with you. She is also super funny. The class I took was required to graduate, and I'm glad I took it with her! Also, if you want to understand EVERYTHING she talks about, I would keep up with textbook readings.
4.0 : Very helpful and sweet. Wants us to pass and be attentive. Sit in the front! You will get so much more out of the class!
4.5 : I would recommend you to take her class! She is indeed the best professor! She offers a lot of extra credits throughout the semester! Tests are OK! Its open book! TAKE HER CLASS!
5.0 : Liz is the type of instructor that makes me enjoy college again.  Unfortunately she is leaving at the end of summer to do her PhD so i for the first time im taking a ummer class.  She is an amazing instructor, professional, polite solid grader, solid lectures, fun lectures she helps you understand the material and wants you to learn it.
4.5 : Liz is awesome. Very helpful and approachable. She wants to see you succeed. She's funny and you will definitely learn all about APA format writing by the end of the semester. Short assignment due every week. 1 debate. And final paper with drafts and outlines due. Overall a great professor and I'd take another class with her if I could.
5.0 : Great Professor. I took her in the summer. H/W assignments were fairly easy. She lets you use any notes on the test. Offers a lot of extra credit. DO NOT buy the book. She doesn't even use it once.
4.5 : Liz is a good teacher. Nice and funny! Really approachable if you need help. She will mark your paper like crazy but she's only helping you grow to be a better writer. Weekly assignments not too bad. Debate presentation, and final paper. I would recommend GWAR with her. Didn't use the books at all
5.0 : Took this class last year during my freshman year and ended up with an A. She doesn't take attendance so you can miss class but I personally thought the material was really interesting. TAKE HER CLASS. Easy A Don't need the textbook
5.0 : She is just hella beautiful. Don't get the textbook because you won't need it.
4.5 : I have her for my Psychology and Critical Thinking class and she is absolutely wonderful! Quizzes and midterm are open noteopen book and the group debate project is extremely easy. She's the cutest teacher I've had and so funny. Liz makes the class understandable and will always promote class discussion. Lots of extra credit opportunities as well!
5.0 : I've taken stats  b4 but never got what I was learning until Liz.  Her lectures are  helpful, she goes step by step through the process until you understand how to interpret the data. DON'T BUY THE BOOK! SERIOUSLY! It's $200 and not necessary. Take notes in class and her power points are online. She's very funny so  the 2 hours is less painful!
5.0 : Liz makes you feel interested from the first class. Her laid back personality along with her precise teaching style made me feel at  ease in the classroom which increased my retention of knowledge and overall enjoyment of the course itself. She was very receptive to feedback and consistently kept the lines of communication open. She is great!!!
5.0 : Derick is by far the best lab instructor ever.  He answer any questions you have, he is approachable, funny, and down to earth.  Labs in his class are long, but it is a once a week class so it balances out. We had two field trips, during lab time. Take him you wont regret it!!
5.0 : I love him!! looked forward to lab every week. He is so fun to talk to but is also a really good teachers and is passionate about Geology. He awnsers all my questions and always was clear on what he was looking for in a lab
2.0 : Sarah has an opinion about everything, including yours. If she doesn't like what you say, she'll call you out on it. She's an okay teacher, way too strict about timing. If you come a minute late, its a tardy. She does too much and seriously needs to calm down. Don't take the class if you're a slacker, it won't work and you will definitely fail.
4.5 : I took her two years back but I loved her. I was apart of the metro health and had to take her class and after that I continued too. She's super helpful and opinionated.
5.0 : Sara Wongking is one of the best instructors I have ever had. Her enthusiasm for teaching and encouraging her students to want to learn are some of the best qualities she has as an instructor. Yes she is opinionated, but the best instructors are supposed to challenge how you think. She is always there to provide academic support when needed.
4.5 : She's a new teacher but she got the hang of it pretty quickly. She still has weird test sheet quirks but she'll get used to it soon. At  first she was going as fast as the speed of light but she toned it down a bit and repeated everything till we got it. We have a week of review per test. Overall, she's cool. recommended :D
4.0 : Overall, she is a pretty good at teaching. If you have a decent background in bio/ physio, the class will be fairly easy. But she is more than willing to help if you need it. For the exams go over her notes, quizzes, and review questions, and you should do well.
5.0 : Abbott is very straightforward and organized. She definitely knows her material is more than willing to help anyone who is struggling! Book was not really necessary, except for the chapter on Ergonomics. Final exam is super easy! She also grades fairly easy on the final paper.
4.0 : She teaches based off of very detailed power points.  If you take notes and show up to every lecture then there's no need to buy the textbook.  Lots of Ilearn quizzes, a group presentation, and 3 exams.  Some of the topics covered were very interesting and useful, and some of them were complicated and confusing.  Overall, a very decent class.
5.0 : I had the luck to take professor Woods' class in Fall of 2013 for CJ 330 and the Summer of 2014 for CJ 502. Both of his classes were great and I highly recommend all Criminal Justice students to take him.  He had a 10 page midterm that builds up to a 20 page final for CJ 330, with small weekly writing assignments.  For CJ 502, he had a 2 exams.
5.0 : I worked my butt off in this class! Turned in all my assignments and received As for them;yet,I still got a final grade lower than I expected. However,Woods is really nice and will help you with any questions you have! There's a lot of work,research,and reading for this class,so brace yourselves!
5.0 : He's a great professor, extreme nice guy who rrally engages the students. He does talk a lot but everything he says is interesting and relevant. He explains things with extreme details if your confuse on something. I would recommend this professor for criminal law or criminal procedure classs. He's extremely knowledgeable and has experience.
5.0 : Great professor!
1.0 : Professor Woods should not only teach CJ classes but OTHER teachers. By far, he's the BEST at what he does! Pretty much evry other student thinks so too. Take his class and you'll learn so much from him!!!!
5.0 : This actually ended up being my favorite class of the semester. Professor Woods is great! He brings a positive energy to the class and to the discussions and is so knowledgeable about the law. Beware, there will be a 20 page paper BUT he will walk you through every step of the way!  Show Up to class, do the hw, write the paper and you'll get an A!
5.0 : good class
5.0 : Greg Woods is the best teacher I have had in all my four years. I would love to take him for my last semester. His classes are very direct to the text book, as are his weekly quizzes and lectures. He is very entertaining, full of emerging and very passionate and knowledgeable about all the topics. He is a great story teller, and teacher!!!!!
5.0 : We had Russell as a sub for 2 days, and he's honestly really a great professor. He even helped us on our recent HW demonstrating plenty of examples relevant to our HW. At the end, he made doing the HW much more bearable. He's also funny, too. I wish he taught PHYS230. He's great.
5.0 : I took Russell for a Sci class to help me with Physics 111/112. He is so great! He is very helpful. I highly recommend you take him! He make your lecturer's lectures make sense. He is the only reason I passed Physics!
4.0 : Lindsey is a pretty awesome teacher.  She's really funny and she grades everything VERY generously.  If you do everything she asks, you will get an A.  The hardest thing you do is a few presentations, but she grades them so easily that you don't have to worry very much about it.
4.5 : Such a great teacher. Funny. Charismatic, informative.
3.0 : Super funny and down to earth! Tries to make class as entertaining as possible. Light homework. Grades fairly. No tests.
4.5 : Really amazing teacher, extremely helpful, hilarious (or at least she thinks she is ;)), and rewarding teacher to have. 10/10
4.5 : Lindsey is one of my favorite professors. She is so energetic and optimistic and creates a comfortable environment. I have a huge fear of public speaking but Lindsey helped so much and made everything less stressful. We only had three presentations and she grades very generously. If you hate public speaking as much as I do, take this class.
5.0 : Lindsey was really cool chill teacher, RECOMMEDED class to take!
5.0 : Lindsey is great! She's o funny which makes lectures fast. In the beginning of the semester we did artistic journal entries. We wrote one paper #iftheygunnedmedown it was pretty easy. We had a total of 3 speeches, one on a media artifact, a group speech on a NPO and a spoken word performance. We met once a week so yeah you should go to class.
5.0 : Lindsey is a burst of energy and such a great instructor. I normally have bad anxiety when it comes to public speaking, but she does a great job teaching different techniques during her lectures and makes it a very comfortable environment for all her students. I would definitely recommend and would love to take one of her classes again!
5.0 : She is awesome! I'm not going to lie but this was the best class I've taken my freshman year of college. She engages the class to participate and I have to say she's very good at it. For an 8am class, she has everyone in a good mood. After taking her class, I feel comfortable speaking in public from now on. Thanks Lindsey!
5.0 : Truly is a  great professor. Her class has made me a little bit less nervous about talking in front if a class. Very comfortable environment. I took the summer course so it was very fast but it is worth it.
5.0 : Lindsey was the best comm teacher EVER!!!! Homework was a term paper and 10 things list every day (not too bad). She's very helpful if you need help with speeches. I thought I was going to hate writing speeches, but she's so involved with you assignments, she made the class fun!
5.0 : She is so kind and cares about her students. She did have pop quizzes randomly when she noted we were too distracted but besides that she was very straghtforward and easy A. Show up, do all the work and just enjoy her class!
3.0 : Most people found her funny she was fine and efficient, but it was difficult and getting all the work done it being a summer course.  If you can take it during the normal semester otherwise you have to write papers instead of giving speeches!
4.5 : Lindsey was the best thing to happen to my first semester at SF State. She's so fun and makes Comm not scary at all, even through the public speaking. I was terrified to present in front of the class, but she helped me through it with few difficult homework assignments. OVERALL SHE'S HILARIOUS!
5.0 : Lindsay was AMAZING!!!!!! she literally was my favorite professor and her class was so fun! I looked forward to it, and it was a night class. Def recommend her.
4.0 : Really really great professor. Amazing attitude and sooooo much energy. She will completely engage you in everything. One of the best professors ever.
5.0 : She is my favorite teacher at USF so far. Take her, she's awesome
4.0 : She's a great and weird professor. Her lectures are always so funny and interesting. I thought I would hate this class bc of the public speaking, but she makes it so fun and easy. She assigned 3 speeches. I definitely recommend taking her. Participate and answer questions or she will give a pop quiz. Textbook is not needed but she says to buy it.
4.5 : Very helpful. Makes class exciting and fun. She has chill style.
5.0 : I would recommend taking her class for Communications. I am a person with really bad anxiety when it comes to presentations. So, her class was very judgment free and I really felt comfortable in her class. On the plus side she is super funny!! Ask her to tell you personal experiences because they are way to funny to be real!
5.0 : Lindsey has been absolutely hilarious and amazing since day 1. Her upbeat personality and inviting attitude helped our class to really engage. She does her best to encourage growth for all of her students, no matter where they are with speeches. The deadlines are deadlines, however, but just do the work and you'll be fine.  Can't go wrong with her.
4.0 : Lindsey is amazing, her class is a lot of fun. This would be because she is young and very into what she teaches. Expect roughly 3 speeches, including 1 group speech. She truly brightens up your day and makes class fun. Defiantly will take again. Highly recommended.
5.0 : She is an amazing teacher. She is funny and connects with her students. She cares about her students a lot and is very easy to talk to. Her class was the highlight of my week. I would definitely recommend her to anyone. The only thing that I did't like was the group project but that's only because of my group, nothing to do with her.
5.0 : Lindsey was such a phenomenal teacher. She was extremely engaging, and I could always expect to leave class in a better mood than I came in with. All of her assignments are extremely relevant to today, so I enjoyed working with current material. Take her course!
5.0 : Chill class, chill teacher. Just do it.
5.0 : Lindsey is an absolute gem. With a little studying, her tests are completely manageable, and she makes class genuinely fun to go to. She also makes public speaking easier, as she is very encouraging and makes sure you feel safe and respected in class.
5.0 : As long as you follow the outline she GIVES you for speeches you will be fine! She grades more heavily on how well written your speech outlines are than your actual delivery of the speech. She understands that most students have bad anxiety when it comes to public speaking, so she doesn't grade harshly and instead finds ways to make it enjoyable!
5.0 : Armineh is amazing! She has a strong passion in teaching and has been in engineering for decades. She knows how to communicate well in her teaching. I have learned so much from her. We need more professors like Armineh here at SFSU. She gives up a lot of her time for office hours and is there to help anyone. Take her!!!
5.0 : Armineh is amazing. She truly cares for her students &amp; were are lucky to have someone the engineering department who actually gives a damn about us. I failed ENGR 356 last semester but when I took it with her I completely understood what was going on. She also holds weekly tutorials &amp; is very helpful. She really cares about her students. TAKE HER!
4.0 : It is clear that she genuinely cares about her students. She takes the time to write a lot of very helpful feedback on rough drafts of your paper, and she is willing to help and go over your paper with you individually. The only downside is that her lectures can be a bit boring, but I guess you can't expect much more considering the subject matter.
3.5 : Alison has changed, she takes off pts for the most minimal things. A lot of unnecessary weekly assignments! Classes are long and dull, her lecture style could put anyone to sleep. A plus was that class was hybrid, meet every other week for under 2hrs. APA grading criteria was not well explained &amp; doesn't always go over assignments.
4.5 : Carson Beker is one of the most committed, personally involved and passionate instructors you will encounter. The class is interesting and very good, even though her final is a little corny. She's the kind of instructor you come to love. Also, you kind-of never know what's going to happen in her class - music, physical exercises, you never know.
5.0 : Great teacher! Will work with you if you are trying to produce your best work. Attend his office hours, let him proofread, you'll do great.
5.0 : He is really approachable to students. His quizzes and exams are based on his slides really easy points. No projects or papers due, attend to lecture even if you don't make sure you go over the slides. I will highly take him again just because he is a great professor. No textbook needed!
5.0 : I've taken him for KIN 355, 483 and 384. Such a great professor! You can tell he really loves his job and is so knowledgable in the topic hes teaching. Attendance isnt really mandatory but it helps to go to class because he goes in full depth with the info. Hes willing to help outside of class. The way he teaches makes it really clear to students.
5.0 : literally the best prof. ever! super easy and super connected with students
5.0 : This is a great teacher with great charisma and  great sense of humor. If you participate  in  his class and lab and study, you will do great.  This is a rising star of the Kinesiology  department; don't miss his class, you will learn a lot and have fun!
5.0 : He's a great teacher that is always willing to help out his students. The class really depends on your participation, since it mostly has to do with the exercise physiology of your own bodies. Make sure to pick a good group. There are lab reports due every other week 1 midterm and 1 final. All around a super fun class and the subject is interesting
5.0 : This guy is a 5 star! I learned a lot from him and it goes without saying he's one of my favorite professors at State. He's very approachable and cares about his students. Plus, he quickly responds to e-mails. He's easy-going, funny, charismatic, and makes things interesting and fun too! I highly recommend taking one of his classes.
2.5 : Very unclear on what the expectations are and how costly assignments can be. Class material seems very easy and repetitive which makes it very long and grueling. Easy PPT presentation however the final paper can be meticulous. She talks down to students and not the best environment to sit through.
4.5 : Professor Torgerson's class was awesome.  I had it for a 3 hour course on a friday afternoon and she still made the course interesting enough for me to never miss a class.  If you buy in to the matter, you're life will be changed for the better.  If you are pessimistic and take this because you have to, you will still enjoy it.  Be optimistic!
4.5 : She is awesome! Very helpful with her students! No midterm or final, just a final portfolio. She is very modern and to the era. Great teacher with new perspective when it came to teaching. The readings for the class were interesting, and the in class discussions were great, a great time to give your opinion.
5.0 : Amy is FANTASTIC. There are a lot of easy assignments and most of the papers are subjective. Two group projects, no tests. Online text purchase is mandatory to complete the quizzes. Amy is fun, cares about the subject, and very attractive. 10/10 would take again!
4.0 : Super helpful and nice! It can get a little boring at times but the group discussions help. There are essays one after another, but it's not bad. No exams, great class!
4.0 : Prof Amy is a good teacher. However she assigned so many essays and writing. Since eng 104/105, we wrote about 8+ essays and there is a group project and 2-3 profolio and 7-9 pages research paper. You will be doing less work if you take Eng 114 instead. She is not a hard grader but there are a lot of reading, online homework and class discussion.
5.0 : Amy was a great teacher and the class was fairly simple. Yes, showing up to class is mandatory, because you only have two allowed absences, without a legitimate excuse. There were 4 essays, and that's it. You are required to keep the essays since she allows you to redo them, and hand it in with the portfolio, which consists of questionsessays
5.0 : No reading required but does MyLab online. Those quizzes are worth little &amp; are easy to pass. A TON of group projects with long reports. Really need to work for it. You do not get to pick groups, she picks for you. Start on reports early &amp; follow the guidelines. Lots of little assignments &amp; presentations. Lots of speaking in class. Takes attendance
1.0 : She is a HARD GRADER. She definitely requires you to spend hours and hours to do all her assignments, essays, online homework, mini-essays, homework packets, etc.
5.0 : I normally dread communication classes. However, Professor Glasenapp creates a comfortable environment where those anxieties go away. There are group projects and lots of writing assignments, but she gives excellent feedback, which allows you to improve your writing; you don't just receive a letter grade. Would definitely take again!!
3.0 : Ready to write and speak. A lot of writing assignments and a lot of presentations. Good Luck. She is a tough grader too.
5.0 : This class was very helpful. Ms. Glasenapp is a very good teacher. There is group work and presentations. I love this class
5.0 : She was very nice and supportive.
5.0 : Show up to class, do the online forum posts, and do you're best on the essays. You will get AT LEAST a B. There are 4 essays throughout the semester and there are revisions at the end of the year. Class is a full year class (104/105)
5.0 : Ms. Glasenapp was a very helpful teacher. She did not base your knowledge on tests. We had one group presentation and a final portfolio but she was great at explaining assignments. Gives great feedback on your papers. I would definitely take her class again.
5.0 : Amazing teacher, a lot of little EASY assignments. Lots of group projects that are super easy. A few presentations but grades easy. Attendance mandatory but allowed to miss two classes. Just coasted in the class and ended up with B+. And she really prepared me and i learned a lot. Definitely recommend!
5.0 : The most understanding and patient professor I've ever had. I had major personal issues during the class and he always talked to me as BOTH a human being and student and was true to his word that he wants his students to do as well as they could. Super nice in office hours and e-mail and very knowledgable and enthusiastic. Highest Recommended!
5.0 : During a really tough semester the only way I managed to pass Blake's class was because he allowed me to/made me do the necessary work. I don't think I would have been able to pass with any other professor and I know I couldn't have had a nicer and more understanding one. Very grateful! (If you're reading this Blake don't be so hard on yourself!)
5.0 : Blake is the man! i have seriously never met a teacher that is so committed to his students. I swear he actually cares more than any teacher i have seen. Great teacher and class is fun. PAY ATTENTION. thats it, try to get yourself intrested and the class becomes that much easier and more fun
5.0 : The only downside to the class is that because of the sheer amount of material covered, some movements/artists may get skipped over due to time constraints esp. towards the end. Apart from that Prof. Jakobsen is a helpful, encouraging instructor with a quirky sense of humor. It's a shame she doesn't teach more classes here at SFSU.
4.0 : He's a great teacher and really cares for his students. He gave a lot of feedback when it came to essays and even gives the opportunity to redo some of them for the end semester. He has a good sense of humor and always helpful when you need him, I really recommend him.
4.0 : I went into English 114 expecting to hate it but it turns out he's really cool. He'll give about 3 weeks for each essay and most of them are about 5-6 pgs long and he'll expect to have a draft each class so it is mandatory to go. Also there will be a lot of peer editing. He grades very quickly and gives very helpful comments! I recommend taking him
5.0 : Professor Stimpson makes lectures interesting! She is awesome, kind, and attractive so you are motivated to go to class. Quizzes, Presentations, and a couple presentations make up the class. Practice presentations and you should be fine. Take her! I met some awesome people in this class and you will too!
5.0 : Has a great sense of humor! She is also willing to work with you if you put in the proper effort. She gives great feedback on papers and other assignments. Was a very organized class. Also, gives very CLEAR instruction! :) Be prepared to read. The only negative thing about this class is that the book is really dense.
5.0 : Despite the fact I had this class at 8am, she made it fun to come. She genuinely cares about her students. And she is very clear with direction, theres 4 big speeches and 3 journals throughout the course but they aren't difficult at all. I recommend you take her!
5.0 : Prof. Stimpson is great! She's very sweet and funny, and makes sure to engage the class in order to teach the material in a more immediate and hands-on way. She's not an easy grader, but she's very concise in explaining exactly why you got the grade you did. I recommend her.
1.0 : She assigns very long readings and her lectures are sometimes interesting but can be hard to follow as she gives vague summaries of the readings without much analysis in between. She introduces a lot of content without much explanation or examples which make her exams difficult.
5.0 : shes an amazing professor, that has a great sense of humor, she's a hottie to be honest. I love Professor Stipson I would love to take her class again if given the chance. She really cares about her students and wants them to pass.
5.0 : Hands down, the greatest professor alive.  I was so nervous and anxious to take this course last semester.  After a week into comm150, this was probably one of my favorite classes.  She is so nice and makes every single student feel so comfortable in class.  After my first speech I was never nervous for another speech.  TAKE HER IF YOU CAN!
5.0 : Stimpson is great, always energetic and teaches clearly. I came to SF scared for this bc I hate public speaking, but she makes it easier and makes you feel like what you are presenting is important and interesting. 4 speeches, and quizzes every class about the a chapter from text until the text is over (11 chap), and current events on the quizzes.
5.0 : Kristin Stimpson's class has been GREAT!  She definitely assigns projects and quiz's.  However; She is a very caring teacher, she is so helpful, and she is always smiling. I feel very comfortable with asking questions, her grading is very fair, and I would definitely recommend her to anyone who wants a fun, supportive teacher.
5.0 : Kristin is so great. She makes COMM and public speaking fun and not hard. 3 speeches throughout the semester, Group Presentation, Persuasive Speech, and Impromptu Speech (most fun). You need to take notes here and there but other than that the only homework is preparing for your speech. Much doesn't get done in class but she only allows 3 absences
5.0 : Stimpson is an extremely nice woman, and excellent professor! It is important to go to class and read the textbook in order to pass her quizzes. These quizzes are extremely pointless and do not measure your communication skills. Her class is fairly easy, and she is knowledgeable on her subject. Attendance is recorded and affects your grade.
5.0 : He is an awesome professor, my favorite this semester. He brings a new perspective into teaching COMM. Very open minded and cares about his student's opinion. I loved his class and looked forward to it. I would definitely recommend anyone to take this course with him. The BEST!
5.0 : Awesome guy. Great sense of humor. Would recommend anyone to take this class with Orion. I would look forward to his class every week. He just made it so interesting, and mid opening. Couple of quizzes but will prepare you for them, not hard just common sense stuff. And then the final exam is 50 MC questions, and most of them come from the quizzes.
5.0 : Orion is an awesome professor. His 3 hr class will wear you down so drink a lot of caffeine. Take him, he is one of a kind. He gave 10 question quizzes and his midterm is 50 questions. He'll give you 30 of the 50 questions. Two speeches- informative and persuasive-you may use an outline. Two assignments. Very fun class if you are involved.
5.0 : I'm a full time student taking 4 different classes and Orion is by far my favorite professor of them all! He is super laid back, very funny, very passionate about what he teaches, and he teaches some amazing topics! His class was very easy for me. Take him he's awesome
5.0 : Probably my favorite teacher here at SF State! He's very funny and relatable, and always has something interesting to say.. He always relates his lectures and speech assignments to modern day stuff.. Also, he only assigned four speeches this semester, very easy and reasonable. I would definitely take this class again!
5.0 : The best professor I've ever had! I worked all day and then went to his 4 hour Arguementation and Debate class from 6-10 pm. Despite the long class, long day, and my intense fear of public speaking, I enjoyed coming to this class because his lectures were so thought provoking and really opened your eyes mind. wish I could take more of his classes!
5.0 : I love how passionate and fun this professor is. I only had him for the second half of the second semester, but by the 2nd week we had him, it was almost like we had him all semester. He has a lot of great stories he tells and is very clear about course expectations.
5.0 : Super easy class, laid back guy. Orion is clear on grading and criteria, super funny guy. His lectures are fun, his grading style is like no other professor! He is there for you and just trying to inspire you to be great, and pass your classes. We had no tests, super chill debates, stress free zone, really easy class! Take him you wont regret it!
5.0 : Rhetoric of Popular Culture was a fantastic class.  He was amazing!
5.0 : I took Orion's speech class in summer and it was one of the best classes I have ever taken at CCSF! Orion is an amazing professor who is passionate and very well-educated about his subject. He is really friendly, super funny, and always helpful. His class was not hard and I enjoyed every single lecture of his. Take Orion if you can!!!
4.0 : *City College of San Francisco* Positives: -Good teacher. -Lectures were clear and knowledgeable.  Negatives: -His political agenda and his self-righteous so-called "Peacemaker" Identity was hard to listen to at times. -No life experience. He understands violence and the way the world works through movies, video games, and the media.
5.0 : All I can say is 50 shades of Steele. 10/10 would class again.
4.5 : One of the best lecturers I've had the pleasure of having at SFSU. He makes comm150 and speaking in public less stress-inducing and talks about interesting social and political topics to spark class discussion. Show up for this class, participate, and the A will make itself. You will honestly learn something new and interesting every day.
5.0 : BEST. CLASS. EVER. I never thought I would enjoy argumentation and debate- but Orion made it easy,  His class was eye-opening and always incredibly engaging. He is super approachable and kind- he wants his students to succeed. I highly recommend ANY class with Orion!
5.0 : He was by far the best professor I've had at state
5.0 : Orion was one of the best teachers I''ve had at SFState thus far. I had a three hour class with him and I don''t regret it one bit. His lectures are fantastic and engaging and you don''t feel like falling asleep because they are so long. His assignments are also fun and he makes everyone feel encouraged to talk in front of the class. TAKE HIS CLASS
5.0 : He is easily the best professor! I learned so much from him. His lectures might be long but they are amazingly informative and inspirational. I would take this class over a million times!!!
5.0 : This class is so fun! Love doing the speeches and especially the partner speech, we ended up becoming friends :)
5.0 : Such an amazing teacher. Barely even talks about things that have to do with class. There's basically no need to show up to class. Take notes on things he says though cause those things are basically on the test. So funny and extremely great at talking. Classes are really fun and super easy. There's barely any homework except for like 3 assignments
5.0 : YOU NEED TO TAKE THIS CLASS. If there is any class you want to take, it is his. He is honestly way overqualified to teach. He went to law school and you could obviously tell he did by his intelligence. Weekly journal, 1 speech, 1 debate,one 8 page paper. I looked forward on going to class because I knew I would learn and enjoy it. YOU WON'T REGRET
5.0 : This teacher is super-mega inspiring! He really helps you perfect your speeches, he is super interesting, and is literally the best class I have had yet. Take him!  We had only a few quizzes, very easy. Three speeches, and no final! Don't buy the book, it's not necessary. He is truly great.
5.0 : Probably one of the most amazing teachers i've ever had. He's so sweet and understanding. You give four speeches (show and tell, partner, informative, persuasive) two multiple choice quizzes. He tells some pretty awesome stories. I've learned a lot from him.
5.0 : Orion Steele is the perfect teacher if you hate public speaking and you're dreading taking general ed comm. class. He makes speaking in front of the class stress-free and he is so approachable. Attendance is mandatory. I hate public speaking but I had a great experience in Orion's class. He is also very funny and has great stories.
5.0 : He is so great!!! I really learn a lot of things from his glass. I'm a Chinese student, and his class is easy to follow. Try to speak, then you will get an A.  TAKE HIM, TRUST ME.
5.0 : imagine a spectrum with Leonardo dicaprio on one end and hurley from lost on the other end, Orion is exactly in the middle.  The class is super relaxed and inclusive. He hilarious &amp; tells outrageous stories that always end up being inspiring. Only 4 speeches, none difficult. The quizzes are a breeze. My favorite class and instructor this semester.
5.0 : amazing teacher, he is so inspirational and makes you think about life, ALWAYS enthusiastic , if want to laugh and learn some speech skills, TAKE HIM. I would take him million times!!
4.5 : Orion's class is a great one to take.  He taught us how to think like debaters more than how to act like debaters.    Every week is interesting and thought provoking, with very high levels of engagement by the class.    I can't recommend him enough; I wish more professors were as interesting as Orion.
5.0 : Orion is the most enlightening human being, and taking his class was amazing. You learn a lot about the world, he really takes time to explain things in a contemporary manner, and he is very passionate about debate. This was a 4 hour class on Thursday nights and I already miss being in it. Hope that sheds some light.
4.5 : Orion was probably one of the best professors I had semester! He had great energy everyday surprisingly considering it was an 8:10 am class. Only gives 3 quizzes, 1 speech about yourself, a partner speech, informative speech, and persuasive speech. The work is hard, but the class itself isn't. I definitely recommend him!
5.0 : Orion is far by the best teacher at City College of SF.  I took him for Speech 8 - Pop Culture which was really eye opening. 50 min class and people still stayed after to learn more. 3 major papers, weekly reflection papers which were based off movies, podcast, shows etc. No speech is needed its more of a open discussion type of  class. Loved it!
4.5 : I take Modern Greek with Ismini and she's really helpful and nice to be around. The class itself is kinda long, but it's doable. Not too difficult.
5.0 : Overall the class is easy if you show up and do the work. Assignments aren't to difficult nor are the exams if you study. Everything is pretty straight forward. Valerie is super chill and very helpful. She gives you a good amount of time to complete assignments. Definitely one of the better professors in the BUS department at SFSU.
5.0 : She is the best professor I ever have. She is very passionate, encouraging and knowledgeable. Highly recommended!
5.0 : Linda was the best English professor I've ever had. She's extremely helpful and very nice. Don't take advantage of her sweetness, please. Talk about birds and she will love you forever. You only get 6 absences per semester, so use them wisely.
5.0 : Come to class, participate in the discussion, do the reading and the essays. Not a difficult class at all, 5 major essays that aren't heavily demanding. A very caring instructor, she will throw you a bone for being honest and putting in the extra effort to make your grade better.
5.0 : Linda was by far the best english teacher I've ever had. If you show up and do all of the assignments she'll love you forever. Just be respectful to her and she will like you and give you an A.
5.0 : on of the sweetest teachers i have ever had. gives great feedback and wants you to pass. she is sweet but that does not  mean she'll just give you and A.  Not hard at all. do all assignments
5.0 : TAKE LINDA. She is hands down the sweetest and cutest lady ever. Super compassionate and understanding. Just show up to class and raise your hand every once in a while and she will love you. The four essays are pretty easy and the homework isn't bad at all. If I could take Linda again I definitely would.
5.0 : Great teacher. You're assigned about 4 essays, grade will rise with revision. A lot of online work and research, but nothing hard. I enjoyed the class and learned a lot from her comments on my essays and hand outs.
4.0 : Easiest class I've ever taken. Gives at least a full week to write each essay &amp; allows you to revise them as many times as you want (but you won't need to). Many of the readings are really interesting. Only a certain # of absences allowed, but she doesn't care as long as you have an A. Didn't teach or challenge me much, but it was an easy A!
5.0 : She was an amazing professor. You have around 5 essays to do. Gives great feedback and a small group project at the end of the semester. I would recommend her!
4.5 : Really kind and interesting teacher who has a passion for bird watching.  Class overall was a breeze and enjoyable. 5 major essays and a Book Club assignment towards the end, followed by daily in-class discussions and journal entry writing which were usually based on recent topics on the news. Easy A!
5.0 : I love Linda so much. Such an awesome person! I would 100% take her class again. Very encouraging and accommodating.
4.0 : This is by far the best teacher I've had. She is to the point when explaining what is expected on assignments. She's understanding if you don't understand an assignment and will take her own free time to help. She the sweetest and nicest teacher I've ever had.
4.5 : Love this lady. Very soft spoken. She does often talk about bird watching but I believe it is because she wants to connect with her students far more than just English. Easy work and essay prompts. She prefers to teach about life than essay after essay after essay. Overall class is very enjoyable and she as well.
5.0 : To start off, Linda is one of the most nicest teacher I have taken so far. However, that does not mean she is lenient. If you miss class or are late 6 times or more, she WILL drop you from the class. Furthermore, she is always there for help and is willing to stay after her office hours if she need to. I highly recommend this teacher #SHETHEREALEST
5.0 : Linda is such a great teacher and I would hands down take her class again. She gives helpful feedback on essays, wants you to do good &amp; pass, lets you revise papers at the end of the semester, &amp; your writing will improve. Theres only 4 essays ranging from 3-5 pages and some reading throughout the semester.
5.0 : Really good professor, I took her for English 214, and she was amazing! Very strict on attendance,  required reader for the class, and book for book report. 5 essays total and a mini presentation of the last essay/book report at the end of the semester. Not too bad, easy A. Highly recommend!
5.0 : EFFING AMAZING! His teaching style is amazing! His books are amazing! His story is moving! I'm so proud to have been in the first class he taught at SFSU since being released from prison after 26 years!
5.0 : Professor Santos is amazing! He keeps the class very engaged and has the best teaching style ever! He is incredibly knowledgable and knows everything about the criminal justice. Santos is very approachable so you won't feel intimidated at all. He is extremely helpful! Take his class, I promise you won't regret it!!
5.0 : Professor Yates is hands down the best professor in the program.  While his research and writing course is an introductory course, he has still managed to inspire me to continue with and complete a somewhat mediocre program.  This professor is on another level.  I admire his positive attitude and the kindness and compassion he shows his students
4.5 : Excellent Professor.  Engaging and informative lectures.  There are a few papers and memos.  No presentations.  Highly recommended.
5.0 : Grades really hard but willing to work with students
4.0 : NIce young guy, he's funny. do the readings because they will help in class and the tests, he likes those who participate, and participating will also help for the tests. essays are really hard, but he tells you what he expects,and lets one do-over for the first essay, only 2 essays and 2 tests. hard grader
5.0 : Star is a wonderful professor and a wonderful person. She is kind, accessible, and genuinely caring for her students. She'll stretch your writing skills without demanding too much reading or homework. She assigns several short(750-1000 word) essays throughout the semester, and one 2500-word final essay. You won't regret working with Prof. Star.
5.0 : Professor Star is great!! She taught the first three hour lecture I didn't dread going to every week. Her subject matter is engaging and the class discussions are fun and interesting. She's very understanding and friendly. Not a lot of work either. Just show up, participate, and don't be on your cellphone (she will call you out).
5.0 : Prof Star is the best English teacher I’ve ever had. She rejuvenated my love for reading that had been snuffed out by past professors, but she didn’t overwork or expect an obscene amount. She set an attainable standard that ultimately makes you better in all facets of literary critique and analysis. Take. Her. Class.
5.0 : Favorite professor, favorite class. SFSU is lucky to have had Dr. Star join the English Dept. recently. She is extremely thorough in her essay feedback, efficient in grading, prompt in responding to emails, friendly/approachable, and brings contagious enthusiasm to the class. Great discussion moderator. Loved everything about this Dickens course!
5.0 : Professor Star is an exceptional teacher! Not only will you learn about poetry and the author you are reading about during the week, but she will also provide other opportunities to further your research. Professor Star introduced me to The Tenant of Wildfell Hall and I enjoyed it. She is a tough grader, but she does it to push you. Take her class!
5.0 : Professor Star is an amazing person. This was the second class I had taken with her and I definitely plan on taking more with her in the future! She's intelligent, caring, and is always available outside of class if you need anything. Even if you're not an English Major, I would highly recommend her!
5.0 : This is my second class with Professor Star and I plan on taking many more by her. Though there aren't many assignments or tests, this class was pretty hard-but in a good way. It's opened my mind and has helped my reading analysis skills tremendously! (She also makes really good brownies). Must take her class!!
5.0 : Prof Star is amazing. I've taken her classes before and I will take them again. She is a wonderful teacher to have; fair grader, good feedback, kind, supportive, smart and reasonable. And she's open minded and listens to you.  Plus she has a cute dog and makes really good brownies!
5.0 : I love Prof Star. She's amazing--she leads great discussions and helps understand the readings. 3 essays, no exams. (she will assign pop quizzes if she feels students don't read the text) Fair grading, based on effort and originality. She's kind and funny and is passionate about Literature and Poetry. TAKE THIS COURSE
4.5 : Professor Star is AMAZING! I'm planning to take another class with her next semester. I loved this class, it was always engaging and interesting. She does give pop-quizzes but they're just to make sure that you're doing the reading- so they're super easy. Great class, fun, exciting, and will keep your attention.
5.0 : I loved Dr. Campbell's History of the Ancient Near East! The study of this period is challenging and he is very well aware that students can have difficulty understanding the histories. His work is very manageable and test are not terribly difficult. I will often regret missing one of his classes, the lectures are amazing and fun!
5.0 : Great professor, very understanding that things happen sometimes (ex: I was late to the midterm because I was on crutches, I missed a lot of class because I was sick) but was overall pretty solid. Also gives study guides for both midterm and final.
4.5 : Pretty great instructor. I never really cared about history, but the way he taught made the subject interesting. The classes were once a week and 3 hours long. Attendance isn't mandatory, but it helps to actually be there and take notes. Quizzes every week, a good amount of reading, 3 tests, and one paper. Very clear and he will help you if needed.
5.0 : One of the best professors ever. As long as you study the study guide you'll be fine. A 10 page paper and short written assignments. He is always willing to help and if the class if doing bad he will help everyone pass. A very understanding and nice professor. Will take him again
5.0 : Professor Campbell is hot in that nerdy kind of way. He genuinely cares about his students and will go out of his way to help. Looking forward to more classes with him!
5.0 : Best teacher I have ever had, you will work and you will learn.  I would not take him if you want to coast but if you're a motivated history major, you'll love it.  I believe everyone in the class passed though, some not doing or showing up much.  Good dude and he'll help you out.
5.0 : Outstanding Professor with a remarkable skill to engage students during lecture and very helpful during office hours. If you want to know the origins of Christianity and Judaism, take him!
5.0 : In my opinion the best professor in the History department. A genuine, nice, and caring guy who is very realistic and understanding of everyday life, no ridiculous and arbitrary rules. You can tell he is extremely passionate and incredibly knowledgeable about his area of study. I have loved all 5 classes that I have taken with him.
4.0 : He's great, excited and knowledgeable about the material, knows how to make it accessible, and works with you to make sure you do well. I missed 6-7 weeks of class due to illness, and he let me take the midterm like over a month late and gave me a substantial extension on the final paper.
4.0 : He is a good professor. sometimes boring,but the material is interesting i loved it! he gives 1 midterm, a  paper like 8-10 pages long, a final like the midterm, and short writing assignments here and there. he is nice i would take him again!
5.0 : He's a pretty cool graduate student instructor and gets that college students have lives too. Always makes sure the class understands what's being taught; if not, he'll spend extra time making sure it's clear. Very generous grade-wise.
5.0 : Really good professor!! If you don't understand the material he'll spend a couple more days going over it just so you understand. He really cares about his students and can really relate to you! He's also really funny. I recommend having him as your professor!!
4.5 : I am so glad I took this class. Amira is so sweet and very approachable. She is always there to help you out, and is VERY generous with extra credit. She is always in a positive mood, and encourages students to participate in class but will NEVER put you on the spot. Amira is one of my favorite professors I have had!!! DEFF TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!!!!!
5.0 : She's the best Spanish professor I've ever had. She makes sure that you understand the language and I guarantee that you will improve your fluency in Spanish by the end of the semester. She makes the class entertaining and uses videos, songs, and dialogues to teach the class. Don't fall behind in class and study hard for the tests for an A.
4.0 : She's really good, not too easy and not too hard. recommended to take!
5.0 : Caitlin is such an amazing professor! She takes time to get to know every student and makes sure everything she assigns is understood by each individual. I totally recommend her to anyone! 4 essays total, no final.
5.0 : Highly recommend this class! Caitlin really engages herself in the class discussions, her teaching making it easier to for the student to be engaged. She gets to know each of her students well and cares about whether they do well. Awesome teacher
5.0 : Typical class, but with an amazing professor. I had tons of fun with the 3x weekly journal but not so much the other writing assignments. Take Caitlin if you want a class you'll actually enjoy going to.
5.0 : Caitlin is absolutely awesome and amazing. She was my first college professor ever and was the only reason why I was motivated enough to get up at 8am. She's so welcoming and fun and gives you helpful feedback with your writing. I would definitely retake her class if I could
3.0 : Caitlin is super nice and funny. She is a little unorganized and I felt like there was a lot of busy-work. But I did learn a lot, you have to actually make effort to get a good grade.
5.0 : very lenient with paper work. gives plenty of time to work on essay
5.0 : Great professor, he was personable, clear, concise, and easy to listen to. I had a night class with him and it was a pleasure to be there. The textbook was hardly ever used, and he posted everything he expected or needed on ilearn or through email. Never a confused moment and I was always prepared from his posts.
5.0 : I loved Eric he was so funny and nice and he made the class interesting. I took his 3 hour class but the time flew by. If you go to his office hours it will greatly help you to formulate a speech. Great guy I recommend his class.
2.5 : He takes himself way too seriously. He makes the course very intimidating and way more difficult than it should be. I had to write a 4-6 page paper on a speech, give a 25 minute speech as a final, take a final exam, and write 12 pages, all in a span of 2 weeks. No A's, no late work, no excuses even with legalmedical documentation. Will report
4.5 : Eric is awesome. He gives a lot of time to complete assignments, and the class is mostly based on speeches, along with weekly journals and one final paper. He is extremely easy to relate to and provides useful help when you need him. He is usually cool about absences as long as you let him know.  I would definitely recommend his comm150 class.
4.5 : He has a great personality and makes class fun, but honestly he grades super hard in speech outlines and presentations, as if  I've done speeches my whole life.
4.5 : Sinervo was a great professor, it was great having her class. She was energetic and enthusiastic about her subject.The required texts are required for reading responses that were not hard to write and the texts were easy reads. There were study groups and the class was very structured.  As long as you show up and listen you'll be fine.
5.0 : Aviva is a great professor and I hope to have her again. She gives you study guides for the midterm and the final. There are however three papers throughout the semester and a lot of reading from the textbook. She is always there to help and her lectures are very easy to understand. She is a pretty easy grader and knows every students name.
4.5 : Dr. Sinervo was great for Anth-300. She covers  a lot of material so it was a little overwhelming at times, though. There are a few papers, 1 midterm, and a final. Exams are short answer + essay ?s, so you need to know the material to pass. She allows a "cheat sheet" which is helpful, too. Overall, I learned a lot in this class!
5.0 : Great class with a varied array of interesting subject matters. Professor Sinervo is also an articulate, enthusiastic, and knowledgeable lecturer. I would definitely recommend her class.
5.0 : Three readings, two papers, one fieldnotes assignment, a midterm, and a final. Prof. Sinervo is very enthusiastic about the subject and is very helpful when walking you through concepts in her office hours, if necessary. Her class isn't difficult at all, but it is interesting.
5.0 : I won't lie this class was very difficult (anth 300). It's just a lot of material to pack into one class. That being said I learned a ton and found it very interesting. Even though the concepts are difficult Dr Sinervo goes out of her way to help you with anything you need. Office hours were very useful. I recommend this class.
5.0 : Great professor! The class is heavy in both reading and writing, but the theories that are covered is what got my attention. I would definitely recommend this class.
4.5 : She gives 1 to 2 problems daily which makes attendance mandatory, and they can be quite hard. The quizzes and exams are always way easier than the homework, BUT she is a very, very hard grader, so do not expect any pity or sympathy points for any error. She also gives you three team projects and extra credits through out the semester.
5.0 : She is a great teacher who understands the material very well but AVOID TAKING HER if you can because she assigns an absolutely ridiculous amount of work. Easily the most work I've ever had in any class.
4.0 : Dr Kuczenski is a clear and well-prepared teacher; she knows the material very well and maintains a high level of professionalism. However, in our 3h class she could be long-drawn making the same point over and over again. She would benefit ENGR800 by stimulating the students more with additional in-class participation.
4.5 : Ms. Koory is a great, her lecture style is infused with her enthusiasm for the literature, which makes classes so much more interesting. Other than keeping up with reading, she asks for four papers. These papers do keep you on your toes because her standards for logical arguments are high, but she's very helpful. I really enjoyed her class!
4.0 : If you are having a difficult time go to her office hours. She is extremely helpful and will respond quickly to emails. If you do not read the texts you will not pass the class. Her pop quizzes are usually focused on vocabulary in the text, so look up any words  you don't understand because chances are you will have a quiz about it.
5.0 : Dr. Koory is a very inspirational teacher. So passionate and helpful. She opens up the class to a lot of discussion which is actually very helpful and fun. She expects a lot from your writings, but is willing to help you get there. There were two big papers and one test. Just attend, participate, read, and reach out to her for help.
5.0 : My favorite teacher ever! She is brilliant. I have taken 3 classes with her; 2 Shakespeare classes and my junior seminar. She is a Shakespeare scholar. She really knows her stuff. Her lectures are long, but they are very useful. She assigns about 3 papers per class. I can't recommend her enough.
5.0 : Loves the topic she teaches. Teaches off PowerPoint. All tests are take home. She encourages group work. You don't need to go to class, she offers a ton of extra credit. But she makes the topic interesting. She is a very sweet person and only wants to help her students succeed. Take the class.
5.0 : Professor Doss is a great teacher. Posts readings and encourages online participation. Weekly assignments,readings, and videos posted. She is very knowledgeable and made the class very intriguing.I enjoyed her class very much. Easy to get in contact with and very clear what is expected. Class was organized and set up great.
5.0 : Professor Doss's course was very thought provoking and eye opening. She puts up weekly assignments, videos to watch and forum posts. She encouraged allot of thought and involvement, not just in the assignment, but in advocacy in the issue you believe in. Great course and was my introduction to Health Education.
4.5 : He is very thorough and tries to explain things in multiple ways.  He is very approachable and patient.
5.0 : Great lab instructor. Available for extra help and very responsive to emails.  Breaks topics down to make them more understandable.
4.5 : Took the 8am...kinda slow because he actually goes through things so you don't have to find out on your own time. Laid back and is probably the most understanding teacher there is. Always offers help and even extra office hours. Jokes around. Made the 3hr 8 am lab pretty enjoyable.
5.0 : He is really patient and clear and does an excellent job of breaking things down.
5.0 : FAVORITE. CLASS EVER I strongly disliked 3hr classes but I always looked forward to this one. This class is an easy A as long as you show up, keep your notebook organized, and studdy for the test. I only really had to study 30 min prior to taking the exam and i would pass with an A
4.0 : For a three hour class, Brad makes it go by relatively fast. Class was easy and he explains concepts well, and the exams were straight-forward if you studied for them. Do all your work the way he wants it done and you'll get a good grade on it.
5.0 : BOWSER IS AN AMAZING TEACHER.  I LOVED HIS LAB CLASS!! It is challenging but you learn a great deal in a short amount of time.  He is super sarcastic and funny if you are hardworking and friendly.  A lot of work for 1 unit but I definitely recommend him !!!
4.5 : Awkward, but not bad once you get to know him. he responds to your email quite fast. really helpful. activities, quizzes, and the symposium isnt hard. you just gotta do it
5.0 : Good lectures and he really breaks things down well.  He stresses thinking and the use of  reasoning as opposed to just memorizing facts.  Great teacher!
5.0 : Very nice guy and really takes his time to explain things. Super funny guy and is always willing to help even if you don't get it. Time goes by fast taking his class because its actually interesting. Make sure to go to class because its mandatory since its a lab. 5 quizzes and a final also a symposium. Pretty straight forward and easy.
5.0 : Professor Bowser is extremely organized and caring, He has clear grading criteria and explains the concepts well.  So far the best professor I've had at SFSU.
5.0 : He's class is fun. There is NO homework in his lab class. All you need to do is just finish the notebook writing for each lab, and it's really not much.
5.0 : Steeziest dude alive. Take him.
4.0 : Weekly quizzes, a group project, lab book, and a final. Overall a good class even though it was a little on the harder side. Brad is the homie because he is on your side. He wants you to do well, he has a great sense of humor if you can pick up on it. Also he did me a solid by partnering me up with a cutie for the project, thanks Brad!!
5.0 : Brad is cool; he is actually pretty cute for his age. He is funny and full of knowledge. All we do in class is write the notebook, which as long as you put a very tiny effect on it you will get a 100% for the notebook. If English is not your first language, then this class is not an easy A but for sure a easy B.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. Very clear instructions, easy A if you show up
5.0 : He was really nice and funny.he wanted the best for the students so pushed papers back if students did not finish them, excepts late work. Reding is a must group discussion, weekly summary of reading, and 10 pg midterm not so bad. Recommend his class ..
5.0 : TAKE HIM, you won't regret it, honestly !!! Great, easy class to take for CJ class, each textbook, few 10 question quiz and easy final !!!
4.5 : Professor James Dudley is a great instructor and interesting class. I had a death in the family and my grade was a D. He email me and gave me the opportunity to turn in all my assignment with a 10 percent deduction. I completed all my assignment and got A on my term paper. My final grade was an A-. Cheap text book and weekly assignment.
5.0 : He was really good professor and provides real world examples to help reinforce the subject matter.
2.0 : The teacher is hard grader, the homework worth lots of point. If you are late for the homework the teacher deduct points. You must show up to class and must participate because if you dont the teacher deduct points.I pass with B but I could have gotten an A if wasn’t for the teacher to be so rigid. I realy try to like the teacher but it was hard.
5.0 : EASIEST PROF EVER. I wish I can take his class again. And honestly, I learned a lot and hes really funny.
5.0 : very understanding professor and flexible. TAKE HIM!
4.5 : Easy and fun class; just show up and participate, and make sure to do the weekly chapter summaries. I enjoyed having him as a teacher, and he knows his stuff because he is a former police commander. If you're on track to become a police officer like me, I would recommend you take him.
5.0 : Great class !Professor Dudley is So awesome! I learned so much in his class this past semester. He is very inspiring.
5.0 : Literally best teacher I've ever had. She went above and beyond to teach us about so many cultures.Papers are easy and based only on reflection. She's so understanding and helpful in every way. Mandatory attendance. She brings in many outside sources and people to add to each culture. Truly a BRILLIANT instructor!!
4.5 : Jeffreys will not hand out an A &amp; makes it very clear from the beginning. He tells you to drop the course if you scored below his expectation, I did but it was only bc I didn't read. However, if you make the effort the A will feel well earned. You cannot BS this class, and the use of the textbook is high. GREAT professor I will take him again !!!
3.5 : A lot of good and interesting guest lectures. He touches relevant topics and is open to a variety of views. Interesting class, and a good teacher!
5.0 : Very honest professor. He's the real deal, and...a little intimidating. His lectures were fascinating and they are engrained in my brain. He has an incredible teaching style which i think all teachers should adopt. The work can be a bit challenging but the bottom line is, you should take this class. I appreciate him.
4.5 : I took 2 of Jeffreys classes &amp; they were  the best 2 classes I have ever taken! His method of teaching is the best method in my opinion. Attendance is a must for points and in class assignments. The book is also a must, make sure to read. Jeffreys is intimidating but very helpful, don't be afraid to talk to him. He's really nice and understanding.
4.5 : Great professor and really cares about ASL by spreading awareness.  Text book is required, but completely worth it. Just study and practice daily and you will do great!  Fun class.  Highly recommended!
5.0 : Peter is really nice professor. This class is very interesting. You can know some basic stuff about asl. I highly recommend take his class.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class. He is a great professor. He is really passionate about ASL and the deaf and hear of hearing community. The book and class participation are mandatory.
3.0 : There was a lot of homework. The class doesn't meet any of the overlays but counts for social sciences. Best for SPED minors. I don't recomend if you want to learn something new or fun class
5.0 : A fun and functional class that I would recommend to anyone.
5.0 : Awesome ASL teacher!  After one semester, I am fluent enough to communicate well in sign language.  You'll learn not only the basics of ASL, but about deaf culture too.  Take his class!
5.0 : He was an awesome professor! He's upbeat, very expressive, and encourages all of his students to participate (its really easy if you participate because chances are if you got it wrong half the class did too). There was 2 presentations, a quiz every week, a paper for a deaf event you attend, and a final. It's easy so long as you want to be there!
5.0 : Fun class. A balance of new vocabulary, Deaf culture and social interaction. Highly recommend!!
5.0 : Super dope teacher. He's funny and always uses funny expressions to help people remember the signs. So worth taking this class. You should definitely practice the signs to pass. The practice easier than you think.
5.0 : Professor DeHaas is a tough grader and expects you to show up to class. That said, this is one of the greatest classes I have taken in my undergraduate career. He is obviously passionate about what he does and reinforces not only the intrinsic value of ASL &amp; Deaf culture, but an awareness around the concepts of civic responsibility and inclusion.
5.0 : Great Professor! dedicated &amp; charismatic! I will say though, that his signing is not as inunsiated as others, so unless you've had him before it may be a little difficult to understand him at first.   Overall, I would definitely recommend taking Peter for ASLII! :)
5.0 : Super fun Professor! Took the ASL I class this semester, and really love ASL. A couple of 1 page papers, one deaf event w/ reflection, and 2 exams. A little scared at first, but Peter made if very comfortable to learn and express yourself. I can't wait to take ASL II.
5.0 : DeHaas has become one of my favorite professors at SFSU. A science major, but had an interest in ASL. However, this class exceeded my expectations. Strives to show a new perspective on Deaf Culture. Made ASL fun and easy to learn. Go to class everyday to practice and this class should be a breeze when the final comes. I appreciate all that he does.
5.0 : Peter is wonderful. Take ASL with him. He is the coolest guy and cares a lot about his students. Definitely recommend.
2.5 : I thought this class would be fun and easy but turned out to be neither. Quizzes, 2 presentations, short paper, midterm and a final. First off, he never gave any feedback and never returned the midterm or presentation grade so i never knew where I stood through the semester. He can be nice or on off days he's really grumpy! Not an easy class!!!
4.0 : Peter DeHaas is an amazing professor, I would highly recommend his class. His assignments are fun and he really wants everyone to learn and have a good time when learning.  If you're interested in learning ASL or want to learn more, he's the professor for you :)
5.0 : I had him for sign language 1 and it was a great class. He tells you what is expected from you at the beginning of the course. There are few homework assignments and 3 papers. All graded super easily (just follow the guidelines). Attendance is a big part of your grade so to get an A you do need to show up to almost all classes. Great teacher!
5.0 : Peter DeHaas is very into ASL and is very inspiring to say the least. He really looks out for his students and goes above and beyond in teaching about ASL and deaf culture. I would definitely take him again. Though there is homework from the textbook, it is necessary so that you can practice ASL out of school. ASL is a very neat language.
5.0 : DeHaas is a great professor. He is very knowledgeable and always takes time to meet with students outside of class. He also helped me get a paid position in the San Francisco Recreation &amp; Parks ASL immersion after school program.
5.0 : Must must must keep up with your CD given in your work book. We don't talk at all but sign everything from the first day. Despite no talking you end up laughing a lot because he's a real character. I loved the class so much I'm continuing ASL next semester with the same teacher.
4.5 : Attendance is really important in his class because he'll often cover words that are not in the textbook (plus it affects your grade). There's absolutely no speaking in the class so you'll want to stay on top of your signing in order to understand most of the lecture. However, he's still a pretty nice guy and happy to offer help if you ask him.
5.0 : Peter is a great professor and he cares and makes sure his students grasp the language! He is funny and he really tries to help. Keep up with the signs and you will do fine! Participate!
5.0 : On the first day of class he went straight into signing. He focuses on making sure the student understands what is being said and will often sign and then write on the board what was said.
5.0 : Professor Peter DeHaas made sure all lectures were clear and tried to keep all students on the same path. Very cool and easy going professor. I would definitely take his class again. He's a very fair professor BUT expects students to show up, get their homework in on time AND be prepared for exams. Fun class!
5.0 : The instructor was very patient with the students and would make sure that we were understanding the material. He also made class fun and worth going to by reviewing homework and learning new vocabulary. Show up and participate! Also, do the work outside the class, it will pay off.
5.0 : As soon as the first day we are already signing and learning new signs. In order to learn all the material you must come to class, also do the homework on the workbook because it is helpful. He accessible outside of the classroom. He is passionate about teaching and even without talking in the class he makes everything understandable.
5.0 : It was my very first time learning ASL and the Professor DeHaas made it really worth while. He made the lectures more interesting and engaging. You do need to work hard in this class. Do your homework, watch videos, and make appointment to practice with him at the office will help a lot.
5.0 : He creates an inclusive and safe environment for students to learn in the class. He's always responsive to questions and will actively help you with what you don't understand by repeating signs and using other methods like writing it down or drawing it. If you put in the effort and ask questions, he will help you finish strong.
4.5 : Laura is so nice and such a great teacher, I learned so much in her class ! Do read the book she assigned, that will help understanding how she expect you to act. Participate in her class, she likes that a lot.
5.0 : She only guest lectured for Mr. Boyd a handful of times, but she was AWESOME. Shes prob the hottest teacher in the entire school...let alone the comm department, although can't be any older than 26. She's way chill, funny, doesn't lecture the entire time and hella smart. I actually WANTED to listen to her hahah wish she taught more than comm150
5.0 : BEWARE THE WORKLOAD! I would take Megan again because she's wicked smart, facilitates really cool lectures, and is always willing to help if you fall behind, but that's just it...... the workload is a lot and you can (and some do) fall behind. EC offered tho. Don't take advantage of her cause she'll call you out. Chili pepper professor for sure
5.0 : I'm writing this now because my friend asked who he should take for communication 150. TAKE MEGAN!!!!!! Not only is she super hot, she is really sharp. Her wit brings everything to a relatable level and she makes you think about your opinions. Speech topics are really interesting and lectures are fascinating.  Light book use, no tests, hot hot, hot
5.0 : Megan is a great teacher. The class itself is very easy, and she doesn't grade too harshly on speeches even if you're nervous. She's also extremely entertaining and funny.
5.0 : I have her in Com 150 and she is a great professor. Fun class, informational, gives extra credits (2 assignments). Definitely should take her!
4.5 : Megan is a riot. She starts every class with coffee and easy conversation with students and is funny as all hell. She is very passionate and has taught me to think in a critical way. It's cool when teachers inspire you. No testsexpect to write a lot. SUPER pretty and very approachable. Doesn't take BS. Overall favorite class of the semester.
5.0 : Megan is my favorite teacher i have ever had. She is so down to earth and i was excited every single day going to her class. She doesn't grade hard at all on speeches and gives great feedback to better yourself. Absolutely take this class.
5.0 : Megan is a gem. One of the best instructors I've ever had. She takes the topic of communication and brings it to a whole new level. In this class, you will learn far more than you expect. She starts great discussions that matter. The class is not easy, but not hard either. She doesn't believe in tests, so thats a plus:)  Fortunate to take her.
1.0 : Megan is a nice teacher but she makes it so known that we are just a side job. We were a once a week class and you gotta participate. If you miss a lecture, it's all bad. It is hard to get in contact with her since she hardly replies. Also, if social justice is your niche, then this is your class. More writing about social justice, less speeches.
5.0 : By far the best professor I have ever had. She makes the class fun and you learn a lot in her class. No tests! Have to write papers but she grades pretty easy as long as you show that you know the material. Homework is fun and easy too! Extra credit is given throughout the semester. I would take her class again! Take her class, you won't regret it!
5.0 : Megan is seriously the best. Absolutely try to get her class. Sure, its a public speaking course but she also teaches on how to be inclusive and just a general better human being. She's hilarious and not afraid to be outspoken and 100% real. She made me a better and stronger person.
5.0 : It sucked only having Megan for a 1 night a week class because it was my no joke favorite 1! She is so smart and upfront. She's a tough grader on some projects and not on others but she's down to help you out if you need it. Don't miss class because it's hard to catch up. Ton of writing if you rather do that than take tests.
4.5 : Probably the most Interesting class you will take at SFSU
3.0 : Promised on the first class that it would be "possibly the best class you'll ever take in college." After walking out on the last evening, I thought to myself, "Hardly." Although he has a HUGE vocabulary and can speak intelligently, on a multitude of subjects with rapid fire, what I actually learned beyond 100 new words, was practically nil.
5.0 : He's incredibly smart and loves to teach. He also chose interesting books for his students and doesn't really assign homework -- just a midterm and a final project/paper. Definitely one of my favorite teachers at SFSU. He's leaving SFSU after the fall 2014 semester so be sure to take one of his classes!
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever met. Even though though I'm not interested in humanities at all- I just took the class for a general requirement, and I still really enjoyed his class. He's really knowledgeable and funny. His class is just too good to miss. The class session is 3 hours long, yet, you can't lose your interest during the class.
5.0 : This was the best class I've taken. Prof. Taylor talks about things that matter and stimulates your brain. And the readings are not bad at all.I took this class as a GE but now I wish I could take all my classes with him! Definitely take his class!!
5.0 : Overall pretty cool class and professor. He sorta repeats himself from time to time but the content is pretty interesting. You get 3 classes that you can miss. 1 midterm which is a 3-4 page paper and a final which you have the option of doing a 7 page paper, video, or a zine. He makes you buy a bunch a books but they are all interesting.
5.0 : AMAZING professor! One of the few professors that have interesting lectures. He likes to relate the class material about current events as well. Very strong voice and funny guy, so it's hard not to pay attention. You have to buy a few books, but he doesnt assign a lot of assignments! You can do a lot of extra credit. I'd highly recommend his class!
5.0 : Professor Taylor is one of my most favorite teachers. I took him for my LS 300 GWAR requirement and just the way he presents the material is everything. He engages students in work and works with you when you have questions. He will also write you a recommendation letter but you have to give him a month notice. Highly recommend him!
5.0 : The best professor and course I have ever taken in any institution. He's hilarious, gives great recommendations on just about anything. Highly recommend!
2.0 : Professor Taylor is disorganized. He assigned one essay in the first four months and then squeezed in NINE essays in the last month of the semester. We didn't get our very first assignment back until the last day of class, so no room for revision. He also isn't clear or specific with essay prompts and makes you guess at what he expects from you.
5.0 : Basically the best professor I have had, hands down. Interactive and high energy, very funny, nothing is off limits, but at the same time you are really learning. Basically dude is on point.
4.0 : Even with the long lecture the teacher makes  the lecture really interesting, tests are okay and there's one final term paper. Oh and this class clears 3 things from your DARS so take it!
5.0 : Pretty funny and down to earth. Easy on the eyes. Class was super easy; one midterm, one final, and one five page term paper on a topic of your choice. He posts all powerpoints online and gives you everything you need to know for the midterm/final. Both super easy if you study/look through the powerpoints. Despite the easy A, you still learn a lot.
5.0 : Kevin is not only passionate about what he does, and he also ensures that we get a thorough understanding of our political world ( not just through facts, but through a deeper connection to the perseverance of our democracy). I highly recommend his course! He's very intelligent, easy to talk to, and quite charming!
5.0 : Kevin is AMAZING. He is so nice and  you can tell he's very passionate about the subject which makes him fun to listen to. He's very understanding and more than willing to help you out when you're confused. As long as you take the notes and study you'll do fine on the midterm and quizzes. He's also nice eye candy!
2.0 : He is not clear about what you need to know. Said he would post powerpoint slides, but he never did. Does not talk about the term paper until after the midterm is done halfway through the semester. He seems like a chill guy, but he is not a good teacher. This class is somehow more difficult than my science classes and I am a hard worker.
5.0 : A guy who just loves politics.  He's very engaging in his lectures and tries to make sure everyone has a chance to speak up.  Barely any homework in his GWAR class but kind of unorganized in his schedule.  We had a ton of time to work on the first paper and little to none for the second.  Just a great guy but class can be a drag if no one talks!
3.5 : He cares so much about being relatable and engaging his students. Sometimes I wonder though how effective his lectures really are because I cant say I learned much in the way of American Politics but I have an A? . It was more of a group discussion type class scenario instead of content-based learning. I wouldn't say it's a conventional gov. class
3.0 : Croshal is very chill and laid back. The only thing is he tends to deviate away from class material and we end up talking about whatever is going on in current events. Papers and exams are straight forward as long as you do the reading. Pretty much all lecture. Material can get dry but he tries to make it interesting and fun. I would take him again
3.0 : What I like how he's unbiased as a professor and keeps his political views out of lessons. Makes references to 'recent' political events that no one in the class is old enough remember (I know this guy's probably like 30-something, but the class was mostly people 25 who couldn't remember any political events prior to the mid 2000's). Encourages class participation and discussion. Handful of papers, nothing too bad throughout the semester.  Not a bad teacher, but not spectacular or anything.
2.5 : Professor Croshal has a very monotonous way of lecturing so its very hard to stay engage and awake in his class. But overall his class is pretty easy with a weekly 5 question quiz, two 1-2 response papers, midterm and final and a final 5 page paper. I consider his class to be pretty easy and gives you time to spend time on your other classes.
4.0 : Kevin had a soft monotone voice which made it difficult for me to stay focused in this class. Besides the fact that his voice was very quiet most of the time, this class was pretty straightforward. Attendance is not mandatory but is recommended. There was a quiz about every week on the reading, a midterm, a final, and a 10-12 page paper due.
5.0 : One of the best courses I've taken at sf state. Highly recommended
5.0 : He is very generous and kind. really cares about his students, I learned so much from him. HE made a 4hr class interesting. Quizzes every week, so read! but they are super easy. a midterm, final, and term papers. almost no hw but reading. I would def recommend. Do ur part and show up and you will learn. TAKE HIM!! one of my fav professors.
4.0 : Very nice teacher. Nice to look at, too. He loves Politics so much and it's really nice to see all of his passion at work. He does have a monotone voice and very stale lectures. Online quizzes aren't too bad. One midterm and a final test. The class is a little tricky because there is a lot to know about government.
4.5 : Croshal is cool, laid-back, and a reasonable grader. He clearly has a passion for the subject which shows in the way he teaches. Mini quizzes at the beginning of class on the assigned reading that week. One big paper at the end of the semester.
4.0 : Kevin was awesome! One midterm, one final, and a six page paper was all that was required. I don't know if I learned anything conventional that I hadn't already known, though. But he is a good teacher and can tell he loves American Politics. Encourages going to office hours. Sign in sheet every class.
5.0 : She is awesome. Very easy &amp; makes it very easy to learn the material. Definitely take the lab with her. 5 small easy quizzes (keeps 4 best grades) &amp; regular final &amp; an easy easy presentation. Taking her is a must. trust me.
4.0 : GREAT instructor,  Dube is the SWEETEST. so helpful and clear teaching curriculum, hardly ever used the textbook, thats all on you, how much you want to use it as a reference, her power points are all posted on learn! 5 quizzes, drops the lowest score 2 midterms, drops the lowest score and the final. take Dube!
5.0 : This is a pretty easy class, just pay attention and study from the power points and you shouldn't get anything less than an A, if not a B+. I never even bought the book.
5.0 : She has good knowledge of her economics. She summerizes up all the theory into concise, effective slides. You can either study on your own by given book and slides or come to class. Easy to get an A. No mandatory attendance. Sweet professor.
5.0 : TAKE THIS CLASS.  She is super helpful and her class is relatively easy.  She is very clear in her lectures and does a good job pointing out important information.  She has a huge knowledge of what she teaches and is very approachable.
3.5 : She's a nice and fun teacher.
3.5 : Very nice person, OK teacher. Not a very engaging class, and the information taught isn't too concise, but it is a fairly easy class nonetheless. Attendance isn't required, but you miss out because she only tests on what she goes over in class(for the most part). All in all, it's not too hard to get an A in this class.
4.0 : Jeanette is an ok teacher, she really tries to make you like her class but it didn't work for me. The worst part is that this is an English Composition Class and she was teaching us 5 paragraph essay structure! This is college, not middle school. Also, make sure you post responses on iLearn. Attendance is 10% of the grade.
5.0 : Great teacher, clear teaching style. Will give you valuable education to use in and out of the classroom.
5.0 : Werndorf was a funny and energetic teacher. He's a graduate teacher, and I had him during his first semster teaching. Philosophy is a complicated subject, but he tries his best to explain it. If something is complicated, ask him for help after class or during his office hours, it'll definitely help. Overall, great teacher, but difficult subject.
4.5 : He's a really nice teacher &amp; is really helpful when students need help. It's a chill class. Plus, he is realllllly good to look at.
4.0 : Cool lab guy. Even if he doesn't explain much, he will help you out with the lab work if you need any. He was really helpful to me and my group. He's also an easy grader. Show up to every lab and work, and you'll be guaranteed at least a B to A-. He gave me an A/A- on most of my assignments.
4.5 : Very fun and interactive class. For homework, you write weekly blogs where she gives you a prompt. There's one big group project but she's a very easy grader. Overall supportive and fantastic class. Gina is super nice and definitely knwos what she's talking about.
5.0 : LOVE HER. One of the most caring professors i've encountered not only about her job but about her students. If you are looking for an interesting class and to be well informed I definitely recommend this clas. Not too my papers or assignments.
5.0 : I love Gina! She is so kind, passionate, and knowledgable. She gives great feedback and truly cares about all of her students. Also, she will encourage you to buy the book at the beginning of the semester but YOU DO NOT NEED IT.
2.0 : Gina is very nice &amp; enthusiastic, it's a fun class. Only thing you REALLY need to know is she does NOT give reminders or any mentions about stuff that's due throughout semester &amp; still expects it to be done. No leniency either. Most teachers mention an upcoming big assignment, but not her, so check the syllabus EVERY week or you'll get screwed!
5.0 : Gina is such a boss. She is so experienced and knowledgeable. Her class teaches you all the important things future employers are looking for. As an instructor, she is so positive and patient. Any class with her is a step in the right direction for your life.
5.0 : Gina is a perfect example of a tech savvy, invested, and calculated professor. She cares deeply about each student and will go out of her way to work with your needs. She also has valuable experience in journalism/media. Lectures are a treasure, and she loves class discussion. Assignments are well-explained/outlined in syllabus. Highly recommend.
4.5 : This class was my favorite class this past semester. Gina had really fun assignments if you are really into playing with all the simple technology out there (photo edit, video edit, website blogs, etc.). If you show creativity and effort, you will get an easy A. Such a nice person and really not difficult to talk to if you have any questions.
5.0 : Professor Sayers is amazing! He is extremely helpful and is willing to answer any questions. His lectures are very interesting. He also provides study guides for his test. He is a super cool professor. Highly recommend taking his class.
4.5 : David Sayer is an amazing professor!  Since he has lived all around the world and finished his Ph.D at Princeton University, he is well qualified and lectures off the dome.  Very clear.  There are weekly map quizzes that aren't hard and have EC questions.  Only 2 tests: a midterm and final.  Overall awesome!
5.0 : Professor Sayers is a really good teacher, I didn't have much interest in IR before, but he made it interesting and easy for non IR majors. The weekly map quizzes are easy just make sure to study beforehand because they all add up and the midterm and final were surprisingly easy because he is a generous grader. Would take him again!
5.0 : Wonderful teacher. He answers ANY questions that you ask. He's always open for office hours (or by appointment). The language itself is hard, but nothing he won't work out with you. If you do the work you're sure to get an A.
5.0 : So far the best class I've taken! David is a fantastic professor,  he's always willing to clarify things and answer any questions. There's weekly readings, but about 2-4 PDFpages. Homework is easy. His lectures are very interesting and engaging. Second half of the semester is just watching movies. I recommend taking this professor or this class!
4.0 : Sam has a very thick accent that was very hard to understand at first. You get used to her teaching style. Most people taking math 70 already know most of the material from high school. Therefore, the class is mostly review. She goes very slow and it was easy to skip. The final was take home. There are only two other tests.
5.0 : She actually makes learning math fun and entertaining. She likes to teach the basics before she goes too in depth which is helpful for those who struggle with math.
5.0 : David Santamaria is the only prof in the SFSU extended learning Digital Video Intensive (DVI) course I give a thumbs up to for the simple reason that he fulfills the program promises. He's a working professional w current material. He's a fantastic teacher who loves his craft. He made himself available in off time. N he gave useful career advice.
4.5 : If you're comfortable with public speaking, this class should be a breeze for you. The material itself (vocabulary, textbook) is kinda boring, but speeches were super easy for me. The only thing I didn't like is that she treats you like you're a high school student (no cell phones, talk to her after class, etc.)
5.0 : Loebs is a great professor. Not only is he VERY well-versed on the information, but he explains everything and encourages questions. Classes are straightforward and are  just dedicated to lectures based on the reading. 3 essays, gives you 2 weeks each.  If you want to pass, don't skip, pay attention during lectures, and at least skim the reading.
4.0 : Loebs is an awesome guy. Classic hipster, he knows what's up, kinda a weirdo though. His class is super chill, he spiels for an hour &amp; a half and thats it. As you can imagine this can be very redundant &amp; boring. Only assignments are 3 essays which he grades kind of hard on so know your stuff &amp; always meet the page requirement. Lots of extra credit.
5.0 : Loebs is the most interesting and intellectual professor I've come across so far in my freshman year. Lectures are awesome and interesting, but the essays are the hardest essays I've come across so far, very specific requirements and he grades them very hard.
5.0 : Loebs is a very funny guys and a great professor. He is very passionate about the subject. This class is reading heavy but the only assignments for the class are 3 papers and attendance is 10% of your grade. If you dont read you need to attend the lectures because you will still need quotes and the ability to understand the material for the papers.
5.0 : Loebs is a really chill guy. He is kind of wacky, but in a cool intellectual way. He is very clear and explains everything rather well. He is super smart too and definitely knows the material like the back of his hand. Even though you don't really need the books for class I recommend you still buy them for the essays. Definitely recommend him.
4.0 : Loebs is a Great Professor! I learned a lot by just attending class and taking notes. He's sort of unconventional which is kinda refreshing when compared to other boring professors.
4.0 : 2 papers. one for midterm and one for final. he gives you a month to do it. write it in a week and keep checking with him to make sure theyre perfect and youll get an A. hes really funny and very smart. take it with him. he assigned extra credit once. and you can miss a couple times and still pass but attendance is 10% of your grade. 6 books ):
3.0 : Nice guy. Attendance is mandatory to a certain degree but it's not unreasonable. I had medical issues during the semester and he was very understanding about my lack of attendance when I emailed him. Class can be super boring so take basic notes and/or use the book a lot for essays because you won't remember everything. That said, he's good.
4.0 : Lectured the entire time. Tests were usually based off the readings. Lots of reading every week!! Get points taken off if you don't go to class. You have one paper you gotta do during the semester, but essay isn't too baf
4.0 : Professor Michael Loebs is a very well rounded instructor, the majority of the class consists on really interesting lectures (poli sci major).  4 quizzes and 3 essays all take home, although you may get away only on lecture notes, it is critical that  you read the text if you aim to get an A.
5.0 : She's a great teacher who loves what she does. She can explain the simplest things to people and has great patience. She's young and enthusiastic about teaching and personally I think she's very cute when she teaches. All biases aside, she's a good at what she does and is super easy.
5.0 : I was very apprehensive coming into this class because anatomy is known to be a very difficult subject. Eryk was very clear on what he expected of us and made sure to prepare us for what was to come. Very approachable, knowledgeable, and overall a great instructor. Enjoyed taking this class with him. If you can have him as an instructor, DO SO!
4.5 : Eryk was great! He's very helpful if you have a question, and he knows his stuff. He really wants you to learn and understand the material, so he makes sure that you do. I definitely wouldn't have done as well in this class without him. He's also kinda strict with grading the quizzes, but if you pay attention and be specific, you'll be fine!
5.0 : Eryk is a fantastic instructor! He knows the material thoroughly, and made the class fun and interesting as well. I always loved going to class and looked forward to it each week. He was always willing to help in whatever way he could and it's clear that he really cares about his students. It was definitely my favorite class that semester!
4.5 : Savci is honestly such an amazing educator. She's so charismatic and extremely passionate about women and gender. Taking her course has really opened my eyes to the world, and has enabled me to think critically. Her lectures are very interesting, and conveys her ideas very clearly. You definitely have to read the articles to pass the course
5.0 : Awesome professor! She's super clear and willing to help with any questions. Only hw was readings that were pdf's so no textbooks. Two papers based on the readings, a easy written exam, and a final creative presentation. Easy class all you have to do is read and go to class, attendance mandatory! definitely would take again.
4.5 : She does give reading ever week but i didnt read at all and passed the midterm because she goes into so much depth about the reading. Class is like one big discussion. Powerpoints are good and she is super nice and super open to ideas. Only one paper that was easy to write. Has a sign in sheet passed around every class. I would recommend.
4.5 : She is such a good teacher! There is a lot of reading assigned but if you miss one or two no worriers !! Her powerpoints are very helpful and deeply explains and analysis the readings. All in test writings are open notes and super easy if you take notes on powerpoints
5.0 : Evren is a great professor!! She provides all readings through online PDFs (so no textbooks) and keeps class interesting and engaging every session. In order to do well you just have to go to class, participate, and write one midterm and one final! Any class with Evren will have you expanding your world views and becoming a more critical thinker.
3.5 : Attendance is mandatory and she is very strict about it. Otherwise, Evren is nice and genuine. She tries to engage the class with discussion, and it usually works... Two easy 2-page papers, a written midterm and final, and an easy, broad group project. Not too hard if you know how to write. All readings are in PDF format... I never read.
4.0 : Evren is an excellent professor. I loved this class until I realized that all I was required to do was regurgitate the often one-sided opinions in readings and make sure to use key terms in my essays. A tricky and efficient way for profs to grade over 100 papers. Not good for students who want a robust and varied discussion in an intro class!
4.0 : Great professor! You can tell she's very passionate and knowledgable about the subject matter. Attendance is mandatory. Lots of readings (she provided them for free download) which were discussed during every class. Encourages participation and is very engaged with students.
5.0 : He's super chill and seems awesome but he can be a super tough grader and expects a lot out of you. It's not a big deal, I got used to it and it helps you learn the material better. He just goes by the rules.
3.0 : I swear I thought he was a TA for the longest time, apparently not LOL but he is a very straight from the book kind of person. It's very demanding for a one unit lab class so if you want an easy A don't take it.
5.0 : Great teacher, knowledgable, passionate about the subject, very willing to help if you ask. I learned significantly more in lab than I did in the lecture class. also plays awesome music during the labs!
5.0 : The most inspiration teacher I have ever had. Always there for you when you need help. This world needs more educators like Delicia Kamins. Such a pleasure to be in a classroom with someone as intellectual as her. However, her class is not easy, but if you read the book and follow along with all that she has assigned, you will do well.
3.0 : Amazing teacher but the class is not that easy. This class is more of a "your answer is what you think it is" sorta way. Readings are kind of hard to understand but she goes over it in class. Her energy level is really high up there and she really cares for her students. She does play favorites. Go to her office hours and ask questions!!!!
5.0 : GREAT and passionate. professor. She truly cares about you and teaches clearly. Professor Kamins has a quality that many professors do not have.
4.0 : Delicia is a really silly teacher! Class is fun with her. She grades a little tough on the quizzes, but you just have to be thorough with your answers. Not much homework, but you DO have to read and understand the chapters in order to do good on quizzes. If you're struggling, go to her office hours and she'll help you. Highly recommend taking her!
2.0 : Responds late to emails. Grading on essays was unclear. Purposefully made trick questions to "teach students a lesson" instead of letting us know the importance of something. I understand it was summer, but her response to emails, lack of organization, and grading made it difficult to do well in the class. Not an easy A, you gotta try really hard.
5.0 : Professor Kamins is the best and most important teacher that I have ever had. She has great lectures, and she makes it very obvious what you need to know. The quizzes are online and they are open note and open book. There are only two papers, and they are super easy as long as you support your points with evidence. Take this professor!!!
3.5 : Not an easy A at all. Lots of reading. On the test, she gives you a quote from the reading or class and you're supposed to finish it with the exact words. Tests are really hard. Delicia herself is a lovely person, she just has high expectations. You'll need to write down everything her slides say-she tests you on that. Take something easier.
4.5 : Great professor and would gladly take any class from her again. Delicia is strict on the assignments, but to a reasonable extend. Show up, do the work, take the tests. Simple. If you listen to her lectures when she goes off tangent, you will hear answers to questions you never knew you wanted to ask.
3.5 : She doesn't exactly seem to be sure of her own points, but the class isn't too bad.
5.0 : Incredibly knowledgeable and helpful. Learned a ton and class was really fun! And it helps that he was really hot...
5.0 : He makes difficult material somewhat easy. It took a while to get used to governmental accounting since it is a bit different than for profit accounting. He gives a lot of extra credit and goes over the test thoroughly beforehand. If you attend every class, it is pretty easy to get an A.
5.0 : While I disagree with John's attendance policy, I think he does a great job teaching the subject. He really does want his students to pass and to get the most out of this course. Do all the extra credit offered and you'll be fine and definitely attend all the classes or he'll most likely deduct points.
4.5 : Took his Winter session, which for those who don't know, are 8 days long, 9am-3:30pm in January. He gives you practice tests of EXACTLY what will be on the test, didn't even change the numbers in the questions. I can't say what Fall/Spring semesters are like, but Winter session was an easy A.
2.0 : Take this class if you want to pass, simple as that. The lectures are very straight-forward and the exams are straight from practice questions. He promotes the more practical way of doing problems instead of the notes versions, useful but confusing. Beware though, he has an insanely short temper and will snap at you for not understanding him.
4.0 : He's here to help you succeed in this class. He really helps you understand the concepts and obviously knows his stuff. I really recommend taking his class.
4.5 : The extra credit are what saved my grades. Show up to all class sections, do all the extra credit. Got a score of 35 for a issue paper that is worth 10 points.
5.0 : EASIEST CLASS EVA. Take this if you don't like math or accounting. Get to skip 4 classes per semester. 3 tests total, all multiple choice. Just do extra credit.
1.5 : At first when i read about him been easy professor it clearly that i was going to pass. However, he made the semester horrible and gets mad when you dont participate. Take it back, midterm practices for you to study he has many of them and he will go through it with you. when it comes to the test is totally confusing he rewording are complicated.
5.0 : I don't understand why anyone would write a negative review for him. He is awesome! He cares for his students and gives various opportunities for students, to not only pass, but also get an A, and this is coming from someone who really struggled with accounting previously.  I wish he taught all business courses!
5.0 : Hands down the best accounting professor you're going to find at SFSU. Honestly just wants everyone to pass. Goes through problems in class until everyone understands and then puts almost the exact problems on test. Sometimes the same questions he went over in class. Funny as hell too. Take his class and you won't regret it
5.0 : You are on you own with this class. He makes the material clear but if you need help and ask him he will talk to you as if you are stupid. Although he is a good professor, he is VERY impatient and is very discouraging. If you can't handle the heat stay out of this kitchen.
5.0 : John Lord is an exceptional professor. He is funny and very easy going. Gives out study guides for the midterms and final, study those and you'll EASILY get an A on them. Gives extra credit, which he gives the answers to most of the time if you are in class. Teaches great methods and not just from the book. Lectures aren't boring.
4.5 : Great Professor! Gives a lot of extra credit and he'll whatever he can to help students pass the course. He provides a study guide. Take him if you want to pass!
5.0 : He is an awesome teacher! go to class pay attention and you will pass. He really wants his students to succeed in the class even if you are not an accounting major. If you don't want to hate your life while taking accounting take his class, you will not regret it.
4.5 : Pretty clear teacher, introduced the subject of financial accounting as best as a teacher can. Clear grading, passionate, but had a bit of a temper if your class isn't participating. Overall, the class was easy and he gives you so many chances to pass. Takes role.
5.0 : Such a nice caring teacher. Gives the class many opportunities to do well. Definitely take him for ACCT 100!
5.0 : Made his class super easy. I did way too much at the beg of the semester. He gives a lot of extra credit, but he does care about his students. He only teaches you what you need to know and makes sure the class understands something before moving on. Just do the hw (even tho its not mandatory), and you'll get an A. Gives out study guides too
1.5 : John is well knowledge but his style of teaching is not as affective. 3 midterms very confusing. He mention many times his test are easy but as a student is very hard. He will provided practices problems and it would not be related some problems will but not all of them. If you have the option to take someone else do it.
5.0 : John is an amazing guy and a GREAT professor!  He thoroughly understands how hard the learning process can be, especially with acct.  John is NOT here to make it difficult on anyone, he is here to help make a difficult subject easy.  If you take him you will pass, if not with flying colors due to his generous amount of extra credit on every exam.
4.5 : Your grade in the class is predominantly determined by three exams (and like 5% participation) and he does offer extra credit! You need to take his class! He is extremely helpful and will do what he can to make you pass.
2.0 : The average grades of the midterms are Cs. If you want to get an A, you have to study hard. He gave us extra credits, but his texts are not the same as the examples in the book or in the lecture. be careful. you have to fully understand the materials.
4.0 : He goes over topics pretty quickly and jumps straight to the practice questions, so if you skip class, you won't fully understand the material. His class isn't too hard, but you have to really know the material in order to pass. He also deducts points after 4 absences. He also sometimes puts trick questions on his exams, so be very careful!
5.0 : This professor is funny and the best Accounting teacher!  I work in the business world and everything he pointed out during lectures that business majors of SFSU should know about ACCT if they intend to graduate and succeed in the professional world is very accurate. STUDY FOR THE EXAMS and DO THE HW/PRACTICE TESTS before class to pass this class!
5.0 : He is extremely helpful and will do what he can to make you pass. He does offer extra credit. Good lectures.
4.5 : Would definitely take again. Lord is the best. He's very generous and truly wants to see you succeed. He'll take time out of his day to insure you feel comfortable with the material. Such a great guy. He has some pretty great jokes as well. The way he talks is great.
1.5 : I got a 98% and here's how: he gives almost the exact same questions from the study guide on the actual exams. make sure you COMPLETELY understand the study guide and you'll ace the class for sure. there is also a ridiculous amount of extra credit in this class to boost your grade. Even if the wait list is full, crash the class.
5.0 : Pay attention in class, read his power point, and do the practice exam then you will get an A in this class. Make sure you don't just do the practice exam. You need to understand it.
3.0 : I seriously hate accounting and John made it a little simpler for me. But it still confuses me. Luckily I passed with a B+. You really have to go over those study guides like 5 times to get it. Make sure you really understand the material. If you do that, you'll get an A since the questions are almost identical to the study guides.
3.0 : Not sure why he has the red pepper, he looks like my dad.  Aside from that, he can be intimidating at first but he's really not he's pretty fun.  The class consists of 2 midterms and a final, attendance counts. His teaching style wasn't the best for me but reviewing practice midterms he posted before class really helped me get through.
5.0 : He offers so many chances for you to pass it would be a crime to fail. Midterm questions are split in half (15 questions are take home, 15 in class) and he offers a bonus question worth 10 points with each test. AND there's also extra credit questions tucked in there as well. He's super nice and extremely clear, what more could you ask for?
5.0 : very clear, helpful guy
4.0 : Prof. Lord is clear and easy. He gives extra credit for midterms and they really do help you boost up your grade.
5.0 : Accounting is tuff, but Professor Lord makes the impossible... POSSIBLE. I'm currently enrolled in his class.  This will be my third time taking acct 100.  I'm averaging a B+ in the class.  He is an AWESOME teacher, who actually teaches and doesn't read off slides.  He values participation and is generous with extra credit.
1.0 : He has very serious anger management issues. I don't learn anything from him and I can't ask any questions. I would never repeat any class with him.
3.5 : Exams are exactly like homework (practice exams). Often goes through topics to quickly.
4.0 : He is an awesome professor. He is pretty straight forward on what he expects from his students. Two midterms, one final. Each test has an extra credit question which can seriously boost you up an entire letter grade. Don't waste his time!! Show up to class, engage in the lecture and you'll pass!
1.5 : At first, you think this guy is going to be a chill prof. who gives crazy extra credit on the tests and is very lax. And then you're wrong. Changed his whole attendance policy 13 weeks into the semester, taking away 5% of your final grade for not showing up for 4 classes. What? He's more childish than his freshman students. Boring and hard class.
5.0 : I really enjoyed John's class. Accounting can be really boring and hard but he made it more fun and easier.  I liked how he always go through the practice midterms together with class and make sure we all get it. It could be a lot more stressful if he didn't. I would definitely recommend taking his class.
5.0 : Aaron is an awesome teacher. I had him for Astronomy lab and his class was a lot of fun. His class wasn't terribly easy, but he definitely gave you many chances to succeed. He made astronomy very interesting and you can tell he's passionate about the subject. He almost made me change my major too. Overall he's a very cool guy.
2.5 : You will not learn much from this help class. He is very disorganized and does not present material very well. I found that the only purpose of this help class was to get an extra unit.
4.5 : Aaron is a cool dude, very laid back. As this class meets once a week, attendance is mandatory. One quiz per week w/ a few questions and a final at the end w/ about 20 questions. The class isn't hard, but you do need to put in some effort. If Aaron is still teaching this class when you sign up, I suggest you do it!
5.0 : He is an awesome teacher and I love his class!!!
5.0 : I am in no way interested in Astronomy but I loved Aaron's class. Attendance isn't mandatory but class is only one day a week so make a point to show up. The labs are interesting and learning all the names for the constellations is pretty cool. Would 100% take again
4.0 : Aaron is a super funny guy who really cares about his students knowing astronomy. The class is super easy, just make sure you don't skip a lot. He's super understanding and doesn't trip off of a lot of things. Its good to ask questions because he'll basically give you answers to questions that will be on quizzes or the final.
4.0 : He is kind of young, pretty cute, and really smart. If you are looking to learn, he is great. If you just want an easy A, you are not going to get it from this class. Work hard, study, and ask questions.
5.0 : I love him, funniest, coolest professor ever. Super casual and chill and is willing to help students out anytime. I totally recommend him!!!!!!, He really genuinely cares about the students and helping them do well. He grades pretty easily as well.
5.0 : the lab is very easy and simple. She assigns a doc project and a narrative project which are both group projects. She is very helpful and nice. Her background is documentaries, she has a few out already. She is very smart and young so she can relate. Overall a great class and great teacher! Highly recommend her!
4.0 : One 3 page essay and it was easy.
3.5 : Show up to class because she grades you on attendance. Weekly writing is easy if you show up and don't waste your money on the textbook, I never used it and got an A.
5.0 : She's very nice and helpful. She knows her stuff, especially when it comes to documentaries. I would definitely take a class from her again.
5.0 : Prof. Opper is an incredible teacher, she truly cares about her students. If you show her respect, she will respect you. She walks you through every step of intermediate filmmaking. Would strongly recommend. She's very cool.
4.5 : Great teacher who gave the feedback on my work that I needed, but didn't want. Really helped to enhance my thought process when working.
5.0 : Matt is a wonderful professor and human being. :) His suggestions are very valuable and he is generous with help when needed. He is intelligent and very kind. You won't regret taking his class. You'll learn a lot!
5.0 : I decided to take Photo 2 needing an extra class. The semester was so rewarding and worthwhile, by the end of it I had declared major. I owe it to Matt. He's engaging with the class and challenging in the best possible way. His color class was my favorite- I mean it's his specialty after all. He says it how it is, so thin skins beware or toughen up
1.0 : I don't understand why some of my classmates thought Matt was so great. It's obvious he knows his stuff, but he doesn't know how to teach and his grading seems very subjective.
4.5 : Matt is a very helpful and inspirational teacher. He is very knowledgeable about photographers in history. I knew little about photo history upon entering Photo 2, so I found it very enlightening. He pushed us students past that basic Photo 1 mentality into a more thoughtful, conceptual Photo 2 headspace. A wonderful teacher that I will take again!
4.0 : Great teacher! He was really helpful and always tried to make class fun and engaging!
5.0 : Her style of teaching makes you want to come to class. Very engaging and also she loves feedbacks which i think is really great. She really cares about counseling and her students well-being. I think she is an awesome teacher to take. If you want to learn alot take her
5.0 : I've had 2 classes with him now and if I could take more I would. He is very enthusiastic and passionate  about film and I really enjoyed his lectures. No textbooks - if there are any readings, he tends to post them online. I loved his film selections - there were a lot that I probably wouldn't have watched otherwise. I highly recommend him!
4.5 : literally the most energetic, insightful, and passionate teacher i've ever had. this man is amazing and his style is so otherworldly but you feel him on all levels. take his class, no matter what class it is takeee ittt.
5.0 : It is GWAR Class so it is requirement course for cinema major . Alex made the class fun and entertaining ! EASY A !!! Plus he is an eye candy !!!
4.5 : His style is a bit eccentric but I really ended up loving it, it made the dry theoretical course matter much more interesting. I thought his powerpoints were pretty funny. His choice in films to be shown tend to be on the disturbing side. He didn't assign a textbook - instead, he gave us links to the readings on the class website.
5.0 : Great course made all the more engaging by the teacher's sweeping enthusiasm for the material (as well as discovering what the students brought to the discussion each week).  The choice of films screened for the class were always provocative were really interesting to analyze and write about for the exams.
5.0 : Alexander is the best cinema teacher I've ever had.  He is extremely passionate and you will learn some very interesting things about cinema.  He is OBSESSED with film and loves to teach
5.0 : The best class I took at state. Film theory type stuff I normally find boring, amazing movies and MUSIC. Farrow is a cool guy who actually cares about his students which is rare. He could be talking about moss growing on rocks and you would be into it.
5.0 : He is a phenomenal professor who explains his material in a colorful and energetic way. Always available when someone needs assistance. Easily the best teacher I had in SFSU.
5.0 : Farrow is really cool and has great taste in films (which helps when you watch a movie every class). Unique and quirky but overall just really passionate about cinema studies!
4.5 : He's quirky and really excited about the topics he covers.
5.0 : Alex is fantastic. The best professor I've had at SFSU and anywhere else too. His lectures are amazing and his selection of films is great. He is strict about playing entire films in his class which I love. Can't recommend him enough!!!
4.5 : Take him. You'll never have another teacher like him. I don't know what's in store for you, but it will be an experience. That's a promise.
5.0 : I loved this class. I can't tell you how having a teacher this passionate about film and filmmaking has helped me through this year. He is eccentric in the best way, and always chose provocative and captivating films to screen during classes, and doesn't assign a text book, but somehow manages to make you feel as though you've learned so much.
5.0 : Alexander Farrow is one of the most passionate teachers I have had. He has opened my eyes to films that I probably wouldn't have watched otherwise. His eccentric style, and positive energy make for a wonderful experience. He has a way of being able to take any theory you have and just running with it. This makes expressing thoughts judgement free.
5.0 : Farrow has a great way of breaking things down so you can understand and creates a space for us to feel comfortable speaking in class.  Some of the theories discussed in class were abstract and dense but his way of explaining stuff made it digestible.  If you have issues with experimental foreign films with graphic content be warned!!!
4.0 : If you have to take a SPED class you want to take it with her! Easy going and is really passionate about the kids.
5.0 : I loved Dr. Hawley, she was super nice, and approachable. I loved going to class, learning something new every time! Had great guest speakers. Had a few simple projects, and papers wish we had plenty of time and support to do. Group project inside of class, so no outside work! Really great course/proff. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
5.0 : One of the best professors!
5.0 : Daniel Herman is an amazing teacher! Quite eccentric, but it definitely gets channeled into his lectures and makes class more interesting. And the guy knows his Melville's Moby Dick, and probably is an expert on the subject, so reading the novel in his class was an experience to say the least. This is a professor who I would highly recommend.
4.5 : Junse Kim is not a teacher who you want to take for an easy A. This man will make you work. And that's why he's one of the best professors at SFSU. His class made me realize the faults in my own writing while giving me the tools necessary to fix it. For writers, that's priceless. Junse Kim is part of the solution, and would highly recommend him.
3.5 : New teacher, so her class is sort of loose. It was culture and diversity, so a lot of heavy topics. Makes you do a ridiculous final paper that is a content analysis of a news outlet. Expects a student to be a researcher in one month and read papers from people analyzing content of a news outlet for years. Other than that, fun class with no HW.
5.0 : Charla was a great teacher! She taught us through lectures, videos, panels, and group discussions. The class is pretty straightforward. Take notes, participate, do the readings. and go to class. The content analysis is actually pretty easy and Charla basically helps you throughout the writing process.
5.0 : Bautista deserves his rating. He's a killer educator, and cares deeply for his scholars. Taking his class was a true learning experience; I'm a  far stronger critical thinker. There's a solid amount of reading--and it's all worthwhile. Read that sh*t. Participate in class, express yourself. Listen and learn from other people's experience. Have Fun!
5.0 : Take Mark's Class! He's a really nice guy. His lectures are easy to understand. He's very passionate about teaching to his students. Also, no Midterms, but there are  group presentations, including the final. HW is manageable which included small essays, 1-2pg. reflections, and a good amount of readings. I highly recommend his class, it's worth it!
4.5 : Mark is wonderful Ethnic Studies professor! He cares about his students, he's always checking in with us! Learned a lot about him. He gives out a lot of READINGS! So beware! But yeah he's a good professor!
5.0 : Where do I start... Mark is honestly the best professor you will have at SFSU. He is so passionate about his job and cares about his students. He likes to see his students succeed. He is always available for whatever you need, and if he can't help he will direct you to someone who can. If I could take him again I definitely would.
5.0 : Mark is absolutely one of the best professors you can ever take. He is very passionate about what he teaches and cares so much for his students. The amount in this class is not a lot honestly. Everything that you will read is very interesting and worthwhile. You will learn something new everyday and walk away a better person. TAKE HIM!
5.0 : amazing professor
5.0 : What can I say Mark is an incredible Professor. His class is one I look forward to everyday and he is a great person to go to for help. Please if you have the chance take his class!!
5.0 : Mark is wonderful Ethnic Studies professor, he makes his class interesting and fun.
5.0 : very nice and an amazing teacher
4.5 : Mark is more like a friend than a professor. He makes his class interesting and fun, it's that one class you have that you know you'll pass for being there. Very minimal homework, one paper, and lots of in class group work. Great discussions - ask him to bring his daughter in sometime she's adorable! Easy A.
3.0 : I took IR 104 online so I don't think I got a clear interpretation of what this professor is like. The online class wasn't too hard and his lectures were kinda funny. Overall material was interesting and comprehensible. I look forward to taking more of his classes in person.
4.5 : Whooley is amazing and super funny.  He gets straight to the point in all of his lectures. The best professor I have ever had at SFSU. I plan to take more of his classes in the future.
5.0 : My main piece of advice is keep up with the reading. He does a good job of hitting all the essential notes in lecture, so if you take good notes you should be able to pass the tests, however, if you want to do well it is essential you read the book. Lectures are interesting and   professor has a good sense of humor.  Would recommend.
5.0 : He was honestly the best teacher I have ever had, I have taken three courses with him now and he is by far my favorite professor at SFSU. If you have the option to take him, do it! He genuinely cares and will help you at virtually any time of day. He is also extremely intelligent
4.5 : By far one of the most inspiring professors I've had. He's young (and very young at heart), which his lectures clearly cling on to as they're incredible humorous. There's a lot of reading though, but get the basics down and take notes during the lectures, then you'll be fine. He hits every important note from the readings. Definitely recommend
4.5 : Whooley was a wonderful teacher. His class was straight forward, just show up and listen to his lectures. He makes you buy the book but honestly his lectures are really in depth. You have a mid term and a final, for which I recommend getting your reading done. A portfolio is due at the end which is pretty easy. He doesn't care about attendance!
4.0 : Assigned really dense papers in his classes (10 &amp; 20 page) but he was so helpful. He would email back late at night, help with research, clarify anything. He's there for his students &amp; always willing to help. He's even helped me in other classes. He's a really great teacher &amp; even if you don't understand or get he loves questions. RECCOMEND!!
5.0 : I love Whooley so much. Take his classes. I'm taking 308 but will be taking 309 with him too. He is super helpful. He is there for you all the time. Super quick for emails. You have to read a lot but honestly worth it. You will love this class with him. He makes the class more interesting for sure. SFSU needs more teachers like Whooley.
4.0 : Great Professor!!! Easy A if you care about the subjects and actually take the time to read and attend class. Test are not difficult and although there was a lot of reading, they weren't difficult. I enjoyed his teaching style and really does care about the students. He also goes out of his way to help. If you can take his class!!!!!
5.0 : Professor Whooley is the best and I wish SFSU had more teachers like him. He is extremely helpful and is passionate about what he teaches. He makes it easy to understand difficult theories. Looking forward to taking more of his classes!!
5.0 : His lectures were very interesting and concise enough to actually help me write and understand the theories/concepts that were examined in this course. He also likes to make the class laugh and allows his students to ask questions. Very approachable and responds promptly to emails, even late at night. Will recommend.
5.0 : This is my third semester with Whooley. IR 104, IR 308 and now IR 309. He's an absolutely phenomenal professor and he truly cares about his students. Make an effort, reach out to him, and he will award you with an A. Hilarious, and extremely brilliant, and the best of all that he's very supportive of you. Definitely recommend!
4.5 : Whooley is one of the best professors I've ever had and I wish SFSU had more like him. The dude is hilarious and oh so passionate about the subjects he teaches. He's also just a fun guy to be around and learn from. His class is so well structured that you wish the three hour lecture could go on longer.
5.0 : By far the best professor I've had throughout college. Helps you in anyway, and is very straightforward. Changed the way I look at the world, he is  amazing.
4.5 : I would HIGHLY recommend Whooley to anyone. I have taken 2 courses with him at SFSU, IR 104 and IR 308 and I have enjoyed all of them! He is so willing to help you whenever you get stuck and he always tries to make his students feel important. SFSU needs more professors like him.
5.0 : Best professor I have ever had at SFSU. He is always available for help through e-mail or in class. He does periodic reviews of all the theories so you really start to understand them rather than just memorize them.
5.0 : He is basically an amazing professor! It first seemed like he was going to make you work so hard in his class, which he did, but the results and outcomes of the whole class were amazing! I learned a lot while just listening to his lectures and laughing because he is really funny and make a lot of jokes. The whole class was smiling.
4.5 : Really enjoyed his online course and his lecture videos made it as if it wasn't an online course at all!  There is weekly 5 question quizzes which were surprisingly difficult sometimes. But for the most part, the course is pretty easy to pass with some effort.  Good sense of humor. Taking him again next semester for an on-campus course. Excited!
4.5 : So glad I took his class! Learned a lot having it been online. Weekly 4-5 question quiz, 1 midterm, 1 final (written), and a portfolio that's assigned beginning of the semester. He really makes himself open to his students at all times and cares about their success. Lectures were a bit long, but flew by. Recommend him 100%!
4.5 : He is very helpful! Always tried to help us in lab and during the pre-lab lectures. He was a bit nervous at the start of semester but improved A LOT later on. TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Amazing teacher that has the passion and the experience to actually give each student any and all the personal attention they need (which is amazing since she is likely very busy)! She has real-life examples that transcend the course material and become realistic to your everyday life and future practice. I wish I could take every class with her!
5.0 : I really enjoyed this CW class. Christine was supportive and helpful in every aspect of the class. She checked in with us every single week to check on our well being and understanding of course material. She's simply the best and I wish she taught every class (tbh). She could easily replace the archaic tenured prof's currently in the program.
4.5 : Took his class this past summer and had a fun time. He was really helpful and super easy going. He was good and clear when explaining Algebra. Really cares if you understand the material and sets you up for success.  Seems like an actual cool person cause he likes Miles Davis.
5.0 : Super CHILL class. came to class late everyday and still got an A in this class. This class was so easy it had to be illegal. Anyways, take this guy if you need this class.
4.0 : Go to every class since pop quizzes are extra credit. 5 exams &amp; quizzes is your grade. Should be able to get an A. Reality trade-off: get good grade in OChem I but could be better prepared for OChem II. BUT go to office hours &amp; you'll better understand the material leading to OChem II. Would recommend. One to help students, not hurt them.
4.5 : Very understanding. She simplifies chemistry, which is really hard to do. Attend class, she gives test questions, goes over how to do them, and other BIG hints. Always willing to help. Cancels class sometimes. Great sense of humor, very real about laziness and grading.
4.5 : She simplifies chemistry, which is really hard to do. Attend class, she gives test questions, goes over how to do them, and other BIG hints. Always willing to help. Cancels class sometimes. Great sense of humor, very real about laziness and grading.
5.0 : Easily one of the best chemistry instructors I've had. She helped make organic chemistry extremely relatable. She was clear with her expectations and cares for her students and their overall success. Wonderful teacher, definitely take her!!
5.0 : She is great.  She writes her own material which I thought was great because you homework and reading assignments are in line with each other.  I love her
4.5 : I love Professor Coleman! I had only heard terrible things from past students who took ochem with other professors, so I was worried... but the semester is almost over and I have an A in the class and really understand  the material. She gives extra credit- do it. Going to class also helps a lot. Other than that, grades are only based off tests.
5.0 : Dr. Coleman is an amazing professor. Organic chemistry is a tough subject, but she makes it easier to understand. Lectures are often entertaining because she likes to give real-life examples to the molecules/mechanisms that she teaches, which makes it entertaining and easy to understand.
2.5 : Listen to me -very- carefully: Study the sample exams ad nauseam, because it's exactly the same as the real exam!! She doesn't tell you this at all, and leaves you guessing on where the exam material is and when she'll post it. Please, save yourself from the amount of frustration our lab-lecture had to go through... Good lecturer, bad organization.
5.0 : Love her! I took her for Ochem lab/lecture and she is really laid back! She is a easy grader. She shares funny stories during class. We had a 2 tests, midterm and final. Our midterm was in class but the final is take home. I failed the midterm but I still got a good grade in the class. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND HER!
5.0 : Dr. Coleman made it a point to make sure we were both having fun AND learning the material. She took the time to make sure everyone understood the material and labs. If I didn't graduate this past spring, I would absolutely take her again. I highly recommend her!
2.5 : Very disorganized. Never on time to class. Offers a ton of extra credit. No exam is dropped. You need to read the book to pass with an A. Tells jokes in class.
4.5 : I love Dr. Coleman. I had the opportunity to take CHEM130 with her, sometimes she looked a little lost, but her enthusiasm and passion for chemistry made it all the better. I would definitely recommend taking Dr. Coleman, I hope that she teaches more chemistry courses in the fall!
3.0 : Nichole is really great she explains things if you don't get it and always tells very funny stories.
3.0 : She is very nice but, it is always unclear what is due  and when it is due
3.5 : She gives easiness on the load of work, even though it seems too much. She can also be hilarious in class with certain people she knows pretty well. Get on her good side to get more out of the class rather than not showing up.
5.0 : I have her at 8:10am which is normally too early, yet she does not ever seem to put me in a bad mood. Attendance is pretty important. If she notices your effort and as long as your assignments are clear and organized, you will relieve full credit. Also, another great thing is that you are able to leave class as soon as soon as you finish your lab.
5.0 : Dr. Coleman is a real treasure of a professor! She replies to emails promptly, she is clear, incredibly easy to talk to, and she is funny. Her ability to make even the most complicated lab procedures easy to understand is something that made O Chem lab less intimidating. When you get to know her you realize that she only works for her students!
5.0 : She gives great lectures, and gives of her free time for extra personal office hours! Great since of humor!
4.5 : Dr. Coleman gives ample opportunities to succeed in Organic Chemistry I, so there really isn't a reason to not pass the class. Reading is almost vital to getting an A, Dr. Coleman's lecture is supplementary to your reading, and her lecture adds structure and clarity to the dense reading. But all in all, I recommend Dr. Coleman for CHEM233CHEM234.
3.5 : She gives good lectures and tells you exactly what you need to know. Go to class and do the reading, it's hard because she doesn't collect homework but it's very helpful to do it.
4.5 : Professor Coleman is one of the best instructors here at SFSU. Her exams were great you need to READ to pass! Her test are overall easy IF you read! Great teacher when it comes to caring about her students! Wish she taught 335.
3.5 : Dr. Coleman is a very good professor, however you must read the textbook extensively in order to do well in her class. Her lecture are structured well, but she does tend to be a little confusing. Organic Chemistry I is a tough subject, but she does a very good job condensing it down for students to understand.
4.0 : I love Nichole! The class in general is hard, but all Organic Chemistry classes are hard. Nichole makes the material more understandable but you still have to read the book. Also, do the homework that she assigns. Most, if not all, of the exam questions come from the homework. TAKE HER FOR ANY CLASS IF YOU CAN.
2.0 : Confusing lectures with numerous mistakes -- she doesn't have a good grasp of the material. I got an A, and so did a lot of other people. I think the reason she's liked is because her class is absurdly easy compared to the other sections of o. chem, but you are definitely not prepared for ochem II. Lots of extra credit to get her curve up.
5.0 : Dr. Casso is amazing! You can tell he's passionate about teaching. Fav. thing about him -- he doesn't get caught up in the details and applies obscure, abstract bio concepts to the real world and makes it relevant for the pre-health student. He makes you understand how the important details fit into the big picture. You'll learn so much! Enjoy!
4.5 : Meagan is an amazing woman. She is clear about the material and what will be tested on. Her lectures are amazingly insightful and make you really think about what you learn. Do as well as you can on the tests and try your very best on the speeches, they can make or break your grade. I got above 100% in her class &amp; she gives out EC work sometimes.
3.5 : Really friendly, funny but definitely need to do your work.
4.5 : The lectures in class are sweet and you can actually follow along with what shes saying, as far as being in the class, you definetly have to work hard and put out your best to get a A because she doesnt give how a lot of homework besides reading half a chapet for each class lecture with is not as bad as it sounds.
4.0 : Aaron is awesome. He is smart and cares about his students. I walked away feeling like I learned something, although it was tough to do so in a class full of idiots. Anyways, Aaron was great. Writing assignment on class discussion and reading every couple weeks. Give real life examples on your papers.  Easy to do well though.
5.0 : Do the reading &amp; attend class, you'll pass with an A. He's absolutely hilarious &amp; gives EC. Lectures on the reading are interesting &amp; essential to understanding the material. The short writing assignments are easy and take little time if you take good notes from the lectures. He's helpful &amp; understanding if you talk to him during office hours.
3.5 : Super fun class- I actually enjoyed going! Interesting and interactive lectures full of discussion and clarifications. Short homework assignment due every other week, one midterm and a final paper- no tests or quizzes. Good notes are a must and pay attention in class ( plus, he is really really hot)
4.5 : Participate in class and you'll do fine. Take good notes. Quick one-page writing assignment every other week, one midterm, and one final. Very easy-going instructor. Definitely would take another class with him.
3.5 : This class is super easy to pass. About every two weeks you have to turn in a 300-400 word page going over a subject we talked about during that week which is extremely easy. You turn it in on ilearn before midnight so there's plenty of time to finish it. He grades pretty easily too. The final is a four page paper that we have like 2-3 weeks to do.
5.0 : had him for the first time for my first time in college and he was awesome! im still taking his course but he is a lot of fun and interesting.
5.0 : He is very passionate about what he is teaching, which makes a huge difference in the learning process. He is helpful. He explains thoroughly, and wants to see his students succeed. Def take this course.
4.0 : Great Professor. She looks very young but she knows what she is doing and knows how to teach. This class is more of an opportunity to show what you have learned through Eng 104105 or 114, so don't really expect to have your hand held the whole time.
4.0 : She gives really good feedback on your essays to ensure that you do even better on future assignments. The essays get longer as the semester progresses. She's always available for help if you need it.
4.5 : This class was pretty fun for me just being Hayley is a really funnyenergetic teacher. There were barely any quizzes... I'm pretty sure there was only 1 on a book we read. She does assign some lengthy papers and I found that difficult for me but she's really helpful and gives good feedback if you need it.
4.5 : She looks young but shes knows exactly what she's teaching. I want to emphasis that attendance matters. I aced all of my papers and assignments and just because I missed a few class sessions, my overall grade changed to a B. Don't skip her class it's not worth it. She's always available to help you with any homework or papers.
4.5 : She was is very easy going but does not really build relationships with students. Papers are long with lots of expectations but she does offer a lot of help. Overall take her class its not a hard class to pass.
5.0 : nice
4.0 : She is a very sweet and nice professor. Overall the class was not too hard and the essay topics were pretty interesting. She does make you think critically of your ideas and help you brainstorm your ideas if you ask. The books were also pretty interesting. She does increase the amount of pages you have to write as you get into the semester.
4.0 : She is a really good teacher and loves dedicating her time to her students. She gives a lot of work in order to make sure you learn
5.0 : She is very sweet and great teacher. You can count on her to help you through whatever you are going through inside or outside of class. I would definitely recommend her.
5.0 : Josh is a great professor who really cares about what he's teaching and about what you're learning. He wants to make sure that everyone in the class understands the material and will go to great lengths to do so. He's fun and passionate, and he provides great examples for everything he teaches.
5.0 : Professor O'Neal is an amazing professor! I've truly gained so much in that class that I highly recommend everyone to take him at least once before you graduate - no matter your major. I'm an IBUS major and was taking this class to get credits, but I'm so glad I did. Easy A, interesting material, and just so much fun!
5.0 : Josh was an experience, an awesome one! He's really involved in the sexual health field and contributes a lot to his class. He cares immensely about providing factual and helpful information for his students, much better than any public school sex ed class. Plus, his class is an inclusive environment that I often felt really comfortable sharing in!
3.0 : Amazing teacher, very helpful and always willing to answer questions. Best lectures ever.
5.0 : Professor Zargar helped me see the significance of critical thinking in every aspect of my life. His lectures are interesting and keep you awake. Would take him again.
5.0 : Professor Zargar is a brilliant teacher! I love his class. His teaching style is relaxing and kept me very engaged. He also has a funny sense of humor which is nice. He really inspired me to think critically and gave me the tools to do so.
1.0 : Literally the worst professor I've taken. Wholly unhelpful and did not stick to the course description at all. When he realized this, he did not make any changes and our grades suffered because of this.
5.0 : Professor Zargar is an amazing philosopher and excellent teacher. I took hi morning class and never felt bored and sleepy. He makes you think every minuet of the class by asking philosophical and interesting questions that motivate the topic of his lectures. Exams are really straightforward and he literary gives you all answers on the review day.
5.0 : I really loved Mr. Zargar's lectures and the readings, though they were difficult readings at times. I think he is great professor and has a genuinely respectable personality inside and outside of the class.  I definitely recommend him, I would take his other classes if this weren't my last semester. I learned a great deal about Islamic history too
5.0 : There is HW every week but he is not tough on grading. The exams are not hard in general, yet he always gives you the chance to improve your grade if you screw up. Most questions come from the HW exercises, so make sure review them. Overall, he is very nice and respectful, so I recommend taking him if you can!
5.0 : Great professor, I love his style of teaching. Super nice and helpful!!!
5.0 : he is an amazing philosopher, i recommend to take your class with him. he is patient and willing to help and I strong believe that what you have learned in him class going to be so helpful for your further study.
1.0 : WORST experience of my life. Please get a new career.
5.0 : Hands down one of the best professors in the hospitality department. Take him for HTM 578 and HTM 458. I took his HTM 578 in spring of 2015 when he initiated the Vista Room Marketing Plan assignment. It definitely me in a real-world situation and was far more valuable than the original assignment. My team won 2nd place in sales and got xtra credit
5.0 : Dr. Aday is amazing professor I ever have. His class is always fun. His lectures are very straight forward to what you need for your future. If you always hit the book and prepare for the class, you will get a 100% in this class. Also, he cares about his student more than anyone else. If you need help, he is the only one you need to look for.
5.0 : This class is organized extremely well. He really wants you to learn and is a fair grader. Graded homework, 3 exams, and 2 case studies. Accounting was a nightmare, but he takes many of those same principles and makes it so much easier to understand. Attendance policy is strict, but it's easy points! Wish he taught more classes!
5.0 : He is amazing, 9am class and wide awake because he keeps the class interested. Material was easy because his way of teaching. 3 Tests 2 case studies &amp; Final but he gives amazing Study guides and in class review  that you will pass. A lot of Hw, but will help you with the material. Teachers need to be like him! He wants you to learn and pass.
5.0 : Great professor. He wants you to learn and teaches the material well. There were four exams (including the final) and homework for every chapter. He gives study guides for the exam that will really help and allows for a page of notes to use during the exam. Provides the textbook through pdf.
5.0 : BEST. PROFESSOR. EVERRRRR.
5.0 : Listen, he is a great professor but watch out for his absence policy. Personally I think its a joke. He will take away a letter grade if you miss 3 classes. We are college students for the love of God! We will miss class. Especially in a commuter school like this one. I had to take the Bart in the morning to get here. This is the only bad thing.
5.0 : Professor Aday is by far the best professor I have ever had. I had him for two classes &amp; he made every lecture fun and interesting. His tests are very reasonable, plus your allowed a cheat sheet. He he always there for his students. I would definitely recommend you take him for any class offered by him. He's awesome!
5.0 : I've had Dr. Aday for 110 &amp; 458, and in both classes I got an A. He is the nicest guy ever &amp; seriously wants you to succeed. It's very lecture heavy, but he explains everything extremely well. He is the best professor at State. Never feel bad about asking questions. He relates topics to stuff we know &amp; makes class fun with his goofy personality.
5.0 : Best professor I have had at SFSU. He truly cares about his students and their success. He is very clear on what he expects from you and makes it very clear what will be on the exams. He makes attendance mandatory which pays off in the end.
5.0 : This was a great class. The semester is not "officially" over, but we've already submitted the final paper and taken the final. He is incredibly straight forward and makes himself very available. I'm going to take him for revenue and cost control. He's also super funny and even makes boring info way better.
5.0 : He is an amazing professor. Thought it was going to be hard but it was actually very easy. He gives you a cheat sheet. Each test is broken up into 2 sections and there are only 3 tests. you only get 2 excused absenses. He gives lots of extra credit. He gives a practice exam and those same questions but different numbers are on the test.
5.0 : Class was really fun and straightforward. Three test during the semester. He provides a sample test for all of them which are basically the same as the test with different numbers. Content of the class can be hard but he explains wells and answers any questions. Homework for every chapter, which he explains before you hand it in so you can correct.
5.0 : Attendance is mandatory, so don't think about skipping class, because I can tell you for sure that you won't pass the class. However, I can also tell you that this class will be the easiest class you've ever taken in your life! Just go to class, finish all hws, study the practice exams and put it down on your cheat sheet! I guarantee you will pass!
5.0 : Dr Aday is the best teacher I've ever take in my entire life. Morning class wasn't boring at all. He's really care about students, he went over homework, study case, practice exam. He  willing to explain over and over until you understand. Allow cheat sheet which exactly the same with practice exam. You won't regret if you take his class.
4.5 : Three exams where you get an 8 1/2 x 11 cheat sheet (front &amp; back) to bring to each exam. A practice exam is given prior and the actual exam is identical with different numbers. Lots of homework that is also identical to the in class examples worked out with different numbers. A few opportunities for a lot of extra credit points. Don't miss class.
4.0 : Jesse's a nice guy who knows what he's talking about&amp; I learned a lot. The only issues I had were borne of disorganization:he's easily distracted&amp;tangents eat up time. After a lackadaisical semester it felt like we had to learn major concepts ASAP at the end. He also stopped grading stuff early on so we didn't get feedback unless we sought him out.
5.0 : Jesse is an amazing teacher!! He really cares about his students and makes himself available for help outside the classroom whenever you need it. The class wasn't very difficult because he is super patient and moves at the pace of the class. He is personable, engaging, and super knowledgable about his craft. Take Jesse, HE ROCKS!!
4.5 : Definitely take him if you can. He's always happy to help and offers a bunch of extra credit. Attendance isn't mandatory and he answers emails quickly. If not a lot of people turned in the homework, he would often extend the deadline. Overall a great teacher !
4.0 : Souza is a graduate student pretty much there just to make sure you do what youre suppose too. This class was fun and interesting since you get to make a website from scratch for your portfolio. At the end you have to present the website you been working on all semester to get credit for the class.
5.0 : Great teacher, very helpful. Attendance is optional, though encouraged with extra credit, but if you already know programming (like myself) you can not attend any class the entire semester and still get over 100% final grade. 1 midterm and 1 final, plus an online project about once a week or ever other week.
5.0 : He is nice guy always happy to help!
5.0 : Souza has always been a pretty good teacher. His lectures are a little hard to follow sometimes but overall not that bad. His grading criteria is really simple and gives lots of opportunities for extra credit. His tests are pretty straightforward.  10/10 IGN review
3.0 : I had him for an 8am class, he is helpful but i didn't like his teaching style. I felt as if he lectured too much and didn't give a lot of  in class practice. To pass, you would need to go to his office hours.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have taken at SFSU. If he is available , highly recommend. Actually cares if you put the time and effort into the class and the assignments are very straight forward.
4.0 : He's a pretty good teacher. The homework is not very difficult and can be completed if you understand the concepts in the slides. The textbook is not necessary to get a good grade. It's hard to not get an A if you do every assignment.
4.0 : Good class. Teacher is a grad student, laid back but clear. You get what you put into the class, as you'll be exposed to a number of languages and tools used primarily in web development.  You get just a taste, as every lab covers something different. Some examples: HTML, CSS, Javascript, jQuery, Python, LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP).
5.0 : I found it helpful when we would program data structures piece by piece as a class. He has a lot of patience for questions. If someone or a group got stuck on a concept he worked with them until they understood. Handwriting code for tests was interesting. A fair grader.  Never got to the extra credit but the opportunity was always there.
5.0 : Very nice professor and a very fun class where you build a website from scratch using languages such as Linux, Unix, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Python, LAMP, etc every class. Laid back and willing to help if you're stuck on anything. Make sure you show up and do the work and play with practice examples before implementing them. Highly recommended.
5.0 : He will wear a giants cap almost every day. He is a graduate student with a wicked beard and he is an awesome guy. His exams are easy as long as you do the work and he gives lots of extra credit!!!
5.0 : Great professor. He's more than willing to help in and out of class. Overall, a laid back grad student who can easily relate to his students. It was a fun lab, learning a ton of new languages used in web development. Show up, do the lab worksheets, you will pass.
5.0 : Great, laid back professor who made class fun. It's an easy A as long as you show up to class to complete lab worksheets, and play with practice examples before implementing them on your website. At the end, you have to present your website you've been working on all semester. We learned a lot of web-based languages, and he was very helpful in OH.
5.0 : Great teacher and very helpful. Especially because he understands the perspective of the students unlike many professors who are living in a fantasy land where we are all only taking 1 class. This is a lab so you must show up and do each lab. If you do, it is an easy class to pass.
3.5 : Sarah is really nice one on one and she's a fair grader for the most part. However, this class was no walk in the park. Assigns way too much reading and expects students to come into class and basically teach it themselves by discussing reading in groups and presentations. Rarely any lecture, and participation matters. Beware. It's a long semester.
5.0 : Sarah is Amazing!!! I feel that I can go to her for advice and support when I have troubles in the academic world. She is an intellectual powerhouse that respects her students, gives amazing lectures that truly make you think, and is a master of anthropological material. She cares about students- every professor could take a page out of her book!
4.5 : OMG! Dr. Bakker is incred! I felt so helped this entire semester and so supported! our class this semester was small! only 6 people, so participation mattered! she was really easygoing however there was reading! I ended up dropping one of my other classes so I could maintain and A in her class! She is fantastic! would highly reccomend!
5.0 : Sarah Bakker is one of the best anth teachers and the material focused on in the class was superb. Some days, however, we never actually got to the lecture, but rather ended up having discussions on related topics. She is very accommodating and friendly, and this class was absolutely fascinating - I learned so much in this class.
5.0 : Sarah is amazing I would highly recommend any of the classes she is teaching. I have learned so much in the past semester. She assigns readings that will help you in other classes and your anthropology career. She really breaks down how to write a paper and think about topics critically. Powerful teacher.
5.0 : Sarah is an amazing anthropologist. She helps you grasp big concepts that will make you more knowledgable about the world around you. She assigns weekly readings which are always interesting. You will always be learning something new in her class. After leaving her class my mind is blown. You would be missing out if you don't take her class.
4.5 : Took her for gwar. She's really nice and will give you helpful feedback. We turned in everything through ilearn. The class can be pretty demanding because of the reading + all the papers. I think we had 8 papers? They will get longer as the semester progresses, but she will always help if you ask.
5.0 : I took GWAR with Dr. Bakker. She is a very friendly and chill professor. She is very helpful with papers and provides good feedback on how you can improve. There are a lot of readings and writing assignments, but that is the whole point of the class. If you are an anthropology major and need to take GWAR, Dr. Bakker is an excellent choice.
5.0 : I would recommend Dr. Jensen to everyone I know. Exercise Physiology is a hard subject, but she makes the material somewhat fascinating and interesting. You could tell that she is genuinely passionate about teaching. I would recommend recapping during the weekends for the weekly quizzes, going to office hours and forming study groups for the exams.
3.0 : You can tell she's intellectual but lectures are long, stuffs Ways too much info into each lecture. I found re teaching my self more helpful than listening to her. Quizzes every week. Don't buy book (Kin 355) no homework, test heavy. No Extra credit. Not an easy A not even an easy B. Spent weeks in the library to earn a B-
4.0 : It's your hardest high school teacher all over again. She will give you quizzes at least every week and turn in review questions (not graded, just for credit). BUT she is doing this all for YOU so you stay on track. I liked her but she had to leave half way and left us ... lost but it was nice having her for a while. She has 4 exams basically
5.0 : Listening to Jensen, its obvious she's passionate about exercise physiology. She gives online/in class quizzes every week but this is just to keep you on track.  If you're lazy (yeah you) and don't want to study, you won't do well in her class. IF you put forth an effort, you'll be able to handle her material. attend class so you grasp the material
3.0 : Professor Areum Jenson is a quality ambitious professor, however, the professor misses to opportunity to connect that her lectures are too long and too much information to cover in one semester. Besides that keep up with the powerpoints
5.0 : Deborah is amazing!! She's funny and she really cares about her students. Easiest class i've taken by far. Only had 3 speeches, couple of homework assignments, and 4 quizzes. A lot of her grading is based on effort. Show up to class, participate, do the assignments and you'll pass!
5.0 : Taken at Berkeley City College for a public speaking course. She's hilarious! Content-wise, the class was quite easy. Our 8-week semester consisted of a few short speeches (up to 5 minutes) and two longer ones (up to 9 minutes). There were also 2+ essays. Put in  some effort and you'll be fine, no matter how comfortable you are with public speaking
4.0 : Deborah is a great communications teacher and she makes you go up and speak in front of the class. Not a hard class and she is very funny and keeps the class entertaining. Her group projects are fun too so I would recommend her class.
5.0 : Super nice teacher, funny throughout the class. She does get annoyed if someone is being disrespectful but other than that, it is a really easy class and you can definitely get an A. Also yes you do have to speak in front of class and there are some quizzes but they are really easy and she tells you exactly what will be on them!
5.0 : She will become one of your best friends! Super understanding and will help work around your schedule. Not hard work but when she gives an assignment she expects to have it done. Super funny and makes a comfortable environment for speeches. Very easy A if you put in the time! Would highly recommend taking her and would take her again if I could!
4.0 : She's a nice lady and cares about her students. Her homework and assignments are pretty easy and there is only one speech. For some reason she got kind of mean halfway through the semester but overall easy class
5.0 : Assignments were useful and informative, the classroom structure was designed to demonstrate and allow us to participate in effective teaching methods. Dr. Tseng is, by far, the best professor I have had at SFSU. I was forced to think, work hard, and change my perspective, all of which should be mandatory in a graduate program, but rarely occurs.
5.0 : Dr. Tseng is a teacher who clearly has a passion for teaching, and deeply cares about her students. In her class, she gives a great model to effective class structure and management that I have taken much from. Her methods of presenting math concepts made me feel like I was relearning them in a fresh and engaging way. Highly, highly recommended.
5.0 : Nancy is amazing. She is extremely well-organized, professional, and genuinely seems to care about her students. Her classes are interesting and to the point. Assignments are meaningful and have a clear purpose, she does not assign things just for the sake of assigning things, and she gives helpful feedback in a timely fashion. Excellent professor!
5.0 : I didn't know how he was going to be at first because he comes off with extreme high energy but he was a great teacher, he actually cares for you and the homework is so easy and he doesn't give much and if you pay attention you'll pass the class very easily. Coming from a person who doesn't get math at all, this math class was very helpful
4.5 : Patrick was honestly the nicest guy who always kept class entertaining! The material is difficult at times and its primarily all lecture which is a pain sometimes for math, but he kept everyone engaged! Loved his class, even though I hate precalculus.
5.0 : I have taken patrick for three semesters and he has been an amazing instructor and friend! He is very understanding and makes the class environment fun and engaging. He also tells many stories and has a ton of funny/weird nemonic devices for the formulas.
3.5 : Patrick is one of the most sweetest teachers on campus and he's also a great teacher in general. I absolutely hate math and I still don't get it but with his help, Patrick tried his best to make it easy. I really wish I could take a class that he teaches again.
3.5 : I really like Patrick, but his teaching style is a little hard for me to follow. He is a little eccentric but also cares about whether you pass or not. I HIGHLY recommend going to his office hours, they will help!
4.5 : I honestly enjoyed having Patrick as a teacher. He is very willing to help you if you're struggling with anything. He honestly wants all his students to pass. You won't regret taking him!
5.0 : Not tough at all for Math70, just do the work and don't miss class or you will fall behind. Hw and classwork counts for a lot of your grade. Patrick is super helpful and nice, willing to help you if you are struggling. Explains the lessons well enough for everyone to understand.
5.0 : Patrick is a really great precal teacher. As long as you do your homework, study for his quizzes and tests, you will get an A. All of his homework assignments will help you with the test. He is very understanding and there are some extra credit opportunities!!   You have to earn your own grade. If you are lazy, you will definitely not get an A.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS. I went to Patrick the first day of class and let him know that I struggle with math and that I'm going to need to visit with him often. When I went to him he questioned me the entire time about why I'm not understanding the material. I cannot cry enough about how hard I tried in this class, I cried every exam.
5.0 : Patrick is one of the best math teachers I've ever had! He would give us extra  time  after his office hours  when We needed help. There was  stuff from math 60 that I didn't master so he helped me do just that since I knew that working hard by myself wouldn't make up for lost time.  He really connects with his students. Would take him again!!
4.5 : Good at teaching.  Can give us extra credits!
5.0 : Great teacher, definitely would love to have Patrick as a professor again! Very caring and funny, always was always enjoyable. Helps a lot, relates problems to things that are relatable and make sense, he doesn't give up until you understand. Best math teacher I've ever had.
5.0 : Really great teacher.
5.0 : Patrick really cares about his students and does his best to be there for everyone. He wont give up and he'll make sure you pass his class.
3.0 : He is a good teacher, but the class was just a bit fast paced. I had a hard time following along, and unfortunately a lot of the time that he was available he wasn't able to meet. However he does give you help by going over individual problems and explaining how to do them step by step.
5.0 : Great teacher! Sure nice and will help you out until you understand. Has your best interest at heart. wants all his students to pass.
4.0 : He really wants everyone to understand the material. He is also open to other tricks in order to get the answer. He also holds study sessions a few days or even the day before the test. Honestly, if you fail his class, it's because you're not taking the time to get help or listen.
2.5 : He's very chill but isn't too clear.  He expects you to know everything already so he doesn't do much explaining.
5.0 : super easy
4.0 : He's a pretty cool guy, like super chill. He's so cool that he even sang his own version of "That's what makes you beautiful" by 1D to help us be less nervous before we took our  final. He's willing to give extra credit, and will let you do test corrections if you bomb your test. Take his class! Remember: Patrick is love, Patrick is life.
5.0 : Does in-lab class only, not lab lecture. Awesome lab instructor. Explains things really well and easy to approach. Hopefully future grad students who are lab instructors or just lab instructors in general will be as cool. Highly recommended if available.
5.0 : Kristen was an awesome lab TA. She lets you know what she's looking for and doesn't try to confuse you. If you have any questions during the lab, she'll answer without hesitation. If you're looking for a fun, challenging O-Chem lab, go with Decker.
5.0 : took her for lab, clear explanation of work and expectations. gives excellent feedback and always available via email. the best thing is she is very understanding and attentive of online homework errors/glitches. takes her time to manually input grades (major plus). do not take advantage of her kindness, she will snap.
5.0 : I LOVE THIS WOMAN! Best lab class I have ever taken. She is very approachable and will answer any question you have! She is always checking on the students to see if they need any help with the lab! Lab report due each week, pretty easy if you follow her expectations. She cracks jokes with the class which makes it super fun. HIGHLY RECOMMEND HER!
5.0 : Great professor.. definitely take her for CHEM-115
5.0 : Great professor!! I would definitely take her class again!! She cares about her students so much!!
5.0 : Very clear lectures(TAKE NOTES). Answers questions clearly. Gives practice tests before exams. Exams are on exactly what she teaches in class. She is super sweet &amp; is available outside of class if you need extra help! Little hw &amp; there's a test about every 3 weeks but they are relatively simple if you study your notes. Highly recommend taking her!
5.0 : Look out for this teacher and take her any time you can. Really great at lectures and explaining thing and also supper nice and genuinely wants the best for her students. Do her right and she will do you right. Bless great teacher .
5.0 : This is by far the best lab class. She's a great teacher and is very helpful.  She's the funniest and most helpful teacher I have ever had. I highly recommend having her as a teacher.
5.0 : Highly recommend her! I am not very good with chemistry but she really does help you understand the material. Even if you are still feeling unsure she is more than willing to help you. Also, I had her for an 8 AM and every class she always came happy and excited to be there. You can tell she is really passionate about what she does.
5.0 : Detailed lectures, iClicker questions for participation, 3 exams, 1 final, a lot of online homework (Aleks), multiple quizzes. Great teacher overall, she really cares about the topic and the class.
4.0 : Kristen was an amazing Chem teacher!!! She has a lot of passion and love for chemistry which made it more enjoyable to learn from. Chemistry is overall a difficult subject for most, and she did it justice. Although, it takes a long time to get test grades back, but it is understandable because the class is so big.
5.0 : Amazing lady. One of the best professors. Very helpful.
5.0 : She is by far the best instructor I have had at SFSU.
5.0 : Just freaking take her for your O-CHEM I or II (234/ 336) lab teacher, she is amazing. Kristen is easy and really informative! JUST DO IT!!!
5.0 : Best lab teacher I've had in a while. She's laid back and approachable when you need help.
4.0 : I found her class to be easy and she gives one make up test. There is extra credit on all the test also. Her lectures are really good. Only problem she canceled office hours for two weeks in a row. Also, she doesn't follow through with what she says like if she says she will post a practice test on x day you can expect to not see it on said day
5.0 : Schilling is an engaging, passionate lecturer for CAD! Although this class was taken Saturday mornings, she had a way of reeling. Assignments were straightforward - hybrid style. More class dicussion style than slide lectures. 1 midterm, 3 papers and a group final. Show interest and you'll pass!
4.0 : Tim's a really cool guy, very helpful and friendly. He really wants to see students succeed, but is also fair with grading. Absences won't affect grade since there are no in class assignments that are graded, but it can affect participation for the day when you return. Overall, a great teacher!
4.0 : Tim was a great professor! He is funny and is open with his students. Easy class. 5 papers with great prompts that are easy to write about. Attendance is not mandatory but if you miss more than 2 your grade suffers. No tests, no final, but you have a final portfolio which is easy to do. Then the book club is easy. Read the book, present to class.
5.0 : Tim is a passionate about the course and the students he teaches it to. He gets the habits and effects that come with being a college student. He does his best to make sure you aren't wasting your time. The class is very upbeat and welcoming to all students. The classwork isn't much! Only five essays, final portfolio and a book club presentation.
5.0 : Tim's a cool guy. Honestly, if you just show up and do whats asked of you with a little bit of effort, the class is an easy A. He's there to help you, every essay is a possible A if you're willing to put the work in and revise it as needed. Would 100% take the class again; super funny and welcoming experience for a first year english class.
5.0 : Tim is amazing. He really benefits not only finding your writing style, but how far you've come as a writer and college student. He makes class enjoyable and the class becomes pretty close. He's creative and knowledgable and nto to mention how nice he dresses. So sad that he wasn't teaching 214, but loved his class!!
4.5 : Tim is a great professor! He teaches great, dresses great, and always has a smile on his face. If you're looking for an English class to take, definitely take his! You won't regret it one bit. Just make sure you show up, don't expect an A if you miss class.
5.0 : tim is amazing. that is all.
4.5 : Tim is nice, understanding, and helpful! If you only have 3 or fewer absences, do the assignments, and participate at least a bit  in class, you'll have an A no problem. The essays he assigns are generally straightforward and at the end of each semester you get a chance to revise any (or all if you want) of the essays you wrote for a higher grade.
5.0 : Professor McCutchan is fantastic. Inspirational, devoted, he truly believes in what he teaches, and while the workload is not at all heavy, if you put effort into this class it is incredibly rewarding.
3.5 : His class can be very confusing and kind of boring. I had difficulty understanding what we were even talking about, but if you try really hard to pay attention and take notes, you should be okay.
4.5 : Dope  I would definitely take his class again
4.5 : She's is a great teacher. I feel like she is really honest and caring. I will say though she tends to speak low and doesn't have a lot of intonation. I loved her class though you will learn a lot.
3.5 : class was intro and an easy A alot of just reading off power point so bring coffee because it gets long. she is nice does not always return emails so talk to her right after class.
5.0 : She's a great professor. Assigns 3 page paper, not that difficult. Very helpful. She is hilarious. The exams are a bit tough and you learn a lot.
5.0 : I enjoyed the class. There will be 3 test, 2 LSA's, reading quizzes every week and a group presentation. The group presentation was fun. I was able to talk and make friends with my other classmates that I didn't really talked to. Notes are posted up online after the quiz due date. Come to class because Professor will explain the info. better.
5.0 : Professor Odito is one of the nicest and coolest professors I have come across in all my years at SFSU, which is the only reliable piece of information you can ever hope to find on ratemyprofessor.  Lectures encouraged critical thinking, class discussions, and were entertaining ( as long as philosophy and jurisprudence spark your interests).
3.5 : I was not sure about the class I was about to take with John Odito. However, it was one of the best and most interesting classes I have ever taken in my school life. If you get a chance, register for his class because you won't regret at all: lectures are amazing, the professor is super-duper smart and very funny.
5.0 : I took phil 380 with John Odito and enjoyed his class. He prepares you for the exams very well  and helps you in any way he can. I would def take him again. One of the smartest Professors I've had here at SFSU.
5.0 : I really learned a lot from this class, and his lectures are very interesting and engaging. I don't think there's ever a dull moment in his class and all the students seem to be pretty into it as well. Your grade is just based off a mid-term and final. I would most definitely take other classes he would offer.
4.5 : As a criminal justice major I was always told to avoid anything with philosophy and law so when this was one of the only classes that was opened I was scared... But it was honestly super fun, easy, and interesting. Professor Odito is pretty laid back. Just a midterm and final but he goes over it, making it super easy to pass!
5.0 : Professor McBride is from a time that's crucial to storytelling and screenwriting. He understands the importance of subtleties and expects actual depth out of his students. His pop quizzes and tests may be difficult, but it's worth the learning process.
5.0 : The people who gave Dr. Sasaki a low grade did so because the class is hard and they don't want to do any work. Stop whining! She is always prepared, is passionate, cares about students, and knows her stuff.
5.0 : Awesome instructor. San Francisco State is lucky to have her!
5.0 : Fun instructor.
4.0 : 5 easy online open-note quizzes- you should be able to get 100% on each one (she also drops the lowest score). 2 page essays/journals are given in lieu of a midterm- make sure you have a clear thesis and actually put work into them if you want a good grade. Not that many assignments but the few ones she give are pretty lengthy. I loved this class.
1.0 : Hard quizzes and long journals. Strict grader on journals and assignments. Would not recommend at all. Choose another professor if possible
4.5 : Dr. Sasaki is a very easy going person and cheerful and passionate. I like the style of her teaching because she always made everything clear. (Up to 3 absences)
1.0 : Hard quizzes, gotta attend class to do well and lots and lots of reading. You better keep up with the reading
5.0 : Great Teacher with fun personality! The reading for this class was easy and the amount of reading she assign was fair. She explain the assignments clear! Her class lecture is fun and is easy to follow.
4.0 : You need to show up to class. Assignments are clear and she goes over them a lot. Powerpoints are also up online. She's pretty fun.
5.0 : Ms. Sasaki is a really great teacher. She tries to help you.  All her lectures are online and quizzes are all open book.  She made me interested in the topic -- I would take her classes again.
5.0 : Dr. Sasaki's class was great! You can tell she loves what she does. She's always happy and really nice and funny.  She gives online quizzes that are open book and her lecture slides are online too.
5.0 : Great class and great teacher. She really tries to make it interesting for you. She's super nice and friendly. You need to skim the readings and come to class. Everything is pretty much up online.
4.5 : She's really passionate about the lessons she taught us. She's very cool in general. SF State is lucky to have her on campus. :)
5.0 : Clearly cares about her students and is really nice and willing to listen. The readings are a little boring but she makes up for it with super interesting lectures and encourages students to speak up in class. The quizzes and papers aren't too bad as long as you pay attention in class. Would take again!
4.5 : Professor Sasaki's lectures are clear and concise. About 5 short papers and 7 online quizzes that are pretty easy if you follow along with the lectures. She's so sweet and kind! Her class was great.
4.5 : You can tell that Dr. Sasaki really cares about her class. She makes class interesting and her lectures are really clear. I loved this class!
4.0 : She is very straight-forward with her lectures! There are 4 short papers(500 words each). Super easy online quizzes! I would recommend reading some of her assigned readings, so you would know what's going on in class. She also takes random attendance.
5.0 : She's great! Really cares about students and learning.
4.5 : She's pretty enthusiastic about what she teaches. She's overall a fair grader. She makes everything clear in a way. If you attend class daily, 10% participation point is basically given :)
4.0 : She has so much passion about what she teaches. She assigns a lot of reading, but no one ever does any of it. She has a lot of energy and excitement about the topics she lectures about. Quizzes maybe once a month online. No midterm. Final paper. But you need to go to class to hear what she lectures.
5.0 : She highly recommends to buy the 2 texts but I understood the material without them. To each their own. 5 question quiz about once a month, but take the quiz with friends. No trick questions, everything is straight-forward. Occasional guest speakers, films, and discussion papers you have to remember to print out yourself. This was my experience.
4.0 : She's very cheerful and passionate. I kind of like her style of teaching. She's very open to opinions. I like her writing assignments- they were short and straight to the point. All she asks is for you to have a clear thesis statement. i did her 4 pg paper at 6-8am before my 9 am class and got an A. she's so nice.
5.0 : She's so nice!! I recommend her class. If you do all her work and put effort, you'll definitely pass the class. Her online quiz are easy. We had several papers, which were also pretty easy. No midterm. Final was fine. She's so nice! I cannot get over how sweet she is. I don't know what else to say. Go to class, do your work and you'll pass.
5.0 : This class really heightened my interest in Asian American Studies and was easily one of my favorite classes I've taken at State so far. She's super nice, clear, and passionate about the subject. Highly recommended!!
4.5 : Shane is super cool. He loves to hear from the multiple perspectives of his students and has so much intellectual creativity.
5.0 : Shane is one of the best professors that iv had at state.  He's extremely passionate, funny, and open minded. He actually cares about what students have to say and never discourages any response to a discussion. His topics are super interesting and he inspired many of my new favorite authors as well.  I wish he taught another class! Also-very cute.
5.0 : His lectures are really interesting.  I enjoyed going to class and got a lot of info.  He welcomed participation and was pretty funny too.
4.0 : Shane is really nice and willing to hear a variety of points from all students. He isn't the type of teacher that looks at you funny for having an off the wall point of view. Class is not mandatory but it's really laid back and goes by fast so why not.
5.0 : Had him early in the morning. He was always on time and ready to go. Tough but good class
3.0 : He wasn't the best professor this semester. I've been having trouble with mental illness and I talked to him about it and he said just to email him but he doesn't return emails. I feel like it's really affected my grade but oh well.
4.0 : Piano class, relatively easy. Quizzes every 2 weeks or so
4.5 : He is young and kinda awkward but gets the job done, if you need to fulfill your GE for arts , chose this. His class format was very chill, easy A if you pay attention and practice.
4.5 : Great teacher!!! He is quite new but he clearly knows what he is teaching and is very passionate about it. The quizzes are not too easy but are manageable if you practice the quiz pieces. He is very helpful one on one with students and suggests different ways to play piano easier (with shortcuts and finger techniques). Take him!!!!
5.0 : Great piano instructor! He really knows his stuff and will take the time to help you become a better pianist. There are quizzes every two weeks or so, which are fairly easy as long as you practice, because he really helps you with reading music as well. I went in knowing some piano basics but not knowing how to read music, but he helped a lot.
4.0 : Pros: VERY DOWN TO EARTH.  Fells like he is one of us lol. Gives chances for students who broke the law. Very fair grader.  Cons: Hard to hear at times. Not enough writing on board.  Overall very good professor (even though he is a TA).
4.5 : He's super helpful and good at teaching. Would definitely recommend. He's really good at clarifying tough concepts in a clear way.
5.0 : Professor Tran first comes off as really intimidating because he is really tall. Once you get to know him , it is apparent he really cares about his students. Clear lectures that go over everything that is going to be on the test. Funny guy that makes your work for that A. Would take again!
5.0 : She's super chill and down to earth. She makes sure that you understand whatever she's teaching, and she takes the time to help you out if you need help. Does assign homework, but not too much and she gives you a give days to do it. If you have to take a math class, TAKE HERS!
4.0 : Super chill, her tests are exactly like her study guides, so just do the study guide and you're golden for the tests. She barely gets up and teaches in front of you, so you just work with groups and ask for help when you need it. Which is good because you're forced to actually learn. She's cool, I actually don't dread going to math class.
5.0 : Best ever
1.5 : She'll teach the bare minimum and then the homework is 3x harder. Also she doesn't go over the homework or tests. She puts a formula on the bored and then we break up into groups and figure it out. But we're all bad at math so we don't even learn anything. One time she gave us a homework assignment on a lesson we didn't learn yet.
4.0 : I feel like there isn't enough class time for her to go over everything she wants which is where some things can get confusing. I suggest if you're having trouble, go to the office hours, one on one help is always super helpful. But the math is really easy and she's really laid back, it's super easy to ask for help during class too.
4.0 : This class wasn't even hard like just try and ask questions and she is super chill. Some people don't like her tbh it's prolly cause they're not even trying. Study guides are exactly like tests so just make sure you ask about it or go to office hours to get em right,I went to class like once a week towards the end and i still understood
5.0 : Yo Nicole is really dope!!!!!! She's honestly more than willing to help you out . She makes the class a lot of fun and she's there for you if you need it. Just participate and do well on the quizzestests and you should be good. The reviews are like her tests so you'll pass  without a doubt. Nicole is great! I strongly suggest her:)!!!!
5.0 : Nicole wouldn't play Pokemon in class with me which was kind of a disappointment but other than that she aight I guess
3.5 : Nicole is a very laid back grad student who loves math. As long as you know what is being taught in class she can make a learning environment be much better.
3.0 : She's cool. Don't get on her bad side. The only down side to her class is if you want to learn you need to seek for it.
4.0 : I am an English major and took this class as a lower division prerequisite and I loved it. There are 4 short online response assignments, 4 two-page reaction papers, 3 graded in-class group work assignments, a midterm, and a final project (either group or individual). The workload wasn't crazy, but it wasn't easy either. Professor Cannon is awesome
4.5 : Really smart. Tough grader for sure. She gave me good feedback on my papers, but steadily increased my grade.
5.0 : Professor Cannon is such an eloquent professor. She is extremely knowledgeable, not only in regards to literature, but also the important historical and cultural context surrounding said texts. All of the books we read were written by women of color, most of them queer. She definitely makes you question literary canon, and for good reason.
5.0 : Sarita Cannon is one of the best English professors at SFSU.  She is a tough grader with really high expectations, but if you're interested in developing your close-reading skills and the cohesion of your writing, take her class.  Her class may not be an easy A, but if you work for it, it may be a gratifying one.
4.5 : Professor Cannon is a well-spoken, intelligent, and all around wonderful teacher. She gives honest and helpful feedback on writing assignments, and assigns very thought provoking and interesting pieces. Her class is very straightforward and easy to understand, and as long as you read and do the assignments, you won't have any trouble.
5.0 : I'm not a big reading or literature guy, but I REALLY enjoyed Professor Cannon's class. She had a great selection of books for the semester and each book was connected to an overall theme for the semester. We had regular class discussions about what we were reading and that was a fun environment to go to. I would definitely take this class again.
4.5 : Professor Cannon was my favorite professor of the semester. Such an intelligent, well spoken, inspirational woman. The class was highly enjoyable, the reading materials that were chosen were new to me, and I enjoyed almost all of them. If you're not an avid reader I'm not sure if you would like the class. Midterm, and a final presentation, + papers
2.5 : This is a survey class so you go a lot of material in a little amount of time. Cannon tries and she knows her stuff, but it is not enough. Her test are insane because there is no clear idea what is going to be on it. The everything read in class is fair game which is insane to believe you will remember EVERYTHING.
5.0 : I took professor Morales' class of Architecture of Incarceration in Fall 2014.  I was expecting to learn bits and pieces of the Incarcerationin system of America, but man did I gain some insight in this class!  He has ex-inmates go to the classroom and give lectures that provide you a different perspective of prisonjail. This is a must take class!
5.0 : He is really nice
4.5 : I love this class! Morales is more interested in students being able to learn about prisons and prison culture, than being crazy strict about grades and points. He had lots of speakers who really gave the class alot of insight. I learned so much from this class, and I definitely recommend this teacher!
5.0 : I took Mr. Morales my first semester at state. He is amazing. Fair grader and brings a lot of guest speakers to give you a better understanding on what the inmates go through. Overall, you will enjoy his class. Weekly reading and assingmnets but they are not boring or dificult. You'll actually find your self wanting to read.  Take him, he's HOT 2!!
5.0 : PROFESSOR MORALES IS THE BEST!!!!!!  MUST TAKE CLASS
5.0 : The most passionate professor I've had and a great guy. Makes the class super interesting and you can tell he really cares about his students. Of course there is a lot of writing but it's a GWAR class. Very fair grader and the topics were interesting. Take him.
5.0 : took for both gwar and peak performance! Super easy classes with him as instructor  he is straightforward and a fair grader! Classes are engaging and he is super approachable and kind. legit awesome professor.
5.0 : Coach Lasota is so passionate! He cares about his students not only class-wise, but also he cares about their health. He inspires his class with his lectures, and even contributes certain days to only watching a film to get off the pressure. However, his tests are hard, and he makes you work for it. Such a nice and caring human being!
4.5 : Mr. Lasota is an amazing professor! He actually cares about his students and although class material is boring he tried to make it interesting. Grades fairly and as long as you try and do the work you should pass.
5.0 : He is the most passionate teacher I've ever had! Mr. Lasota is fair and you always feel like he is rooting for you do to well. We need more supportive teachers like him at this school.
4.5 : This guy is definitely one of THE best professor in this school, period. He is a bit tough and does not curve whatsoever. However, he is one of the nicest people in this department and will go out of way to make sure you get the material. He always asks "Any questions?" after each tiny thing just to make sure everyone gets it. Textbook is a waste.
5.0 : Very clear and straight forward. He is well organized during lectures, available on his office hours, and respond emails. His exams are fare enough. I like him.
5.0 : Clear on what he's expected out of the class.  Quizes, tests are similar to lectures and hws.  Not bad if you put in effort.  Textbook is good reference but not necessary
5.0 : Hilarious teacher, keeps it real, if you have trouble with the work you just ask him and he will gladly help you.
4.5 : Professor Mourchid truly cares about his students. This class will definitely take you out of your comfort zone but it is worth it! He gives feedback on how to improve your speech and do it! I enjoyed listening to his lectures. Respect him and he will respect you. Take this class seriously!
4.5 : Prof. Mourchid has changed my attitude towards learning. He sets the bar for the class in such a way that we achieve and learn beyond what students think they are capable for. Dr. Mourchid class is not for the student who wants to kick back and get a good grade.
4.5 : I have taken over 100 units of colleges classes and it was vert rare to come across a professor who cared a great deal about learning and students until I met Dr. Mourchid. He is a passionate teacher, a caring human being, and committed mentor. I'm a better person because of his lectures and coaching. He challenges his students for their own good.
5.0 : I enjoyed Dr. Mourchid class very much. I was dreading taking a long summer class, but his teaching method and lectures made a 5-hour class go by fast. He taught me lots about self-awareness and how perception and identity can impact group communication. I felt Younes was more of leadership coach than a professor. I highly recommend Dr. Mourchid
4.0 : Great Teacher Brings The Class Together With Discussions Gives Great Speech Prep And Funny
5.0 : Prof. Mourchid is one of the best teachers I have had. He took the time to understand my learning disability and diligently prepared his course materials and assignment to accommodate me. I learned more in his classes than I expected. What is wonderful about Prof. Mourchid is his humanism. His multicultural background makes him a great teacher.
5.0 : Dr Mourchid was a great professor. This is not a class where you just sit down &amp; expect to get an A. The readings are very important for this class and are very interesting. This class is really an eye opener. Dr Mourchid is willing to help anyone especially those who are actually trying to learn something. Take his class if you want to learn!
5.0 : Younes  was  an awesome professor. I could not have asked for a better  teacher in my  freshmen year. He really inspired to be a better person &amp; appreciate the value of an education.
3.0 : I did this in the summer, it was a blast, but 100% group work; which I feared like the plague, but it  actually ended up being a really positive experience and alot of fun. Alot of work, but fun.
4.0 : Dr. Mourchid restored my faith in my educational investment. The class was challenging because I had to apply myself more than other professors expect me to. I learned about the world, my biases, and the nuances of cultural perception  and identity that she how we interact with others. Dr. Mourchid's class and style of teaching opened my eyes.
4.5 : Prof. Mourchid was by far the best professor I had in college. He was friendly, approachable, but serious about student learning and participation. What I liked the most about the class is Prof. Mourchid's of relating course material to real-life situations. I loved his personal anecdotes.
4.5 : Professor Mourchid is a very intelligent person with a huge heart. He is very passionate about his life, work, and students. He will provide help when needed and is very good at reading people, which helps when you are a communications professor.
5.0 : Dr. Mourchid was one of the most influential professors I have had at SFSU. I took COMM521 in the fall and admired his class so much, I decided to take a summer class only bc he was teaching it. He really cares about you as a student and wants you to grow as an individual. His extra credit assignments are very moving and profound. RECOMMENDED!
4.5 : Younes is a great professor. I strongly encourage everyone that needs to take comm150 or a higher division communication class to take one of his. He is very passionate about the subject and is an extremely powerful speaker himself. Expect around 4 speeches, the final was an Impromptu speech which was really fun to deliver and listen!
5.0 : Attend class, take notes, ask questions, and FOLLOW FEEDBACK! he gives feedback on your speech, listen to it and DO IT!
5.0 : Dr. Mourchid is an amazing professor. He cares about his students &amp; their progress in his class. He is a tough grader, but he does so that you'll see what you need to improve, especially for the next speech. He'll grade according to your improvement in your speeches. Don't slack off!! Take in his guidance! Go to class, it's never boring.
5.0 : Younes is a good person and a great teacher on group communication. Bottom line: Respect him, and he will respect you It can't get any fairer than that. Take his requirements seriously even politely asking to use the restroom. He puts a lot of thought into his teaching, and he only wants his students to live and learn well. Thank you, Younes! :)
5.0 : Fantastic teacher and an even better person. Definitely recommend taking this class with Younes. You will walk out with more than you would ever expect.
4.5 : Younes Mourchid is an awesome professor. His enthusiasm and energy made the class one of the most enjoyable I ever had! Participation in class is the most important thing. Be ready to leave your comfort zone in this interpersonal communication class: your communication skills will be challenged and thus highly improved.
4.0 : LOVED his lectures. Made it worth the 8:30am start time. The group project was rough, but enlightening. Expect to work hard, participate (he won't let you hide in the back), be challenged, and grow in all aspects as a human being. One of my tougher classes, but so worth it!
4.0 : LOVED his lectures. Made 8:30am start worth it. The group project was rough, but enlightening. The quizzes were really hard too, but he adjusted the last one by class demand. Expect to work hard, participate (he won't let you hide in the back), be challenged, and grow in all aspects as a human being. One of my tougher classes, but so worth it!
1.0 : This was an unorganized class and was a disaster of an experience
5.0 : Great prof
5.0 : Great professor, 25+ years in SFPD. 9 two-pages essays along with weekly quizzes. Lowest two-essays get dropped. His lectures are actually quite enjoyable if you're interested in legal terms and modern events.   An optional field trip to Solanos State Prison
5.0 : Kathy is a sweet lady. She is very approachable! She is the easiest grader, ever. Grade based on attendanceparticipation, just sign in. 6 small papers, 1 presentation, 1 midterm, 1 final exam. Her lectures are long, and consist of reading of PPT on assigned readings. You could go without purchasing the book, really. Understanding &amp; passionate.
5.0 : Richard is the man. Great class and great guy. Would definitely recommend
5.0 : Jeremy was a super easy A. With that being said, it was clear he really loved what he was teaching and he helped guide us through the material really well.
5.0 : Jeremy is an all around nice guy. He's here to help you. Questions? Ask. He really is interested in the subject he's teaching. Be nice to him, he really does want to help. Really enjoyed his class overall. Take it!
4.0 : He's very nerdy and into comics and stuff. Homework is not difficult; neither are the lecture's. Just pay attention because some stuff is tricky and lectures build on each other. Stay on top of hw because he doesn't ask to see it until the end of the semester.
5.0 : He is a great teacher that explains throughly. You need to pay attention but the material is not too hard. I had no interest in taking this class but by the end of the semester, he had me excited to go to class! He is very helpful and it is a Easy A if you pay attention.
5.0 : Alexandra is literally the best teacher I have ever had in my entire education career. She is so affable and definitely knowledgeable in everything she teaches, especially Ancient Greek. The material is difficult for sure, but she makes it come so easy because you can tell she actually cares and works with you if you EVER need help.
5.0 : I like this class. The lectures are always interesting, and i like how a song (mostly contemporary) is played at the beginning of class, and there are multiple aspects that are tied with the day's readings. She is very clear in explanations, and if you show up to every class, you'll have a good understanding of what happened in the readings.
5.0 : Pappas is the best. She is very knowledgable, patient, has great sense of humor and does her best to teach you. You will have hw and be have to attend the class to LEARN like any other class. Do those and you will ace those exams because she never tricks you. Even if you are not Classics major, she makes you think about it changing your major 3
5.0 : She is one of the few amazing teachers I was honored to meet. She really cares about the subject and the students. However, Ancient greek is super hard. Like super hard. If you try really hard, ask questions, and do all the homework then you will do well. I got an A- for the class. She is an amazing teacher.
5.0 : Pappas is by far one of the best professors I have ever had. She knows how to make the hardest, the seemingly most impossible class possible. Prosem is no easy feat, but her un-human organizational skills turned the class into manageable chunks. I am beyond thankful that she taught this class this semester. It would not have been the same w/out her
5.0 : She is so awesome. Perhaps the most dedicated professor I have ever had. We read three epics and were quizzed randomly on them throughout the semester, which was good motivation to always attend class. Prof. Pappas is extremely well-spoken, grades tests and quizzes super fast, and is very dedicated to her students and the well-being of the class.
4.0 : Amazing teacher! Ginn really cares about his students and you can tell he knows his field of study. He often throws in humor and easily connects the lessons with every day life, which helps with understanding the course material. He will definitely meet outside of class with you and he does not want you to fail, so you can get easy extra credit.
5.0 : Sam is probably one of the COOLEST professor's I've ever had! He gets really into what he likes to teach and he can sometimes go off topic (he really loves burritos and his two dogs). He rarely gives any homework and the four assignments we had were ridiculously easy. Also, he talks about what will go on our quizzes/tests the day before too.
4.5 : Sam is so awesome! He goes through his prompts thoroughly before the essay assignment is due. Super cool guy and loves to help and talk about philosophy; his passion is inspiring.
5.0 : This professor is the nicest guy ever! Loves participation and never makes you feel unworthy of your opinion. He really appreciates you especially if you go to office hours. Straight forward and makes the class fun because of his passion in teaching philosophy.
4.5 : It awesome to come across a professor that is passionate about their field of study and this shows throughout his lectures. He's always in a chill and positive mood and always makes himself available  to students. He's also very beautiful, that's a plus.
5.0 : Ginn is an amazing professor! He makes his classes very fun and his class is very easy! Attendance is not mandatory; All his tests are completely reviewed a class before the test and he gives very helpful study guides for all of them! I would 100% recommend him!! Not to mention eye candy!!!!
5.0 : Sam is one of the best professors I've ever had. The class itself was a little brutal just because I got the 8 am, but he wants to you to make sure you not only pass but you know the material. I would definitely take his class just not in the morning especially if you're not a morning person overall he's amazing, funny, and very passionate.
5.0 : Prof. Li is a very intelligent professor who actually loves what he is teaching. The problem is that he may be too enthusiastic to teach an intro class. I say this because he teaches the course like we're all wanting to be accounting majors, which   can be annoying when asking for clarification on something, because he doesn't like to repeat things
5.0 : Mark Li is the best Accounting professor I've ever had!
5.0 : He is really nice and helpful with all of your questions. He is passionate about accounting and teaching. His lecture is pretty clear, take it! you wont regret.
5.0 : I wish all professor are like him. im from uc berkeley but happen to take his accounting class at sfsu and i regret going to berkeley if professors at sfsu teaches like this.
5.0 : Mark Li is the best ACCT professor at SFSU. 2 Exams and a Final, make sure you study and understand the concept fluently, as the questions on the exam are hard. He's also always willing to take time out in order to help you, so make sure you ask for help!
2.0 : He's really caring and is such a genuine guy who really wants his students to pass. The issue is that his class actually was too difficult and you don't get many chances to improve your grade. 2 midterms and then a final. No homework. Tests are not curved. He really wants us to understand the material, but his lectures are just too heavy and long.
5.0 : The best Accounting 301 Professor in SFSU!!
1.0 : felt that his lectures never quite matched up to his tests, ended up studying for things that weren't even necessary in the first place.
5.0 : Without question, Mark Li is one of the best professors at SFSU. All the resources needed to pass the class is readily made available to you. Even if you struggle to understand the material, he will go out of his way to make sure you excel. Be sure to take advantage of the exam review sessions as they are exceptionally helpful. 2 exams, 1 final
4.0 : I didn't think this class that hard. Since I took an online class, online quiz every Monday. You absolutely need the book if you want to pass. You can find all answers to the quiz in the readings. You have to do two journal entries during the semester. Do campus event paper! I didn't do it &amp; my grade went down a whole letter. Still an easy class!
2.5 : He shouldn't try to be applying his small class tactics to a 200 student lecture class. Also were college students not middle schoolers. Would be a good teacher in a small  classroom but avoid if its a big class unless you want to be very bored.
3.5 : Professor Skar is so nice! He is very passionate about what he teaches. I had to take this class for my ge requirement so of course its not the most interesting to me, but he is enjoyable to be around. Class of 200 and has clicker quizzes almost everyday. Most graded, some not. Gives study guides for tests, but a poster project at the end. yuck
4.5 : He is a great teacher. Teachers very well. Has us do a group project for our Final. It is pretty fun.
5.0 : He is a great teacher. Really understands his students and is willing to meet with you during his office hours. With a huge class of almost 200 students. He gives us readings and the next day we have a quick clicker quiz on them. They are fun though. Only 3 tests pretty easy just study! and then a Final group project. Not so bad.
5.0 : Awesome teacher! Do take him. Very fun and interesting class. I learned a lot.
4.0 : He made a lecture class of 300, somehow interactive and with many participation opportunities. He is fun and energetic and really wants to help his students learn. The readings are short and relevant. Helps review before exams. Major group project, which is good because it encourages you to talk to your peers. Highly recommend! fun and easy.
4.5 : Interesting class, but just wish the class size was a bit smaller. I believe this was the first time for him having a class size this big (200+). Professor is very passionate about the subject and is very helpful. Class is not that difficult, but just a lot of key terms to remember for the exams. There are 3 exams and 1 group presentation.
4.0 : Leonard makes this class so fun. He's very enthusiastic about the subject and makes the class interesting. There's one group project and 3 tests. We barely used the book.
5.0 : He is a very good teacher. Took him for Cal Water Earth 330, very fun and enjoyable class i actually learned in his class. He is very friendly. Not a hard class just make sure to review his slides and take notes and you should be fine.
5.0 : I love Leonard. He's brilliant and willing to drop everything to lend advice or toss around ideas. He thinks outside of the box and likes to try out lots of new ideas in-class. I really appreciate his earnestness. As a practicing geologist, I consider him to be an outstanding role model and human being. And his teaching definitely shows it.
5.0 : Wow, what an amazing professor. He gives great lectures and will also help you in a small setting outside of class. He is the ULTIMATE. Take his class even if it is not manditory, you will be happy you did bc you will expand your knowledge about the subject and your thought process.
4.0 : Professor Segarra provided a clear schedule for the semester, no surprises. He provided make ups if you missed tests and is very understanding if you talk to him in person. Powerpoints are extremely helpful, not boring surprisingly for an econ class. Would take again!
5.0 : He is super cool. And I hear he really likes beagles, so maybe a good end of semester gift?
5.0 : I hear the beagle bit to be true, couldn't hurt to show him pictures or videos of beagles every class. Also i don't know if i'd call his class easy, but he is easy on the eyes!
4.5 : I hate math, plain and simple. But Danny is awesome! I was never great at Algebra 2, but Danny was able to make sense of concepts I never understood before. Probably the best math teacher ever! Even if you miss a few classes, he's good at reviewing and catching you up to speed. He's also easy to look at! :)
5.0 : Co-taught Plant Anatomy with Patterson. Really knows his stuff, adds personal anecdotes into his lectures, explains concepts very clearly.
4.5 : He had a secondary role to Patterson this semester (first semester at State), but his lectures provided excellent physiological context for the anatomy presented by Patterson. Curious to see where he would take the course ifwhen he takes it over.
4.5 : The course needs development from an administrative standpoint, but as far as content goes, the material made sense and was presented in a logical progression. Text book wasn't used (he didn't have a chance to change it to his preferred text before he got here). Takes an ecologicalbiophysical approach to physiology over biochemical.
3.5 : Pretty good lecturer for BIOL230. Kinda confusing when he doesn't clarify answers to questions sometimes... Easy HW for his section! Lectures go by slow tho
4.0 : Kevin is at times confusing, he really does not give a true answer. Go to class, listen in lecture, do your homework, and FORM STUDY GROUPS. If you do, you will most definitely pass the class with a B or higher.
3.5 : In BIOL230, it seemed as though we studied under Dr. Simonin for only a week of so, the time that he taught BIOL230 was very minimal and forgettable. Although we did work with plants in BIOL230, his role in educating us in that field was minuscule. I would say that he was a decent professor in the week that he did teach us.
5.0 : Kevin was second best after Kimberly. Although at times he was a bit confused on the material and would not be clear when we asked questions, he overall was an amazing instructor. try your hardest to participate and do  not fall asleep cause it will hurt you
2.0 : He definitely passionate about botano-physiology, and loves this class. but the way he intereprets the material is very tiresome, equations here and there, which are sorta confusing already. you learn new things about plant base systems, but its like trying to relearn human physio. got lucky because of a extra credit, which makes up for loss pts.
5.0 : I took BIO230 with Kevin &amp; Kimberly last semester. Their class ignited my love for biology again. It was a very informative and fun class. I highly recommend both!! Kevin is sweet and down to Earth, he is ALWAYS willing to help in any way to make learning easy &amp; most importantly, to make the information make sense. Teachers like Kevin are amazing!
5.0 : Textbook is not needed, instructors say it is but put the pages "that might be useful for homework assignments" are online provided for you anyway. Attend the study sessions before exams. 4-5 Exams, short answers are easier than multiple choice. iClicker is needed for attendance ($59). Homework on Thursday and Sunday online but sometimes canceled
5.0 : Currently at the final period of this Bio230 course with Jose, Kevin, Melinda and Laura. Kevin was forsure one of my favorites of the four, made lectures super interesting. Would take him again if I could.
2.0 : I get that he's trying to do well for his first semester, but honestly, this professor shouldn't be teaching a class called plant physiology when its PURELY plant ECOphysiology. Get ready for tons of physics based lectures, GRAPHS, pointless (and repetitive) powerpoint slides, GRAPHS, non-text book based material (research papers galore). AVOID.
5.0 : Very passionate in teaching. I took her winter session 2 class and she managed to keep the class entertaining. Highly Highly recommend
5.0 : BEST TEACHER EVER! Dr. Reddy-Best is so passionate about her job and will do anything to make sure you are successful. Show up, pay attention, study and you'll do great. 3 hour classes are always long but Dr. Reddy-Best made a complicated subject very interesting! Definitely recommend.
5.0 : Kelly is by fat the best professor I have ever had during my 5 years in college.  She is young, vibrant, and really shows an interest in her students.  This class was very simple, and she gives you really good examples and feedback of professional documents to get you ready for graduation. TAKE HER.
3.0 : Culture and Historical Costume. 3-hour long class, but felt longer. She lectures from powerpoint and expects students to write notes. Does not post notes on iLearn. Book not worth buying. If you must, buy 1 book and share with friends. 5 quizzes, 2 exams, 1 final, 1 five-page research paper, 1 final presentation board. Tough grader, nit-picky.
5.0 : the chillest teacher. He really loves what he talks about and keeps the class interested. He's really funny and approachable. Weekly quizzes and a group essay. Easy A.
4.0 : very inspirational, weekly quizzes but super easy.
4.5 : Dr. Danaher made this class very interesting, it was easily one of my favorite classes that I've ever taken. He is very clear and inspiring in his lectures, and class is hardly ever boring.
4.0 : Danehar is a great professor and is very open about his teachings. He's very passionate about the things he teaches and it makes you want to change the world. There is a weekly take home quiz based on the readings but as long as you read you'll do just fine. Would recommend taking.
4.5 : Danaher is such a passionate and dedicated teacher who values making an actual impact in the world. Definitely an easy A. Does chapter quizzes every week but is arranged in correlation to the chapter so just read while taking the quiz. Group essay at the end of the year and an online final and that's basically it. Take him!
3.0 : This was suppose to be Global Sociology, but  it was actually Environmental Sociology.  Very interesting and relevant, but not what class was billed to be.  I think Dr. Danaher was a last-minute-substitution.  He is opinionated and dogmatic, but open to discussion and pretty nice.  You will learn a lot in any class he teaches.  Read text for tests.
4.5 : Amazing class! Have taken many LTNS classes and this has been one of my favorites. He really knows what he is talking about and loves having class discussions. Participate as it is very important for your grade. Weekly reading but all very interesting. 2 exams, midterm and final but gives a very details study guide!
4.5 : This class is awesome. Really good, thought provoking discussions. Tests are not hard if you review the study guide he gives you. If you have a chance to have Andres as a professor, take it.
4.0 : The Ethnic Studies course I took from Andres was very informational and eye opening. I can relate everything we discussed in this class to almost all of my other classes. The lectures encouraged me to critically think about everything! Learned a lot and was inspired!
5.0 : Great person that loves to teach! It was my first semester at state and took two of his classes and really enjoyed and looked forward to going to both all the time. Take his classes.
5.0 : Love everything about Andres  his teaching techniques. He's a very LAX professor - takes pride in what he is teaching to his students and really wants to educate to his best of his ability (you can tell in the way he speaks)
4.0 : I truly enjoyed this class, one thing you should take in mind is to speak up or you won't be considered to be participating. I took this class and did everything except participate (no, participating does not just mean showing up even though in a way that matters). My grade went as low as a C-. SPEAK UP, and you'll be fine! Fun teacher
4.5 : Amazing class! Very exciting every class no pressure and he gives us chance to give our own opinion and he produces discussion in class. As long as you do your Work that is given (Very little) and do the final project which most of us got 3030 and there's alot of extra credit opportunity.
5.0 : Not a teacher but a wonderful person nonetheless. He's always there when things break or go wrong and always has something upbeat to say. Funny and kind, this school wouldn't be running if it weren't for Ben.
4.0 : Okay, so he's a tech, but he seems to magically appear whenever something breaks or you need to get into a room because you forgot your bag or whatever. He'll discuss your work and give feedback or help you figure out a way to do something that you've been stuck on. He explains things really well and really seems to care about all the students.
5.0 : Melia is super caring and she explains everything well. Super flexible in that she allows students to solve problems in different ways and emphasizes the "effort" part in her classtestshw. Weekly hw assignment(s) and usually a quiz each Friday (1 or 2 q's). 2 Midterms of 5 q's and a final of 10 q's. Best math professorclass I've taken so far.
5.0 : Big Ben is a great instructor. Take him, you won't regret it!
5.0 : Super amazing person and lecturer! I seriously couldn't imagine anatomy without Big Ben!
5.0 : Awesome instructor seriously funny super straightforward  easy on the eyes
5.0 : He's such an amazing teacher, hilarious and his eyes are to die for.
5.0 : Ben is just an amazing person!!! Funny, always there to help!! Very laid back. Would take him again if i can!!
5.0 : THE BEST. Just like so funny ya know, super nice, always tryna help you out and play the BEST r. Kelly jams in the wet lab.
5.0 : Great Lab instructor! Quizzes can be hard but overall prepares you for the practical. Very good-looking :)
5.0 : Ben Locked and Loaded the man, what more is there to say. You have problems? Boom Ben is there to take care of your lack of knowledge. Never condescending always smiling. Whats more?  You get a perfect score on his quizzes this hero takes the time to illustrate whatever you want on it.  Amazing karaoke singer, corgi fanatic and great TA.
2.0 : Probably good for anatomy (pure memorization), but he is beyond terrible for Physiology.  Took him last semester and you can tell he knew "just enough" to teach the course.  I guess this is why he only taught Physio lab for one semester.
5.0 : Incredibly caring, and extremely knowledgable. He really knows what he's talking about, and cares so much about teaching at a high quality but also making sure students aren't hating their lives. True Hufflepuff! I've suffered from premature atrial contractions from his charms and eyes too.
4.0 : The class is largely based on her lectures and participation. However she assigned hardly any papers or assignments for the semester and what she did assign was always fairly easy. Never any quizzes and she did not assign a final. She is easy to talk to as well if you needed help. She did not assign us a textbook for the class either. Show upA.
5.0 : Exams are tough, but he wants to see your problem solving skills. In general, they're comparable to homework. You can tell that he is more interested in your understanding of the material than insignificant details. He regularly uploads in-class lecture notes so you can review while you do HW. Above all else, he genuinely cares about you. Take him.
4.5 : Barg, was a chill teacher, super easy grader! like crazy easy! The class was super interesting and he gives quick feedback if you need it. The only downside was that he is SUPER unorganized. However he makes up for it with easiness on grading and interesting lectures. Minimal reading (if at all).
5.0 : Take Him for 680! You will not regret.
5.0 : Dr. Barganier will definitely change the way you think! He will Decolonize your mind! The readings are great. You will be glad you read them &amp; he has critical responses due each class! Over all great professor! I recommend you take him! You well not regret it!
5.0 : The best engineering teacher at SFSU. The class is not easy, but you will think about becoming a transportation engineer after taking this class. My favorite so far.
4.5 : Carlos is the best professor you can ask for.  He is caring, understanding, knowledgeable, and is willing to meet you halfway.  I have taken two classes with him and thoroughly enjoyed being his student.  Highly recommend!
4.0 : Weekly reading assignments that are very easy by skimming the readings. I loved the lectures and class discussions and found them super interesting. The tests seemed easy but the wording is tricky so the "cheat sheet" he allows helps a lot. He was a great professor and I look forward to having him again in the future. This was my favorite class.
4.0 : His class is honestly repetitive and boring but thats what makes you remember everything. He's new so he's still finding his groove. Assignments are very easy and he shortened the proposed 10 page final to 3 pages and pushed the due date back a week. Lol. He's the MOST understanding teacher I've ever had and is very helpful when you need him.
5.0 : Best person ever.
4.5 : Best dude award. The homework can be turned in late and he works with students who participate. Offers extensions on his quizzes and is really willing to work with students in office hours. 1010 would recommend.
5.0 : This class is super easy. If you do the 10 assignments and 10 tests you'll pass. He lets you use notes on tests. Super friendly and nice. Take this class!
5.0 : DAVID YOU'RE HELLA FUNNY AND SO KIND! All you have to do is the homework and do great on your quizzes which include notes occasionally! He also brings snacks to class. I would take this class again.
4.5 : David is a super cool, easy-going and one of the nicest (sometimes to a fault), most understanding people ever. Don't take advantage of it. He is super helpful and is new so don't expect the lectures to be incredible and interactive. You'll learn about key philosophical ideas that you'll remember. Fair grader, open note quizzes, offers extensions.
5.0 : HE'S AWESOME!!
3.5 : Professor Kier is a young professor. She prefers to be called by her first name, Ingrid. The session I had was three hours long and ended at 7pm. There is a lot of in class writing! The homework is simple. One short writing assignment a week and some reading from the text. No midterm or Final exam.
4.0 : Really simple class. Ingrid is wonderful, and very clear with all assignments. I had her for a 3 hour lecture once a week. There's homework due every week. There were no pop quizzes. attendance is mandatory though. This class was a really fun and easy GE!!!
4.5 : Attendance was only mandatory so you could turn in your homework and get your points. There was a lecture, where she had us sign in, then there was separate groups where we signed in again. It's kind of boring for a Creative Writing Major because not as organized workshops. Good intro class though. Goes over textbook in class.
4.0 : This class is front loaded. The first test was difficult, but by the end of the semester it was easier to navigate, especially with a study group. 3 exams, 2 writing assignments, &amp; 2 homework assignments. Pay attention and you will pass. He has some great stories too.
3.0 : I took a class with this prof and  found that  he does care for each student as the people they are. I am apart of (DPRC), In the beginning of the semester he told the class not to bother with the "DPRC cent" so i never gave him my DPRC paprwrk.  him a 2+ times he got a little upset, I told him my situation &amp; he changed his tone from that point on.
5.0 : An excellent professor! He makes the class sound harder than it is. The class itself is not difficult, but you will need to put in the work for your grade. Only 2 homeworks and 1 paper with a revision, final is based off the first 2 midterms! He's passionate about what he teaches and is always willing to help during office hours or over email.
5.0 : Every class is a powerpoint presentation.  Don't buy the books I never opened them, just rent or borrow someones. Be a good note taker. 2 midterms 1 final. 1, 7-8 page writing assignment.  Responsive, helpful, and always willing to help. Clear grading criteria. Work was harder than expected. You definitely have to earn your grade. He's a cool guy!
5.0 : The topic was interesting and his teaching style made class very enjoyable. You definitely have to earn your grade though. The tests were moderately difficult and he assigns a fairly lengthy paper which he is very strict on in terms of grading. However, he is very easy to work with and always willing to help. I highly recommend.
5.0 : 1010 best teacher showed up ever day and got an A+
5.0 : She offers an integrative style class and is well versed in the topic, she is open to student's ideas and encourages students to present new theory and ideas. However, she had great power point class presentations that help add to the extensive reading materials.  Get ready to write a great deal APA style.  No midterms nor finals.
5.0 : Anne is an amazing teacher: she is brilliant, inspiring, dedicated to students and gives really detailed feedback on papers. Her classes are hard but worth the work. Her French is also also amazing.
5.0 : Anne is so kind and helpful! She is really available and takes student feedback into consideration.  The workload (1 paper, 2 presentations, a few culture related homework assignments) is reasonable. There's a lot of reading the textbook in class, but other activities are fun.
5.0 : Anne is an amazing professor. I don't know how SFSU got her to begin with. She is brilliant, dedicated, and well-respected in her field and she has been instrumental  in getting MA students into PhD Programs and in mentoring them for conferences or prestigious fellowships in the field.
5.0 : Amazing professor: challenging, inspiring, you will learn a lot if you put in the work, but tons of work.
5.0 : Dr Linton is an amazing teacher and inspiring mentor who really goes the extra mile for her students. She is a very rigorous grader and sets high expectations for homework, so get ready to work. But she will give you the most detailed feedback you've ever received on your written work and her French is very impressive.
4.0 : Anne is a gem of a French professor. She's really passionate about language studies and teaching, and is always looking for ways to help make language an enjoyable and enriching experience. Although I was only taking the class for review, she keeps her class at a nice pace for her students and is always available to help in and out of class.
5.0 : Anne is an exceptional French prof. She's charismatic, enthusiastic, and really inspires students to do their best. Every single day in class she shows up prepared and totally upbeat. Even early in the morning. She is an unbelievably demanding grader (especially for SF State), but she will help you as much as you need if you put in the effort.
2.0 : In my opinion, she does not communicate effectively with students
5.0 : I'm in Anne's Business French Class and it is amazing! learning tons of vocabulary and it's useful. She gives really detailed feedback on oral presentations too. Hard grader, but fair.
4.0 : Anne is a very nice and understanding person and a good and well informed teacher. She does her best to make students do their best.
5.0 : Anne is an outstanding professor. She gives the most detailed feedback on papers and presentations that I've ever received at State, and she's really inspiring and passionate about literature. The only annoying thing about class is that not everyone does the reading, which can make class discussion painful at times. Read people!
5.0 : I've taken no less than 3 classes with Anne and I have learned so much each time. She is encouraging, available to help, and she gives great feedback. -- And she is extremely knowledgeable, interesting, and easy to learn from. I personally found the coursework to be challenging without being too overwhelming. Would definitely recommend her courses.
4.0 : Dr. Linton is super chill, always relaxed and has a great since of humor. The course was difficult for me but she was very adamant that she was always available to help if needed. My most time consuming class this semester.
4.0 : Anne is one of THE most organized professors I have had. She grades things in a timely manner and is always available for office hours. She made sure we understood the content and went over it to make sure we understand it. She is attentive and to the point. I loved her energy when she came to class and she had wonderful attendance.
5.0 : love love love this professor!! she is a sweetheart and fun to talk to! she makes all her work clear and if you ever have questions she's there for you. I really enjoy taking her class. Would def recommend her to anyone.
4.5 : Just noticed she wasn't rated, so I'll pave the way for you future students. If she hasn't changed.. she loves discussions and group oriented ones. Lots of miniature writings here and there. Reading is required for the online quizzes. Aside from the overly engaging activities, she's a great teacher that seeks to abandon plain lectures.
5.0 : Her class is simple and straight forward. You get weekly notes on reading, which is very little homework. She's kind on grading as long as you do the work and make sense of it. For the most part you just have to attend class and do the readings and you'll pass with flying colors. I myself procrastinate a lot and still passed the class with a B.
4.0 : Martha was an overall great teacher. She was always friendly and understanding. Her class consisted of a bit of reading assignments that were completely do-able. No tests and the final outcome was a portfolio consisting of the world you completed throughout the semester. I would say the majority of the class passed with A's.
5.0 : Martha's hybrid class revolves around a cycle of writing drafts, peer reviewing and receiving feedback, then submitting a final revised draft. The midterm and final portfolio consisting of about five 750 and 1500 word essays that you will write throughout the semester. A dry but straightforward and easy class if you put in the effort to improve.
5.0 : Martha is great. Class isn't difficult. No test or quizzes. We have a few papers throughout the semester but she gives you enough time to do them. She gives great feedback on papers and gives students the opportunity to revise and resubmit them with portfolios. Also, she does book clubs which is a nice break from writing! I would recommend!
4.5 : Very sweet and nice. She gives great feedback on essays! Kind of a tough grader but pretty basic essay criteria. I would definitely take her for another English class.
5.0 : Martha Is a great Professor, she is very organized and upgrades grades almost every week on Ilearn. A pretty easy grader, however your midterm and final portfolios are graded with more difficulty and if you put in the time you'll be fine.
5.0 : Probably the best teacher I've encountered. Super friendly! And the lectures are great. Gives clear instructions and extremely helpful if you've questions! If you ain't taking her class,you missing out.
5.0 : Took Eng214, which was structured as a hybrid course. You meet once a week, and the rest of the work is online. It is a bit fast-paced but she offers a lot of assistance, and thoroughly enjoys helping her students. I feel that I've learned a lot more writing skills through this course, and I recommend it to anyone who's willing to put in the work.
5.0 : perfect teacher and easy to get A grade. Good for freshman students. i would take her again
5.0 : Loved having this professor this semester. She always gives us class time to work on essays (total of 4 throughout the semester) and give feedback/assistance. Classes aren't boring because for the most part she encourages participation and working with each other - so her lectures aren't long. We also had a book club - super fun/easy.
5.0 : She is so helpful! So adorable as well! She will help with anything as long as you ask. Great about emailing back! Doesn't give you more work than she thinks you can handle!
4.0 : Does the whole notebook thing but the labs are hella fun
4.5 : Great teacher! Nice and I like the stuff she used. I was worried because she assigned too many things to read... But I got a good grade. She is really good  when to explaining and I came to have hr help with midterm.
4.5 : Vickie was really helpful and understanding and the content was both interesting and engaging. It's kind of heavy on reading but not a lot of writing. If you try to keep up with the reading you should be fine.
5.0 : Really awesome teacher!!!
5.0 : Mike Ryan is a goofy guy, and he's more like a teddy bear you want to befriend than a strict professor. Honestly, his lectures are easy to follow. He gives great examples and will always clarify if you don't understand something. Just show up and participate a little bit. Anyone who didn't pass the class simply didn't care.  Also he's pretty cute.
5.0 : Seriously, best professor I have ever had. Awesome at bridging class material into teachable career advice. I really came away feeling prepared.  Prof. Fisher is amazing... he assigns a lot of work, but at the end you will be glad he did because you are ready to apply it. His class is a journey and the reward is well worth it.
5.0 : Take every class you can from this guy. I learned more from him than all the rest of college. He is becoming well known on campus, so getting a seat in his classes is tough. Funny, fair, insightful, and willing to share his professional experiences. He also wrote my recommendation for grad school. Not an easy class, so slackers beware!
5.0 : Most informative, honest, and entertaining professor I've ever taken. Anyone talking bad about Professor Fisher, secretly voted for Trump. Best professor choice for the variety of subjects he teaches. A ton of work, but well worth the blood, sweat and tears invested.
5.0 : His lectures are almost performance, super high energy... and in a really awesome way that makes learning really easy.  He's funny and will share personal perspectives on the material that brings it to life.  Favorite class of the program. Many students follow him from class to class... he's that good that you want more.  Makes learning fun.
4.5 : Took him for both MKTG 637 and 675. He actually connects the course material to a real-life setting: there's a lot to take away from his classes. Very minimal homework: read an article, discuss in class. One group project for both, a midterm and a final. Go to class, pay attention, and you'll do fine.
5.0 : Great professor.  Could not recommend more.  Hard coursework and tough grader but plenty of opportunity to turn your grade around if you do the work.  Fantastic lectures.
4.5 : Excellent balance of theory and real world examples.  Teaches in a very down to earth manner.  Has no problem swearing in class, but damn funny guy.  He should do stand up.  Learned a lot from the class.  He's really good at drawing in examples on the fly to illustrate course material.  He also teaches philosophy, so the lectures are deep.
5.0 : Absolute best professor at SFSU.  I got my first job as a direct result of things I learned from Professor Fisher.  A few months on the job and his connection of class content to the real world is spot on.  His classes really make you think. He's pretty funny too.  Go to class, the REAL gems of his courses are the personal 'extras' he adds.
5.0 : The guy is just a FANTASTIC professor. Entire class is engaging.  Class is "front loaded" (lots of work at the start with much less at the end).  He is the only 690 professor that uses a business simulator game to teach strategy and competition... it's fun and I learned a lot!  I actually look forward to this class every week.
5.0 : The only class I'd wake up at nine on a Friday for. Entertaining, humorous and knowledgeable lectures while still being relevant to current social topics, engaging class discussions and case studies/academic articles that show interesting branding techniques. I've gained information that can be used towards my career directly from this class.
5.0 : Prof Fisher is Awesome!!! He knows a ton. His lectures are engaging and bound to make you laugh. You will learn quite a few things from his class but be prepared to work for it. I promise it will be worth it! One of the Best Profs in BUS at SFSU!
1.0 : You'll get an A in this class. but he is not the most clear. basically all homework you do you'll get an A on. As long as you turn it in you get credit. Midterm was hard af but it was take home.
3.0 : Interesting teaching style! I feel like I didn't learn much related to the topic but also learned a lot. There were no real lectures or tough assignments. I did however learn a lot of applicable things like how to de-stress and was constantly reminded to not stress about the little things.
5.0 : Great teacher.
4.5 : I shall be honest. I did skip many of Harvey's  class. But I did learn alot and he is an amazing person. He knows what he is talking and questions your answers to make sure you truly understand the material. Overall i passed the class with an A and all his assignment was straightforward with alot of help/feedback throughout the semester
5.0 : Prof. Harvey is one the best professors at SFSU! I don't know why students are complaining about his class set up. He makes it hard for a student to fail his class. If you put the effort, you will see the results you want. Other than that, Richard Harvey was a great professor and the class was set up as an online class. Midterm/Final are online!
5.0 : Great class! I've learned so much about holistic health this fall semester with him! I would suggest taking him. It's an easy A. If you want to boost your GPA, I would really suggest taking him. Potluck towards the end of semester. The midterm and final exams are online. And he lets you turn in assignments late for FULL credit! HE'S VERY LAID BACK!
5.0 : Definitely recommend taking him! Was interested in the health education field because of him! I love RIC! Super easy :)
5.0 : Mr. Bishop  is  a great professor. His teaching style kept me motivated and that made learning easier. He was thorough and always made sure we understood the material. He always provided feedback and if necessary  he would stay longer to make sure everything was understood. i would definitely take another class with him.
5.0 : Mr. Bishop's Intensive course was the cherry on top of the program. I really enjoyed his class, just get ready to work HARD and LEARN. He has: good teaching methodology, he is very resourceful when explaining, thorough knowledge of language (is his passion) and he can make you laugh when you want to cry and quit. Best coach for your brain workout!
4.5 : I took sight translation with Mr. Bishop as well as the advanced exam prep course.  His thorough explanations and real life examples were extra helpful in developing precise interpreting skills.  He held me accountable for continuing to practice (the only way to improve!) and his class activities were great.  I would definitely take another class.
1.5 : I took course last year &amp; taken many online classes w other college &amp; can say this is the worst 1.  His open forum created hostile environment due to criticism was open to all students instead of direct one on one with students.  Doesn't give clear instructions &amp; due dates are not on syllabus.  Class is always under 40% full w high drop out rate
5.0 : Mr. Bishop is a dedicated and tough teacher  but I promise he will train your brain like no one has. Lots of work in his courses, but his criticisms have been invaluable to me. And he's really hot.
5.0 : His feedback was specific and inspired me to do my own research. He cares about students beyond classroom and gives great professional advice. It is worth the time and effort.
5.0 : This was by far my favorite class! Sage was always making us think about relevant topics that we were surrounded by. Definitely participate in this class and just listen to what she has to say. I would definitely take it again if I could or take any class taught by her (she is a grad student). She genuinely cares for her students!
5.0 : WOW! I took Sage last year and I thought she was amazing then, but so much of what she taught makes so much more sense now a semester later. She's way fun, way chill, and SUPER smart. Be ready to dig into some social justice stuff (THE PATRIARCHY!!), but if you have an open mind and are willing to listen, think, &amp; talk, she'll change you. AND HOT!
5.0 : Sage is AMAZING. She is by far the BEST teacher I've ever had. If you're into talking about social justice issues then this class is perfect for you. She's also super funny and the classes are never boring. There are some speeches but we (the students) all grew closer with each other so it wasn't too nerve-racking.
5.0 : I took her 2017 Comm 64 class at Chabot Community College, I've NEVER had a professor so down to earth and real as Sage.  Very skilled in her area and gives extra credit when avail.
5.0 : Sage is theeeee best professor ever. She really goes above and beyond the call of duty to make students feel at home. But also, she calls out the basics. Awesome class. Wish I could take it again.
4.5 : As a first time freshman I can honestly say this is the best class to take if its your first college go around. She has changed my life and blown my mind, very easy to talk to, supper funny and cares about her students. no tests just speeches but they are easy and fun to do!
5.0 : great professor. 99% of the class days are spent having class discussions. plus she is hot so you will want to pay attention
5.0 : Servando is probably the best math teacher ever. He cares about his students and wants them to succeed. Homework is online and is fairly easy-ish. He gives quizzes every friday which are fairly easy-ish... Test are.... Not that east, but he does whatever he can to make sure that the class understands.
3.5 : My class was very different from typical math classes. It is set in a way that you learn by doing, and you learn within a group. Rather than lecture all period and leave, it's lecture, and then problem solving with your group. Very interesting approach and helpful for those who struggle in math. Servando is so so helpful and incredibly nice!
5.0 : One of the best math teachers I've ever had! Super nice and helpful
4.5 : He really knows what he's talking about and does it well!
3.0 : He reads from a powerpoint the whole time. The lectures are long and he ends up uploading the powerpoints online so the only reason reason to come to class is because attendance is part of your grade. The tests and quizzes are hard and theres a lot of programming to do on the tests but he lets you use a full page of notes (front and back) on them.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Extremely competent, knowledgeable. Provides practical insight in wireless communications, especially in LTE, and in WiMAX.
5.0 : Lectures are very inspiring, motivational and useful. Provides practical problems to work on in computer projects and assignments. This wireless class was extremely useful in my masters project as I was successful in writing and publishing journal papers.
5.0 : Dr Bhaskars lectures are very inspiring and motivational.  He is an excellent teacher and is very caring for his students. He is very knowledgeable.
4.5 : Great professor. Very helpful to the students inside and outside the class. Lectures and Labs are very informative. Learnt a lot from his ENGR 212 class.
5.0 : Dr Bhaskar's lectures are very inspirational and informative. He has passion for Wireless communications and his experience  in working on wireless systems is seen while he makes his long lectures look interesting throughout the class duration. He is very helpful and guides us during his office hours. Will take his advanced wireless class soon.
5.0 : Dr Bhaskar's lectures are very profound and helpful to learn the nuances of Wireless data communication systems. The classes are also inspiring and productive. It is very helpful in getting new ideas which could be useful in our MS project.
3.0 : Only complaint is he lectures for entire time with no breaks in a very monotone voice.  This class isn't easy.  HOWEVER, he is very fair on grading and allows you 1 page of notes during quizzes.  Final is open book, open notes.  Graded on 5 hw assignments due every few weeks,  1 midterm,  1 final, and 2 quizzes but the lowest quiz score is dropped.
2.0 : Nothing outstanding, blindly follows the ppt's.
5.0 : Great lectures, inspirational, motivating. Take his classes. You will learn a lot.
5.0 : Very good and caring professor and person. Lectures are very nice.
5.0 : Dr Bhaskar's lectures are truly inspiring and motivating.
5.0 : Dr VB's instructional material is amazing, clear and crisp.
1.0 : blindly follows and reads ppt's knows absolutely nothing about subject. Very poor in teaching.
2.5 : Has an Indian accent, talks very quickly throughout his 1.5+ hour long lectures. Reads from bookpwrpnt. If asked to explain a certain aspect again, he will repeat EXACTLY what he said before. He will be there to explain things for you if you come after him. Open notes (depends on class) for testsquizzes. Attendancemandatory.
5.0 : Excellent classes, deep explanation of critical concepts, very inspirational, exceptional professor.
5.0 : Dr VB is very good in identifying C programs which have got applications in mechanical and civil engineering. We learnt about many coding schemes in this class, like using arrays, pointers, structures and how they are applicable to kinematics, and other mechanical engineering stuff. As a budding ME student, it was very helpful to me to learn coding
5.0 : Dr V Bhaskar is an outstanding professor in the ECE dept here at SFSU. His lectures are very detailed and teaching is highly informative. Explanations are accurate and grading is very fair. Does also gives extra credit problems in the finals. Amazing professor.
1.0 : Not helpful, classes not interactive, low in knowledge,  doesn't answer doubts, long essay questions for tests, would not recommend this class or any that is taught by this professor.
1.0 : All he does is read off a power point that was provided by the book. Tests are hard. He expects you to code 8-12 projects on midterm/final. Yes some are from homework but I feel like he does not understand that asking this much from a new programmer is asking for a lot. Study guides are useless, lectures useless, teacher useless.
5.0 : Dr Bhaskar's lecture and lab material are easy to read and is catered to the average student in the class. Lots of programs were provided in C and C++ that we needed to work out. Many programs related to Meachanical Engineering applications were provided for us. Class is very interesting and useful for Civil and Mechanical Engrs.
5.0 : Professor Platas makes class fun and engaging to go to. Going in not knowing much about Policy I learned a lot from her! She gives great timely feedback! Test review with a game which is super helpful! Exams are easy, semester-long paper and 1 additional paper but provides plenty timesupport to be successful! Would take again, highly recommend :D
4.0 : Professor Platas is very friendly and she cares about her students. She is very nice and makes the class easy. She gives clear guidelines for all assignments and gives a sample before the quiz. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Professor Platas was one of the best professors I have had. She makes policy so interesting! She's such a sweet, genuine teacher too, I think that's why everyone loves her. She's so involved in policy regarding children and does so much work,  to make a difference, she's awesome. Class was fairly easy, quizzes, papers, group project.
5.0 : You need to come to class and participate.  2 papers, 3 exams (in class essays).  Lots of reading.  Lectures are interesting.  Great way to complete the US History requirements for SFSU.
5.0 : It was a great class with a comfortable classroom atmosphere. I would highly recommend this teacher as he is encouraging and even out of class helpful and understanding.
5.0 : The most influential professor I had at SF State within the history department.  He is always there to help you get an A, but you have to put in the time and work. Lectures highlight the intersectionalities of race, gender, religion, sexuality, and class. Great learning environment that embraces real diversity, individual thinking, and creativity.
5.0 : This class will have you ready for grad. school. Not an easy grader but more than willing to work with you to help you earn the grade you desire. Very knowledgeable and will bring the best out of you if you allow him to. Don't take his criticism personal, he really is only trying to make you do the best work possible. Raises the important questions
1.5 : His class require a lot of reading and expect everyone to participate. I went to him personally to get advise for my term paper and follow all his instruction, but I got a C on both paper. Professor Stein is a hard grader, but he does give you the question to his test. I received a B- in his class, but I work really hard.
5.0 : He can be a tough grader on papers/exams, but is always willing to help. Gives clear study guides that basically are the midterms/final.
4.5 : Professor Stein is the best! I was nervous due to the lackluster reviews, but he is one the most straight forward professors I have had! You do need to put effort into reading and preparing for class and take lecture note, but if you put in the work each day, and study for tests, you will do well. Use office hours before papers-he will help you!
4.0 : Definitely be ready to read and participate, he pays a lot of attention to students who talk. Exams are a bit too much, I think he expects way too much detail. Quizzes are not hard as long as you've done the reading. I like that he's very flexible if you need an extension for a paper.  Also, be careful with your grammar!
5.0 : Marc goes out of his way to give you support on papers (two, 6pg each). He makes sure every student sees him during office hours before a paper, and gives helpful feedback (follow it and you'll get an A). He gives you all the exam questions beforehand. You will probably read more for this class than any other at SF State, but it is well worth it.
5.0 : Really cool dude! I enjoyed his class! He gives an extension on papers if you ask him without any excuse. He wants you to do well. Go to class and if you miss let him know beforehand. His lectures are detailed. There is a lot of reading but he reviews it during lecture for a better understanding. There is 2 papers and 2 exams.
5.0 : Awesome. Professor Stein is very caring teacher; gives lots of extension on Papers. ATTENDANCE DO matter (potential20%). Show honest work and he'll help/guide to make sure you understand the requirements. Definitely prepares you for higher studies. inspires very thoughtful class discussion. (16%each) 2 x 5pg Papers, weekly quizzes, Midterm, Final.
3.5 : Good Prof. Knows his material focuses on minority issues in his Us Constitution Supreme Court Class. Wil grant extensions provided you talk with him more than a week in advance
5.0 : Takes attendance, but not sure why. Maybe it falls under participation? That being said, if you don't show up to lecture, you probably won't do the reading, and if you don't do the reading, you're not gonna like the outcome. Super engaging, intelligent, and willing to give you the tools to succeed, but it's not easy.
5.0 : He's a great professor and the class is definitely challenging.  If you want an easy class this isn't necessarily it but it's not too difficult.  I didn't really do any of the reading and was able to get a B but I already had a lot of prior information on the constitution since I'm a poli sci major and history buff.  If you want an A then read.
4.0 : I enjoyed this class.  Clear exam preparation, lots of feedback on writing and was supportive of office hours and helping with writing about history even for non history majors.
2.5 : Professor Stein was very organized with his course, but he is an extremely tough grader. He tries his best to prepare his students by giving the essay and exam prompts ahead of time. However, he is a really strict grader when it comes to papers, and the exams are 5 short answers and 2 inclass essays. This was my toughest class, would not take again
3.0 : Very, very, very, difficult if you're a student that's used to not putting in work. Tests are all short answer and essays. You can write everything correct on his tests, but if you don't answer the way he wants you to answer, you won't get a good grade. Go to his office hours, put in the work, and may the odds be ever in your favor.
2.5 : She's seems like a good teacher in some ways but we've been doing the same topic for the past 3 essays, and she doesn't respond with feedback on our essays until a month or more later.  I get it that she has a whole lot of other students to grade too but then again she shouldn't assign such big papers if she isn't able to manage it at the time
4.5 : Emma assigns long papers due in a shot period of time. But she does help help students when in need for help or clarification. She might extend essay if asked with a good reason why. The midterm and final is a portfolio with revisions of previous essays with a feedback paper along with it.
1.0 : Assigns long papers that are due within a short period of time hands them back a month later with vague feedback. Often has last minute class cancellations that usually occur during the early hours of the morning. Says class participation matters but there is rarely time to participate. Hated the class she made me despise writing, used to love it.
4.0 : She's hot and wants you to pass but also is not the most intriguing lecturer
5.0 : She's a great teacher that gives good feedback! She's very passionate about what she does so she is hard on you because she know you can always do better. I would definitely take her again!
5.0 : Took her for both 114 &amp; 214. Her papers seem long, but the first time you turn it in it's considered a rough draft. There's a midterm/final portfolio where you revise those drafts &amp; turn them in for a real grade. Lots of writing, but as long as you're putting in effort she'll help you. Never thought I'd like a writing class until I took it w/ her!
5.0 : Emma is  great and passionate instructor. It's very easy to tell that she definitely cares for her student's education. She  assignes essays of course, but her expectations are very clear. Her feedback is great as she points out specific parts in one's paper she wants you to adjust. Take her, you will grow as a writer.
5.0 : Highly recommend enrolling in her class. She really cares about her students and is really passionate about what she does.
1.0 : Professor Remick assigns 8 page essays every couple of weeks. She only gives you a couple of days to complete your paper and turn in the final draft. She assigns long readings and makes you annotate them. She cancels class all the time, but if you miss class for any reason, she gets very angry. Avoid this teacher unless you love writing papers.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Super helpful and very clear about her expectations. Yeah, she gives a decent work load, but nothing crazy. I highly recommend.
5.0 : Really passionate professor who cares about her students! The class is challenging but my writing completely transformed by the end of the class. She gives really great feedback and is super helpful in office hours. I can't recommend her enough!!!
4.5 : Only negative is she cancels class a lot.
4.5 : Emma is always willing to help you improve your essays, so go to her office hours! There is a lot of work in this class and the texts are difficult. Do not skip class because participation is part of your grade! Come prepared! If you do not turn in one big assignment your chances of passing this class is slim, but overall she is a great teacher.
5.0 : This class had a lot of reading and quite a few essays. Go to her office hours!! She gives AMAZING and HELPFUL feedback that will improve your essay, as long as you put in the effort. This definitely wasn't an easy class, but she helps SO much, you just need to ask her. She actually cares about her students! Participation and attendance is crucial!
4.0 : Emma by far, is one of the most supportive and welcoming professors I know. She has never turned me away when I needed help and she's one of the few professors I can talk about with subjects other than English or school. She respects raw character and likes to see writing that's straight forward. High recommendation, VERY INSPIRING!
5.0 : The best professor I had all semester. Emma was very approachable and will help you with your work. She cares about your writing more than she should as an English professor with over a hundred students. Pretty much all of her students from this semester signed up for her Eng 214 class next semester so that comes to show how well she teaches!
5.0 : Emma is super cool and gives very good feedback. Her classes are important, so if you skip, you miss out on information and resources. Her resources are super helpful for essays and there is a lot of group time during class. The only bad part is you write long papers in a short amount of time, so it can get kinda stressful.
5.0 : Emma is  one of those teacher you can go right up to and say you wrote a crappy draft and she won't get upset, instead she'll help you.  She helped me become a better writer.  She really cares about her students and almost all of her students signed up to take her class next semester.   Show up to class because participation counts.
5.0 : Really awesome professor that actually cares about you. The topics she covers are really interesting, we got to analyze Tupac and Beyonce as an assignment! You get to basically choose your own essay prompts and she gives super helpful feedback. The class is challenging but she's approachable so just ask for help. Would totally take her again!!
5.0 : His class was easy to do well in, and he's a good teacher. He allows students to use MATLAB on the exams so you'll have a chance to learn it if you haven't already. His practice exams are very close to the actual exams. He prepared well organized PDF handouts that were super helpful. I wouldn't recommend buying the textbook. Light Workload.
5.0 : Dr. Tabib is a gifted instructor. His presentation of extremely complex material is aided by well-organized handouts and examples. The material is challenging, but the course is set up to encourage student success.
5.0 : She is great professor! All her lectures are accessible online on ilearn and she lets you turn in late homework for half credit. Her tests are straight off her lectures and homework. She is a def a gem of a professor especially since SFSU lacks good engineer professors.
5.0 : Very smart woman, doesn't try to stump you on exams, pretty clear and straightforward. As long as you do the assignments you should be fine.
5.0 : Pretty easy class. You mostly just sit there and drink it in plus a few easy homework assignments. Also the chili pepper is for real, she is one hot little pocket!
5.0 : Super Easy just attend class and do the 4 or 5 assignment she assigns. she understands that Engineering is really hard so she gives you a little work as possible so that you can focus on your other courses.
5.0 : Loved the material in each class.  Great for Freshmen still learning how to manage college life.  Good for networking as well.  She clearly loves what she does and wants to share it with her students.
4.0 : Bill Bray is passionate when it comes to conflict resolution. He talks about a lot of personal stories within the semester but they surprisingly correlate with the curriculum very well. If you have a question, he'll try his best to help you understand the concept. Participation within class isn't normally required but it does help in understanding.
4.0 : He is a very engaging professor, promoting great class discussion. Allows students to make arguments for receiving more points on homework assignments. BUT he often teaches in a unnecessarily binary way. His perspective is somewhat narrow, and he expects specific answers in paper and quizzes, even when the answer is clearly subjective.
5.0 : One of the best professors at sfsu I would take his class again. He kept the class short and simple. He made the classroom comfortable and made it seem like he really cares about teaching and his students.
4.5 : Bill is a really great guy! As someone who hates public speaking, he made this class the best it could be. Very helpful in giving advice and helps you to relax and not stress. Also gives great feedback and is so encouraging! Lectures drag on for a quite some time, but only three speeches all year, and a super easy take home or group final
5.0 : Literally Bill is the greatest and changed my life.  Such an amazing Professor, if you are a Comm major you HAVE to take him.
5.0 : Bill Bray ROCKS!! His lectures are fantastic.  He respects the students and they most certainly respect him too!!! Class becomes a community, and we learn from the great material, and the energized atmosphere Bill Bray creates!!! One of the most dedicated teachers I have had the privilege of meeting!!!
5.0 : Bill Bray is an amazing teacher that truly cares about teaching his students how to manage conflict professionally and in their everyday lives. He is reasonable with his assignments, gives clear grading criteria, and is very fair. He does not allow cell phones or laptops, so if you are someone who likes to use technology  I would avoid his class.
4.5 : I was hesitant to take this class because I didn't know what to expect, but this class is pretty straight-forward. There are weekly discussions posts and you need to respond to others, too. Weekly quizzes (20 questions), a midterm, and a final. No essays but there is a lot of writing (the discussion posts). I would take her again! I learned a lot!
4.0 : Class has lots of information, it somewhat hard but interesting. There are weekly quizzes and discussion forums. Listen to the videos and you will do well on the quizzes. Read the book and you will do well on the discussion forums. She is VERY flexible an understands the class is not easy.  Do the optional essay got an A and am a horrible writer.
5.0 : I have taken more than 4 courses with Professor Frey. She is incredibly knowledgeable, and is the best online  teacher.  She respects students opinions but gives very insightful feedback. You do have to make sure to participate in the online discussions and do  the quizzes but she makes her criteria for getting a good grade very clear.
5.0 : Awesome professor and lectures. Diane understands the class can be difficult, but is always willing to help. Grade is based on discussion forums, quizzes, and two exams. She made the class overall interesting and is open to many different life perspectives on the topics covered. As long as you follow the criteria, you'll pass. Highly recommended!
5.0 : Awesome professor. Clear and concise lectures along with the reading, forum, quiz each week as well as two exams (either a paper or MC exam). Diane gives AMAZING feedback and is very respectful of everyone's opinions and cares for her students. Clear grading criteria - As long as you do all the work, you should get an A. Highly recommended!
5.0 : I have had Diane teach multiple classes and loved all of them. I will warn students tough LABR 555 was harder than any of the previous classes I've taken with her. It's a medium level class for difficulty.
5.0 : Diane is a great and knowledgable professor. She respects student's opinions. Lectures are concise along with the interesting reading assigned. Grade is based on weekly discussion (and response to others), quizzes, midterm and final. Even offered extra credit from time to time. Do all the work and you'll get an A. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Really enjoyed Diane's class as it opened my eyes to many different perspectives. Great lectures &amp; materials that relate to them. Very respectful of student opinions. Amazing feedback that it motivates the student to improve as a writer. Grade based on discussion forums, quizzes &amp; 2 exams. Do all the work and you'll get an A. Highly recommended
5.0 : Great teacher. So far I've taken 3 of his classes and all of them were concise and well taught. Would highly recommend any of his classes.
5.0 : Lectures can be a little dry but Dr. Stawski is a really nice guy. All of the material is on powerpoints, so if you miss class you're out of luck. Tests were not too difficult, few various assignments, and one annotated bibliography due at the end of the semester. He is very helpful and really knows archaeology. I would take him again!
4.5 : Pretty chill professor.  Show up to class since the tests incorporates his lectures + book. Grades based on attendance, 3 tests (combo of MC+short answer+essay), in class assignments (assigned randomly throughout the semester. we had 4), 1 final paper. He will give you a study guide for the exams.
3.0 : It is very apparent that Stawski has not taught statistics in the past. However, he did an "ok" attempt at trying to teach it. It was also very obvious that he was annoyed with students who asked for help. I did not appreciate that. Other than that, the lectures were good and the assignments really helped me learn the basics of SPSS.
5.0 : One of my favprite anthropology professors! I have had 3 classes with Dr. Stawski so far at state (Anth. statistic, Arch. methods, Arch. of Mexico), and all of those classes were well taught, engaging, and interesting. He is also very helpful if you have any questions. I would highly recommend any of his classes!
4.5 : Profesor Stawski is awesome and a really great teacher. Took him this past semester for 652 and also took him for 470 last fall. He's very knowledgeable and always willing to help his students. His lectures are clear and concise and he truly helps if you email/ask- even in a difficult class like anthro stats. One of the best in the anthro dept.
5.0 : Prof. Stawski taught Anthropological Statistics for the first time this past semester and was following the lesson plans of the Anthro Dept teacher who was on sabbatical. So it was a bit of a learning experience for him in terms of the approach to the class. But he is obviously very comfortable and accomplished with the subject. Good teacher.
5.0 : Really regret not filling out an SFSU teacher evaluation so I'll leave my thoughts here. Stawski is a crystal clear lecturer and he's very available for questions. He also gives out very detailed study guides and goes over them so that students are as prepared as possible for exams. He is very fair w/ students. More professors can learn from him.
4.0 : SCHONBERG IS THE BOMB! Extremely talented photojournalist, by far one of the best professors I've taken at state. He makes his classes personable and interesting. Really cares about his students. Super laid back. Doesn't mess around when it comes to assigning long papers. Takes attendance, in a fun way. Lectures are very insightful and engaging.
1.0 : I've taken two of his classes. The first one was good, I hated this one and I'm glad I changed my major.
4.0 : Cool guy, laid back and makes bad jokes. Will talk about his Homeless Heroin Addict book a lot, but it's genuinely interesting &amp; not some shameless plug. Lectures can vary from interesting to dear god let it end. Bring snacks &amp; water. Dude's very casual with email. You'll watch parts of movies in class sometimes.
4.0 : Lots of reading
4.0 : His lectures are super long and most of the time he's just babbling on which is fine but it is just a lot of readings and there is a short quiz every class.
4.0 : I FREAKING LOVE THIS GUY. He is just awesome and is understanding of busy schedules so he doesn't assign too much. His stories are awesome and honestly this 3 hour lecture goes by so fast because what he is talking about is interesting and he is passionate about what he does. Answers all questions clearly and strives to make sure you understand.
5.0 : Really an excellent teacher. By far one of the best I have had at State as well as in my entire academic experience. He will make you love anthropology and make you want to make a difference in the world, and maybe even change your major!
4.5 : Really interesting guy, cares a lot about his students and is passionate about other human being in general, and so talented. One of the best teachers I've had at state.
3.0 : I feel like Schonberg is a great anthropologist. However, he isn't the absolute greatest at teaching. The assignment directions were so vague and difficult to understand. He was very helpful and answering questions, despite this, though. There is a lot of reading and we watched a few weird videos. It was fun learning how to use adobe premiere too.
5.0 : He's really funny and my favorite part of his class is his dad jokes. This class requires you to do the reading because there are quizzes almost every week. He's very understanding and kind. He takes attendance at the end of class. The midterm wasn't too hard. He talks a lot about his work in the field and is very knowledgeable.
4.5 : Jeff is awesome. Understanding. Open to different viewpoints. Encourages discussion. Grade is based off some response papers due over the semester, a midterm, final paper, and participation/attendance. He truly tries to make the class interested. Did his best to accommodate me given some issues I was having during semester. Take!
5.0 : I've taken three of Professor Emir's classes so far in my college career, and although she consistently assigns difficult texts and assigns difficult papers accordingly, you get an exceptionally good quality of education and her passion for teaching and the content is nearly unparalleled. Take her class for a challenging learning experience.
5.0 : work hard and it'll pay off. People always complain about classes being hard but if you put in the time and go to office hours then you will see it reflect.
3.0 : One of the most painful classes I have ever taken.  He's a new teacher and it shows.  He isn't very concise or straightforward, his lectures are long and he tries to pack in too much information for a single class period.  That being said, if you want to pass his class go to office hours and read the book.  He is much better one on one.  Good luck!
5.0 : Sukh is an amazing professor! Shes so sweet and willing to help with whatever questions you have. This class is easy, but you do have to work for your grade. You cant do nothing and expect a good grade.  Overall, work assigned was easy and lectures were pretty interesting.
4.5 : Very good teacher. She is awesome.
4.5 : I took Sukh for Epi and she is a very good professor. You cant expect to do nothing and get a good grade. There are 3 quizzes,  some group handouts, a midterm paper and a final exam.  Sukh is very helpful and sweet. The first day of school I thought she was one of the students! Overall, class was very interesting!
5.0 : Sukh is a great teacher. Not easy but she tells you exactly what is expected. If you do the work and use some insight on your own you will learn the material and pass with a good grade.
5.0 : BEST LAB PROFESSOR EVER! You'll learn a lot from his lecture/lab about Microbiology.
4.5 : Great Professor.  I learned a lot in his class and he made microbio. easy to understand.  His lectures are clear and very concise.  He expects you to know only what he talks about in class so the book isn't necessary unless you want to do some extra studying - that being said you need to go to class.  I would recommend recording his lectures.
4.0 : VISIT THE WRITING LAB or have someone prof read your assignments,  I'm still beating my self up for letting the A- slide due to sloppy sentence redaction, Armin is a great professor he gets to know his students and is there to help them when they need it, work with someone on the quizzes easy points.
4.0 : Dr Armin is a great guy. That said he was difficult on grading papers, and because this is a GWAR class you are writing a lot.
5.0 : One the best classes I have ever taken. Material is dense but he presents it in an organized fashion. Lectures are fun. Exams are challenging but also fun.
5.0 : A generous, hardworking teacher who wants you to succeed!  Thoughtful lectures.  She is a "must have" teacher -- you will learn the reading and writing skills necessary to be successful in all your other classes.  Interesting assignments and great class discussions.  As in everything, you get out of this class what you put into it!  Fun textbook.
5.0 : I took English 104 105 with her and she's extremely nice and helpful. She is dedicated to keep everyone on track in class, so attendance is a must in order to get a good grade in class. She's very good at reminding her students with assignments. . Overall, she will challenge you to an extent where you would actually improve and not fail.
5.0 : She is an amazing Professor. She is clear,caring, fun, concise and interesting. She has great personality and she'd be there to teach you on office hours and guide you through your writing skills.  I recommend you to take her classes if you're going to Mesa College. At the end you'll learn a lot. But beware, she expects hard work and results.
5.0 : Taking her class was probably the easiest A I have ever gotten ever since I started school. She's hot and super chill. We take the easiest quizzes on a reading and current events throughout the whole semester so stay on top of that and just make sure you do your outline and speeches and you'll get an A. Honestly wish I could take her again.
5.0 : He is a great teacher and a very passionate one, he is well prepared and makes the class very interactive. He is also truly helpful and kind, you should take this class of you want to be inspired and have a good laugh often.
5.0 : His classes are very funny and interesting, keeps students engaged
5.0 : Kypros is a really great guy and it shows in his teaching style. He would always make sure we would understand everything from the texts we were reading, and would foster debate and discussion amongst the class. I'd recommend him for any introductory Philosophy class!
5.0 : I took this class just for a GE, but I honestly don't regret. He is seriously one of the most inspirational people and a prime example of sticking to what you are passionate about. philosophy was never a subject I enjoyed but he really opened my eyes to it with his fun and relatable lecturers. definitely take him!
5.0 : Great lecturer. Came prepared every class and kept students engaged. A bond started to grow throughout the semester with his students. Highly recommended.
4.5 : This guy knows his Philosophy. He makes learning it fun and retainable. He likes interacting with students and encourages class discussionsdebates. He is willing to assist anyone willing to learn.
5.0 : I loved his class from beginning to end. He is prepared every class with reviews of the readings, and enjoys having an engaging conversationdebate with students. I highly recommend him because his eagerness while lecturing is inspiring. He is also full of stories.
5.0 : Posts all lecture slides, extra video help, extra cramming review for practicals and lecture tests. If you don't take Jackie for you lab instructor for all those reasons, take her because she's always excited to teach, always happy, and above all wants all her students to succeed. DOPEST lab instructor, you won't be disappointed.
5.0 : One of the sweetest and funniest teachers I've ever had. She seems to really care about her students grades and is always willing to help if you feel confused or behind.
4.0 : ASL was a lot harder than I had expected but Sandra was very helpful and went through things well. It wont take long for your confusion in ASL to become you laughing as what she is saying. You have to stay on top on the work loud and practice the language or you will fall behind.
5.0 : MUST GO TO CLASS!! Exams are challenging, but if you practice practice practice, you will pass no problem! Sandra is a GREAT professor, I highly recommend! Must do homework before each class and make sure to practice outside of class! Such a fun class and loved learning about Deaf culture! TAKE SANDRA!! :)
5.0 : I love Sandra! She's a really caring and sweet professor. She takes the time to make sure you understand the material. I'm always laughing and the class is a real stress reliever. Be sure to not miss class &amp; always pay attention because missing just one thing can really set you back. Definitely would take it again!
5.0 : I took Sandra for my first ASL class and I LOVED her! I wish I had taken this class sooner so I could take ASL 2 but I am graduating. There is a lot of homework but it really helps learning. She goes slow and is will really take the time to explain and make sure you understand what is going on. I would definitely take her again!
4.0 : Sandra is great ! She really wants you to learn and is very helpful when you ask for help. Do your homework before class and always attend you don't want to miss out on any cool sign!
5.0 : She is a wonderful professor. The class goes by so fast but she is always willing to help. Visit her during office hours and let her know what you are struggling with. She is very sweet, and smart. I would take her class again if I had to.
4.0 : Professor Germinaro's ASL class teaches a lot. She begins the first day of class with a translator, but for the rest of her class there is ZERO talking and it relies solely on ASL. The course has 5 exams which make up your entire grade. Homework and participation/attendance are required but do not contribute to class total. It is not an easy A.
5.0 : An overall amazing and inspirational teacher would recommend to anyone wanting to learn ASL.
5.0 : Sandra is incredibly nice! The first day there is a translator, but the remainder of the semester without - wholly immersing you in ASL culture. Attendance is important since she reviews much of what the homework teaches.  She's not too responsive via email, but is super helpful if you drop by her office hours. She doesn't judge you either!
5.0 : Sandra is an incredible professor, she is very passionate and deeply cares about her students and makes sure they grasp concepts. She is very enthusiastic and has a great attitude while teaching. She has also has a  great sense of humor! The class was wonderful, I would highly recommend taking this class with Sandra!
4.0 : She is a great professor! she's really passionate about what she teaches. she is a tough professor but its completely worth it! she gives a good amount of homework so be prepared to study. homework doesn't count but you would get a deduction if its not done. Overall I recommend her!
3.0 : - ATTEND CLASS  - KEEP UP WITH WORKBOOK AND VIDEOS  - GO TO OFFICE HOURS AND ASK FOR HELP
5.0 : Learning ASL from someone who's deaf themselves makes the learning experience much more special and personal first of all. She shared personal experiences and a passion to teach us that can sometimes be hard to find in a professor. She comes to class always energized and ready to help us learn, always laughing and making sure we understand material
5.0 : She is very strict about attendance! Must buy the textbook as all homework is done in the book. She makes learning ASL fun, lots of class activities. She can't hear you but she SEES everything! If I wasn't graduating this semester I would take her again for ASL 2. She is fantastic!
5.0 : She made learning ASL fun. She is hilarious and proud and really wants you to learn. Yes, you have to buy the book new. Yes, you have to show up to class. Yes, you can't use your voice while in her class room. Yes, it's hard. But show up, practice, do your homework and you'll be fine :) She wants you to pass!
5.0 : Sandra is one of the nicest professors I have had here at SF state. I would highly recommend taking her! Her class is never boring and goes by super quickly.
5.0 : Sandra is a great and enthusiastic instructor! She demonstrated passion for teaching ASL. She definitely wants all her students to focus and engage during the course (i mean is it the best way of learning). I highly recommend taking her course. YOU WILL LEARN A LOT! It's VERY interesting!
4.0 : Professor Germinaro is an extremely kind and helpful professor. When I first came to her class I was nervous at the thought that we would no longer have an interpreter after day one. I eventually grew to like the idea, because it really helped me dive into the world of ASL. I recommend the course and will be taking ASL 2 if I get the chance!
5.0 : She introduces and welcomes us to Deaf world by giving Deaf culture. Her passion makes my heart move on. She's helpful if you have trouble learning class and communicate with her. If you want to learn Deaf culture, you should take her classes!
5.0 : Sandra is an amazing teacher who is truly passionate about ASL and her class. She updates iLearn regularly, much more consistent than any teacher I've had.  You really do need to complete the book homework- it will help you in so many ways. She does grade this daily, just on if you've completed it or not. I am now out of space to write any more.
4.0 : Sandra is a good teacher, but she treats her students as if we're in high school. She will not let the class leave early, and if you are late she marks you with half attendance. There is a lot of papers required that MUST be properly cited every single time, but she does let you go back to correct your work. Overall, frustrating, but good.
5.0 : Took her ASL 1 class and I loved the way she taught the class. I notice that she was teaching SPED 662 and I added her class right away. Her class on Deaf and Hard of Hearing children are interesting and eye opening. Taking notes and doing the readings will help you with the test.
4.0 : nothing to say about this professor because she is a cool professor.
4.0 : Sandra is a great ASL teacher. Yes, she makes sure you pay attention, so that means no phones, and it's common respect anyhow. She assigns homework most, if not all, days but it's really nothing you can't handle.  Also, don't be scared to ask questions. She's really passionate and has a great sense of humor. I thoroughly enjoyed her class.
5.0 : Sandra is a great charismatic professor who takes no BS but is still very understanding. Homework heavy because you need to practice for  the content to stick, participation matters so you need to show up and attendance counts
5.0 : Learning a new language is hard but Sandra makes learning ASL fun! You do need to show up to class because you will fall behind if you don't. Practicing is a must in order to understand the material and pass. Would definitely recommend to others and I might possibly take ASL 2 in the future!
5.0 : Highly recommend taking Sandra for ASL. Not only will you learn, but you will also enjoy it. Go to class because attendance and participation are important.
5.0 : Sandra is one of the sweetest Professor I've ever had!  Her class was kind of difficult for me, but she was ALWAYS there help! Don't be shy. Attendants and homework both counts toward the final grade, make the effort to pay attention in class and you will pass this class with some awesome knowledge of ASL!!
4.0 : I took Sandra for level 3 ASL and learned more from her than I did with my previous two ASL teachers. I find her teaching style to be very effective. Do the homework and attend class and you should be fine. Also, don't forget to participate - its a big part of your grade.
5.0 : She's strict on attendance and really encourages class participation. A lot of papers but she gives you plenty of time to complete them. She's very passionate about the subject matter and that's what keeps your attention! If you get confused just email her, she's very helpful. Would definitely take her again!
5.0 : This class is a MUST TAKE. Sandra is a passionate teacher and it really rubs off on all her students. She is supportive and always eager to hear student feedbacks. Class participation is a must, which is easy since her lectures are always so interesting!  Be prepared for long exams and keeping up with the readings. I definitely would recommend.
5.0 : ASL 1 was amazing! I loved taking her class because she teaches you not just the language, but the culture of how to use it properly. Yes, ASL is something completely different then your typical 'language' class but it is so worth it! She is open to questions and assures that all of the students are all on the same level.
5.0 : Ms. Germinaro was really animated, funny, and patient with students. You're not allowed to use your voice in class, which helps you immerse in ASL including Deaf Culture. I felt I learned a lot from her class and I even started dreaming in ASL! Definitely recommend this class and hope I can take another course with her.
5.0 : Sandra is very sweet. Not the easiest grader but definitely a beneficial class
5.0 : Take her ASL 1 class, Sandra is amazing! She only communicates through ASL or if you write to her, so be aware of that. Other than that, show up to class on time and do the work and ASL isn't going to be too bad. Practicing frequently and asking questions for clarifications is the way to get a good grade in this class.
4.0 : Excellent professor! I took ASL for 3 years in high school and this course was a great refresher. The structure of the course is brilliant, I learned so much even with my ASL background. New Book needed. Exams are difficult, mostly because there is so much to cover. Overall excellent!
5.0 : SPED 0688-03 is a difficult to learn but Mrs. Germinaro is a great teacher . If you have any questions or if you need clarifications , she will answer and make sure you understand before she moves on to teach something else. Also, try not to miss class because you will fall behind.
5.0 : I love Sandra! I will definitely take ASL 2 when I get the chance. She is very caring, sweet, and understanding about our lives outside the classroom. She was always glad to help with any questions about ASL. The course material isn't heavy but you definitely should not miss class. Overall she's a gem. TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU CAN!
5.0 : Sandra is an amazing teacher! She makes sure that everyone understands what she is teaching and respects everyone's opinion. I definitely got a better understanding of the Deaf culture. She isn't too much of a tough grader, but her exams can be difficult (multiple choice) so you NEED to study.  Overall, I highly recommend her class!
5.0 : Professor Germinaro is delightful and funny. She is patient for those who may take a little longer to catch on to signing new signs and always asks if we have any questions. She is more than happy to assist and is always offering her office hours if anybody needs extra help.
5.0 : Sandra is amazingly funny and helpful to all students, it's so fun to take her class and I learned a lot. You definitely need to go to class or you will fall behind and there's homework every day you need to keep up on. As long as you try and pay attention you will do just fine in this class though.
5.0 : If you want to learn ASL and more about the Deaf community take this class! Sandra is an awesome professor. Passionate and caring. She wants everyone to learn  and succeed. She is happy to slow down and repeat signs for those who are struggling. Really enjoyed my time in this class. Will be taking ASL 2 with her next semester!!
4.0 : She is an amazing teacher who makes sure that everyone in the class is on the same page before moving on. She is very funny and makes the class a lot of fun and ASL easy to learn. Having the textbook is a must because it is also a work book. I would highly recommend taking her if you want to learn ASL.
4.0 : Sandra is a great instructor, she really wants you to learn the language she uses daily. If you ask her for help, she will definitely help you in any way she can. Attendance is important! If you miss one day, you have a lot to teach yourself to catch up. But overall, I highly recommend this class.
5.0 : I definitely recommend taking ASL, especially with Sandra. You don't have to take notes; just sit and really pay attention to absorb all the new signs. Sandra is very approachable. Not an easy A, you definitely have to work for it. Hardest part would be recognizing what is being signed because it gets faster, especially fingerspelling.
5.0 : Sandra is amazing! I learned a lot on how to teach  Deaf &amp; HoH children She opened my eyes to a lot of misconceptions on Deaf and HH people; she is very kind, caring &amp; makes sure that everyone's questions are answered. She also welcomes any any all comments. A lot of reflection papers but gives a lot of time to complete. Would take this class again
4.0 : Sandra is definitely a great teacher, I learned so much. She has a very effective teaching style. However, I will say that you need to make sure to go to class (and pay attention) because you will fall behind very quickly if you miss a class.
5.0 : I love taking that class, had a blast taking her class. She has a bubbly personality. Taking her class there isn't any notes to take, since it is visual and interactive; we have a workbook to do hw and base vocabs on everyother day. Attendance is mandatory, 2 excused absents. final, ASL story, and midterm is difficult if you don't study.
5.0 : I would definitely take Professor Germinaro again. She is very patient with all of her students and gives great lectures.
5.0 : Sandra Is an AMAZING teacher!!!! I recommend her 100%! As long as you go to the classes and participate in class, you'll be fine!  If you're struggling with the signs, she will make sure you understand before she moves on. She has a No Talking policy once you enter the classroom. She is deaf but I was able to understand her perfectly.
5.0 : Sandra is a great teacher! She is always there to help her students and her classes are always fun and interesting. I was a little worried about the exams but she gives us enough time to prepare. I highly recommend her class! You'll learn so much!
4.0 : Sandra was an amazing teacher. ASL can get difficult but she is very helpful. As long as you keep up with the work and participate in class this class will be fun. Especially when you start understand it you will find Sandra is very funny.
4.0 : She is a great professor but just showing up and doing the homework will not get you an A. You have to study outside of class and memorize the ASL signs. She's accessible outside of class so go to office hours.
3.5 : Takes attendance. Attend one Deaf eventwrite a response paper, about five 2-3 page papers, take home midterm (essay), individual project (powerpoint), group project, and final (essay.) No extra credit. Easy grader. Very sweet and kind! Passionate about subject, but lectures can be dull. Class is in ASL, with interpreters speaking English.
5.0 : The best teacher I've ever had. The  class became more of a family and community all helping one another and it's a very social class.
5.0 : Sandra is amazing! She really wants everyone to succeed and gave us so many opportunities to raise our grade.  I'm a horrible test taker but still have a pretty good grade in the class, because she puts a lot of other options out there to raise your grade.  Make sure you do ASL videos on time, don't use your voice in class, and participate!
5.0 : Sandra was amazing! Made learning an otherwise challenging language really fun.  I recommend taking her 100%.  Even if you're not a great test taker, she gives you a lot of other ways to pass and get an A!
5.0 : Sandra is awesome! She's  very kind and understanding that ASL can be difficult. She's very welcoming during her office hours. Made learning ASL fun. Put in the hard work and you will be fine in her class. Will miss her greatly as an instructor next semester.
5.0 : Sandra was an amazing teacher for my ASL 1 class, it was a beginning course and I was really intimidated, but she always checks on each student in class to see if they're on the right track. She is also very passionate about her Deaf culture and makes the class very enjoyable especially with some of her personal stories!
5.0 : I loved taking ASL with Sandra Germinaro! Showing up to class wasn't a problem because she really engaged her students and it was fun learning ASL. She's great and understanding and I highly recommend taking it with her!
2.0 : She assigns homework every single night and there is at least one quiz a week, if not two. I felt she was too tough of a grader considering it was a beginners ASL course. I felt grossly unprepared for the midterm and final even though I showed up to every class and did the homework. I wouldn't take this class again.
4.0 : I love taking ASL I with Sandra! She is incredibly funny and energetic and passionate and kind. This class is not an easy one, however! You have to show up to learn the vocab and the grammar, you have to do the homework to hone your understanding, and you have to practice practice practice! Also, don't be a jerk and talk in class, bc she's Deaf.
5.0 : Take her if you ever have the chance! Honestly one of the best professors I've had. Very knowledgeable, helpful, and always made class entertaining. Throughout this course you'll learn so much  and Sandra is an amazing instructor very hard working and passionate about what she teaches.
5.0 : One of the most wonderful professors I've ever had. She is quite knowledgeable and tries to help you out as much as she can (meeting outside of class, giving you signs, repeating missed information,  etc.). The class moves fast but so long as you go to class you will learn A LOT. Take her for ASL if you can!!!! It was great.
5.0 : Sandra is an amazing professor and extremely kind and caring. It's easy to pay attention in class because very enthusiastic and keeps the class engaged. This class does get difficult as the semester ends as there is a lot of information and not enough time, but show up to every class and you should pass
4.0 : I had always wanted to learn ASL and Professor Germinaro made it relatively easy and enjoyable! I'm glad I took her class!
4.0 : the course is made up of homework, a midterm and a final. the tests are the majority of your grade.
5.0 : Professor Germinaro is so kind and enthusiastic while teaching. She makes sure all students are understanding the material through out lectures. There is homework assigned daily but it's bearable. Complete homework assignments, go to class, and practice a lot and you'll do just fine. So glad I took her class!
5.0 : Professor Germinator is very passionate about educating her students about ASL and the Deaf community and I really appreciate that. One suggestion I have is maybe to new pictures of other signs besides what the book gives. There is a lot of homework and exams so study and do your best. She is very understanding. Take her class!
5.0 : Professor Germinaro is a very rare find on any campus, but a true pleasure to have at SFSU. She is one of my two favorite SFSU professors by far. If you have ever been interested in American Sign Language (ASL) or Deaf Culture, this is absolutely the professor with which to take that class. You will work very hard, but you will totally adore her!
5.0 : Professor Sandra is one of the best professors i've ever had. This class is by far one of the best classes I've taken at SFSU. She's very helpful and reasonable and cares about her students. Plus she's hilarious and always finds a way to make her lectures fun. And as long as you take time to study and memorize the signs you will pass the class.
5.0 : I agree with other students that this class requires a lot of homework &amp;amp; attendance/participation is mandatory. If you aren't just looking for an easy &amp;quot;A&amp;quot; and really want to learn American Sign Language, take an ASL class with Professor Germinaro! She is really patient, understanding, and you can tell she enjoys teaching people her language.
5.0 : A really great class.
5.0 : Best ASL teacher ever. Always makes class fun and she is more than happy to give you help with the things you don't pick up the first time around.
5.0 : Professor Germinaro is awesome. She really takes the time to help her students and makes class feel comfortable and enjoyable.
5.0 : She is an amazing professor, I have had her twice now and I would still definitely take her again. She makes everyone feel comfortable and welcome into her class, she is very accommodating and wants every student to succeed. She is by far one of my favorite professors.
5.0 : I have taken Professor Germinaro for Sign Language 1. She is a really nice and funny professor. Even though lectures may be overwhelming, she is willing to spend office hours to help you. As I am taking her for Sign Language 2, I can say that you should take her. I would definitely take her again if she was to teach sign language 3.
5.0 : I'm at the tail end of her course and her class is easily one of my most favorite and memorable. Respect her rules, follow along, do homework, and you can't fail. Sandra is an excellent teacher that is passionate about her work and SFSU is lucky to have her.
5.0 : She is an AMAZING ASL teacher!! This was my first time learning ASL, and it was a great experience! Everyday I come to class wanting to learn more and she makes it so easy to learn! Just do the homework regularly (which isn't too hard), and participate during class with your peers! Her tests aren't hard if you follow along during class! 10/10 recom
5.0 : Sandra Germinaro is AMAZING. She is a tough grader but as long as you go to class &amp;amp; make the effort to learn you will do great! She is very patient, kind, funny, &amp;amp; so inspirational. You have to work for your grade and although learning ASL is difficult, she really makes it a fun and positive learning environment to help you do ur best.
5.0 : Professor Germinaro is one of the best. She's very patient, approachable, kind, and funny. She makes classes fun and cares about her students. She's definitely one of my favorite professors and would take her again if given the chance. Also, attendance, participation, and doing assignments are mandatory in order to learn the language.
5.0 : ASL wasn't my strongest subjects, but she inspired me to keep working and learning. There's a lot of work, but it's bearable. Professor Germinaro makes classes fun and engaging which makes attending each class worth it. She's very approachable, accommodating, and passionate. She also cares for her students and is passionate about what she teaches.
5.0 : THIS CLASS IS AWESOME! not only do you get to learn ASL, but you get to learn about Deaf culture and how to be a Deaf ally. ASL is visual language so it's important to come to each class, see the professor explain signs, and then get a chance to practice with your partner. There's a quiz at the beginning of each class, so make sure you review!
4.0 : This teacher has work to do but is doable! Homework and quiz almost every class. There is three test for the final (childhood story, interview, and comprehension exam)/ The Professor is very caring and wants you to learn. She is always there to help you and she has a very positive vibe. She makes you want to go and learn because of her positivity.
4.0 : She has many classes so she gets busy and may take time to reply via email. However, that does not prevent her from taking time to clarify concepts during class and office hours. Extremely accommodating. She is deaf, which allows for a more immersive/interactive experience with the language. You get the grade you work for.
5.0 : Sandra is a great ASL 1 professor, I went in knowing nothing and came out learning a LOT. ASL is a difficult subject so be prepared to put some time and effort into it. Sandra is helpful and wants you to succeed and really learn.
5.0 : She's great! First I thought it'll be hard considering that she's deaf and no other way of communication except ASL or writing but that didn't hinder my learning at all. It actually helps because I'm forced to use ASL and practice it. She's easy to understand and her class are fun! I love it and it made me consider continuing ASL.
4.0 : I enjoyed her class! You have to participate in the practices everyday. You get points for going to class and doing your homework from the book. There are quizzes almost every class period. She's very specific about what she wants, which I like. Ans she is very helpful and wants you to learn.
5.0 : Mrs Sandra Germinaro is the most amazing teacher and person I have meant.  I am over 60 years old and she made me feeling welcome and relax in the classroom.  I loved how she teach, she made it fun and everyone participate in the class projects.  If I didn't understand, she would repeat it until I did.  Sandra cares about all her students.
5.0 : She was really sweet If you don't go to class your grade will drop but she makes it fun
4.0 : Sandra really cares about her students. There is homework due every week since it is a language class. Textbook and DVD player is required. Attendance is mandatory or you will miss out on a lot of content. She is super funny and likes to see her students succeed.
5.0 : This class is challenging but do-able the professor really works with you and is available as long as you are ready to put in the work. Like any other language class, you'll need to put in time and effort so as long as you're willing, you will be fine.
5.0 : Sandra is awesome. She cares and wants all her students to succeed. She's friendly and very approachable. If you're struggling or have questions she's more than happy to help you 101. Attendance is mandatory. HW is assigned every class day. There's a narrative vide for 4 units (doable if you stay on track). Expect a couple quizzes and 2 big exams.
5.0 : She was a great professor. Always come to class because you will always be learning something new.
5.0 : She is just amazing. Her class is one of my stress reliever because her class is so fun and interesting. However, make sure you do all the HW on the book otherwise you will not get the grade you want.
5.0 : Sandra is soooo passionate about teaching and has become one of my favorite teachers at SFSU. She is Deaf which made me a little hesitant to take the class however, this truly enhanced my learning because it allowed me to practice more and truly immerse in ASL and learn about Deaf culture. Learned ASL faster than I learned Spanish lol! MUST TAKE!
5.0 : This is my second semester with Sandra (ASL 1 and now ASL2). Coming to class and participating is KEY! you will learn new material everyday but she makes it fun. This class is alot of work but you are learning a whole new language. Lots of homework from book, 4 unit videos &amp; 3 part final but Sandra is helpful and wants everyone to pass her class
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I have ever had.  Sandra's energy and passion for her course make the class an absolute joy to attend, and there is never a moment where your efforts go unappreciated.  Her pace is steady, and her humor helps lighten the stress of learning another language.  10/10, would HIGHLY recommend as a professor.
4.0 : Sandra is such an amazing ASL teacher. This was my first ASL class and it was by far my favorite class during the semester. If I was a Special Education major, I would HIGHLY suggest that you take ASL 1 and 2 with Sandra. She's really caring about her students and wanting to make sure you pass!
5.0 : Ms Germinaro is awesome, funny, and engaging, but will call you out (not verbally, of course :) ) if you look at your phone or chat in class. This is not an easy A, but she really wants her students to succeed if they are willing to put a reasonable amount of time into learning this unique and fascinating form of communication.
5.0 : Professor Germinaro takes great pride in teaching and her students.  She is very,very patient and encouraging.  She's available when you need her and will take extra time before and after class to work with you.  I was very comfortable in her class and would take her class again.  She's a genuine person and a great professor.
5.0 : Germinaro is very helpful in class and answers any questions that you might have. If you struggle it's best to go to her office hours because it's difficult to reach her at her email. Her class is very straight forward. She assigns homework every night, gives a few quizzes on the lessons, one midterm, 3 stories to sign, and a final.
5.0 : Professor Germinaro is a great ASL teacher! You can always ask her to repeat a sign &amp; she is very helpful. She is Deaf but that is not really a problem with this class. It's better to immerse yourself in ASL as it is a completely different language. There is hw due every class period and it varies but it will always pertain to what you're learning.
5.0 : Professor Germinaro is a very effective at teaching ASL &amp; immersing you into ASL. Be ready to really pay attention the entire class or else you won't learn the signs. Homework is assigned for every class &amp; you're required to buy a book with a DVD included. Quizzes almost every class! Professor is a very sweet and funny lady, &amp; wants you to succeed.
5.0 : Sandra gave several opportunities for you to practice your ASL with your other classmates and also helps you with your signing and conversational skills but you will only benefit from this class if you attend class. Learning from the book is not as efficient as attending class and learning and practicing in person.
5.0 : I'm glad I had the amazing opportunity to take Sandra's class. She will work with you &amp; make sure that you have every chance to learn ASL and understand it. Her classroom is very welcoming, and she'll try her best to communicate with you. If you keep up with the homework and go to every class then you'll pass. Take her class &amp; you won't regret it.
5.0 : Compared to my first ASL professor, Sandra Germinaro made learning ASL fun and engaging. The class was fair--doing HW, attendance, participation and daily quizzes--all worth it. Even though communication was tricky, she did her best to teach. All you need is practice, practice, practice.
5.0 : I enjoy taking Sandra Germinaro class since she was able to engage with the class and was easy to talk to. Moreover, the class criteria is straightforward. I would take her class again!
5.0 : she is supper fun, I would definitely take her again. she make you practice in class which is very helpful. supper nice person.
5.0 : Sandra was a great professor to have for ASL. She is deaf herself which makes the class very interesting and easy to get invested in. Just do your homework and study!!! She will also post ASL events that happen around the city so you can go and actually put your studies to use!
5.0 : This class was fun! Professor is very helpful and cares about you success in the class. She is very flexible and patience while students are learning.
5.0 : This was my favorite class this semester! The professor is helpful in many ways and is willing to go the extra mile to help you understand it all. She is definitely flexible with you but you should attend class everyday to fully understand it, since it is more of a visual learning type of class.
5.0 : She is one of my favorite teachersHer ASL 1 class is amazing however she gives only 2 midterms, no study guide! You MUST practice every night or else you will fall behind. You learn something new everyday practice is the key! She does not have a translator. She is very sweet and helpful. Does not reply to emails fast. Skip a class or hw fall behind
5.0 : Amazing instructor. I would recommend students take her class
5.0 : I am really happy with my experience learning ASL with Sandra Germinaro. The class time is used effectively with the opportunity to practice signing with peers. Sandra is very approachable and open to questions if you ever need clarification. I really appreciated the way she structured the class. Highly recommended, she's awesome :)
5.0 : Sandra is an amazing teacher. She is very understanding that people are coming from a background of having little, to no prior sign language experience. This class helped me understand and care a lot about the Deaf community. You have to buy your own book, but if you do all the homework and attend every class, you'll have a great experience!
4.0 : Taking this class is life changing. It is important to take this class seriously and to always practice outside of class, because learning a new language is difficult. Homework is mandatory and a big part of your grade!
5.0 : Sandra is a great professor. She cares about students doing well. Make sure to attend class and do the homework!
5.0 : She is really a nice professor, she helped me a lot during the class and in her office hour. She cared about every student and give us a lot of patience
5.0 : She is really kind and funny. She's young so she is relatable. The homework is fair and easy. You have to write ALOT in this class. She grades based on completion. You need to show up she keeps track of it even in a class of 100+  students. An overall good class, be comfortable with people reading your work and with expressing opinions though.
5.0 : No tests, just papers to turn in
5.0 : Great professor! I had a ton of fun taking this class and I feel like I learned a lot. Not too hard as far as the workload as long as you go to class and keep up on the assignments. I'm not a english major but I'm really happy that I took this class.
5.0 : VERY great instructor! I always look forward to her class every week because she's very engaging with her students. She's really understanding and nice. She's a tough grader and her quizzes are a little rough, but as long as you understand the material, you'll be fine. I really recommend this teacher! Take her class if you get the chance!
5.0 : Great instructor! If the time listed for her office hours don't work for you then you can email her to schedule another time. She is super sweet and she will help whenever possible. No question is a stupid question. If you ask her a question she will answer it. She really cares about her students. I wish she could teach all my science classes!
4.0 : Too bad he is only temporary prof for summer, Since then he moved on. was taken summer 2015, i have to retake from not pass Ruinqhuist for 349, fall14, we all know how difficult she was. michaels lecture was straightfoward, test were pretty lenient, but can be difficult, if not been studied. final was kinda easy. prof, was pretty busy, maybe thats
5.0 : Mike is the best! Always answers questions and wants his students to succeed!
5.0 : Professor Cala was absolutely amazing I HIGHLY RECOMMEND him. He understands that we have other courses so he makes the learning very entertaining. Easy A or B. The only thing I regret is missing a lab. I only missed 1 but they are so important so don't miss the labs they are fun I promise. Light homework (5-7 lab ?'s) Easy quizes.
5.0 : Cala was a great Bio 101 professor. Study your notes and you're guaranteed to pass his quizzes. Gives study guide for final that ACTUALLY helps. Does use textbook for labs. Super nice, willing to help. However, he is hard to reach, rarely responds to emails. Go to every class, you'll miss out on a lot if you don't. Great class and teacher.
5.0 : He was one of the best teachers ive ever had. You can easily tell how passionate he is at doing his job. Hes very chill and easy to communicate with &amp; his class makes you feel so comfortable on meeting new people
4.0 : Mike was super chill and his bio lab was fun and a breeze. Just make sure you don't miss more than one class session. And I gotta say - he has the freshest kicks of any professor you will ever see.
5.0 : Coolest professor I've had at state. He teaches the lab for bio328 and makes the class so fun and interesting. He's pretty young too which makes it easier to relate to certain things. He's super smart and funny and keeps the atmosphere of the class up.
5.0 : He really knows his stuff. Super helpful when you're confused and is willing to discuss related topics and go more in-depth. Quizzes are straight forward and fair.
5.0 : Ben is a really helpful and intelligent teacher! He make's the really tough concepts super easy to understand, and is patient and willing to help you as much as it takes to make sure you succeed in the class. I would definitely suggest taking the class with him.
5.0 : Great teacher who really knows his stuff! Quizzes are pretty straightforward and fair.   He's really good at keeping the class engaged and paying attention, plus he's funny.
5.0 : Smartest instructor I had so far
3.5 : Professor Mattox is a young and relatable professor who is upfront and very understanding. In PHIL130 he gave all his assignments for the year up front. If you manage your time correctly, the assignments are easy and short  (2 page papers). I personally did the work early and had my final paper in weeks before the end of the semester.
3.5 : Daniel made the class really simple. He makes all of his assignments known from the start (only 4 homework assignments, 1 paper) and will give extensions if you ask! His lectures can be a little dull, but he does get his point across. His class definitely made this requirement easier to get through.
5.0 : Flynn is great ! He is really fun and easy going . Easy A ! Highly recommended !
5.0 : Carolina is great . Her class was fun and easy to pass ! Just come to class , read the articles . She has a great sense of humor and her lectures was great and educational ! Would take it again !
5.0 : Carolina is so cool. Great sense of humor and is very relatable to the students in her class. She has a more of a lets you learn the way you want approach which I think was awesome since it was a GWAR class. Throw in some deep thoughts for your thesis papers. Definitely keeping in touch with this professor :)
4.0 : Nice. Has an accent so a bit hard to understand him well the first few lectures but after that you get used to it. Easy quizzes. Clear. He welcomes questions. Gives you opportunities to raise grade. Homework doesn't have many questions but don't do it at last minute. Pre final where the grade you get is how many points he adds to grade of final.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable professor with a strong interest in mathematics. I would often ask him questions that he did not prepare for yet he was able to answer them 100% of the time, often with a proof. The class is graded very fairly and he makes it clear what he expects of you. You should take this guy if you actually want to learn mathematics.
5.0 : Great professor. Allows cheat sheet for both midterm and final, provides samples from previous year's along with the answers, drops the lowest 2 quiz scores, and is a great professor. Would take another class again. Also gave a bonus quiz which meant that any points you received from the quiz is added directly to your final test grade.
4.0 : This teacher is very kind and patient. I find it difficult to pass with an easy A in his class when he demanded proof problems on the midterms and final. Otherwise you can do well and he is more than happy to help you in his office hours. You need to study and redo all his written homework problems to do well in the class.
5.0 : A great professor! Attendance doesn't matter but if you come to class and ay attention to his lectures and you'll easily get A's on the quiz. Calc 3 is a hard class, but he wants you to pass and will help you get the grade you want. Weekly homework but doable. Your grade depends on how much you pay attention! But, his lectures help A LOT!
5.0 : Tolga is a helpful and very generous instructor. He is flexible with grading and can forgive minor mistakes. But, sometimes he moves through the material briefly with his explanations. He has high expectations but the class is not that hard. I really enjoyed experiencing his class.
5.0 : Tolga is wonderful and reasonable! He's enthusiastic and you could tell he wants you to learn. He is very helpful and is there for clarification. Plus he's an understanding person. I enjoyed his class very much.
5.0 : Professeur Akgun est magnifique! He is very patient and understanding. He challenges his students in the best way. Your participation is required for each class which you should expect since you're trying to learn another language. The homework is easy, he gives little quizzes, very simple, at the end of eah chapter.
5.0 : ah Tolga, definitely a great professor, clearly passionate about what he does, and wants you to succeed. He works with you, if you dont understand something he'll definitely work with you until you do. Really enjoyed his class, and was evident that plenty others did too. You won't regret having him.
5.0 : This was an amazing course to take overall!! although it was a three hour lecture, all he discussed was amazing and truly inspirational to the Latino culture. At the end of each section, we turn in an essay reflecting a prompt and subject we have been discussing. I would definitely take this course again if I could!!
5.0 : Great teacher!! Amazing lectures and really makes you question everything you've learned before u came into his class. Not too much homework. No tests for his night class, just 3 pg long critical commentaries.
4.5 : Loved his class. I took it my first year there and was super fun and easy. He tells you on the first day what you are expected to do for the semester as well as when you will have a quiz. His quiz are based on your reading. He tries to get to know you. You have to do two commentaries (min. 4 pg) and a group project. Super chill and hilarious.
5.0 : He's a really great professor. Definitely tries to engage his students &amp; is up for the challenge to help you out as best as he can. His lectures are mostly simple to understand, even though the topics can be complex. You can tell this is his passion and wants to connect to his students. Would definitely recommend, but get ready for lots of reading!
5.0 : Great instructor! Very engaging and informative during lectures! He knows a lot about the material and makes you critically assess everything around you. Likes to have a lot of class discussion and class participation that helps you understand material better. Only assigned four 3 page papers all semester and 3  short multiple choice quizzes
5.0 : I am unsure if he is still teaching because he was a grad student and I took him last year, but if he is TAKE HIS CLASS. Super easy for Comm and everyone got an A. Really enjoyable lectures and I learned a lot and even though I don't like talking in front of people he made it really enjoyable
5.0 : Jace is his name! Took him for COM 150, not feeling very confident in my public speaking, but left with a huge boost of confidence. Lectures are lengthy, but he tells you what you should write down. Very funny professor, engaging with the students and not strict at all. The type of professor that makes you want to do good, if only just for him.
4.5 : Good Professor and a fair grader. Expect quizzes every time you walk intoo class.
5.0 : She's a great teacher even though she's new and she's super nice and helpful!  As usual for this class there was a lot of homework and many forms to be done but they were rewarding eventually! I learned a lot from this class. She's also cute and   funny so that helps
5.0 : She is a very good instructor. She is kind and always there for you when you have a question or when you need help. I found her class useful. There are a few homework, though she gives a decent amount of time to do them. Not many tests and no pop quizzes.
3.5 : Good Professor, Helps students. Took her Embedded systems class.  expects reasonable amount of work from the students. Grades depend on the performance in class+ midterm+project.
4.5 : Melinda was one of the sweetest professors I have ever had! Given this was an online class, she always replied to emails very quickly and explained things in great detail. She clearly wants her students to succeed. I would highly recommend taking her class if you want to learn a lot and have a teacher that really cares.
4.0 : Great teacher!! Never have had a teacher who relates to students as well as she does. She understands the life of a college student and that school is not their only responsibility. Easy class, if you do the work you should get at least a B. Only makes attendance mandatory on certain days. My favorite teacher at SFSU so far!
5.0 : I can honestly say that I didnt think I was going to like this class, but Mindi made it so enjoyable. She keeps the class engaged even through the least entertaining of topics. She definitely cares about all of her students and wants everyone's to succeed, and has a quirky personality that will actually make you look forward to going to class
5.0 : Took Mindi for my GWAR and knew that I had to take her again so I signed up for this class.  I didn't know what to expect but she explained everything in a way that has me viewing elderly people in a whole new way.  She's super funny and outgoing and makes everything she teaches super interesting.  I wish she could teach all of my classes!
5.0 : In a class that isn't incredibly thrilling she does a great job trying to be as engaging as possible. Great as a professor, very helpful and quick with grading/feedback.
3.0 : One of those teachers that's incredibly absorbed into teaching. You can tell this is what she dedicates her time to.  That being said, it's overwhelming and she is relentless. It was a SUMMER class so nobody wanted to be there and she was always extra and pushy. Not an easy pass at all. Wouldn't recommend, could be different during fall/spring
4.5 : This professor is amazing !!!! She used to teach at San Jose state so if you're looking for reviews check out her reviews at San Jose . She is a great professor and doesn't believe in tests. Super plus.
5.0 : So funny and outgoinf, im definitely not tired in her class. Hopefully taking her again! And don't buy the book, you won't use it
4.0 : Mindi has high standards for her teaching, as well as for her students (in terms of attendance/tardiness, quality of work etc). She expects a lot. Don't skip- in pretty much every class there is a lot of info covered! She can be intense and a bit of a hard ass. At first I didn't like her, but she grew on me a lot, and I think she is a GREAT teacher
5.0 : She genuinely cares about her students and is always reaching out to us with opportunities outside of class. Always responsive with emails as well.
3.5 : Easy going, but can be vague with assignments, not describing them very well. Definitely an easy english 114 class but doesn't challenge you to be a better writer. Takes forever to write things on the white board and is kinda bad at connecting ideas and may leave you confused. But overall, not bad.
5.0 : Professor Anderson was very encouraging to help his class become outgoing and be able to speak infant of a public. Definitely recommend!par
5.0 : I had a really bad experience with an English professor before, but Anderson doesn't discriminate me for coming from a low academic high school. He always checks on student's progress to make sure you're on track. If you have any questions, he can help you immediately after class or by email. Not to mention, he's funny! I'm going to miss this class
5.0 : He is such a cool guy that makes the class interactive! Taking English 209 and 215 with him is a must! In English 209 he requires one of these books: George Orwell 1984  or  Brave New World. You will spend the rest of the semester reading, analysing and writing essays about one of these books.
5.0 : Klasky was great! Most of your textbooks he uploads online, so you never have to pay for them. There's usually only one assignment a week that takes 3-4 hours to finish (usually a 5-7 page outline). He makes you care and goes out of his way to get people involved. If you even think you might be interested in the subject, take his class!
3.5 : I took his Race Activism &amp; Climate Justice Class and it was amazing. First tip, don't be late to class!!!! He is an awesome teacher. Klasky cares about his students and offers help. There is a lot of reading at times and outlines on the reading. By the mid to end semester there is less work. Participation does matter! Take him! Very passionate guy!
4.0 : Klasky is the best!! I took him for an american indians studies class and it was such a great class, very informational and inspirational. There is lots of hw and reading but they're enjoyable just make sure you do all of the assignments. 10/10 highly recommend.
4.0 : Lisa was very inspirational! She really wants students to engage in discussion and will ask critical thinking ?s to help make you a better provider in the future. NO EXAMS, 2 easy papers, 6 quizzes based on readings, 1 Final group paper, in-class group work. Very easy to follow readings: textbook + a book based on true events.
5.0 : It's his first year teaching at SFSU, but he knows what he's doing as a professor. I'm fairly confident in my writing ability, but I often found myself  having to fight to get an A on his essays- needless to say, he's a tough grader. He assigns homeworks/gives quizzes every now and then but it's not too hard. Expect to give an oral presentation!
4.5 : Professor Edwards is such a great teacher! I wish he taught ENG214. He's really nice and cool and is 100% there to help you. This class was really fun (got into group discussions when choosing what we were gonna write our paper on). There are 2 long papers at the end of the semester but thats it and we work on it all semester long. Super easy tho!
5.0 : Would tag "Long Papers" but also "There For You" and he wants you to succeed. He is enthusiastic and really seems to love teaching this class, so if you're scared of English classes he will help you. The books are free. He gives some pop quizzes and expects you to read but the assignments aren't long.
5.0 : Super nice and friendly, overall seems to really care about his students. Pretty easy grader, and in class group peer review sessions were really helpful. Got the class pretty engaged during discussions, always a relaxed environment. Also provided readings for free as PDFs. Overall, I enjoyed his class a lot. Highly recommended!
5.0 : I love this man. One of the most nicest people you'll ever met. Easy class. He really helps you and makes learning fun. I couldn't recommend him as a teacher enough.
3.0 : He's very passionate about his field and tries his best to make the material relatable and interesting. Never read/rarely came to class,  but the final paper is what knocked my grade down. If you read and go over the handouts, you'd be fine.
4.0 : Cool professor. 2 midterms, one research paper for final. Quizzes on Ilearn are pretty easy. Funny, and entertaining. Pick this class to be honest, you'll like it
5.0 : If you're gonna take anyone for PHIL 110, take him. Super nice and funny.
4.0 : He's the kind of teacher that wants you to pass. A few quizzes on ilearn, only 2 midterms which were really easy, and a final paper.
5.0 : super dope
4.5 : StuChap is the coolest cat on the block and is a wicked cool philosopher!!!
4.0 : Mr. Chapin is a beautiful and intelligent human being who inspires all those around him to achieve greatness.  There is nothing that compares to the opportunity one has to bask in his magnificent glory.  That being said the sudden changes in facial hair can be somewhat unsettling .
5.0 : he is amaze-balls!
4.5 : Stuary Chapin is by far one of the greatest professors. He is very clear during his lectures and the assignments are reasonable enough for the course. Take his class!
4.5 : Stuart Chapin is always down to talk about philosophy.  He is one of the best graduate students to teach a class, with his enthusiasm and expansive knowledge. He is nice, funny, and inspiring to learn from. Wish he would teach upper division.
5.0 : Love his class
4.5 : She's new to teaching, and you can tell right away, but she's doing very well considering it's only her first year. I took both PHIL 101 and PHIL 110. PHIL 101 consisted of four journal entries (400 words) and an essay (900 words) while PHIL 110 had maybe 9 easy home works and two tests. Very clear and makes the subject interesting. Would recommend
4.5 : Class is easy to take, show up and you will pass, no tests just two papers. Grade is based off group acvtivities so show up for those! Other then that easy A.
4.5 : Super chill and fun class.  Expect interesting and thought provoking discussions on the daily.
4.5 : She is a very  nice professor and would recommend her to anybody. She takes her time to make sure everyone understands the material and our midterm was a take home. very respectful and very understanding as well.
5.0 : Attending Lectures isn't Absolutely Necessary but it helps in understanding and preparing for the midterm and final papers where half of the grade comes from.
5.0 : Great teacher, super friendly and helpful if you need it! Overall easy grader and class would definetly take it again with her.
5.0 : Extremely nice, friendly, and intelligent teacher. She gets the giggles occasionally, but she really understands the material she is teaching. Assignments are mostly readings with a couple journal entries, and the midterm and final are take-home papers. Attendance isn't mandatory, but the lectures help reinforce what was explained in the readings.
4.5 : Great teacher, easy to talk to. Easy A.
4.5 : A great professor that was always enthusiastic about yachting and connecting with students
5.0 : good feedback
4.5 : Mandy was a awesome teacher because she is still young and able to relate to her students. She can seem a bit giggly sometimes but for me it in no way inhibited her performance. She really cares about philosophy and her students, take this class!!!
4.0 : It actually is easy in her class. I didn't have too much homework from this class. Don't need to study too hard at home. You just need to listen to the class, and you will be fine for the grade.
4.5 : It's an easy class as long as you show up to the lectures b/c midterm is take home and all the answers are in the lecture notes. 5 group activities that are ok. There's not a lot of HWs, but they are easy. Mandy is super nice and wants to make the class enjoyable. Take her!
4.5 : Really fun and simple class. As long as you show up to every class and listen you should good to go. Grade is based on Group Activities, Journal Entries, Midterms and the Final. Highly recommend this class if you are looking for something fun and easy.
5.0 : its a really fun and enjoyable class. i recommend  taking her for Phil 110
4.0 : Very simple class. Easy homework and group work, also midterm and final isn't that hard though. If you understand every concept during the class, you'll get an A.
5.0 : Very nice teacher! Would definitely take her again if she taught other subjects as well. Just go to class, participate, and pass. Simple. Best hour 15 minute class out there.
5.0 : Very great loved it
4.5 : Mandy is very passionate about the material and engaged with her students. If you are interested in philosophy, her class will be a great starting point. Her lecture is long but never dry...
4.5 : Mandy was a great professor for PHIL110! She was super helpful and really outgoing. She made the class really fun and makes it comfortable for everyone! There is a lot of reading and a lot of group discussions. Her lectures are helpful and makes it easy to understand. I would definitely take this class again or any other class she teaches!
4.5 : She makes philosophy so interesting !  And she is a sweetheart  I totally recommend taking her class!!!
4.0 : I love Mandy! She is such a kind and caring instructor. She understands that being a young adult in college can be difficult, so if you have a problem or need she'll be lenient. The workload consists of group projects, journal entries, and two papers. The class revolves around participating in class discussions, so get philosophical!
5.0 : Enjoyable class and In my opinion, a good starting point for philosophy. Teacher made the class a fun learning environment and we touched upon interesting philosophical subjects like Batman. Previously, I was told philosophy classes were boring, but with Mandy, it was quite the opposite.
4.0 : Professor Mak is an aspiring grad student pursuing a career in teaching  Philosophy. Her class is simple and the workload is low when compared to other classes. There are no exams but there are 3 papers that make up a majority of your grade. Lectures are a bit long sometimes but this is mostly due to the class not participating in discussions.
5.0 : I love Ms. Mak and you will too. She's patient and that means a lot for philosophy because it's difficult to comprehend sometimes. Just show up and do the easy(?) work she assigns and you'll get a nice A. She's young so she's kinda goofy too.
5.0 : Helpful and always in a good mood. Young and gives funny examples to help us understand the concepts. You can use a cheat sheet to help you on the midterm and final. She really cares about you. If you go to class, you'll do well
5.0 : She's hands down the funniest teacher I've had, which keeps her lectures entertaining, and keeps them from dragging. She's more than willing to help with anything; in fact, she genuinely wants to help. She almost always comes to class in a good mood and seems excited about what she's teaching. She is extremely easy to approach, and very friendly.
4.0 : Ms. Mandy Mak is great. She's young, she can relate to us, she's laid back, but still knows how to explain well through the difficulties of philosophy. She's a great teacher to have, pretty easy class, just make sure you read because she does give a few pop quizzes.
5.0 : This was my favorite class! She is so helpful and makes going to class enjoyable. All of the examples given in lectures are very easy to relate too. She has office hours and is always willing to help you with anything at anytime. She is always in a good mood and is very personable. The content is fun and interesting. Such a sweet lady!!
4.5 : Mandy gives off a very kind and pleasant aura. I didn't expect this year to be her first year teaching, especially at a college. She seems to always know what she's doing and I admire her passion for philosophy. I didn't find the content to be intriguing however, I do feel lucky to have had her as a teacher. Attendance counts. Group work-.-
4.5 : I hated going to this class because I felt so uninterested in the content. However, Mandy is a very interesting character. She's a great teacher but I'd rather be her friend than in her class. Discussions, group work, attendance, participating overall is a big thing in her class. She's always willing to help out and listen, so that's great.
5.0 : I thoroughly enjoyed her class! She made learning difficult concepts much easier by using funny or relatable examples. Homework was big in the beginning of the semester, but died down near the end. Test were extremely easy, though be ready for group discussions. Bonus, she brings snacks for the class sometimes!
5.0 : New but awesome teacher. Highly recommend.
4.5 : She was tons of giggles. Always ready to help and teach. Didn't really vibe well with other people in my class but she made me feel comfortable. If I was a philosophy major I'd love to take more of her classes but it's not my thing. She's a joy.
4.5 : Great person, indeed. I think I might change my major to philosophy. She's really cool and I adore her very much.
5.0 : Mandy is hilarious and very down-to-earth. She explains everything so well and is willing to answer any questions you may have. She assigns a lot of readings from the textbook and gives out random pop quizzes from the readings to ensure that we read. Class is an easy A. Only things that requires a bit of effort are the midterm and final.
5.0 : mandy is super sweet and such a cute person. she's a great teacher and you can tell she knows what she's talking about. she's a great teacher and her class is super easy! just take notes during the lectures for midterm/final and do the assigned readings because she gives pop quizzes sometimes.
5.0 : Mandy is a sweetheart! She's very passionate about philosophy and facilitates discussions in class. Her lectures are very easy to follow and detailed, but you should still do the readings because she gives pop quizzes on them occasionally. Most of the readings were online. The Batman book was used once and the 5o Readings was used a few.
4.5 : Very nice lady. I wish I came to her class more often because I'm sure my attendance will greatly effect my grade. She's a fresh college graduate that teaches her class as if she has been doing it for years. I respect her very much. Participate all the time no matter what. She'll take great notice. Gave some extra credit at the end of semester.
4.5 : I wish she was my friend, she's awesome. My favorite teacher this semester. On the first day of class I felt very comfortable because she came off as very friendly. Always read and do her hw. It was mainly a big thing at the beginning of the semester than the end.  It can make or break your grade.
4.5 : While being in her class I decided to change my major to philosophy. She is very passionate in what she teaches. Group discussions were a big thing and I enjoyed it. Her class was very simple and straightforward. I'd definitely take her again.
4.0 : Dr. T is there to help you every step of the way! Her instructions can not be very clear at first, but if you ask she is more than happy to explain. She is very approachable and makes learning heavy material easier.  Her quizzes can be difficult if you do not read, but if you learn the material you will get an easy A on them.
5.0 : Dr. Taylor is the best professor i have had in a while. She lectures with passion and gives great examples. She really relates to the topics that we are discussing and she is an easy going person. There are 4 test, 25 questions each. No final or midterm (she doesn't believe in that). A Final paper and multiple Exercises. I recommend you take her.
1.0 : I received my education in two different countries, and never had a professor like Sherria Taylor. She was full of her self and arrogant. Instead of learning how to conduct research, we have to read endless research articles. Testing was on line. The tests were so messed up that she let us to retake them 3 times (open book). She was teaching at WMU
5.0 : Dr. Taylor is an amazing human being, she is highly passionate about what she teaches in her courses, I have taken three classes with her and will never get tired of her. Also her counseling is highly helpful and she loves everyone equally, always hears out your opinion and what you have to say.
4.5 : Dr. T is amazing!!! She really loves what she does and it shows in her teaching. She loves her students. She is passionate about her work and she is a great teacher. She struggled in the beginning being at a new school new state and everything was new to her. She managed well and teaches well. I enjoy her as a teacher and a person she is great!!!
5.0 : She is amazing and everything was great not too much hw and her passion really is admirable. Shes awesome take her, quizzes are so-so hard.
4.0 : Group work all semester long! had three case study to read and write a three page paper about. They get harder as the semester goes on. Her test aren't hard. The group work is where your grade comes from. Don't wait until the last minute to do your case study.
5.0 : Wonderful Professor very helpful , she gives great study guides to help with exams , don't wait till the last minute to do case study and you should get a good grade. As long as you do all assignments you should have no problem passing course. She also gives very helpful feedback and very approachable if you need help.
4.0 : Great teacher!
5.0 : AWESOME PROF!! I took his class at CCSF! Attendance is not mandatory, no textbook, everything is on insight. Online quizzes are super easy multiple choice questions, usually there's only 3-5 of them. You can check your course grade on insight any time you want and he is available during office hours. EASY A! (He's also extremely attractive)
5.0 : Great teacher! He will explain things until you understand.
5.0 : Potter is a grad student and  a great lecturer,  always willing to help you if you're stuck on projects.  I wish he could respond to emails more often and give more time if students are stuck on projects. One midterm, which was difficult, but as long as you do fairly well on all projects, you should pass.  He's open to feedback about anything.
5.0 : Took his class in CCSF last semester. He's a nice guy. Homework is eazy to complete, quizzes are not very difficult. He usually goes through lots materials in every beginning of the class. Though I thought it was hard in the beginning, things went better. I got A from him.
5.0 : He is really nice guy. You would learn a lot from him. and he give extra credit if everyone do bad on exams.
4.5 : He is a very knowledgeable professor, with an eagerness to share his knowledge with others. I would definitely take more of his courses.
5.0 : Expect to work on C++ projects throughout the semester. He does an awesome job with code demonstration which helps a lot on projects. Office hours are helpful if you're confused with anything on projects.
5.0 : One of best professors. Very young and cool. Took him at ccsf. very very easy A if you're tech savvy,literate. dw if you're unfamiliar in the tech because he does his best to help you understand it. A lot of hw, 6 quiz, 1 midterm, final accumulated with 4pg cheat sheets. All hws due end of semester. Very interesting and engaging lectures,activities
5.0 : Took his CS 101 in ccsf. Choose him if you want an easy class + quizzes/exams (with cheat sheets). Homework aren't even hard. He tries to make lectures easy too. Definitely recommend.
5.0 : Awesome guy! Gave ample examples relevant to projects given in class. Always there to help during office hours, and when tests came, he made sure we knew relevant material before the exam. Exams weren't hard as long as you came to review sessions and practice and play with code. Coming from a Java background, he did a great job teaching C++
5.0 : her class was cool. she's pretty funny and is down to the point. everything is off her PowerPoint slides... just study then and you'll do well. 3 group project assignments.
5.0 : Hughes is very knowledgable and enthusiastic about the brain. She makes lectures as fun as possible, and gives good analogies to help with concepts. Class is hard, and she has high standards, so don't take this if you're looking for an easy A... or B.
5.0 : Class is pretty easy. Short assignment every day. 4 essays throughout semester. 5/5 would recommend and you don't have to buy a textbook
5.0 : Z-Money is a really good professor. He is very helpful and very understanding :) !! He gives a lot of helpful feedback and wants everyone to succeed in his class.
5.0 : Zach has been a wonderful teacher!!! He is the most amazing teacher/person I have ever seen in my life!!! TAKE HIM!!! HES WORTH IT!!! I love his class, he made writing easy for everyone in my class!! Attendance matters in his class, so you have to go to class to earn credits. 3 essays throughout the semester, neither midterm nor final in his class
5.0 : Z$ is a very good professor. He is always there to help students out. I believe I am a better writer because of him. Papers he assigns are actually fun because we chose any topic we are interested it. He is clear with his assignments. Overall he is an amazing professor and person. Take him when if you have a change you will not regret it.
4.0 : He is chill. He assigns readings, but they are easy to do.
5.0 : I really did enjoy Dr. Kuhn's course. There will be a lot of information, the best way to study is to go over notes and the homework that she offers as additional practice. She is very genuine, I could relate to her as a person, which is why I enjoyed the class so much. She does try and make the class more fun with jokes. Would recommend her!
3.0 : Biochemistry is a hard course that many people struggles... Well.. She gives out lots of homeworks, quizes, papers and there are 4 midterm exams (lowest one will be dropped). There's a final exam which is cumulative. Yes, there is a lot to do. If you are all A student in biology major, you might be okay. if not, you need to consider this class.
4.0 : Professor Kuhn is really nice and it shows in the way she teaches: She always tries to break up lecture with other activities to keep you engaged and she ensures everyone "gets" a topic before moving on. However, this slowed the pace of the class down quite a bit, to the point that I'm worried that for Biochem II I'll have a lot of catchup to do!
5.0 : Dr. Khun is an excellent teacher. If you study the notes in class and do the homework, you will do well. The subject is tough but she is extremely helpful during office hours and even when you just random drop by. The class is structured well in terms of tests, quizzes, and assignments. If you mess up on one thing, you aren't screwed. Take her!!!
4.5 : She's a really nice person, and will level with you in regard to her expectations. She gives major hints about what she is planning to put on exams, but you have to show up to class and listen. If you have a question during the exam, she will clarify unlike most professors. Homework is not for credit, but if you want to do well on the exam, do it.
5.0 : Dr. K is an excellent teacher. The tests are tough but that is because the subject is tough. She is extremely helpful during her office hours and is always willing to help. Show up to class and get ready to take notes. The book is not NEEDED but is a great source for homework practice. TAKE HER!!!!
5.0 : Out of all the professors I've had, Misty is the one who has cared the most about her students' education and well-being. She puts in so much time and effort to cater to her students' learning. However, she's tough -- but extremely fair.
3.0 : i haven't finished 349 but so far its pretty difficult. The class is hard but thats to be expected.
3.5 : Misty is a super nice person. She will help you if you need it. Biochemistry is a super difficult subject to start with. Your grade will basically be determined by how well you do in your exams. 4 exams (lowest one dropped) and cumulative final. I'm basically not the best test taker and this subject for me was really difficult. Have to retake.
4.0 : First off, you need to realize that Biochemistry is a difficult subject, however, the ability to grasp the concept is up to you. If you don't go to class, don't do the homework, or take notes, don't expect to pass. Instead of complaining that the tests are too hard/long, how about try studying the notes and go to office hours.
5.0 : Take his class you won't regret it! You have to make sure to write all of his notes down though because he doesn't post them online. His study guides really help you out with the actual test because he basically gives the exact type of problems. He also gives extra credit but I never did them because I was already getting As on everything. :)
5.0 : An easy A if you take really good notes and pay attention to the material. Homework is turned in once a week, which is also super easy! Don't waste your money purchasing/renting a book because all the home work and quizzes are based on his lectures. IMPORTANT: Practice SPSS, I would've gotten an A in his class but failed the SPSS quiz
5.0 : Awesome teacher! Really helpful, he is really detailed for stats and explains everything again if you don't understand it. Homework every class but its helpful for the exams. Exams you get one cheat sheet and final exam is open notes. Lab is mandatory to attend.
4.5 : No attendance, but MUST go to lecture to pass!!!! Offers lots of help and extra credit. There are exams, but you can have a cheat sheet. Homework every class but he writes it, text book didn't need at all because his lectures were very informative. He has a cute nerdy personality as well! Take him I promise you'll love it! Awesome teacher!
5.0 : BEST STATS TEACHER EVER!!!!! Whatever time they offer his class take him! He is fair! MUST GO TO LECTURE/LAB. You will learn a lot! Weekly homework, test corrections (if needed), cheat sheet (YAY!) and textbook is helpful to refer to but not needed. I loved his class so much I am looking forward to taking 571 with him!
5.0 : He really likes statistics and it shows.
5.0 : Trevor is an amazing teacher, go to his office hours he will help you a ton! Do not miss class or lab or you will lose points &amp; fall behind. Do 3.0 Soma credits for 30pts extra credit. One group project at the end of semester. &amp; Get to use front &amp; back 8'' x11" cheat sheet on tests!
5.0 : Trevor is hands down the BEST math teacher I have ever had. He really changed my attitude about statistics. He is kind, understanding, and silly! The work was kinda hard, but it's statistics-- it isn't supposed to be easy. Just ask for help and he'll be there for you :) If you go to class, get to know your TA, and do your homework you'll get an A!
5.0 : I thought this was going to be my worst class of the semester and it ended up being my best and my favorite! I actually looked forward to homework and studying for tests. He's an excellent teacher, he really loves statistics and explains everything in easy to understand terms. The only time I used the textbook was for final practice problems.
5.0 : I hate math and I was dreading this class (which was my final GE requirement). I really thought it was going to suck, but Trevor made it fun! I would definitely recommend taking him, especially if you don't feel overly confident in your math skills. He is super helpful, gives good and timely feedback, and is just really a nice guy. 10/10.
4.0 : He is a great teacher that challenges you to work for your grade. There is homework every week and 3 tests plus a final. He runs his lecture via powerpoint so take very good notes. Tests are tough but if he sees the class is struggling he will allow test-corrections for partial credit. You really do learn valuable information from this teacher.
3.5 : Talks way too fast &amp; its sometimes really hard to comprehend. Quizlet is the key. Very helpful as a professor and replies back to your email efficientlly unlike some professors
4.0 : I took IR104, IR327 and now taking IR312 and I have to say he is a great teacher! Helps you if you need to and goes back and explains until you are able to understand the lecture. His grading system is a little hard but he offers tons of extra points and prepares you for the midterm and final.
4.0 : Professor Siegel will definitely clarify anything that could possibly be confusing and will always help. The classes are usually just his lectures with some debates. He also gives us a choice between a debate and a midterm. I preferred the debate because it was less work. Class has a lot of content to memorize and comprehend. But interesting.
5.0 : Teaches the subject well and constantly asks for feedback. Allows half a sheet of notes for the midterm, and a full sheet of notes for the final. Weekly quizzes are just homework questions she assigns in advance, and are open book. The programming assignments are a bit difficult, but she makes up for it with extra credit at end of course.
3.0 : I thought I did well on the final but that failed me so hard.  She's an okay professor for a MATH 324 class. She's a good second option if Professor Piryatinska isn't taken. Be prepared for a weekly routine with quizzes (I had them on Tuesdays)  and homework due (on Thursdays). Just go to class and pay attention (take notes/ask questions).
5.0 : if you are a good student, you will like her class because you can learn so many stuff and pretty pretty sure you will pass with an A grade.
5.0 : Just great, lots of extra credit attend field trips. Quizzes are hard but more then one attempts allowed
5.0 : An amazing educational experience. It boggled my mind to learn how Yosemite was formed and then see it up close and personal. It was was such a treat and am very fortunate to have been a part of the first group ever!
5.0 : An interesting online class with amazing field trips. Really a once in a life time opportunity to have a personal geological tour of some amazing places in CA. I won't forget it! Geologists are the happiest people ever.
2.0 : After taking ERTH 0325 I really dislike hiking now. There is alot of reading and watch video for this class. This is the online of summer. she give you two choice all online or field trip. The quiz are brutal... it is recommend to have at least some background knowledge in geology. The tb doesnt help
5.0 : I highly recommend the optional field trip! Being able to see these beautiful geological features and being taught hands-on how they're formed was mind blowing. She gave plenty of extra credit opportunity which is good because there is a TON of information and it can be difficult to keep up with it all.
5.0 : She has a wonderful tone in emails and on iLearn. I think that is a very skillful and difficult thing to pull off. Her excitement really helps lessen some of the intimidation for an online course. I was in another online course this summer and I saw a very different presentation. It really shines a light on how successful her online curriculum is.
5.0 : The trip to Point Reyes was wonderful. I feel sincere gratitude for having gained those experiences and friends. I am starting to realize that the memories I now have are ones that I will keep for my entire life.
4.5 : Energized and passionate about what she teaches. She is a new professor at SFSU and purposely  does not make the class hard. There is a lot of info, but is extremely helpful when asked. Total of 6 group projects (graded individually not as a group), 12 ilearn quizzes (10 to 15 Qu) and in-class iClicker Quizzes. Easy to pass for non science majors.
4.0 : This is a good class for UD-B. Weekly quizzes, a few forum post assignments, nothing impossible. You do learn pretty interesting stuff about how the Earth works. It can be a little confusing at first understanding what exactly she wants, but it's easy to fall into a groove with this course. She always sends reminders and is always open to help.
5.0 : New professor at SFSU. She's an awesome teacher who is passionate about Geology. She made class fun, lots of group projects, no tests. Expect take home packets, but all can be done with a group. Easy work, just a lot of it instead of tests. Total of 12 quizzes online up to 20 questions. iClicker quizzes for participation and attendance.
5.0 : A truly inspirational person. She's obviously committed to teaching science to students from all walks of life. She's an understanding and fair teacher. I learned tons about how the earth works, and class stayed fun and entertaining. I made a bunch of friends, and everything I learned is relevant to my decisions and ideas about current happenings.
5.0 : Main focus is on getting the lesson across to the student. Very observant in what students need and excellent at explaining grammar clearly. Creates mini games that get students to engage with each other while practicing Chinese from the current lesson.
5.0 : Kyle Chen is a great professor. She is very funny and is enthusiastic about teaching. She is great at explaining Chinese sentence patterns and grammar. She also incorporates lots of funny analogies that are relevant to American culture.  Not only is my Chinese improving, but I'm also having a lot of fun learning.  I definitely recommend Kyle Chen.
5.0 : So much work but I learned a lot. Dr. T teaches valuable skills (networking,interviews etc.) in every seminar. Make sure to participate in class and be prepared to pick a good group because you'll be working with them for the rest of the semester. quizzes,midterms and final are easy as long as you read the case studies and key terms in her slides.
3.0 : she is a nice teacher but there is a lot of activities to do during the class time.
4.0 : Dr. T's class is engaging and enjoyable. Her grading is difficult however her weekly quizzes and exams are expected (do the readings and look over power points if you want to do good). Attend every class and participate or it'll hurt your grade! All in all, Dr. T is tough but fair. Be prepared.
4.0 : Her Midterm and Final Exam are not easy. There are weekly quizzes so read up, and use the PowerPoints to your advantage. However, she helps you a lot with trying to get your professionalism up, so for that I am forever grateful to her.
5.0 : I luckily got into Dr. T's BUS682 class for Spring 2017. Case studies and lectures were informative and since participation is graded it allowed myself to speak up more. The optional company tour trips in the specific class would be the main highlight of taking her class. Lastly, choose your group members wisely for your specific case study.
5.0 : Dr T is awesome! She honestly cares about her students' success so she sets up speed networking at the end of the semester and every week talks about a relevant topic (resumes, cover letters, interviews, etc.). Her tests are not multiple choice, you need to know your stuff and use examples but if you pay attention in class you're good.
5.0 : One of my favorite Professors! Extremely knowledgeable, engages material with entire class, and very energetic!  She always puts a lot of effort in her seminars and she makes it fun and interactive.  Attendance and participation are a must, Always read the assigned material (pop quizzes).  Go to her office hours for help or follow up!
3.0 : This class is very informative and interesting.  However, Dr. T's nature makes her seem like she is stuck up and better than everyone else.  Expect to read a lot, weekly quizzes, a huge midterm and final, and on top of that a gigantic presentation.  Her energy is there, but the cockiness or stuck up attitude kills the class. Would not recommend.
5.0 : Super inspiring and knowledgeable in her field. Really cares about her students. Participation counts, group project that is not as intimidating as it initially sounds, case studies to read up on, quizzes. Tests are free response so they're pretty difficult. Teaches you very relevant skills too like negotiation &amp; interview skills.
5.0 : Dr. T is one of the best professors at SF State. She's not easy, but you'll learn a lot! You won't regret taking her.
5.0 : Dr. T was amazing. Hands down the best professor I've ever had. Be prepared to read, and weekly quizzes but it is not incredibly hard if you try. I wish she taught more classes. She is very interesting and you learn a lot.
5.0 : Professor Haroun is one of the best professors at SFSU, he changed my learning experience. SFSU is lucky to have this man teach not only text book things but help us with real life situations.   Thank you Professor Haroun!
4.0 : No quizzes no midterms. Final isn't easy, so make sure you know the material and the definition. One double sided cheatsheet is allowed. Professor Haroun engages knowledge with his years of experience in business world. He is very well connected. Truly enjoyed his lecture, make sure to speak up in the class so he will remember you.
5.0 : Great professor who is willing to help out students not only academically  but also professionally. One of the few professors at state that make lectures fun and interactive. He plays video clips every 15 min or so which helps you stay engaged throughout the class. Your grade is based on attendance and the final which is based directly off slides.
5.0 : Chris is an all around great person. His lectures are fun and interesting. The homework is not hard at all thanks to his Udemy course he offers online. You get attendance points for showing up which is way better than a subjective opinion on how much you participate. He's really helpful and makes you excited to get into business. Take his class.
5.0 : Chris Haroun is an amazing lecturer! Not only is he inspirational but he teaches about real life situations rather than book theories and those boring stuff. The best part is that he wrote his own book, which isn't really a book but more of a great picture book. I personally recommend taking him because you learn a lot as well as take out a lot!
5.0 : Chris Haroun might be one of the best teachers I've had at SF state. He makes the material interesting using real life examples, and he's funny and relevant. He is part of a venture capital firm, so he definitely has real life business experience as well. His test at the end is easy, so make sure you come for the review! Take this class!:)
5.0 : SACRIFICE the time and TAKE THIS CLASS  Look, if you want to learn a wide array of business topics, crated by a professor using cutting edge teaching methods, you need to take ANY class he offers.
5.0 : Chris is awesome! Not only is he an award winning business school professor, venture capitalist, and author; Chris is also committed to the success of each and everyone of his students. If you are at all interested in startups, technology, investment, VCs, you will find his lectures incredibly engaging and inspiring. Chris is a hidden gem at SFSU.
5.0 : Chris Haroun is the best teacher I have ever had. He cares about all of his students and helps them understand business from a practical real life perspective (no theory). His students often say he is the best teacher they have ever had. I am grateful to have been his student.
5.0 : The professor is hands down the best business professor at SF State. He has amazing and engaging lectures. Material is captivating and relevant to innovation and entrepreneurship. His industry knowledge and experience is unparalleled at SF State and most universities in Bay Area. Class was big asset to my industry knowledge. Super fun and easy too!
5.0 : Chris is just the most amazing Professor that I have taken throughout my college career. He's very passionate about what he does and very inspirational. He makes class super fun! He teaches based on real world experience not on boring theories that you won't use after you graduate. I learned and enjoyed his class a lot in! I recommend him 100%
5.0 : By far Chris Haroun has become one of my favorite professors this semester. Every time I left his class I was motivated! In all my 5 1/2 years here at State I have never felt this inspired. He shows you real life examples to learn these concepts because as he says he 'doesn't want you to memorize, he wants you to understand.' TAKE HIM!HE'S THE BEST
5.0 : I was instantly captivated, Chris brings so much energy to every lecture.  He is very passionate,  it felt so natural to follow along.  He made his power points so interesting and fun considering he uses real life situations/movie clips so that it's easy to understand.  His humor and optimism is contagious, he truly cares &amp; always wants to help!
5.0 : Chris wants to see his students succeed and is always willing to speak with students about their career goals.
5.0 : We are so incredibly lucky to have someone like Professor Haroun at SF State. I credit him with helping me land my dream job right out of college. Go to class, you can't get this stuff anywhere else; his lectures are like TED talks.
5.0 : Hands down the best class I have ever taken in my life!
5.0 : I learned more in this class than all my other classes put together! Professor Haroun teaches from his heart and only real life practical stuff (no boring theory). Also his class is rally entertaining and he actually cares about his students' careers! No brainer. Take his class.
5.0 : Every single class was like an amazingly inspirational TED Talk and we learned a lot of real life stuff we can use right away! A+++++++++++++++++!
5.0 : I got my job because of Chris. Felt like this was only class that got us ready for the real world. I recommend everyone to take this course! LOVED IT!
5.0 : Hands down one of the best classes at SFSU. Inspiring, practical, and definitely "a real world" class where you gain a lot of insight that you can leverage into your career choice.  I'm in tech now in San Francisco, Chris' class definitely contributed into understanding how to break into and belong in the industry.
5.0 : Best class taken at SFSU Business School! Mr. Chris makes lectures easy to understand, interesting, fun, and practical (No boring outdated material here). In MGMT 655 with Mr. Chris, you'll learn everything about Entrepreneurial organizations and you'll be prepared to start your own start-up. Very few homework, very fair grader and final is curved!
5.0 : This is the best class on campus to learn about venture capital, start-ups, and the tech industry. This is the only class I took in college where you can really apply the knowledge outside of the classroom. Professor Haroun goes above and beyond to help you succeed in life with his unparalleled expertise.
4.5 : Down to earth. Easy going. Inspire to ask question.
5.0 : She sounds hard at first but once she gets comfortable she loosens up and just really wants everyone to understand the material.
4.0 : Okay so her lecture are helpful she post them online to look at after. She offers a lot of extra credit and help outside and if you still struggle she refers you to the CCLEAR room at SF State where TA's can help you out. Her class is not an Easy A but, as long as you put in work &amp; have CHEGG for help youll be fine
5.0 : I had her for chem180 lab. She is the best teacher and I wish I took her for lecture. If you don't understand the material she takes time in meeting with you outside of class and really helps you understand the material. For my lab reports she always had a good attitude in helping me with problems I was stuck on. Definitely recommend her!
4.5 : He is super nice and helpful. He is also kinda hot! I suggest taking his class.
5.0 : He is a really kind man. He cares about his students and what they need and what they have to say. He is very clear and his class is not hard as long as you show up. He makes his students feel respected and heard. Great for intro to critical thinking. He great at explanations too. Take his class!
3.5 : This class was so easy! Took her night class and got let out an hour early almost every class! She is very cute and entertaining. Tests are average, easy if you study. Would take her again if she taught other classes. If you're lazy and just want to pass, take this!
5.0 : Professor Troxel is a genuine, caring, and enthusiastic professor. The class has two 15 point assignments and 3 tests, but she drops the lowest test score. The course was a breeze because her lectures were precise and had helpful examples. There are also quizzes that have several questions that will be repeated on the exam. Lets us out early too.
4.0 : Troxel is a great lecturer for accounting. 3 exams in total, she drops the lowest score so if you do well on the first two you don't have to take the final. Two 15 point hw assignments for the entire semester and one 3 point extra credit assignment. As long as you take the time to study the concepts, the course is much easier than ACCT 100.
5.0 : Great professor! Learned a from the powerpoints and coming to class. She doesn't take attendance but I would recommend showing up to hear the lecture. She made the class easier than expected while learning the material. 3 exams, the lowest is dropped. A few hw assignments very leniently graded.
4.5 : If you can't get John Lord for ACCT 101, Troxel is probably the next best option. She has a similar format to Lord with 3 tests, and the lowest test score is dropped. Also assigns 1 easy homework assignment that counts for 20% of the total class grade. Basically teaches by her PowerPoint slides. Study the textbook problems to prepare for the tests.
5.0 : shes awesome!! only 4 grades (3 tests 1 homework) and she drops the lowest test! i was able to get 90's on the 1st and 2nd tests so i didnt even need to take the final! best acct 101 teacher at state!
5.0 : Kathleen is AWESOME. She made peds clinical rotation great. She is there to support you and guide you but still give you independence to work on your own and grow in your confidence. We had nursing on our unit who didn't want to teach and she made it a negative environment positive. Be instructor i've had the pleasure of working with.
5.0 : Pro with years of experience in his field.  Very nurturing mentor, assists us with our careers even post-college.  Knows his real life street smarts beyond the textbook.  Highly recommended.
5.0 : This was a great inspiring class. Professor Tesfai had a great command of the materials and expressed the complicated philosophical ideas in a way that every student could understand. Great loss for the department as she no longer teaches here.
4.0 : She was amazing . Made the class super interesting. Would definitely take another class from her.
5.0 : This class wasn't my favorite subject but Sara made it so engaging that i always showed up. Always left the class with something that I never thought of. Worth taking.
5.0 : STEPHANIE is the best Oral Communication professor that I have ever chosen. Her instructions are very clear to follow when it comes to speech presentations, always enthusiastic to start the class, and she's really nice! :) She gives good feedback on speeches, to see what we can improve for our next speeches. Class is an easy A.
5.0 : Amazing Teacher, really nice and very helpful. Stephanie really helped me improve my speech skills and really made me feel better about speaking out in front of classmates. She gives great tips for how to get ready for speeches! I would definitely recommend taking class with her!
5.0 : Professor Gilligan is an EXCELLENT teacher. Take his class if you have the opportunity. You'll learn tons and even have fun. There is a lot of required reading, but the books are great and are fast reads.
4.5 : Gilligan is by far the most amazing, inspirational professor I have ever had. I knew for sure after taking this class with him that I wanted to teach high school English, and he taught me so much to use in my future career. I cannot wait for another opportunity to take a class with him!
4.5 : Loved this class! It was his second time teaching it, and he told us that he had the class much more challenging than the previous semester. We had several group projects. We also took turns teaching the class lessons. I love Gilligan. His class is demanding but it is worth it.
4.0 : This is a fun little YA literature class lots of fun YA books. He is great inside the classroom but a terrible advisor. He failed to mention a class I needed for graduation so I ended up taking a summer class and not turning in my degree app until the last minute. Also he is very rude and does not seem to care much about actually helping students.
5.0 : This was by far the best class I have ever taken. Gilligan is an inspiration who has reassured me with my career choice as a High School teacher. His assignments are useful for the future and the class discussions are wonderful. The projects are challenging, but I actually enjoyed doing them. Lots of reading, but not unbearable. He's amazing!
5.0 : Gilligan is super helpful with my senior e-portfolio. He gives good and timely feedback. He's busy, but makes time for his students to come outside of office hours. He's a good professor and a good advisor. Take him if you can!
4.0 : Guerra used to teach and IUP and that's where I had him. He's a wonder prof. I had him for TV production over the summer and I couldn't be happier. He taught me so much. He def knows what he's talking about. Thanks to him and the class, I have a show on IUP-TV now. So many opportunities have opened for me since taking his summer class. Take him!
5.0 : One of the absolute hardest, yet  absolute best classes I have ever taken at SF State. Dr. Guerra means business and this class will be your first real job in the broadcast industry. If you take your role and this class seriously, you'll end up with great experience to put on a resume and great work for your portfolio.
5.0 : I had Dr. Guerra for Media Performance 1 and he is absolutely incredible! He's an experienced professional AND he knows how to teach in a way that's engaging, exciting, interactive, and inspiring. Great training for aspiring TV hosts/reporters/anchors/performers/actors. Takes time to give you detailed, helpful feedback. So much respect for Dr. G
5.0 : Dr. Guerra is AMAZING! Very organized, detailed, and inspirational educator. He motivates you to be the best performer version of you. Super detailed feedback that will empower you to overcome your mistakes and do brilliant for the rest of the semester. You must take him if you want to learn in a professional production environment. He is funny too
4.0 : I'm in between when it comes to Professor Guerra. He is funny, insightful, and kind. He has an arrogance about him, but what 30 year old man doesn't. His tests are difficult and you cannot find the answers in the textbook or from his powerpoint slides, so you have to write down EVERYTHING he says during lectures.
4.0 : If you're genuinely interested in improving your creative writing skills, this class is probably for you. She seems passionate about wanting students to do their very best in their writing assignments and getting better through progress. If you think this class is going to be an easy A, don't take it, especially if you don't like writing "a lot".
5.0 : Professor Alton is a great teacher and I would totally recommend taking her class. She gives easy quizzes every week but its really to see if you have read the homework. so you do gotta read but the class is really a lot of fun.
4.5 : Varia has an extremely low key personality, but has a great passionate about her field. Very encouraging to raise students standards and perspectives of the world. Promise, it won't be boring class. It's engaging and profoundly interesting. Recommend taking notes. Class work, very minimal for college level.
5.0 : Lots of reading but she gives you all pdfs (you don't have to buy any books!) She has so many interesting topics to talk about throughout the semester loved her class!
3.0 : 2 required books. If you don't read Intellectual Empathy, she basically lectures and gets you ready for the tests anyways so, don't worry. Eating Animals is a great book regardless of the class, highly recommend reading for the credit and for your own benefit. Final  essay. Only like 5 HW and a few tests and quizzes, pretty easy class.
3.5 : This class really opened up my worldview and Varia does a great job of teaching you to be a critical thinker. Intellectual Empathy is an effective guide to the concepts of the class, and Eating Animals is an amazing, morally challenging book. She really cares about the class and is very helpful in explaining stuff.
4.0 : The philosophies/philosophers he lectures about are a gateway to a life guided by philosophy. You'll be inspired by the great thinkers.  Tests are just memorization of practically everything he lectures about, he gives the key notes on a study guide around 10pgs long for each test. Note: Life saving extra credit at the end of the semester.
3.5 : 4 homework assignments, 4 short in class quizzes, a midterm test, and 1 final paper.  Not that hard. The information is very confusing but it's not the teacher's fault. He's interesting and entertaining. I liked him a lot as a person, the quizzes/test was hard but the class itself is pretty easy. 1 time  he brought his puppy into class
3.0 : If you show up and do the reading, classwork, and homework you should be fine grade wise. If you need help with the logical things, ask.   He's a pretty interesting person; a democrat raised in Alabama by conservative republicans. If you want to be socially aware of things going on in the world take his class.
5.0 : Great class, even greater professor. The lectures are fascinating and eye-opening, and it make the time fly by. I would highly recommend this course, no matter what major you are taking.
4.5 : If you don't read the books he assigns, or at least skim them, you will be very lost in class. He gives a midterm essay and a final essay that make up most of your grade percentage but aren't long or too hard. There are 4 quizzes throughout the semester and he gives study guides. He's pretty funny, helpful, and the class was pretty interesting.
5.0 : I took him twice for Math 60 and 70. Javier is a great teacher. But just like any teacher, you need to put in the work if you want to get a good grade. Daily homework is given but its online.  If you are someone who struggles in math, Javier does an amazing job on helping you get a good great.
4.0 : There are no notes or lectures in this class. Javier automatically sets people in groups and work through a worksheet together. I'm not sure if he does this with every class. If you don't do well with group work, don't take this class. He is also very helpful and lets people correct their homework/tests.
4.0 : Javier is a great Math instructor! I would definitely take him again if i had to. He demonstrates a passion for teaching and cares very much for his students. If you have to, I recommend you going to office hours. He is very approachable and totally understanding. I highly recomend anyone who struggles with math to take him. He is great!
5.0 : Hands -down one of the best Math teachers out there. Javier is also very clear, helpful, and understanding towards his student. He's always laid back and very fun to be around; very relatable as well. I remember when my class had some pretty deep conversations in his class about life. Good times!
4.5 : I took Math 60 for fall semester and honestly I was really lucky to have Javier Haro as my professor. He's really helpful and the class is easy as long as you pay attention.
4.0 : Able to accommodate all his students through his office hours! You can ask him for help and he will give it to you. Go to his office hours and you'll get extra credit. LOTS of extra credit opportunities. Only 4 exams and a final. Homework is online, no textbook. Just do you work and you'll pass. BY THE WAY, no lecture notes JUST group work.
3.5 : HE'S A GOOD TEACHER BUT EXPECT GROUP WORK. NO NOTES, YOU HAVE TO LEARN YOURSELF. HE'S ABLE TO HELP YOU DURING OFFICE HOURS. IF YOU DON'T GET A PASSING GRADE ON TEST, HE'LL LET YOU CORRECT YOUR MISTAKES AND GIVES YOU SOME CREDIT BACK IF YOU SHOW UP TO HIS OFFICE HOURS.
4.5 : I took this class this past semester and have always struggled with algebra, but he really takes a different approach to teaching the class where he puts us in groups and guides us through the activities, this helped me understand new and old concepts easier.  The homework is online and expect word problems. Overall I would highly recommend.
4.0 : Great professor great lectures i would take again! He is not an easy A but, if you actually try and listen you will get an A! He cares about his students and hes pretty funny.
5.0 : He is super kind and is willing to explain anything uou have a question on. He is always willing to help and is super caribg for the students. If you want a class to learn and pass easily I recommend this professor.
5.0 : He is a very kind and willing to help students. I will recommend you to take his class if you want to get an easy A.
5.0 : He explains very well, and step by step.
5.0 : Really enjoyed taking Dr. Horowitz's American Indians: Image &amp; Issues in the Mass Media course. It was about 4-5 short assignments and no final. Just show up to class, do all the assigned material  and you'll do fine, I received an A-
5.0 : Makes the topics of American-Indian Studies relatable to real life and movies we watch follow with the topics discussed. You can tell he cares for his students and provides helpful resources to help students do well on papers and in the class. If you participate on the forum, complete all the work, you will pass.
5.0 : Joshua made the course interesting &amp; his lecture slides, textbook &amp; movies help relate to today's events. Grade is based on participation in the forum (movie, book, lectures) &amp; papers that go with the book. He really cares about his students, but has been behind on grading but he makes it up by being generous &amp; alerting us and being accommodating,
3.0 : He is very lecture heavy and tough on the small things.
5.0 : Classes consist of lectures/discussions of the readings &amp; movie or docs. we read 1-2ch per week &amp; have 5 short SIMPLE essays that go with the book. 5pts per class. He is really passionate about this class &amp; he is a great professor.  syllabus is important &amp; helpful. No final, just a paper. Lectures are short, we watch a movie every class.
5.0 : Larry is a fantastically kind, generous, experienced, knowledgeable educator and musician. He cares about his students and allows them to grow in their own way rather than forcing them into his own mold.  Larry's always has advise and tips  that you cannot find in books or on the internet.  He's fantastic, and SFSU is lucky to have him!
4.5 : Took guitar with him. Helps anyone and everyone with the same attitude, at any level of experience. Very, VERY patient and easy-going when it comes to grading. You learn a lot in a short amount of time, more than I expected in a one semester guitar class!
3.5 : Not very clear sometimes, but a really easy class to pass.
4.5 : Love Larry!
4.5 : He was awesome, super cool dude. Assigns 3 papers through out the whole semester, straight forward, easy concepts all based on the readings and notes taken in class. Attendance wasn't mandatory but going to call helps since he goes over the reading and gives helpful notes that can help for the papers. Pretty easy grader. Loved the class!
4.5 : Anna is an amazing professor! I always looked forward coming to her class! She always offered to help and made sure you passed. Expect to use the textbook a lot. Sometimes the homework assignments are pretty lengthy. As long as you study you'll be fine. She also offers a TON of extra credit. Would definitely recommend and take again.
5.0 : Anna is a very sweet person that truly cares. Curved the midterm. She was very helpful overall. If you ask help, she will definitely provide it. always comes to class with a smile. I definitely recommend
4.5 : Anna is one of the best professors I have had. She is very thoughtful and understanding, and her lectures are very interesting. She cares about each student and offers a lot of extra credit to make sure you pass. The midterm was relatively easy if you studied and other than simple homework's there is just one research assignment.
5.0 : Ashley is really chill with classwork and homework assignments. She give you a lot of time to work on your three essays. It is easy to contact her since she replies to you within 24hours. If you didn't submit your classwork assignments, you can submit it later for lesser points or do extra credits. Take this class!
5.0 : nice professor
5.0 : she's really nice and chill, super helpful and communicates extensively with class about expectations and assignments. show up and do the work: a few essays, ilearn posts and maybe a book project. no textbook. nice easy class for a first semester freshman. pretty fun.
5.0 : She is very understanding and lenient if life come's in the way and you can not turn in an assignment on time. She gives many examples and care's a lot about her students. I would definitely take any of her classes again!
4.0 : Ashley has been a great professor.  She's very clear in what she's looking for.  Homework is all based off of readings, simple responses to get checked each class. You'll also write about four essays, prompts are easy to follow.  She's very considerate and understanding of personal situations so she'll take late work -- don't test it though!
5.0 : Very chill and laid back professor. Assigns occasional busy work and offers extra credit. 3 essays and a final I-Search paper.
3.5 : She is really nice n patient. Always ready to answer questions and bring guest speakers throughout the semester. She makes every effort to deliver the knowledge she has about the subject to the students. 10% homework, 25% midterm, 25% final and 40% term paper, which is due end of the semester.
5.0 : Great person, great teacher. Wants her students to do well. However, lectures can get pretty boring (she tends to read the slides.) 2000 word paper due when you come in to take the final.
4.5 : I failed my first semester thanks to Mathew Kim but this semester, math isn't my strong suit, plus having a  bad teacher  doesn't help but Josh is none of those things, he actually cares whether we pass or not and whether we understand it, I give hima thumbs up all the way, he actually makes math seem durable
4.0 : Josh cares more about what you are learning rather than the grade you want. He is a very very nice guy and super cool! definitely suggest him
5.0 : he really does try to make precalc easy to understand. is extremely helpful and grades tests quickly.  there was homework though at least several times per week but helpful in learning the material
5.0 : I Rate this boy 3 spicy peppers. Top math teaching.
4.0 : Prof. Rhodes will defiantly help you understand math if it isn't your strong suit! He lectures well and makes sure that everyone understands what's going on before he moves on AKA very patient! He responds fast to emails, and is very accessible through office hours. He really prepares students for tests w/ practice problems. HW is online, do it!
5.0 : Best math teacher/professor I've ever had. Hated math before his class, he helped me understand and kept me engaged with the material during and outside of class. His teaching well prepared me for Calculus 2 and beyond.
5.0 : Amazing teacher because he does not give up until you understand the material. Unlike other Math 70 professors I took earlier in the semester, he actually explained everything. He is very funny and interactive. He gives 2 quizzes (3 questions each) for every 5 lessons based on the problems already done in class. No test, except for final. Great!
5.0 : I went into the semester thinking that (being a Gwar class) I would struggle having to write son many essays on topics that I had never dabbled in before. Professor Peck definitely made the entire experience quite pleasant. Nico keeps the class engaged and entertained. Just make sure to make it to class on time... All in all, I loved the class
5.0 : I was fairly worried about this class going in. A class called Rhetoric of Ecology at 8am (I'm commuting from Oakland) sounds like the last thing I would ever want to take. But Nico made this class very engaging and interesting. While I did not agree with Nico 100% of the time, Nico did a great job of giving everyone a chance to speak their mind.
4.0 : Ms. Britto was a great teacher. The class wrote a handful of essays all on the same topic so it made it easy to write since we already knew a lot about the topic and had an array of resources to use. Not too easy but not too hard. She cares about her students. I would recommend taking her class.
5.0 : Great teacher, if you're ever struggling and need help she will answer and give great explanation.
3.5 : Justin is cool and really emphasizes different POV in his lectures and likes it when you have differing opinions. Reading quizzes every week, and make sure you always participate in class. 1 unit paper, can do 2 and low score dropped. Final is a paper as well. Really relies on Powerpoints which gets extremely boring.
5.0 : I only took this course to satisfy my GE requirements, but it became my favorite course of the semester. I'm not even majoring in politics but I'm looking forward to taking another class with him. He does lecture most of the class but it's super open dialogue with tons of debating which is fun. Plus he's funny and super cute.
4.0 : Interesting class. Be sure to "participate" and be present to receive full participation grade otherwise you will not do so well (good chunk of overall grade). Peck is very helpful and knowledgeable. Strictly lecture, but expects class participation. There's 1 essay assigned and a take-home final. Just to add he grades a bit tough on papers.
4.0 : Professor Peck, although a new face around campus, is relatively good. Lectures take place from the start to end of class, don't expect to finish writing anything from a slide. Readings are long if you don't have the time. He's pretty hard on deadlines (papers and quizzes) so if you don't have an open schedule for mostly his class, don't sign up.
4.0 : George is a funny guy, and he wants his students to pass. Your grade is dependent on 2 tests- the midterm (40%) and the final (60%). He allows cheat sheets, but you MUST come to class to learn all the formulas. His accent is thick, but the formulas are necessary to pass the tests. Textbook isn't really necessary.
5.0 : He's a great man and a great teacher. I know him very well.  HE REALLY CARES ABOUT MY GRADES.
3.5 : This teacher is very helpful. I know FIN 350 is a difficult course, but he made it very easy to understand. His lecture is very straightforward, if you pay attention to the powerpoint and notes, you will do well in the exams. Allow 1 cheat sheet and curve the class, which is the easiest finance teacher out of all.
4.5 : George is a great teacher! Wants his students to succeed. Come to class, do all the worksheets he  gives out, and you will be fine.
5.0 : SHE SEEMS SCARY but Ileana is actually a nice person. Ileana has really high expectations, but this is a legit English class. Lots of group work, which I liked because I don't like classes where the teachers just stand there and lecture all the time, but that's just me. She really does care. I appreciated her more after taking 214 w/someone else.
5.0 : Professor da Silva expects the best out of her students. She always offered help to guide students to the best grade they can get. Honestly, your grade is on you. If you do not put in your effort, then you will not get the grade you want.
5.0 : Ileana is one of the best English professors on campus. Her class is definitely not an easy A, but I'm glad I didn't drop it. She's dedicated to her students, and she takes the time to give detailed feedback on everything. She also responds quickly to emails, unlike other professors. On top of all that, Ileana has an awesome personality. Take her!
4.0 : This spring semester was the toughest! Professor Ileana pushes you to be the best writer you can be. Slack off, YOU WON'T PASS! Honestly, despite the sleepless nights I dedicated to this class, it was by far one of my favorite classes. She's super cool and funny! She connects with her students and she's there when you need her.
4.0 : INTIMIDATING AT FIRST, but then you'll get used to her. Expect group work and class discussions. She dresses with swag. Mistaken her for a student. She greets you at the door when you're late, which I found amusing. Take her!
5.0 : Great class and really nice professor!! The class was 3 hours long but I didn't feel bored at all. I don't know about the other classes but I took this over the summer and thought it was pretty easy and went by fast. She's super funny and gets her students. Definitely recommend!
5.0 : Hands down one of my favorite classes and professors at SFSU. Really hard class and tough grade but it was worth it. She's funny and she cares about her students. Always replied to emails quick and reached out when I needed the help. If you're lazy this isn't the class for you but if you put in the time and effort you won't regret it.
5.0 : I had Ileana a few semesters ago &amp; she is really amazing. There was a lot of homework, but they help you out with your essays in the long run (finding main points, paraphrasing, and peer reviews). There's also blog posts you have to do for your final. She is intimidating at first, but is super sweet and nice. She will help you if you ask!
5.0 : Ileana is a tough grader and expects a lot from her students. She gives students the tools they need to meet her expectations. I've grown a lot as a writer, and if you email her your paper she will give you in-depth feedback. She respects her students, and they respect her. Her fun personality made it worth going at 9am.
5.0 : This teacher is definitely one of the best that I've had at SFSU. You work in groups the whole entire semester with a couple of individual assignments. She's very funny and you can tell she cares about each and every student. I highly suggest you take her! You will LOVE her. She also has work scenarios and we talk about what we'd do about it.
5.0 : Overall a great professor. She cares for her students. 3 group presentations, one group report and one individual final which was the elevator speech. There were so many people including me that were nervous for the final but she tries to make sure you're very comfortable when speaking in front of class. The group scenarios were very interesting.
4.5 : Ms. D was an amazing teacher who cares about her students! She makes learning fun, and her assignments can be applied to real life scenarios. You will work in a group setting,and her expectations are always clear. The assignments are not difficult. I enjoyed coming to class and wish she taught more business classes. TAKE HER! You won't regret it!
4.0 : Very easy teacher. Very laid back. A Must take for Bus Gwar 300
4.5 : She is the best instructor! She is very helpful and a few international students took her course. Some people might have a hard time, but as long as you follow her instructions you will do great. In office hour, she helps you a lot on assignments. We need instructors just like her!
5.0 : Nice and funny guy. Gives help in labs. Good lectures and easy to understand. Pay attention. Sometimes a few minutes late to lab.
5.0 : She was actually the lab instructor to KIN 384, but she is really nice! There are pop quizzes every week, but they are pretty easy if you at least skim over the lecture. She is pretty helpful and she does a lot of group work assignments, which aren't hard. She's a fun professor and super chill, not to mention really cute! Def would take her again.
5.0 : I love Heather!! Her lectures are always interesting and funny. I enjoy the stories she tells about her daughters and she's just an amazing prof. who really cares about her students. I bought the book but hardly touched it. Just take good notes on her lec's and you'll pass the tests! She also lets you use a cheat sheet for tests. No homework.
5.0 : She was the nicest teachers that I've ever had! There are only two tests and a paper w/ a presentation. Lectures are manageable but try not to skip any if you don't read. Weekly readings are easy if you just read the summarizes. Outlines are given for tests, tests are a curve ball so make sure you study. I love this woman and her ladyesque fashion!
5.0 : Ms. Glaros only has 1 midterm and 1 final.  They are both online and is an open textbook.
3.5 : The class was sooooooo easy.  The tests were all online and it was extremely easy to use her powerpoints to find the answers.
5.0 : Anne is a very kind and understanding professor. She gives feedback on your work quickly and her tests and quizzes are fair. For attendance, you must say your name at the beginning of the online chat and right after the 15 minute break that she gives you. This class is an easy A.
4.0 : All online, i would have rather been in a classroom environment, but oh well.
5.0 : This is my 2nd class w/ Anne. Super easy class. Consolidate all the powerpoints so that it is easier to search for the answers to her 4 quizzes, 1 MT, and Final (all are open book). Ctrl+f will be your best friend in this class. 4 forum posts that are 5 sentence max. She really listens &amp; cares about your opinions on the art pieces. Great class!
5.0 : Easy A. Do all her assignments. The answers are in her PPT, but if you have the book, it helps a lot too. The answers are literally off google or the textbook FOR SURE. Just make sure you're present during lecture, you don't really have to pay attention, but you should be there in case she mentions anything important.
1.0 : Online class. So easy, too easy so no challenge. Answers for tests can be found easily on PP or Google. Did not really learn anything or had to think about the art or its context. Nice images of the art.
1.0 : So easy, too easy so no challenge. Answers for tests can be found on PP. Did not really learn anything or had to think about the art or its context. Nice images of the art.
4.0 : Attendance is mandatory since it is an online class. We just have to meet every Friday from 1-4. There is 4 quiz and one midterm and final. You don't really need a book for her class.
5.0 : 3 hour online webcam lecture once every week. 4 quizzes, 1 midterm, 3-4 essays (3-5 sentences MAX). Super easy class, just show up type your name in for attendance at the beginning and after the break.
4.0 : This was an online class, but you have to sit in front of a computer and watch her lecture live. Attendance is a must as she knows how long you stayed during her lectures. 4 quizzes, 1 MT, 1 final that are super easy. All answers are on the powerpoint. 4 short writing prompts that are 3-5 sentences long - not difficult. I enjoyed her class.
5.0 : Her lectures are really interesting and she's welcoming to different perspectives. You have to sign in for her lectures because attendance matters. It was a really easygoing class but I actually learned a lot since I was enjoying it instead of stressing about the class. Which is another positive side of the class being easy. Take her if you can!!!
4.0 : Easy A. Just show up to the class online. Everything is on google or in their ppt. I didn't pay attention at all.
5.0 : Class was great! Interesting. Her quizzes and writing assignments were clear. Highly recommend if taking for GE credit! Have to attend online lecture once a week! Nice professor, quick feedback
5.0 : If you're looking for a simple, easy, and informative class to get through a GE I would highly recommend taking Anne Glaros for Art History. I took her online section and believe me, it is EASY! Most answers for quizzes/exams are either on her lecture notes or online. Check in to class each week and you should be fine.
4.0 : Funny, kind of sarcastic, but he's really chill. Weekly color studies. 5 projects - gives super specific criteria, but doesn't really follow it at the end. Expensive materials and textbook. One quiz and a take home final he gave like a month+ ahead of time.
4.5 : Had this instructor for my chem 102 lab, she was very clear on what class expectations were, and even gave mini-lectures at the beginning of each lab to make sure everyone was on the same page and understood the procedures and subject matters being covered. If you're going to take a chem lab, take it with her, you'll be able to pass no problem.
4.5 : Joy is super helpful during labs! She explains concepts and procedures pretty clearly. Most class days last 1-1.5 hours, so it's pretty quick. Lab reports can take some work, but the class is overall easy.
5.0 : This chem lab was super easy! Just follow the instructions given in the chem lab book and you will be good to go! There are only 4 quiz and they are super easy only about 5 questions each. She drops the lowest quiz and the chem reports are worth more  than the quiz.  After your done with your lab you can leave right away so class ends fast.
4.0 : Lab class was easy. Joy is very helpful. Don't be afraid to ask questions. 4 quizzes, no midterm or final exam. Quizzes are easy as well. Study guides posted on iLearn.  Complete lab reports (weighed more than quizzes).
4.5 : This professor is amazing. She is very helpful and extremely easy. By far my favorite Chem class EVER. There are weekly assignments but if you do them it is an easy A. There are NO test what so every and the labs really only last an hour or two at most. There is no text book required besides the homework workbook. I would 100% take her again.
5.0 : IF YOU LOVE ART, ENROLL THIS CLASS. EASY TO PASS. EASY TO GET A.
5.0 : Really good instructor, he really cares about his students and wants everyone to learn. Highly recommend him.
4.5 : He's a lab instructor but nonetheless he can also be a lecturer. He is very helpful in clarifying content learned in lecture. He wants the best out of his students and he will push you according to that standard. If you slack off he will grade accordingly and will offer help. Great lab and discussion professor.
5.0 : I had her for ENG 114 and she was great. She's very helpful and gives a lot of feedback which really helped me as a writer. She gives a decent amount of work, but as long as you do it and turn in your essays on time you should end with an A. Would definitely recommend to anyone who is good or bad in English.
3.5 : I thought she was a great professor, she always gave my friends and I excellent feedback.  I really appreciated how she was always clear with her grading and she always gave evidence to why she gave the grade that she did.  She is very positive and tells it like it is.  I think all teachers should be like that, she did a overall  great job.
4.5 : Even though I didn't do as well as I could have, this was one of the best english teachers I've ever had. She takes so much time to help you and actually cares that you get something out of her class. Really not that hard of a class either
5.0 : she's great and always makes sure that you take something away from the class, I'm taking a class with her this semester and I could say that she is the best English teacher I have ever had. :)
4.5 : Great teacher!  She's really nice and helpful!!!
4.5 : I had her for English 114 and she was great! She gives a lot of good feedback on essays and allows revisions, so it isn't too difficult to get a good grade if you put in the effort. Easy class but I learned a lot from it.
5.0 : He's great! Only a few books needed and one was a comic book. Very polite and understanding when it comes to problems in the class.
5.0 : I would recommend Prof Murphy to anybody. He allows everyone to go at their own pace, while still providing structure to the class. He is extremely understanding of his students life outside school and always keeps in mind that we have other classes to worry about, too.
4.0 : He's easy, but I hated the topics we covered in class and our essay topics. I also liked how I didn't have to buy a book or any course material for his class, which is great. He gives you a lot of freedom with your essays and let you choose the topic you want. You just have to be able to answer the essay question.
4.0 : This is the easiest class I've ever taken. Basically show up and turn in the work and you'll get an A. He doesn't even grade the assignments, just gives you feedback. Amazing and relaxing class to take. He sometimes brings cookies to class.
4.0 : Andrew truly appreciates the artistry of writing, and it showed every week in his class. All you have to do is turn in his creative little assignments and do the interesting readings he picks each week in order to get an A. Make sure you go to class and get the reading books that he has assigned! Other than that, this class was enjoyable and easy
5.0 : he's hella chill and will help you step by step
5.0 : If you choose her class, I can make sure that you will have a nice experience because  she doesn't have too much homework and too serious class atmosphere. You can do almost anything during class, including eat sth if you are hungry or go to the bathroom, etc. I like Julia so much and I can have another semester with her together.
4.5 : Probably my favorite teacher this semester. Her class primarily consisted of group discussions. She is lenient on all her assignments but is a strict grader when it comes to her midterms and final. She genuinely cares about her students education and succeeded in keeping her students engaged throughout the semester. She the real MVP.
5.0 : T/Th class yet we only had to come on Tuesdays. On Thursdays he posted video lectures online.  Easy A if you show up to all the classes and do all the assignments.  All the tests are online except last practical where you perform what we did in lab.  Book comes extremely helpful- you will need it. Cool guy, would recommend
2.0 : NO, don't take his class. NO extra credit. 30 questions/1h Test. Total 3 EXAMS (60% of ur grade) + 20% QUIZZES. Students asked to extend time, Teacher said NO. He said U can google the answers, but when U search, really can't find any answer. His questions are tricky, NOT straight forward from his lectures. Not good at calculating? Lose points.
5.0 : I think that Bagley is an excellent professor. It is true that there is a lot of topics to cover but that is to be expected for an upper division class. His lessons are very interesting and as long as you think that way, the lessons become much significantly easier.
5.0 : He's very knowledgeable with his material and is also funny. Did I mention that he is also hot?
5.0 : So far, the best professor I ever had. Class grade is based on tests, homework and attendance. She explains the material clear and is really nice. She connects many life examples to the material, it can be really funny depending on however you take it. I'd definitely take her class again!!!! do the homework, study power-points, and attend the class
5.0 : Best Accounting teacher out there, clear and concise on explaining the course. Makes accounting easy, just go to class. She is always ready to answer questions and makes time available for you to meet her for more clarification. Really helpful and may sometimes give extra credit. You need online code for homework.
3.5 : She is a good professor. Her tests are easy if you study hard enough. Her notes are not organized when she writes on the board, so you will have to do that yourself.
4.5 : Dr. Bing Luo is new to SFSU. She is around her early 30s. She is very sweet and will answer your questions before, during or after class. Make sure to go to class because if you miss one day, you miss half of the chapter that you read on your textbook. Her accent makes it kind of difficult to understand her questions at times.
4.0 : Great teacher! Course is tough, so she expects you to come prepared. 5Q quiz at the beginning of class, so read the chapter &amp; review PP slides prior to class. HW optional but helps on exams. 3 tough exams (gives study guide) &amp; 1 group project. Overall, work hard and you will pass. Learned a lot!!
4.0 : This is her first time teaching 301 but she did very well. Weekly quizzes(5 questions, no computation)that are based mostly off of her powerpoint slides , so if you study those you'll do fine. 3 exams. Hard course in general DONT expect EASY A, so study and ask questions and you should pass. Wish she taught 302 I would definitely take her again.
5.0 : This class is hard by nature but Professor Luo does an excellent job explaining it and making sure the class understands and if you don't she is more than welcoming during her office hrs. Class consists of weekly quizzes (all concept understanding) , 2 midterms, 1 research paper and her final. Put it the work and she'll give you the grade )
5.0 : Accounting is hard naturally. However she does very well on explaining the concept and giving a real scenario about it. Tests are easier than almost all the professor, but still need to spend lots of time studying. If you do the homework and reading then this will be an easy class.
5.0 : Her first semester here at SFSU and i got to say, the school is lucky to have her as a teacher here. She is always there for you when u need help. She will explain to u the stuff you dont get even if it takes all day! Homework is not hard, it helps u understand the material better. There are no tricks in the test, super straight forward! take her.
5.0 : Christina is fantastic! She really pays attention to all her students and wants them to succeed not only in ballet, but in any kind of performance art. Always there to help and clearly answers questions. LOVE HER!
5.0 : I adored Jason. SO sweet and he's passionate about the class. Homework/projects were minimal and easy. He gives in-depth, thoughtful feedback which made the experience so personal. Really, sincerely cares about every student and every assignment. Easiest grader in the world (you'll leave with an A+). Classes a little boring and material simple.
5.0 : Jason Mousel is a wonderful professor! I love his story about being an accountant and then switching to studying nutrition. Very inspiring! He always gives you feedback too, which I enjoy reading. His assignments include a research paper and weekly homework- 1 midterm &amp; 1 final. I never used the textbook because I took good class notes!
5.0 : Professor Chen made ACCT101 well, easy. I barely scraped by in ACCT100 so I was terrified. Chen's lectures are very clear, &amp; so easy to follow, that I didn't even end up buying the textbook (only the code) &amp; earned a solid A. I scored a 108% on an exam, something that wouldn't have been possible if it weren't for her excellent teaching.  Recommend!
5.0 : She is so sweet. Is willing to help out in any way. Yes ACCT 101 is hard but she explains it very well and makes it as easy as it possibly can. She talks kind of fast, but if you ask her to re-explain she has no problem doing so. She gives a pop quiz before the test but she literally tells you there will be a pop quiz the class before. Recommend!!!
5.0 : I love Professor Chen, She is the best Accounting teacher  i have ever seen in San Francisco State. I love her lecture she will always ask student's feedback and make sure you know everything. She is always ready to help and answer questions. If you follow the steps, listen to lectures and study, you will definitely get a good grade. Nice Teacher!
5.0 : Professor Chen is very approachable and helpful; not intimidating in the least. She is very knowledgeable in this subject. Her lectures are clear, easy to follow, and extremely relevant to homework and exams. Grading: Attendance is taken through group discussions (8%), weekly homework (12%), 4 pop quizzes (5%), 3 exams (75%). Highly recommend!
5.0 : Min Chen is a nice professor. She's the type of professor who teaches from the PowerPoint slides. Her exams  consists of 25 multiple choice questions and it follows the format of the practice exam. Homework are assigned on MyAccountingLab and she also gave us some pop-quizzes which had about 2 questions
5.0 : Best teacher that I have never see in SFSU. This is not an easy class, but Pro Chen tried to explain it easily. Offered extra credit. Always care about her students. Office hours if students need help. I will take her again.
5.0 : Professor Chen shows you how to solve problems step-by-step during class. Homework was on MyAccountingLab, which was very helpful. The professor frequently asked for feedback from students and tried to be as accommodating as possible. Expect pop quizzes, graded practice exams (similar to actual exams), a cumulative final, &amp; easy extra credit.
5.0 : Professor Chen cares and if you work hard and pay attention to all the examples gone over in class and study all of the practice exams, you should be fine. The exams are meant to trick you they are super straight forward and pull from the practice exam and her powerpoint slides. I definitely recommend her!
5.0 : Such a great professor. Made managerial accounting less terrifying. It was her first semester teaching here, and I think she did a great job. Tests make up 78% of your grade, 17% to homework, and 5% for attendance. Her exams are exactly like the homework questions, just numbers changed and such. Definitely would take again!
5.0 : Chen is an amazing teacher. She's straight forward, to the point, and everything she discusses in lectures is completely relevant to exams. The criteria, class structure and course material is really easy to follow. If you do whats asked of you, and if you do the HW you'll pass no problem.
5.0 : You will need the text book. Her class was great she's knows her stuff . The test were easy she provides a study guide with everything that'll be on there. Do the study guide and test will be easy.  A lot of in class group work
5.0 : Reprotech was so interesting! Dr. Conaghan's lectures were so engaging and fun. No tests. No final. Just weekly quizzes that are a piece of cake. Show up and you'll get an A. He gives out a bunch of extra credit as well. Take it!
4.0 : Best instructor I've had at SFSU. Gives genuine critique on films and even good suggestions to make them better. Open to leaving you to your project and helps whenever you need it. Very understanding and deadlines are not set in stone. gives you as much time as you need. Very nice and approachable but has a strong accent.
5.0 : Mrs. Laird is a very nice and awesome teacher. Overall an easy grader. Had 4 essays that we turned in during the semester and then at the end, the final portfolio with those revised essays. Pretty clear and very easy class. She is also easy to talk to and funny. Definitely recommend and no tests at all.
5.0 : Hayley is a passionate teacher who loves her job. She really is there for the students, giving valuable feedback and constantly encouraging everyone to be involved. I improved on my essay writing skills extensively by the end of the year. I would definitely recommend her to a friend.
5.0 : Professor Bell is really good at getting you to think about the whole picture and different perspectives. Read a couple books in his class and discussed them. Super easy and laid back professor. A couple papers and a project was graded. He really lets you get your opinion out there in class for everyone and respects it.
4.0 : I'm really glad I took this class with him. It was incredibly informative on race, crime, and justice and how they are all connected; and he speaks from personal experience. He's very inspiring and gets the students talking.
5.0 : I took him for Counseling 691 and he was a very amazing professor. This was his first time teaching the class . 2 essays in total and 1 final where you have to make your own video about the history of food or culture. There was a second teacher teaching the class with him as well and both were very open. Not a hard grader and very easy.
5.0 : Sam is a great teacher. I took him for Argument &amp; Debate, which was scary at first but he made everyone comfortable. He's a champion debate coach so you learn tons! If you are afraid of public speaking, take him. He helps you a lot if you need it and is super nice. No tests just several debates and short reflection papers.
5.0 : Pretty amazing teaching style! Has a great sense of humor. AND is able to effectively lead a class with organization.
5.0 : Sam is an awesome professor! Took him for an Intro to Oral Interpretation class and he makes you become more aware of your voice. You learn a lot of speaking techniques which was quite entertaining during lecture. It's a performance class so attendance is mandatory. Overall would recommend!
5.0 : Really awesome professor! Very respectful of his students and up to date on politics. He's understanding and he'll extend deadlines if you need. His lectures are engaging and he often facilitates class discussion. It's a shame he's leaving the school!
4.0 : Doesn't try tricking you at all with homework or tests, everything is in her lectures. If you can't find the answer to a question, definitely check the textbook. Little homework, one midterm, and one final paper that you choose the topic for. Has participation assignments she counts for attendance, so don't miss class.  Does offer extra credit.
5.0 : Sabrina is amazing and she keeps the lectures really interesting.  We ave a few quizzes, a midterm, and then a final paper on a topic that you choose.  There are so many extra credit opportunities and also we don't have much homework at all. Definitely would recommend.
5.0 : There's a decent amount of homework given, but it's all very interesting and most students can actually relate well to it.
5.0 : One of my most favorite professors. She's dope and can connect to youth in ways most professors cannot. Work load is light, but inspires you to see the world differently. Amazing lectures and even better actives within the class room. Side note: Really attractive, don't get distracted.
5.0 : Cindy rocks; she is chill, knowledgeable, and  super nice.  Assigns a very reasonable amount of work, do it and you'll get an easy A.... NO TESTS.  Also all her papers are like 2-4 pages double space.  Take the class.
5.0 : Loved having Cindy as an ethnic studies professor. Super kind and nice. Do the work and show up, you're guaranteed to pass the class. Not a tough grader. Highly recommend.
5.0 : She is hella dope and chill. She makes the class feel safe and welcoming especially during class discussions. Her use of powerpoint, music, videos, and articles all connected to her topic/lecture which made the students more engaged.
5.0 : Cindy is the best! She is really caring and will make sure you pass her class. She is always there to help you.
5.0 : CINDY HUYNH IS THE BEST PROFESSOR, ROLE MODEL, AND HUMAN BEING. She genuinely cares for ALL her students. PLEASE TAKE HER COURSES. You will seriously become a better person and student.
5.0 : she's the best professor I've ever had. She's so down to earth and respectful even if she's against your opinions. She will remain objective. She's a well-deserved role model to all students ever. She's very understanding and kind. Best class ever if you're really into learning about ethnic studies. Dope ass tats too!
5.0 : Professor Donnell is a very gentle lecturer, who relies heavily on class participation. Her teaching style is very interactive, but suffers from lifeless students who routinely refuse to participate. The class is a good mixture of group activities, documentaries, presentations, and full lectures. Each week there is online homework.
4.0 : I took this class because I am interested in Korean culture. Grades basically consists of forums and quizzes (usually 3 questions). Easy grader and a caring professor.
4.5 : Professor Elmofty was a really nice instructor, she was straightforward and very likable. The PowerPoint presentations can get a little redundant, but she just wants all of her students to really grasp the material. My advice for students would be to try and look over the PPT before class, so that you have some foundation. Would recommend.
5.0 : So good!!!
5.0 : She was better than most professors I know that have 10-yr. Her lectures are very clear. Only 3 main exams that are straightforward if you study, she even says the point is not to trick you with the questions. There are 3 online quizzes that are fairly simple as well. A &amp; P is a difficult subject, but take Professor Elmofty and you won't regret it
4.0 : The class was overall kind of easy. There are a few speeches and like one paper where he gave us an entire outline so it wasn't hard at all. I did every speech the night before, and I got an A on every one. Jared's really nice and calls everybody his friend and his highlighter is on fleeeeek.
1.0 : Acts more of an activist than a professor, a nice person but not professional in any way as a teacher. All you need to do is show up and do the work
5.0 : She's amazing.  Take her class if it's the last thing you do!
5.0 : Fun class, there are a few speech and projects but wasn't difficult.
4.0 : Jade is a very interesting professor. She's very knowledge about all things regarding communication, but she acts like she's one of the students. The class isn't very difficult, she tailors it to your interests when she can. I found the work rewarding however, and I was proud of what I did. As long as you put in the work, you should be golden.
4.0 : She makes the class interesting, but keep in mind she invests more in students who are involved/interested in social justice than others in the class. Lectures almost every day, but also includes class discussion. She is understanding if you need to miss a class, even on speech days. I never opened the book, so don't bother buying it!
5.0 : Great professor! I would definitely recommend taking her for COMM 150. Focus heavily on social justice which I really enjoyed. There were lots of class discussions that showed us different viewpoints. Overall, a fun way to learn comm concepts. Really caring and understanding professor. I wouldn't recommend buying the textbook tho, we didn't need it
5.0 : Ill start off by saying I hate speeches. Yet, Jade is a real gem and im more than enthusiastic about going to her class. Social Justice party 24/7. Jade is hella caring and understanding. Will be understanding of any situation. She needs to be paid more so she can keep being a professor at SFSU.
5.0 : I love Jade so much!! She was such an amazing teacher, I wish she taught every subject. This class was super easy, 4 speeches and 1 paper. I hate giving speeches but Jade makes the classroom a comfortable place to speak your mind. Participation is important, but she is very understanding of person issues.
3.0 : Great teacher, but is definitely a bit too PC and spends too much time shoving her liberal agenda in everyone's face. (In San Francisco too, I mean come on) The speeches, although few, are very manageable and easy-A's as long as you keep good eye contact, speak clearly, and write according to the rubric. Great personality, okay-ish teacher.
5.0 : Sage is really nice and friendly. She goes over the material really well and does not give quizzes/exams. Just a few papers and speeches. She is an easy grader so do not worry about giving your speeches. Her homework assignments were making a list of ten things. She is entertaining and knows what she's talking about. Take notes and you will be fine
5.0 : Today's class was life changing if there was a teacher olympics she gets gold she teaches in a way that doesn't make u feel your just taking the class cuz u have to she makes u wish EVERY CLASS WAS THIS AMAZING to be cheesy she makes learning fun just show up open minded ready to learn you'll pass
5.0 : Dr. Kreindler does not normally teach at SFSU, but she was brought in to cover the semester while another instructor was out. She works as an archaeologist in Italy and was extremely knowledge, helpful, and easily approachable. If she ever teaches another class at SFSU, I will be sure to take it!
5.0 : Quizzes each week (after the chapters, you get the weekends to study for the quizzes).  Don't really need textbooks, the things that she explains in her lectures, are covered from textbooks.  (Can share textbook with peers and just read the summary)
5.0 : Mr. Wanek is an amazing instructor and an exceptional human being! He is a very good video editor and photographer. Super easy going and knowledgeable. Take his Video Editing I class &amp; you will learn a ton of stuff. His class is all hands-on based, no textbook required. Just show up to class, do all the assignment and you will be rewarded.
5.0 : Great teacher!!!
4.5 : Awesome instructor. Take him.
4.0 : Great instructor, great person. Besides helping you learn in class, he sets up field trips that enhance your learning and help you establish industry connections. He helps students in any way that he can including giving leads on internships and work. Helped me personally with an internship I was applying to.
4.0 : no tests just projects. explains all the codes thoroughly. explains why they're important. laid back class just do the projects (which are easy if you if pay attentions when he explains the codes) and you'll pass. If you ask questions when  you don't understand something, he'll be there to answer them. attendance not mandatory but important.
4.5 : Professor Jacobson is a about as tough as it gets as a professor, which seems really weird because he is so young. His tests are impossible if you don't take notes during lecture or read the book. He's a very clear teacher who's passionate about the topic. Very cute too!!
4.0 : Professor Chion-Cunningham is a really great teacher. If you're looking to learn Spanish seriously or just fill an extra credit requirement, I recommend her. She's funny and nice and really cute to be honest! She grades easily and you probably will get an A if you just do the work.
4.0 : She's a pretty hard grader. She gave me a B on participation when I participated the most in the class. A lot others got Fs. Overall she is very passionate about the subject and will make sure you understand the subject by having you write a one page reflection of the reading each week. She's a teacher I actually learned many things from. TALK ALOT
5.0 : I love Pati! I dreaded but COMM150 w/ her was one of my favorite classes! I like how instead of quizzes, she just makes us write journals about the chapter. It's pretty easy to get an A but you gotta make sure you put in the work! Plus, she uses the same outline for all her speeches, so it is pretty clear what she expects from her students.
5.0 : Patti is really chill and funny.  Work hard on speeches, she grades hard on those and they're what really matter. Otherwise you can skim the book and write journals and get 100% on them. Only a few speeches during the whole semester, show up to class because she pays attention and uses it for participation.
4.0 : Loved her class!! She was nice, but I felt some students took that as advantage because some would talk over her sometimes. :( aside from that, you do 1-2 page summary on the reading you had that week, super easy, speeches were cool, whenever someone was shy, she would let them start whenever they were ready, i recommend her to anyone !!
4.0 : Pati is great. She is a standup comedian and she is hilarious. Although sometimes she takes things too serious and seems like she tries a little to hard, she's great. If you do your assignments and show up to class on time, you should be fine.
5.0 : Pati is one of the best teachers I've ever had. She is pretty young compared to alot of other professors but she really knows what she's talking about. She's hella funny and makes the class interesting. For sure recommend her.
4.0 : She's real cool and funny. Would recommend. Workload would consist of reading about 2 chapters from the textbook each month, as well as a speech. How much work you put in definitely shapes your grade at the end of the semester. But there's nothing to be afraid about.
5.0 : Pati is amazing! Love her and her sarcasm. I had a huge fear of public speaking but provided an excellent environment to overcome my fear. She's detailed and always provides great feedback.
5.0 : He's a very clear and understanding professor! There are no tests, no due dates for any of the assignments (turn something in 2 weeks late and he'll still give you full credit for it), allows you to redo assignments for a better grade. Show up and do the work and you'll get an A easily.
4.5 : Cares about his students! He explains what he wants clearly, he allows you turn in revisions to get a higher grade. He is there for you and wants you to succeed. The best Bus 300 professor at SFSU. If you can take him, take bus 300 with him!
5.0 : Professor Alden's class has writing due every week but there are no quizzes or tests. Attendance is mandatory and we do a lot of in class writing which I thought would be boring but is actually really helpful later when I have to go back and write longer pieces.(She's also been a help to me and understanding when I've had some tough stuff going on)
4.5 : Love this class! It was 3 hours long, but it was never boring at all. She's funny and very friendly. Homework is due weekly but it's never a pain to do because it's creative writing.
3.5 : Homework every week, but pretty easy. Final is a portfolio of your work. Don't leave it until last minute, it's a lot. Doesn't explain final until the last 2 weeks of class. TA Gavin was better than professor, he's cool.
4.0 : This class is an easy A as long as you show up (and don't leave early because she requires you to sign in and out of class to get credit) and do the weekly home works which are easy and not time consuming at all. Took the three hour lecture, which was boring but bearable esp because she let us out early majority of the time.
5.0 : Show up to class, do your writing assignments,  you'll be fine. You study poetry, fiction, and plays. You will write several poems, one short story, and one short play or long scene. The final is a portfolio of some poems (original and revised versions), your short story (original and revised version), and your play or scene (original and revised version). The teacher is nice and approachable if you have a problem or need an extension.
4.0 : She is a great professor and very easy going.  Attendance is essential in order to pass.  I had her 3 hour class and she'd usually end it early so that was nice.  No tests or quizzes, but there are short writing assignments every week.  Not too painful and I'd definitely recommend this class.
5.0 : Levy is a great! His first time teaching ISYS 350, but he makes sure people understand and encourages students to ask questions. Weekly assignment, 2 tests. Lots of time in class to work on assignments. FREE TEXTBOOK. Very casual, the kind of guy that will sit on a table and talk with the class rather than a snoozing lecture.
1.0 : Do not take her!!She is very unclear how papers are written. Even tried going to office hours and just repeated what she said in class which was of course unclear! in total you will have about 5 papers due. and her class is always working in groups every single time! if you can avoid her unless if you are up into a  challenge and have a lot of time
5.0 : She  always delivers great lectures, a variety of learning modalities, her syllabus is on point, and she really takes the time to go over everything you need to have a great learning experience.  She is very personable, cares about her students, open-minded,  helps if you need it. Her classes are not for slackers but  YOU LEARN A LOT-GREAT TEACHER!
5.0 : Awesome! Really cares about her students. Gives great feedback and offers resources to help you develop thesis for research paper. Clear guidelines. Amazing breadth of knowledge. Not for slackers- A Great Learning Experience!
5.0 : Prof Luengo is undoubtedly one of if not the best prof I've had thus far. She cares for her students. She's always making sure all, ALL, her students can succeed in class. If you don't understand something she explains again, and her doors are always open to her students. You'll be inspired by each and every class session you take with her.
5.0 : Must take a class with Ana Luengo if you get a chance. The best. She's always willing to help her students and meet students' needs. Will take her again, you bet!!!
5.0 : She is one of my favorite teachers that I've had so far attending SF State and a great teacher for HUM 214. You also get to do an awesome blog project during the semester. I enjoyed her class very much and would definitely want to take her again.
3.5 : very helpful, uses exercises relevant to the course.
5.0 : Brandon is awesome!  The assigned readings weren't too hard, but really good.  I appreciated the way he engaged the class in critical discussions of the readings.  He gave me helpful feedback a few times, encouraging me to delve deeper into my narratives and not be afraid to write from a foreign perspective.  All that, AND he's easy on the eyes!
5.0 : I'm not a writer but I really liked this class. The readings we did were pretty easy and fun. I would take another class with Brandon.
3.0 : It's clear that Professor Kenney is relatively new to teaching here at SFSU, which is fine since people have to start somewhere, but I don't appreciate being constantly reminded to highlight my assigned articles or how to use an academic search on the library site. If you're an undergrad who wants to relive a high school AVID class, this is for you
5.0 : This professor is encouraging, interesting, and supportive. Her course material is well balanced and interesting.  She is engaging and uses current and impactful information.  She is super smart too.  Never boring. She is young and has tons of energy and connects with students well.  I would take more courses from this instructor.
5.0 : This Professor is an excellent one. If you are looking for the type of teacher is engaging and "meets you where you are" she is there. She assigns a lot of reading but it is quality and melds together well. Her class has helped me enjoy school again.
4.5 : Julie is a great teacher! She's very understanding. Make sure you attend class because it's part of participation. Her tests are tough so make sure you study. I recommend that you take her as your teacher! YOU WILL LEARN! TRUST ME, YOU WILL LEARN!
4.0 : HIGHLY SUGGEST TAKING HER!!!!! You will learn from her! She's very generous with grading
5.0 : Professor Come is an amazing person who truly wants all her students to learn, and learn from their mistakes. She is a very understanding person, but if you don't come to class, then you won't pass. You must come to class, and I don't see why you don't want to because she is great at teaching and helping students so that they can better themselves.
4.0 : Lots of classwork, somewhat alot of hw. Super chill teacher, she really connects with her students. Her tests are whatever... pretty easy if you get the material. Always includes easy bonus questions for easy points. Needs to be a little more organized though
4.0 : She is a very chill professor but knows what she wants from her students. She is very easy to approach &amp; wants her students to succeed. There is some group work involved &amp; wants students to interact with one another. Her tests are pretty straight forward &amp; are pretty similar to homework &amp; the study guides.
5.0 : Super chill and funny teacher who tries to relate to her students. She hands down cares for her students and will go above and beyond if their willing to put in the effort. She really makes sure you get the material that is being taught &amp; always holds office hours for extra help. Such a good professor &amp; would take her class again.
4.0 : Diana is such a sweet professor! She really wants you to do well in her class and encourages students to participate, if you do a problem in front of the class you might even get extra credit! Go to her office hours if you need help! The pace is a little slow, but that's because she wants everyone to know and understand the material.  Def recommend
5.0 : she's relatively new to SFSU. Grades on 3 tests, and one cumulative final, one sided cheat sheet can be used for each. She teaches directly from her own notes, no powerpoints. makes her 3 hour classes seem like an hour. she's lively and interesting throughout the entire class. Definitely my fav prof at SFSU
5.0 : Take her for 508! Her three hour classes tend to go by quickly because she is very lively and engaging during her lectures. Her voice is loud and she explains things very clearly. Very open to questions and genuinely wants students to do well. She lets you use cheat sheets and the exam questions are similar to the homework questions.
5.0 : Definitely take her for tax! Taxation can be a very complex subject but she explains the material very clearly. Her class discussions are entertaining and keep you awake during her 3 hour classes. She allows you to use a page of notes for exams and she tells you what to study. Her final is cumulative but she gives you a helpful study guide.
4.0 : She's very laid-back, attendance matters and is appreciated, but she isn't very strict. Participation is good, but again not graded. Very very easy to pass, just show up and participate with good effort and it's an easy A. She makes you feel comfortable and is easy to talk to, supportive for things school related or not. Used the book maybe once.
5.0 : She doesn't believe in tests, which right off the bat is awesome! You must attend class but class is always fun and exciting. All the speeches are about something that is important to each individual so it makes it very easy. She helps you work on your communication skills a lot and never makes you feel unprepared! I 100% recommend Angelina!!
5.0 : She's the best teacher I've ever had. Super chill, she's in grad school so the age gap is not big. Is actually funny and has good ice breakers and funny role questions to ease into class. Never any homework besides a few essays towards the end of the semester, but they're super easy. Takes attendance every once in a while but not for many points.
5.0 : TAKE HER! Angelina is amazing. She's understanding &amp; hilarious. Her class was hands down my fav! She made class fun and enjoyable. I actually never wanted to miss class! She created a safe and comfortable environment. Through the semester we had a couple online quizzes (easy), 1 presentation, &amp; 2 speeches. All very easy and interesting. TAKE HER!!!
5.0 : Awesome!!! No hw and the only thing we have is like 4 speeches which are super easy and easy As. Shes hilarious and its super fun going to class. Highly recommend this class!!!!
5.0 : Angelina is great. She grades you based on your improvement in class. She's a grad student and performer which makes the class her stage. Guidelines are super clear and she's extremely supportive when you present, giving the nods when she might not even know what you're talking about.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors! She's really helpful in improving speech ability and is also super funny. One of the most down-to-earth teachers I know, and always finds a way to make class fun and educational at the same time. Take her class!
5.0 : Angelina is a great professor. I was so scared about taking a public speaking class, but Angelina makes the room so comfortable and easy going. She understands stage fright and the shakiness and anxiety will not effect your grade. Just show up to class and join in on discussions. She loves to hear other students input on different topics.
4.0 : She is very much a theatre person and uses what shes learn from that to teach her students about how to present and communicate with confidence. There are 5 main speeches in this course that are fairly easy to do as she gives you time and resources to prep. There are also journals throughout, CHECK iLEARN! (highly recommend for freshman)
5.0 : Angelina is a caring teacher. She really prefers if the students participate and have input/ commentary upon the subject or anything that is discussed in class. Approachable and hilarious are some traits I would describe her to be. The course it self is depended on speeches and attendance, you will have to participate in these and put in effort.
4.0 : Angelina is very caring and understanding. She takes the time to get to know her students and is very encouraging and wants students to succeed. Would definitely recommend her as a teacher, especially for freshman.
5.0 : She's one of the best teachers I've ever had! Her class is fun and all the speeches are easy to get an A on. She gives clear grading criteria and really walks you through the material and what she expects.
5.0 : Shes a great teacher who teaches very well about how to work a camera. Ive learned a lot. The only thing is there is an assignment every week, but if you try and do the assignment you should be fine. P.S. you need a DSLR to take the class. Dont buy textbook.
3.0 : He is a good teacher if you let him. He can be confusing at times, like he confuses himself, but his main objective is to make you understand the basics of math. If you show up and try though, you will pass fine.
4.0 : John was an overall great professor. He's kind of cute and he has a funny laugh. He's really helpful if you go to office hours, he takes attendance often, and he assigns a lot of homework. If you go to class and do the homework, it's an easy A!
5.0 : Professor John was such an amazing teacher. He taught the criteria well and explained it in multiple ways for his students to be able to understand it. Really dorky and cute would definitely recommend this class.  If you get a bad grade on a test he gives you an opportunity to boost up your grade up to 75% if you go to his office hours. :)!
4.0 : Honestly, I don't think I would've passed math if it weren't for John's persistence and dedication to his job. He explained things in a way I could understand and if I needed clarification he was happy to explain it again. Overall, a very great teacher. (Also very attractive)
4.0 : John is a pretty great professor! He can be confusing at times but if you ask again he'll take time to explain. He's a very chill prof, very approachable and easy to connect with. Attendance is not mandatory. Do the hw he gives. Pretty attractive and very passionate about math. Interesting class as well
4.5 : Professor Laird was an amazing teacher! She'll be there for you if you ever need help, go to her office hours!! I took her 3 hr class, and it went by pretty fast. Her lectures are interesting, and the work she gives is pretty easy. As long as you try, and show up to class, you'll pass.
4.5 : She's really adorable. The class was not too hard, but she expects perfect essays which is nearly impossible. You have to be in class all the time to pass and gets your participation points. Papers are usually 3-5 pages. But she is a tough grader.
4.5 : Matina is a great professor. She allows you to express your thoughts on issues that are relevant and enjoys when you write your papers on issues you care about. She is very open to helping and a fun professor.
4.5 : Great professor.  Really understanding.  Would take her class again.
4.5 : Very cool class. You learn so much about human values and culture through different mediums. No tests, only 2 essays and a lot of readings. Participation matters. She's an awesome teacher and I highly recommend her!
4.0 : He gives essays after essays but is super nice and is willing to extend deadlines if you email him before hand.
4.5 : He is a very good professor! Course is very helpful and office hours are highly recommended for his papers because he explains better and gives his immediate feedback that is helpful. He may take a while to grade assignments and return them. But I hate how he makes us re-do essays over and over again. Overall, he is good. Take him. Won't regret it!
5.0 : Nguyen is a great, she gives very detailed lectures. She's very easy with homework and exams. She gives weekly homework, and easy little quizzes every friday and some are group quizzes, only three big exams (two midterms and one final) all very easy with the practice exams she provides they're nearly identical! and a cheat sheet for the final.
1.0 : Worst teacher ever. She would assign hw that she never even tried to explain. I completed my hw and put almost every effort that I had but still so  heartless when it comes to gradinG. It wouldn't matter to her even if you show efforts.
5.0 : She gives lectures every class and at the end of every week, there is a quiz and one homework assignment due the same day. Her lectures are clear and easy to follow as long as you take notes. There are two midterms and one final for this class, which she allows a cheat sheet for the final. Really friendly professor&amp;would definitely take her again.
5.0 : Best Math Professor ever! She is so nice and caring and her lectures are very clear and detailed. Before her midterm, she gives us the review sheet which is the same as the exams just with different numbers. I wish she taught all my math classes!
4.5 : Great Teacher! Super nice and is very clear in her assignments. Only 4 tests and 4 HW assignment and 1 final project. She wrote me a letter of recommendation and got it back to me right away. Made it so we didn't have to buy the expensive textbook by including all the information on the Power Point slides. Would recommend!
5.0 : Professor Brown is funny, interesting, and warm guy. He wants you to do well, and he wants you to show him that you care about jazz. 2 assignments: reviews of jazz shows you go to. A mid term, and a final. I passed with 105%. Honestly, if you don't get an A, you didn't try at all. Brown is the man! definitely going to remember him and class fondly
4.0 : Prof. Brown is awesome. He wants you to succeed and he knows his stuff. He also invited his friends to perform for the class twice which was fantastic. Classes are usually either lecture/discussion or jazz documentary (which is boring tbh). But I actually learned a lot about jazz (there are some kinds I actually like!) and heard some cool stories.
4.0 : 5 short concert review papers. one midterm and one final. mostly watch history jazz videos in class and somewhat lectures. attendance is taken every class with a sign in sheet
5.0 : Right now i have 107.5% in the class and i just been doing all of his assignments and tests and showing up to class regularly and extra credit. Nothing too difficult, really chill and easy going type of guy. Need to attend Live concerts and write reviews. Lots of movie watching. Book not necessary. Eazy A, good taste of the ultimate jazz experience
4.0 : rally easy. boring but easy. just watching jazz documentaries and taking notes. main think is to write down the musicians names and know why they are important, thats for the tests. should attend to two jazz concert and write a review paper. i think they are easy fair assignments
4.5 : Biggs is an awesome professor. He is very talented and can play multiple instruments like a pro! The coolest part is that he treats all his students as if we are professionals just like him. Someone can be terrible at keeping up tempo, but he still manages to say "YEAH THERE WE GO" to keep them going! highly recommend any class he teaches!
4.0 : LOVED this class. Definitely learned more about music than ever before. I realized his greatest asset is integrating everyone's talents into the class. He'll teach you more about playing with others and feeling the music than learning structured musical basics. The drums will get old, but stick to the class! Definitely worth it.
4.0 : She is very kind and really into what she teaches. She seems shy, though. Lectures were a little boring but she started to come out of her shell. There was never homework, just three tests that aren't too difficult. No extra reading. Lots of guest speakers.
2.0 : He's alright. He seemed new to teaching and you could tell in his lectures he wouldn't really know what to say. Overall easy class just an assignment every week, a paper, midterm, and final.
4.0 : I like this class because I don't need to purchase textbooks. Any reading or homework he uploads on ilearn. He seems a bit distracted sometimes but overall knows the material. Used to show irrelevant, but funny, videos but has been dialing back on that.
4.0 : You should take his class he is a very kind and nice lecturer! He seems new to teaching but I can tell he put alot of effort in class. He always show us some funny video or GIF in class as academic purpose. An easy A subject if you listen in class.
5.0 : He is a very good teacher in SFSU, I love this class so much. You can get an easy A.
5.0 : He seems new to teach, and he explains it well.
4.5 : New professor at SF State. She takes care of students. Although attendance is not mandatory, go to class as much as possible for extra(?) credits. Had easy quizzes every 2 or 3 chapters. But midterms are about applying concepts to scenarios and that makes them hard. For final group project, pick your mate and topic carefully and spend enough time.
3.0 : She is a very nice teacher, but the exams were pretty difficult. She made sure everyone trying to add was able to, even though the class was technically over capacity. You have to know your stuff for the exams. There is a group project at the end-presentation and paper. She loves when people participate in class, so talk often
5.0 : Very straightforward and personable teacher.  It was a delight to take her class.  All of her assignments stimulate critical thinking that we would use in the real world using real-life case studies of actual companies.
4.0 : Pay attention to parts you feel that you should be paying attention to. Some of this stuff you can just go home and read about later, but a lot of it she explains very well. You can tell that she is passionate about what she is teaching. She likes it. So if you ask questions, she'll be happy that you're participating.   She's also cute.
2.5 : Austin is great person(Grad. Stud) He just assigns a homework assignment every week. There is readings, out of the book. He Lectures, but it can get boring real quick. The material is confusing most of the times and seems irrelevant to my life. There is 11 homework assignments, 1 midterm(which can help or destroy your grade), 1 paper, and a final.
5.0 : I love Austin. He claims he grades hard, but the rest of my class and I didn't see it. There are two tests, a midterm and final, where he tells you exactly what is on it. There's one paper, but he doesn't grade it with high standards since it is a philosophy paper. Other than that, he's great, and I'll definitely miss his class.
5.0 : Austin was a fantastic professor. Definitely one of my favorite professors! He's really passionate about what he's teaching and he does a great job at explaining everything. If you come to class and pay attention to the lecture it's an easy A! I personally thought the lectures were great and he's really interesting.
5.0 : I absolutely love Austin! He is very caring for each student and his schedule is very flexible. Would definitely take another class by him, just definitely get ready to read and review before the final
5.0 : He was awesome! He made the lectures hella long but they were really interesting. There was only a midterm, paper, and a final. And if you do good on those then you're set with an A. You have weekly reflections but its chill they're only 200 words and super easy, mostly just opinion.
5.0 : Austin rocks!  This was the one class I always looked forward to going to! His lectures are clear, and he usually has power points so it's easy to follow, and he puts them online. You don't have to read, but you should because the readings are awesome. He's so funny and really cares about students. I would love to take this class again.
2.0 : Pretty boring class. Supposed to read lots every week but I never did. He lectures the whole time every day and often goes off on tangents. He seems like a nice guy, but the class feels pointless. Only homework is a weekly reflection. One paper, one midterm, and a final. That't it. Some extra credit opportunities
5.0 : Austin really cares deeply for his students, he FOR SURE wants people to pass! The textbook is definitely needed for this course - participation/attendance matters. His study guides are DEFINITELY reliable, so study that! 1 midterm, 1 final, 1 essay and weekly reflections. He offers 5 EC opportunities, so take advantage! A chill, relaxed guy. Love!
4.0 : 2 midterms, 1 final (optional if you did good on midterms) and 2 HW assignments. Quiz after every chapter (not graded), some questions from the quizzes are on the tests. Lectures are all on iLearn but go to class if you want an A. Professor is very generous and helpful, encourages students to ask questions and participate. Class ends 45 min early.
5.0 : The best accounting teacher at USF, young lady works at company and in class she teaches us the real business we gonna face once we graduate, 4 HW 2 exams only. she invited a speaker from a company and we really enjoyed it and the class is long, but with her just like mins. she wants to make sure you understand the material and get a good grade
4.0 : Spencer was a really great professor. I was a little apprehensive at first because he's a graduate student but he really cares about his students. A little awkward and quirky in class. You need to buy, rent, or borrow the book or you will not pass. There are two essays and a final. He's a fairly easy grader you can tell he loves what he does.
5.0 : This was the first Philosophy class I had ever taken and Spencer made the material understandable/fun. Make sure you get the book because you WILL need it.  I enjoyed his class. Do the homework (once a week reading responses) and participate and you'll pass.
5.0 : Spencer is honestly one of my favorite professors. I took him for the spring and his class was easy and fun. His class looks at critical thinking through an ethical lens. There are some forum assignment, responses to readings, 1 midterm, 1 final, and 1 essay. In his office hours, he is willing to work out anything so make sure to visit. Easy A!
5.0 : Beaudette is an amazing professor who truly makes an effort to make this class interesting for his students. I would highly recommend Beaudette to anyone taking a philosophy class.
4.0 : Professor Spencer has made me think of moral issues in different ways. He was very clear with his class. Attendance is mandatory because he made us do a question of the day sometimes. There are pop quizzes about the chapters of the book. Readings can be tough. Class was very easy. Just go and do what is assigned and you'll pass.
4.0 : Spencer is a very cool guy. He stays on topic, and knows how to connect to people. He's a talented philosopher with a lot of interesting insights into ethical theories.
5.0 : Spencer is super cool and helpful. It's a pretty easy class if you have the ability to think and write. A lot of the class is common knowledge and opinion based so if you don't have an opinion might not be the class for you. Late work is cool, he know we have lives outside of class. If you have to take a Phil course take this one for the culture.
5.0 : Spencer spends a lot of time asking for student opinions of the material and the course as it goes along.  He did a good job showing how most of the material relates to my life.  It's a fun easy class if you go.  But you can turn things in late if you miss.  *Someone said there are pop-quizzes?  There weren't any pop-quizzes when I took it.
5.0 : Professor Seliger is wonderful! Great professor who's lectures are interesting and funny, highly recommended. Cognitive Psychology is his field and he does a great job of explaining and making it fun and interesting.
4.0 : Really great comm teacher! 5 speeches for the semester - two introductory/identity speeches, an informative speech, a group speech, and an impromptu speech. She mainly focuses on the structure of the speeches, so it's okay if you're not the most confident speaker. Go to class, the participation points count! Highly recommend this prof.
5.0 : Prof. Bowes has to be one of my favorite professors so far!! She is so genuine, and she truly cares about her student's passing. 5 speeches- extremely doable. Her grading criteria is clear so you're bound to get an A, just make sure to do your quizzes, short writing assignments, and show up on speech days well prepared. Def. the best Comm teacher!!
5.0 : I loved his class! The readings he assigns are interesting/relevant to what is going on in the world. He's very funny and approachable and you can tell he cares about every single one of his students, even if they don't participate as much. You do read a lot, have some quizzes and 4 essays that you revise, stay on top of everything, you'll get an A
4.0 : The class is super easy. The readings he assigns are interesting and relevant to societal problems/issue facing today society. There are a couple of essays throughout the semester, all of which you get to revise and resubmit. It's seriously THE best English class I've ever had.
5.0 : He's a great teacher! The class was enjoyable and he makes it fun. Be ready to write papers, but you do get a chance to revise your essays aside from the final essay. One of the best English teachers I've had. He is very willing to help every student.
4.0 : Awesome teacher! Several readings every week, but not too long. The readings are from a course reader which you must print out (about 200 pages). We had three essays to do. For each essay, he gave feedback via email and a grade. He allowed for revisions for better grades on the essays. Overall, a great teacher!
5.0 : Tyler is such a great instructor! He was easy to understand and was more than willing to help you outside of class as well.  Class is enjoyable because the lectures are participation based. He's also hilarious and there weren't any tests just essays which he explains in great length so you're not confused. I totally recommend taking his class.
5.0 : Chill guy. Took him for Early Start English. Had a bunch of papers but most of them weren't that difficult (and this is coming from someone who sucks at English and writing papers). Had every break up into groups to analyze stuff before writing papers. Big on pre-planning papers before writing them.
2.0 : As important and how passionate she is about what she is lecturing on, she tends to come off as too intense which makes it hard to stay focused. I would have to agree with a previous review where it seems like you're always wrong bc her tone sometimes comes off as demeaning. She seems to forget not everyone is familiar w the history that she knows.
5.0 : I loved Professor Makhijani's class! If you're the type of student that BS's everything and likes to get by without putting a lot of effort, you won't like this class because it requires you to do all of the readings and have an open mind. You will get a lot from this class - the material is not taught anywhere. If you need help, she will be there.
5.0 : May seem tough, but only bc what we're learning is so imp and she tries to push you out of your comfort zone but you'll gain a whole new insight and perspective on Am. gov. One of the few that takes what she's teaching and really pushes it beyond the class. Do readings to help you, not just for the grade, but socially, politically and personally.
5.0 : Professor Simmy is amazing. She is very passionate about everything she does. She's  very caring, nice, and explains in great detail what she is looking for from her students. She makes class interesting by bringing in all kinds of different aspects. I really learned a lot about a culture I knew nothing about. Take the class, you wont regret it.
5.0 : She may seem tough and intimidating at times, but Simmy knows her stuff and is very passionate about what she teaches. She always talks to us about events going on outside of class, which I really appreciate. Every class is interesting and I learn something new everyday. Homework is easy; only a weekly response with readings. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Dr. Makhijani's class is very informative and you'll learn a lot about revolutionary movements of all people of color including LGBTQ+, and how it relates to Asian American struggles. I would definitely take the class again and would recommend it to any one else who wants to learn about historical movements and laws and actually enjoy it.
5.0 : Simmy is a great professor and it her class was very informative. The material that she presents is history that is not talked much about and her teaching style makes you want to learn the material. I would defiantly take her class again and even recommended it to a couple of friends who loved her class as well
5.0 : Simmy is an amazing teacher. You get so much more than just an upper division class from her. Her teaching style is different than most and it opens your mind to new ideas and concepts. If you have the choice I highly recommended to take her class. She seems tough but she wants you to succeed and her line of communication is always open.
5.0 : Simmy is an amazing Professor. She is very passionate about what she teaches. Even though there is some involved, but she teachers about the events that have not been taught by any other of my classes. Her class is very informative and she just really wants all her students to succeed. Would definitely recommend taking her class.
5.0 : I highly recommend taking Dr. Makhijani's  class. They brought in fantastic speakers and connected students with opportunities outside the classroom. They're deeply passionate about the class and they're students as much as the material covered. I loved they're class, learned about subjects that aren't going to be talked about in other classes.
2.0 : Stay away if you already have a load of work on your plate. Her lectures are boring, she reads straight from her notes. And half of her work is tedious, the kind of the teacher that ruins history class because she has an opinion on EVERYTHING! You will always be wrong! Keep questions and opinions to yourself she's rude.
5.0 : Prof. Makhijani is a great professor. She is very passionate about her class. I highly recommend to take this class. If you work according to her guidelines, you will surely end of getting an A. If you want to get an A without any work, she might be a tough teacher too.
5.0 : Professor Makhijani is an exceptional professor. The content of the class goes beyond the classroom and is criteria that stays on the forefront of the mind long after leaving the class. I was challenged to think critically beyond the normal confines of my thought. The lectures and readings were insightful and Simmy knows how to keep a room engaged.
4.0 : She's knows her stuff. She's really understanding and helps in any way that she cans. Don't expect to just get everything from her power point lectures. You need to actively engage yourself and listen to what she says outside from her power points. I continue to apply the things she taught me in the real world and I've become more socially aware.
4.0 : Good professor, knows exactly what she's talking about, questions things, &amp; opinionated. A few small group/partner discussions, writing reflections on texts, final paper. A lot of reading to 'prepare' you for in class discussions/lectures. Can miss 3 days before 10% grade drop. I don't have strong feelings about material, made the class a bit hard.
1.0 : Do not take this if you don't do well without outlines or lectures. Her lectures were never on quizzes and her quizzes were spur of the moment. She does not respond to emails promptly. Lots of tedious work, you won't learn much.
4.0 : I loved this class. Professor Makhijani is really passionate about the work that she does and she is really understanding and is willing to work with students as much as she can. There's so much material you can take from this class room and into the real world.
5.0 : This class is really engaging. To really benefit from this class you need to prepare yourself by staying on top of all the readings and group discussions. It's one thing to come to class and learn, but if you don't read the readings you won't develop that overall critical analysis of the main points in this class
5.0 : If you want a class thats super relevant, engaging, and inspiring, this is the professor for you! Professor Makhijani gives great lectures, connects with her class, connects what you're learning to the outside world, and shes super woke! If you want easy, don't take this class. If you want inspiring, you better take this class!
5.0 : As a first year student who is barely getting the hang of this college thing Simmy is my favorite professor by far. The persona that Simmy gives off in a classroom environment is just so warm and inviting. She truly is a very inspirational person who is very passionate about what she teaches. I would most definitely take another class with Simmy!
5.0 : Simmy is a great professor and puts a lot of work into making the course enjoyable for her students. The course is great you will learn a lot and I promise you wont be the same after the semester! I highly encourage taking this course!
5.0 : Dankest professor in SFSU. Too bad he moved on to do danker things.
5.0 : He's good mang. Hella good. Would recommend 10/10
5.0 : Lyndsey is a wonderful professor who makes the majority of her coursework on her own, which is much better than the textbook. She has very reasonable expectations and only has your best interests in mind. She will make sure you pass her class if you put in the work. Seriously a professor worth taking.
5.0 : You can't go wrong with Lyndsey. Her lessons are very clear and she sets up a great foundation for her students before diving into the material. She really knows her stuff and does her best to make sure her students do too. HW and exams are easy; she allows a cheat sheet and gives study guides. Humorous, helpful, and a great lecturer overall.
3.0 : Personally, I don't like math or PSY171 BUT Lyndsey was a good teacher. Her power points/lectures were helpful &amp; she wants to make sure everyone understand whats happening. She gives a 1 page cheat sheet each test &amp; sometimes another sheet. Not too many homework assignments, 3 test + final, 1 test correction, 1 small project, &amp; grading is fair.
5.0 : Lyndsey made math fun for once in my life! No textbook use whatsoever and she was hilarious throughout the semester. Definitely take her if you have the chance. Graded on 4 HW assignments, 4 (?) tests, and a group project at the end. She is super nice and helpful, and is always at office hours. Great professor!
5.0 : Erika White is a great professor! She really manages to engage the students. This class was very interesting, and I felt like I learned something important within PR in every class. She also used a lot of knowledgable guest speakers.
5.0 : Is one of the best professors I've had. Very attentive to the students and very understanding of everyone's situation. She has helped me become a better student in health education. She is great to converse with and she will guide students. She is a great teacher.
5.0 : Kang knew what he was doing, his super helpful and really tried helping us understand the material even though we may have not gone over it yet in lecture.
5.0 : Her class is pretty straightforward and really easy. 4 response papers and 2 midterms with the final. Gives study guides and what's on that is on the midterms and final. Pretty easy GE class with her definitely recommend taking it with her.
4.0 : Professor Nealon was pretty funny and was super straight forward with exactly what we needed to know and gave us a study guide that was basically the test. Go to class, pay attention, do the easy homeworks and you will get an A.
5.0 : Professor Natalia was honestly a wonderful professor! I HATED the idea of taking philosophy BUT she made it likable. Her classes are straightforward, lectures like any other teacher, but would further explain as best as possible if you ask. She would joke to grab everyone's attention. I highly recommend her if you dislike philosophy but is required
5.0 : Professor Natalia was a great teacher to take Philosophy with. I am super glad that I had chosen her. I am a Freshman and she was the only teacher I felt welcomed with. She would do anything to get student's attention which I think is great. Her lectures are easy to follow, doing the homework will definitely help you pass her exams. 100% recommend
5.0 : I loved her class! It was like a stress reliever in between other classes. You'll feel like a kid again in her class but also learn many techniques for teaching music. I actually wish I could take her class again just because it was so fun. You'll feel silly sometimes but it's great!
5.0 : Most classwork based on readings, so read the week before or at least the night before. Attendance thru nametag QOTD. Arlene's one the best teachers out there, she made a real difference in how I looked at the world. End of year group project is intimidating, but fulfilling and fun (w/ the right group).
5.0 : Most caring and inspiring professor that I have ever had. Arlene is more of a friend than a teacher and that's the best relationship you can ever have with a professor. Hands down one of the most down to earth people I have ever met.
5.0 : Arlene is the best professor I have ever had. She's helped me out with everything. It has been a really long time since I've felt that I had a teacher care about me, let alone the subject. She helped me out with my Asian identity. If you have the chance to take her, please do. She'll respect and care if you as if you're her own child. Love her.
4.0 : I took Mandy for Research Methods because Bolter was out on maternity leave.  Mandy is super sweet and very straight forward on all the material that will be on the exams. She likes to make sure everyone gets it and will do a review at the beginning of each class. The first paper through my grade down, so I finished with a B.
5.0 : Mandy is awesome teacher! This class is very chilled and require 4 papers, one group presentation, 4 online quizzes and some class group work. This class is overall stress free :)
5.0 : She is a great teacher. She often used her own professional experience to better explain the subjects. The tests are open book and notes, but you still have to understand the material to pass. Her lectures are extremely helpful and shouldn't be missed. She is very clear in her expectations, I would definitely take her again.
5.0 : Class itself was a little difficult but she taught it to the best ability. Truly awesome teacher! Taught at a slow pace that was easy to understand. It is a math class so VERY important to go to every class to get notes even tho attendance not mandatory. Sat 2 hours with me at office hours to prepare for final. She puts in the extra effort for you.
5.0 : Great professor. Notes are concise and follow well with the book. Every week there's either a HW or a quiz. If you keep up with the notes and textbook,  and do all your HW, you will pass. He's also very helpful during office hours, forums, cares about students, and has a great sense of humor. I really recommend him!
5.0 : He is so inspirational and charismatic. Makes me want to be a psychologist.
5.0 : Loved this class! The lectures are inspiring and the insights into why people do stuff are useful in life and work. Highly, highly recommended.
5.0 : He certainly knows what he talks about.  Very knowledgeable about many other branches in his field.  His lectures are with power points that he makes which are also posted online but he goes much more in depth than what's shown. Enthusiastic and knows how to keep the class interested with bits of humor as well. Connects well. No homework. :)
5.0 : Suri is a great professor, he really cares about his students and is passionate about his work. He is funny and inspiring - I HIGHLY recommend his class !
5.0 : Very inspiring professor.  He is passionate about seeing people succeed not just in his class, but in life. The class is almost all lecture, but they are very high energy lectures that are applicable to life no matter what your career will be. Highly recommend this professor.
5.0 : I've never met a better teacher! He has changed my career trajectory. I was thinking I will do counseling, but now I want to be an experimental psychologist. Gaurav's lectures were like little TED talks. Very clear and very profound.
5.0 : Dr. Suri is hands down, an awesome and amazing educator. He is supportive, caring, intelligent , and his class was so much fun and I learned a lot ! Def one of my favorite educators ever, you will not regret the things you learn from his class and his energy and classes are outstanding, and keeps my attention, I keep wanting to learn more !! Thanks
4.0 : She's very passionate about teaching!! Very easy to talk to and discusses current world topics all the time. Not a difficult class to get an A in.
5.0 : Great professor who is passionate about what she teaches. Initially thought I was not going to enjoy the class but she quickly turned that around.  She engages with her students and puts the best interest of her students first. The class involves reading dense material but she breaks it down in class. She's more than willing to help her students.
5.0 : She's a really amazing person and teacher and she legitimately cares about her students. She's one of those teachers who is a real role model and mentor to their students and will help you learn and grow. Also vegan af which is cute.
5.0 : One of the best-no, THE best 'professor' in philosophy! She's a grad student but she's so passionate that she should have her doctorate already. She's so inspirational, relatable, and nice. You have HW due every week, but she makes the subject matter so interesting that it doesn't feel like HW. A midterm and final,  which are easy if you study.
5.0 : If her class covers a GE you need to take care of, stop what you're doing and go sign up for her class. Great lectures, really funny, and is super cute with a good fashion sense. Doesn't even feel like a lecture, just feels like hanging out with a bunch of people. You'd have to literally try to fail her class. Definitely taking her again.
5.0 : Incredible teacher who is super knowledgable and truly cares about her students. She makes the class interesting by how well she lectures, and her public speaking skills. I would love to take another class with her. trust me TAKE THIS CLASS!!!
5.0 : Hilda's lectures are interesting and beneficial to homework and test/quizzes. Super nice and chill teacher, but you can't slack on your work. Her teaching and grading skills are somewhat organized. Easy to access outside of class and replies to emails almost instantly. I would definitely take her class again.
5.0 : Her lectures are super helpful for the homework and tests (I didn't even have to read the book nor articles!). You just have stay on top of your hw and study guides and you'll definitely pass.  She's very brilliant, kind-hearted, caring and always has a smile on her face which helps me look forward to coming class.
5.0 : Hilda is incredible! Her lectures are clear and informative, which garuntees that you are rarely confused about the material. She also brings a lot of character to the learning experience with her humor and fanatstic examples. The homework is not that diificult and is actually really enjoyable at times. I would highly recommend this course.
5.0 : Took her class for Phil 110 my first year and was a great transition from high school to college. She is clear in her lectures and gives good examples. Homework is due on Mondays so there is little to no work to do during the week. I truly loved this class.
5.0 : Hilda Loury is the best professor I have ever had. Shes an admirable person and is very passionate about what she teaches. She is also able to articulate very dense material in the best way possible. There are readings due every class but they are interesting! I highly recommend her!
5.0 : Hilda is a great professor. Her class did not require a book, every article was posted online which was so convenient. We had readings &amp; in class we would discuss them. Her quizzes are easy, if you attend class &amp; take notes. This class didn't seem like a drag at all. I totally recommend her, you won't regret it!!
5.0 : Hilda is an excellent teacher. Even though the course had the potential to be monotonous, she made critical thinking an informative and compelling experience. Additionally, she is inspiring because she is obviously very passionate about philosophy and logic. Please take this course!
5.0 : TAKE THIS CLASS TO FULFILL A GE REQUIREMENT. Prof. Loury is one of the sweetest and most caring professors at SFSU. Her lectures aren't even lectures, she brings up current and personal topics that many can relate to and she's super open to everyone's ideas and thoughts! Super neutral and unbiased when it comes to discussions! Definitely take her.
5.0 : Love her! Best class/prof I have taken at SFSU a lot of thought provoking convos. No book, all readings are on ilearn, 4 open note 30min quizzes on ilearn, if you take notes that's more than enough and one final paper 5-pages. In class discussions are so much fun, no midterm or final. going to miss this class!!
4.0 : I really liked her. She was so passionate about this and she said were here first class and how special we will be to her. I liked her class I'd have her as a teacher again.
5.0 : She's honestly the best! Understanding, social, doesn't make the lecture boring at all. She includes social issues that are happening right now and correlates it with the lectures. She's easy to talk to, clarifies with any students just in case she makes her point clearly across. Definitely would take another class with her.
3.0 : He assigns a lot of reading from the textbook but you can find it all online. He curves the tests a lot since the class average was about 50% each time. He is super lecture heavy and seems lost during his lectures because he always pauses. I feel bad for him though because only 15 people come daily in a class of about 70-80.
3.0 : Not as interesting as I thought. No hw. Just reading. 2 midterms. 1 final. That sums up grading. Curves test. Nice guy though. No extra credit opportunities. You'll fall asleep though in his lectures. Not the worst teacher but neither the best one either. Tests are pretty hard. Make sure you do study guide ( not mandatory). powerpoints to ilearn
3.0 : Alan was a good professor. Very nice and caring. However, lectures were a long&amp;boring. Doesn't take attendance. A LOT OF READING which was difficult to understand. Textbook is $100. Only grades 2 midterms and final, curves grades for these. No classwork, quizzes, or hw. Class recommend for philosophy majors, but not if you are looking for GE class.
3.0 : Only 2 midterms, no quizzes. Homework was just reading. However, because he doesn't take attendance, it is really easy to skip his class and become clueless with the content of his lessons. Although he puts the lecture slides online, they are written with confusing syntax. His tests are hard too if you don't show up to class. Very lecture heavy.
2.0 : really unnecessary grading for non philosophy majors. Makes essay prompts too specific, and you have to adapt to his writing style for philosophy papers making you dumb it down.
5.0 : he is super into memes and class is enjoyable (sometimes boring) easy A if you try, 4 short essays, lets you rewrite first 3 to get a better grade! no test, no quiz, no final! lots of reading but honestly no one reads, just write down his powerpoint notes. skipped a lot of classes but still have an A so far
4.0 : He is a super easy professor! no homework besides reading that is not mandatory. my class had no tests and only a few essays that were very clear prompts! overall I would definitely take this class again.
5.0 : We only have 4 philosophy papers and three of them you get to revise for a better grade. So if you get a B on the first one you can easily can an A on the revision. It gets better, he outlines your entire paper, what to write in the intro, first second, etc paragraphs, so its really hard to fail if you follow his directions. Class isn't mandatory.
5.0 : No quiz no test no final, just 4 papers. Such an easy class, I highly recommend it.
5.0 : looks like Dr. Reid from criminal minds! easy A
5.0 : Alan Moore is a very interesting person, he makes lectures very eye opening and its great. His class consists of 4 papers and gives the opportunity to re-write 2 out of the first 3 papers. He doesn't take attendance, but I found it helpful to go when ever I need help with constructing my papers. Great class, and great professor; he cares a lot!
5.0 : I honestly loved coming to his class, he made philosophy super interesting and funny. I enjoyed his lectures, very passionate about his work which is great. Loves memes which is a bonus! Only had 4 papers and you can rewrite them. He just wants to help people through philosophy which is beautiful. BEAUTIFUL CLASS
5.0 : Professor Chrifi I am proud to say is the best professor I have had at SFSU. She is truly invested in her students. Her lectures are amazing, and her discussions push you to think beyond the box. I feel smarter and more knowledgeable after taking her class. I would love to take another course with her.
5.0 : I really admired and enjoyed Dr. Alaoui's class. I learned so much in her course. I felt smarter everytime I left her class.  It was definitely the best course of my college career. If you want to do hard work, and learn, take her classes. If you just want a class for credit, don't.
5.0 : Professor  Alaoui is amazing. She a wonderful teacher. I was going through a lot of personal issues that kept me from school, but she pushed me till I succeeded. I wish I had put more work into the class, but now I know I will never forget the knowledge I earned from this class.
5.0 : Dr. Alaoui is a wonderful instructor and scholar. She is thoughtful and intentional about everything she does, from picking the reading assignments, to facilitating discussion, to guiding us in writing high quality research papers with nuanced theoretical approaches. I've never felt so supported intellectually and personally.
5.0 : Dr. alaoui is the best professor I've had the pleasure of having at SF State thus far. She truly cares about the success of her students. Her class is tough, and she expects you to put your full effort into her assignements, lectures, and essays, but you will come out the other end a better writer and a better student over all. Highly reccomended!
5.0 : I took Professor Chrifi's COMM444 Rhetoric of the Media to complete my GWAR requirement and I must say it was one of the best classes I've taken at SFSU. At first it was overwhelming knowing we had to write multiple essays throughout the semester, but Professor Chrifi sets you up for success. She's opened many perspectives and I thank her for that.
5.0 : Dr. Alaoui is an amazing professor. Before I took her class, I had changed my major &amp; taken some time off, &amp; I was very unsure about returning as a full-time student. Not only did I learn so much from the material, but her class gave me back my confidence &amp; made me realize I can succeed. She truly cares &amp; believes in each one of her students.
5.0 : Bryan is an amazing teacher, he definitely has the students best interest in mind and is super helpful. He is hilarious and incorporates his humor into math which makes it fun to solve. Didn't think it was possible for math to be fun... Overall an awesome guy and would highly recommend you take his class.
5.0 : He is the best . I have never liked math before in my life . I literally remember everything he taught . He is super clear and he extends office hours too before exams . He is more like a friend ; he helps you and does not let you go without making you understand the subject . Even if you do not want to , you will understand it :) and he is funny
5.0 : Bryan's a cool dude, happy to help you with any problem in class. He's understanding and will cut you slack, but what makes him special is he's such a goober. He's relatable and doesn't care if he makes bad jokes, and honestly, you'd be missing out on a great semester if you didn't get his class.
5.0 : LEGEND. No other way of putting it. Probably the best teacher that I have had in college because of his his charisma and chillness. To me he's basically my friend, he bought us pies for pi day, and the funnest class I've had. He likes Queen a bit too much, but besides that he's the best.
5.0 : Bryan is actually my favorite professor of my entire college experience so far. He incorporates memes into lessons. He is more than happy to help a student (current or former of his) with any math endeavors. He's an amazing professor, amazing friend, and also his meme's are ORIGINAL. Take this guy.
5.0 : Bryan is one of the best instructors I ever met in 6 years of my undergrad studies. He's exceptionally good at explaining difficult concepts while maintaining students' interest in the subject. He's diplomatic, caring, and passionate about the class and students' well being are probably what makes him a pioneer in Mathematics teaching.
5.0 : Bryan is a hella chill teacher. He is funny and really cares about his student's. Study for the midterms and you'll be okay especially if you study with a group. The midterms have fun questions and the quizzes are nothing to worry about. He is great at explaining the material and if you have questions just go to his office hours. Pretty dope class
5.0 : Really friendly and a funny guy. Attendance isn't mandatory but you won't pass if you don't take notes in class since nothing is on iLearn. Really generous about extra credit. A few tests and sometimes he lets you partner up. Final was a couple essays which weren't too bad. I loved this class and had no interest in the topic but got an A.
5.0 : Fairly easy class. Just show up and do your assignments. She doesn't want anyone to fail and is willing to help if you're struggling. I'm bad at writing papers and if I can get an A+ in this class then you can too. There's one group paper and the rest are all individual. All of them are research based papers.
5.0 : I cannot stress this enough how much I loved Doctor Villanueva. She was my favorite professor of the semester. She helped me grow so much as a writer and a student. She assigns 3 research based papers and one autobiographical, plus weekly writings in journals but its pretty manageable.
4.0 : Do research papers according to his specifications. Exams are so easy just make a good cheat sheet. He doesn't care much which is good. Do the homework on time. You can get an easy A
5.0 : One of the best classes I have ever taken. He is a new professor but his experience and background in each industry he has worked in show. Gives great advice though at times deadlines got messed up he always made the class as stress free as possible.
5.0 : Dave was a new professor. With a background in theater, it was sure to be interesting. He touched upon his experience in Sillicon Valley &amp; it was truly insightful. Overall, he's a great guy. He was super helpful in terms of real-world experiences; he didn't waste time lecturing about capitalization like other GWAR professors do. Super lenient.
5.0 : Takes the stress out of GWAR! No tests, no final and assignments are EASY. Don't need to show up for class much. There is even a point he cancels class for 3 weeks so that students can present an elevator pitch to him in his offie hours. Easiest class! 3 group projects, 1 individual, and papers for each less than 5pg. TAKE HIM
5.0 : He is an actor, and he is very new as a professor so he tries his best to do good for his students. He is very caring too. I will definitely willing to take him again.
5.0 : Nick is a great professor &amp; he's really caring. He goes out of his way to meet with you if you can't make his office hours. Your grade is made up of 3 essays that demonstrate your understanding of the material from the book. You can meet with him before they're due &amp; he'll give you feedback &amp; tips on how to better your essays. + Extra credit avail.
5.0 : I took his PHIL101 for summer course. During his summer class, I read three books, made one discussion, and one final essay. Easy class and Easy grade. Anyway, he is a nice person, and care about his students.
4.0 : Nick is a nice and chill person. His summer class consists of lectures and socratic seminars. You have to read three books and participate in class discussions. Also, you have to lead one class discussion and type an essay based on the books. It's not difficult to get a passing grade.
4.0 : Not too difficult
3.0 : He always gives homework every week, but it's always due on Thursday so you seven days to do it. It's easier to go to his class to know what to do for homeworks since he takes his time to do lectures for students who is confused in some areas of the chapter.
5.0 : Alec is amazing! He really cares about his students and makes all his lectures interesting and inspirational. He is hilarious and pushes everyone to step out their comfort zone. It might sound scary, but you will thank him later! I would definitely recommend taking him, it's an easy A!
5.0 : Best professor I've had here at state. He's young and hip, so he's hilarious and really easy to get along with. He always brought up the energy in the classroom. I assure you, you will not regret taking him.
5.0 : ALEC (what he goes by in class)  GREAT TEACHER!!!! Would take him 100x and over. Hilarious teacher. You do 4 speeches and 2 writing assignments. He encourages you to be creative and come out of comfort zone. The speeches are the bulk of your grade, no test or quizzes . Received an A in his class. Not a tough grader and gives good feedback. TAKE HIM
5.0 : Alec is an amazing professor. He cares about his students and is nice. He works social issues into most projects. No test or quizzes but some speeches you need to do. If you have speaking anxiety Alec will give you advice to overcome it, but there's no way around speaking in class. Only a few papers.  Textbook hardly used. Extra Credit is offered.
5.0 : The most interesting, fun and engaging class I've ever taken this semester! Never wanted to skip a day of his class! If you want a comfortable space to improve your public speaking skills, this is the class to take! He takes the intimidation away and gives very good feedback to his students:) He also respects everyone's opinion. A class worth takin
5.0 : She's tough but fair.  Super happy to have the opportunity to have her as a professor she's very knowledgable and passionate.  Take this class seriously or your probably wont pass.  Her lectures were very engaging so its easy to participate which is something she really encourages.  The final group project is nothing to scoff at though, beware.
5.0 : I was lucky to have taken Dr. Wright's first course at SFSU. Her lectures are thought-provoking and engaging, and most of the class will respond with an engaging discussion. If you have any issues, don't be afraid to meet up at her office. She's really approachable, and you'll likely have an amazing conversation.
5.0 : Dr. Wright's class was lit. She is super funny and caring. She does take attendance, but you won't mind showing up to class because the lectures and class discussions were so engaging. Don't be afraid to reach out to her for help if you get overwhelmed with anything. She is very helpful and a huge advocate for self care. You'll love her class!
3.0 : Sean isn't really a professor here at SF State; this is his side job. Nothing against that, however he doesn't have office hours or a place to talk outside of class because of it. He expects you to read the textbook to learn about what we're doing; he usually just gives a brief summary and then plays a movie. Easy class as long as you show up.
5.0 : To be honest, one of my favorite Professors. Super Chill and also very informative and he thoroughly explains everything and is willing to help answer any questions you have.  Handsome and cute professor. Grading criteria is really clear and he is a very fair and easy grader as well. Definitely recommend taking him for ENGR101!
5.0 : One of the best teacher in SFSU. The exams are fair! Enroll in his class without doubt!
5.0 : If you do the work this class should be easy
5.0 : Inspired me to chang emy major from mechanical to civil.
5.0 : Knows the students' priorities
5.0 : He is a good teacher. He teaches well and communicates, however, his English is not perfect
4.0 : Do the hw. Rly helpful when you have questions.
5.0 : its an easy A with this prof. The homework is also easy.
4.0 : this professor really wants to help you pass this course
5.0 : Excellent teacher, Easy grader
4.0 : I recommend this class if you want to learn and his a professor that took this classes so his willing to help at any time
4.0 : Good grading system. Just needs to talk more clear and slow down. Other than that everything else is good.
5.0 : Real simple guy... EASY CLASS!! Doesn't require much, just show up and do the work! Also, super down to earth,  isn't full of himself or a stick in the mud Overall, good dude!
5.0 : Enjoyed the class, good Intro to Engineering material. Easy class and approachable with questions and concerns!
5.0 : He is  a really good professor. Easy A, not a difficult class. He really understands what students go through and tries to make everything due at a reasonable rate. Do the homework and you'll do great in the class. Always available to help.
5.0 : Best teacher ever!
5.0 : Jun Jian Liang is one of the nicest most understanding professors I have ever had. Because he is still very young, he understands what the students go through so he is very lenient. I wish more professors were like him.
5.0 : Driscoll is one of the best teachers I've had thus far. He stays on track with the books we've read and really knows his stuff, while still making the class interesting and engaging, and encouraging group discussion, and is always open to questions. He has a great sense of humor, and a generous grader when effort is put in. Definitely recommend.
5.0 : He is an amazing teacher. In my classes we read 3 books rent don't buy. He went through all the chapters clearly. It's an easy A, he reviews before exams which are every helpful- just beware of reading it is time consuming. He is very nice and wants his students to understand the material. Take his class if you can.
5.0 : Blanca is one of the best teachers I have had. Although she mostly speaks french, she really pushes her students to succeed. She makes class incredibly inclusive as well as fun. She does not grade too hard and gives great feedback. I'm going to be taking her for a third time in the fall and highly recommend her classes if serious about french.
5.0 : Hands down the best French professor out there. Encourages participation no matter what your level of French is. No safe spaces in this class, Blanca will challenge you to think and talk about difficult and sensitive issues in French history, and draw lessons for current events. More teachers and universities need to follow her example. 10/10
4.0 : Blanca is very knowledgeable in French, but if you get lost and don't speak up, she will keep going. She speaks mostly French, rarely any English.  So if it is your first time learning French, you need to study. I took French in high school, and I know I would've failed this class if I didn't because she teaches very fast.
3.0 : If you have no experience with French prior to enrolling, DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS! It's taught entirely in French and she hardly stops to clarify/explain in English.  You're basically on your own. Super test heavy and had I not taken French in high school, I wouldn't have passed. Nice professor though.
5.0 : When it comes to learning while having fun, Prof Lam has the secret recipe! Interesting lectures and thought provoking class activities. Incredibly supportive and helpful; he responds to emails right away for any immediate concerns. Very genuine individual and also charismatic. Awesome professor!
4.0 : Professor Lam is super fun, easy to communicate with, and someone who you can tell really cares about his students' welfare. My only issue with his class was how heavy it was on peer education. I know lectures can be boring but I'd have liked some more of that so that we could have gone more in depth on certain topics! Still, I had a great time.
5.0 : Professor Lam is not only the sweetest, he is easily the most respected and passionate teacher I've encountered. Easy homework, only a few assignments that he gives you at the very beginning that aren't due until months later. Attendance is mandatory but it's a fun class, so there's no need to skip.
5.0 : Prof Lam is one of the best teachers I've ever had. He's very understanding and just wants you to succeed. He makes you feel comfortable enough to share your ideas and really values your input. At the beginning of the semester he will break you up into permanent teams, so really get to know them. Course work is really light but also fulfilling.
5.0 : Prof Lam is great! There is homework but it is always really easy. You can tell he loves teaching and he's a great guy to talk to. Come to class and you'll do fine.
3.0 : This guy is a nice person, but his counterpoint class needs some work. It felt like we were just tossed into the material, sink or swim. There was no textbook and the lectures were not very specific. The final project (writing a three voice fugue) was pretty challenging. He is accessible and helpful. We listened to a lot of Bach, so that was good.
5.0 : This class was a lot better than I thought it would be. The projects were actually  fun. Lectures were lounge style in the groovy studio designed by Dr. Sabey himself.  The low stress learning environment was great for experimentation &amp; creativity. This was my favorite class of the semester. It helped my listening skills a lot. Highly recommended.
3.0 : easy professor and assignments but not well organized. does not inspires students. boring classes. not well given feedback on assignments and helping you learn
5.0 : Outgoing professor. Makes you want to participate (you have to in order to get participation points). If you are a nervous speaker, she won't criticize you, rather, she will help you.  She wants you to go to her office hours and if you see her around campus, she will be so excited.  She offers the book(s) online and you can use notes on the quizzes
5.0 : Iris was my first professor, bright and early on my first day of college and I couldnt have been more happy to have Iris. I left the class feeling so excited to meet the rest of my professors in hopes for them to have similar bubbly personalites like hers. She is an amazing, fun person who make class feel like a big inclusive disscusion. 10/10
4.0 : Lufei is a great professor. Her grading is clearly laid out and although the final is cumulative, she provides a formula sheet and reviews many times. There is no way to fail this class. Take her! She teaches straight from slides and understands that most people are just taking her class because they have to and not because they want to.
5.0 : Best professor to take in terms of actually learning and understanding any subject discussed. Also, shes great at getting back your scoreswhere she uploads them the same day you took it!
3.0 : Pretty straight forward. Teaches directly from the slide and uploads them. Skip class if you want but there are 4 pop quizzes that are counted as your attendance grade and she drops 1 of them. Hard tests but she curves if the class does bad. No textbook req as you have the slides +  online hw access site w/ etext. Only problem is ACCUMULATED final.
4.0 : Prof. Ruan is very good at explaining the material and always making sure the class understands it. However, she does not allow cheat sheet for 3 tests. So basically, you really need to study the review questions she provided in order to pass the tests. And you will tested on all of the materials for the final.
5.0 : This class really changes your perspective on a lot of things. It not only helps you think critically and learn how to formulate arguments in your every day life in an effective way. The class wouldn't be as good if it wasn't for her, though. She is extremely empathetic but also demands respect. She's a little sassy but super fun and very chill.
5.0 : She's just awesome. Always hated chemistry until I took her class. Super clear lectures, if you study the clicker questions and do the homework, you'll do well on her tests. She really wants you to succeed in the class. There is a participation grade. She curves the test and homeworks, and just overall really nice and great at teaching!
5.0 : The best science teacher i've ever had! I hated chemistry in high school until I took her class. Do the study guide and you will almost always pass her exams. She is extremely helpful and always willing to help her students. I highly recommend you take her class!
5.0 : Best Chem teacher ever! Lectures are simple and she does a great job of going over it. She does not go too much in depth but does a decent job! Not too much homework there were 4 test and 1 final and ONE of the lowest test are dropped. She also lets you remake one of your lowest test too! Guarantee you will get an A!
5.0 : Annie is super clever and makes it easy for everyone to follow along.
5.0 : Logan is really cool! He wants everyone to succeed and know the material. He makes class fun and one that you want to show up to. If you have to take Math 70 I would definitely recommend him!
4.0 : Logan is one of the best teachers I've ever had. He made the class really fun and easy. Easy grader and a nice person. He gives practice exams before every exam. He answers all qustuions in the office hours. TAKE HIS CLASS!
5.0 : Great teacher, really knows subject and is good at explaining. Midterm, research paper, and final is bulk of grade.
4.0 : Professor Crosbie is a kind and great teacher. His lectures may get a bit boring but its very informative. The only thing I didn't like was the difficulty of his midterm, final, and research paper, especially how the final is right after the presentation and research paper.
4.0 : Eric was a very nice professor. Class was very routine with lectures. He was a clear grader and told us what he expected from our assignments. He also graded quizzes and projects in a timely manner. His two major test (the midterm and final) were difficult but you just really need to study. A great choice for an IR class.
5.0 : Briana is a great teacher! She really cares about her students, treats them like friends and really tries to know ever single one, and really creates a great learning environment! There is some reading, a few worksheets, but the only hard work is working on speeches, which she gives lots of help with. Def. go to class, her lectures are worth it!
5.0 : Best Comm Professor ever
4.0 : Expect no homework/classwork. Only actual work you do is to write your short speeches. Easy A :)
5.0 : Super nice and considerate of students. The teacher has fun happy energy. If want an easy A take this class. But do not miss any classes because attendence is a part of your grade. If you miss a class you must tell her asap otherwise she will not let you makeup for the work. Overall, I recommend .
5.0 : Brianna is a bad ass professor. She has awesome hair and really cares about her students. Definitely take this class with her.
5.0 : Just participate in her class and you'll get an A. Her grading isn't too hard but it does require effort. Overall a great teacher!
4.0 : She's a great professor, I would recommend taking her class. If you participate and do all her work, you will certainly pass her class. She is easy to talk to and if you need help she will definitely be available to help you.
4.0 : Dr. Rebanal is new to teaching, so I was pretty forgiving of any awkward classes. His lectures (slides) are very clear and he gives lots of examples. It is important to show up to class and the book is helpful if you need more clarification beyond the lectures. I learned a lot. :)
3.0 : David is great. There's a lot to learn and you really have to understand everything because it will be on the quiz and midterm. Make sure you're on top of your readings/notes or else you will definitely be behind. Study the problem set because it's like those question on the quiz!
4.0 : She posts 1-4 readings a week which consists of books, links, or movies. You must at least talk about one in your forum. Pretty straight forward and not hard if you have the time and are interested in Sci-fi. One midterm paper, one final and two group project which aren't hard if you don't procrastinate. Not a class I had to stress about. Loved it.
5.0 : I had Ruby at Foothill College where she taught an Intro to College Writing class. I really enjoyed her class and she made my first Eng class at Foothill really fun. I enjoyed her style of teaching and she believed that as long as you tried your hardest, everyone should get an A. She cares for her students and is a great teacher. TAKE HER CLASS!!!!
5.0 : Make sure to read stuff assigned so you don't fall behind. Great feedback. She cares about students. Not an easy A but she wants students to succeed
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever had! Really passionate and cares about students
5.0 : She has to be one of my favorite teachers and I can honestly say she is a great friend. She was always there for me and pushed me to do my best. Unlike other professors she made me feel comfortable and excited to go to her office hours. She is so kind and compassionate. I miss having such a dedicated teacher.
5.0 : Definetly one of my favorite profesors on campus! Had her for Eng 114 and about to take her 214 class next semester. Always looked forward to going to class.
5.0 : Assigns fun essays, extremely chill classes, hardly had any work, no final
5.0 : Shes so kind and really does care about each and every one of her students! Her lectures are a lot of fun and she includes everyone! As long as you show you care about the class and participate in the discussions, youll be just fine. Absolutely the best professor Ive had :)
5.0 : Inglish has been my worst subject but she reverted my nightmare to a euneirophrenia.  Very dynamic form learning experience.
5.0 : Seasoned finance professor with years of experience with Universities in Asia, University of Washington, and Microsoft. Professor Han genuinely enjoys guiding her students. Is a very fair grader who keeps in mind student's hardships and struggles. Has a bit of an accent, but will get accustomed. Very giggly and is adorable when she's passionate.
5.0 : Professor Xi Han was wonderful. She really knows her stuff. She's very knowledgeable, and can easily fill the long lecture time with a plethora of valuable information. She's passionate about what she does - you can tell by the motivational way that she lectures. I would want her as a professor again. Clear expectations. Not super difficult. Great
5.0 : Mike is one of the best professors in the art department, he care about his students and treats us with the same respect he has for his college. his critics can be a little difficult sometimes but he push us to be better. I am lucky to ever have him as a professor, I took both his class Sculpture and expanded practices and Installation. Good mentor
4.0 : Mike is a great person to be around. He is easy to relate to and holds a sense of youth. He can be a little bit particular and dismissive when it comes to choosing generic or "cliche" concepts, but sometimes this is for the better. Also, Mike can be a little bit sensitive and has a specific way he runs his critiques. Though a great guy and fun clas
5.0 : Jordan is such a fun Prof. He makes you want to engage in every lab and lecture. He's upbeat, always ready to teach. The quizzes are stupid easy as long as you pay attention in class, and review slides before. The final was based off of the quizzes. He also offers Extra Credit every week - don't miss this opportunity. BEST BIO101 CLASS, TAKE IT!!
5.0 : He is funny and makes the class engaging for students. Dont know why this is his last sem teaching, but we need more processors like him.. btw, he is super hot XD
5.0 : She can be described as nice and VERY eccentric. She has lots of exp. in advertising and knows subject very well. No need to attend, however she uses lots of examples/videos from class as test questions. Slides are the study guide, read the book for tests. 3 tests 1 project equal weight. Class was a very interesting and fairly easy. Laptops allowed
4.0 : He is very receptive to how the class feels. He wants to make sure you leave his class more prepared to communicate in the business world. The class became a little unorganized as he opted for smaller assignments vs. a major final project mid-semester. Though I think the whole class was appreciative as we learned more that way.
4.0 : Dr. G is like he says "tough but fair" lol Work is doable and he helped each student and allowed a lot of time for assignments, laughs and jokes but is good at his job
4.0 : There's a writing assignment that is due about every week, but he gives you enough time to finish these assignments. There are days that he allows you to use class time for a writing lab. He can give good feedback, but further clarification is usually needed. It is easy to pass the class, but if you want a B or A, you'll really have to work for it.
5.0 : Dr. Garcia is amazing. He cares about his student. If you ask for help, he will help you. If you don't understand a certain assignment, go to his office hours. Overall, I highly recommend him. He seems tough at first but he's easy going. But that being said, you have to put in some work to get an A. You get 3 unexcused absences. 2 big assignments.
1.0 : Horrible teacher  Doesn't explain well and expects us to know everything  You will have to write a 30 page essay for the project  Expect to have presentation every few weeks   total of 10 presentation in the semester
4.0 : Let me break it down for you guys!!And this is true and honest feedback. First, his book is inexpensive. He doesn't make you buy useless expensive book. Throughout the whole semester, there are mini assignments every week. They are very easy.  Second, project, Create a business plan. Third, critique an article. He's easy going. NO PRESENTATION BTW!
5.0 : Take him!!! Easy A!! All you have to do is do your work and you will pass!! Remember, this is college!! Don't slack off! If you ask for his help, he will help you! His assignments are very easy. If i can do it, so can you. If you don't understand certain assignment, ask him directly.
5.0 : Take him!! He cares for his students!!! He really want all of us to succeed. No presentation. Mini assignment (memo), Business plan project, resume and cover letter, article report.
5.0 : Best teacher I've had at SFSU. He takes his job serious and it shows! Very responsive and gives feedback to help you learn the material. He gives more then enough time to complete projects and tells you what is expected. Do the work and there is no way you will fail. Effort is key.
4.0 : He's really a great teacher. Gives constructive feedback on all of your work. If you don't understand something he's always willing to help you. Fair grader, you will get what you put in. Plenty of opportunities to do well if you put in the time and effort. A lot of writing but that's what this class is about. Take him if you get the chance!
5.0 : 2 Midterms, Lab, Online quizzes, and 4 papers. Midterms were easy. Papers were like 2 pgs. 1 of them is a group paper super easy. Online quizzes are super easy. Lab is mandatory. You gotta go to all of them. And he's really really nice.
5.0 : Chinese Mind and Body Energetics changed my life. You learn tools and skills from a trained master who knows it all! She is so helpful, answers any questions people have and will no if you are serious about the class. I would recommend doing the daily practices and really trying to get into the home practice work. 1 paper, 1 test, 1 presentation.
5.0 : Michelle's class was soooooo much fun. She's very welcoming and is easy to approach. Also, her extra credit is really easy and can really help pull up your grade a lot.
5.0 : I would recommend this class to anyone who is good at remembering to do homework and turning tinhs in. Michelle is so accepting and teaches while making the class worth going to. I wish I could take her 214 class because she was so great!
5.0 : Great class and great professor! There is homework every night, but it doesn't take long. Michelle gives good feedback on essays and if you follow her recommendations it's easy to write an A+ paper. Gives lots of extra credit - she really wants students to pass. She is young, knowledgeable, and chill. A unique take on a traditional English class!
5.0 : One of the best classes I took this semester. We didn't read any novels, just articles and the textbook (which is a graphic novel), so if you don't like reading a bunch of books during the semester this is a great class to take. Participation is important but Michelle makes it easy for you to talk even if you don't typically like speaking in class.
5.0 : Super chill! Best professor I've ever had for English. She's young like others say and gives good lectures. She's also good at entertaining her class and gives good feedback to you when you have a rough draft of your essay. Though I have to warn students who take her class that you need to attend most of her classes and you only get three passes!:)
4.0 : David's lectures left us confused at first. Expecting an Intro to Computer Science course, we were instead entreated to lecture after lecture on the benefits of Yerba Mate. David's knowledge of the tea as a memory aid and stimulant was robust. He also shared stories of his original research into the tea as a sexual stimulant. A++.
5.0 : I honestly thought he was a little B the entire time he was teaching us. Thought he could show a little  more skin here and there, but I guess you can't help it if your hair covers half your body.
5.0 : Make sure you study the labs we do and you're good. Fun class and he lets us get out early. Young guy and such an Anime and Japanese culture lover. Ask him how to speak Japanese and he'll teach you lol
4.0 : You will have a weekly quiz that is based on the lab assignments. There are homework but they are due near the end of the semester. Attendance is mandatory since the lab class is once per week. Passing is possible.
5.0 : Aaron was more like a friend than a professor. This class was once a week for 3 hours and normally those classes are the worst but I found myself looking forward to this one. I would 100% recommend it.
5.0 : Liz is very helpful and accessible outside class. She is student-friendly, and she motivates me to do well in class.  She also gives good feedback. Not easy A. But, this is upper division class, so you might have to make effort to get A. I feel appreciate that she is super-friendly and helpful with my papers.
5.0 : Janelle is the best teacher in the world!! She makes learning fun and keeps the students engaged!! Here lectures contain visuals which makes it more fun and stimulating to look at! If I could have her teach all my classes I would! Take her and you won't regret it!
5.0 : I thought Janelle was amazing!!! She was the best professor I've had so far at SF state. She made you want to come to class, be engaged, and made me switch to special education for my career path!  Take her you have to read and come to class but if u do everything you will do good!
5.0 : Hella funny professor!! Made a 3 hour feel like nothing. Lecture a bit, then did fun and relevant group activities, a short quiz each week (talks about everything on the quiz in class) and 3 short journal entries. Chill class, easy A. Love Janelle!!! Seriously amazing Prof.
5.0 : Justin's a really cool dude. He's passionate about the topic but doesn't push it onto students too much while still informing us about important information. He's laid back and makes it easy for you to talk to him. Weekly forum posts, an in-class midterm, and our final unexpectedly ended up being online. Overall easy grader, would take again.
5.0 : You have one textbook/book to use all semester and he tries to find the least expensive one for his students too! The subject itself is interesting but he inputs his own dry humor which makes the class fun and easy to understand. He's really funny and very knowledgeable in his subject as he has a doctorate as well. Also a very cool and relatable.
5.0 : I love Justin! The topic itself is very interesting but he makes it even more entertaining by including his dry humor. The class is super easy. You basically have an online response every week, 2 community events, 1 midterm, and 1 final (but it's take home!!!) He's super nice and understanding. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : He's really nice. If you do all your work, you'll pass. He's funny too. He offers a decent amount of extra credit. There's a decent amount of work but its bearable if you don't procasitinate. Overall, he's a great teacher. I would definitely take him again. Replies to emails pretty quick too. You don't really have to go to class too. He just lectur
5.0 : Kate is a very sweet and genuine individual and teacher.  She is very understanding of her students and really accommodates their needs in order to help them succeed in her class.  She is very clear and concise with her lectures/quizzes and tests.  TAKE HER.
5.0 : Take her! You won't regret it!
5.0 : Kathryn Barretto was one of the best professors I've had so far at SFSU. She cares about her students and creates a great student-to-teacher relationship. Her lectures are informative and she makes it easy to understand. Graded on notebook completion, quizzes, one final project, and final. She gives study guides for the quizzes! I love her
5.0 : kate is truly an angel!!! she works hard to make sure all of her students understand the class &amp; will often help you get the best possible grade.  the course was not very difficult, but you had to stay on top of your work.
5.0 : LOVED Kate's bio lab class! Super interactive &amp; fun, powerpoints are clear &amp; not hard to learn, quizzes are short and simple, and keep your lab notebook neat and organized. Kate is such a sweetheart &amp; is always willing to help her students. Hands down would take her class again!
5.0 : Honestly the sweetest and cutest professor I've had at SFSU. Clear grading criteria for lab notebooks, 5 quizzes with specific study guides that are basically the quiz, and just a final that's questions from the quizzes &amp; a bit of new material. Really cares about her students and overall a really fun class.
5.0 : She is very caring and kind and considerate of students. She is always opened to help students and she gives many chances to students to do well and turn in their homework. There is homework very often but it is not so hard.
5.0 : She is such a great professor! She tries her best to help us and really engages her students. she's so nice and caring! You'll love her class. Not too hard. just gotta do the work and you'll do fine.
5.0 : Lara is a great professor. Environmental health is a very interesting subject with many subtopics. It's a lot to learn but it's worth it. I loved her class and the way she teaches. I wish she taught other courses!
4.0 : Lara is a great professor. She made very depressing topics very fun to learn about. She tries her best to make sure we are all learning. Class is very engaging, loved the material. As long as you go to class study the slides you'll do great.
5.0 : I took this class to fulfill a GE, but this class was by far one of my favorite classes. Jeremy was super cool and made the class really fun and enjoyable. He really cares about what the students have to say and some of the lectures will blow your mind.  Not a lot of homework, but do the readings and be ready to talk about it next class.
5.0 : Reasonable and chill teacher. Lectures are very contemporary and relatable. learned about other minoritie, not just asian studies/culture. will help you if you ask. reading was pretty much the only homework and it was required. Overall, a very entertaining class.
5.0 : show up to class, miss 2 classes  dropped grade. just 3 small hmks (yes you have to read the books but they are modern), 1 midterm paper (2-3 pages based on your own topic) , no final test (or tests in general, and no daily hmk) but you create a "show" at the end with a group. very fun, interesting, eye-opening class. great professor.
5.0 : I took this class to fulfill a GE requirement and I was also meant to take it with another Professor that my previous Asian-American Studies Professor recommended me. However, I'm so glad I stuck with Jeremy because he is such an amazing instructor. His class fairly easy and fun. If I had the time, I would take this class all over again.
5.0 : Took this class to fulfill a GE but, didn't realize how interesting this course would be. It's not about the history of Asian Americans but more about yourself and what it means to be you. The required texts were some of my favorite books I've ever read. Easy grade and hilarious teacher, would definitely take again.
4.0 : George is really nice and is always ready to help you.  He let us redo homework that we missed or got wrong which was really helpful. He's also very approachable. The only thing I didn't like was that he didn't explain the topics, but apparently he's not supposed to.
4.0 : For this particular class, George was a fantastic teacher. He was patient and willing to answer any and all questions. He never made you feel dumb or anything like that. He really takes the time to make sure you understand everything. He is super helpful in class, but I totally recommend attending his office hours.
5.0 : I personally suck at math really bad but professor George is very patient and super helpful! Office hours helps a lot if you are better at learning 1 on 1, in class there is a lot of group work of trying to figure out, overall you get the grade you work for.
5.0 : Took him for math 70 this semester and I can honestly say he's such a good math teacher. He is patient with the class and doesn't move on till everyone truly understands the material. His grading is amazing as well! Homework makes up most of your grade. You don't need to get the write answers on hw problems just show your work!
5.0 : took him for math 70 and I honestly learned more from him than I did in my high school. He didn't lecture much but I know that's part of the curriculum.   He made me feel like I can do well if I wanted to work and he's easy to talk to. Never made me feel dumb. Offers extra credit, lets you make up homework and has test corrections. I recommend.
5.0 : Prof Hayduk is awesome. Cares about his students to succeed and helps you in any assignments you might be struggling on. A+ for Prof hayduk
3.0 : Even though the subject matter and assigned readings were interesting,  the lectures were a little tedious. Does not really go over the readings and class is primarily based on what students want to discuss which can be random. Everything you need to learn are all in the readings. 1 mini research paper, 1 research paper and final overall.
5.0 : Ramirez is such an enjoyable professor. She's very energetic &amp; passionate. She also cracks a few jokes during class which imo makes class time that much better. Lots of reading, great lectures, a couple of extra credit opportunities, and a term paper.
5.0 : Dr. Ramirez is the best professor I had throughout my undergraduate experience. She is hilarious and very personable. Also willing to do whatever she can for the success of each student. Lots of reading, but current and interesting. I have learned so much from her! Take all of her classes and stop by during office hours, she's a GEM!
5.0 : Great course I learned a lot  about the Latinx culture. Marla is very passionate and make learning enjoyable .
5.0 : Absolutely loved this course and the passion Marla has in her lectures. She gives really thorough lectures with easy readings and post all her slides on iLearn. Attendance is mandatory, but going to this class was honestly a treat. Looking out for more of her classes in the future!
5.0 : I LOVE THIS PROFESSOR, HE IS ONE OF THE HIDDEN GEMS IN SFSU'S PHYSICS DEPARTMENT. Compared to other physics instructors, Chien Wu truly cares about you and will always make you laugh. Not only is he hilarious, he is also an amazing lecturer, personally (and many of the people in his class) learned more in lab than lecture. TAKE HIM FOR SURE!!!!!
5.0 : Chien Wu was an amazing lab instructor, he is a must take for phys 112 or 122. What I really loved about his class was his lectures; I was so drawn by how he teaches, he just knows his stuff and knows how to apply it to a class setting. Also, keep in mind that the class is filled with crazy kids, haha. Overall, take him, do it, YOU WILL HAVE A FUN!
5.0 : He was a tough grader, but a great lecturer. That kinda redeems him... besides that great guy, take him.
5.0 : Chien is by far one of my favorite professors here at SF! He's a tough grader but talk to him and show him your work and he'll tell you what to fix!
5.0 : Chien Wu is my favorite lab professor here at SF State.  I definitely learned more in his class than I did in lecture.  His grading system is tough to crack, but he's definitely worth taking.  He always knew how to make us laugh during class.  He will make sure that you understand the procedures before moving on as well. YOU WON'T REGRET TAKING HIM
5.0 : The greatest physics lab professor at SF state in my opinion. He's hilarious, very helpful, and amazing. You won't regret taking a professor like Chien Wu. He enjoys teaching the class, and overall he's a great professor. He made the early morning classes worth going to and fun. If you have any problem he will help you for sure.
5.0 : Professor Barbar is an amazing teacher. She really gets the class going when it comes to class discussion, which I personally like because it really helps people learn better. Not just that but she has very good inputs when it comes to questions and concerning problems. She grades and gives feedback on time; Reading and tests very tightly related.
5.0 : Alyssa is a awesome professor! She has a clear grading criteria and as long as you put in some sort of effort you will pass!  She has a great personality and a can relate to her students as she is very young herself. Class consists of 3-4 speeches, 8 or so journal assignments, and 2-3 two page papers that are super easy to write. EASY A class!
5.0 : Alyssa is an amazing professor. She's very chill and approachable. She grades fairly easy, and it was probably my favorite class. TAKE THE CLASS!
5.0 : Honestly my favorite teacher this semester. She's an amazing professor and super chill. The class was pretty easy. Do the weekly readings before class. She gives weekly chapter journals, assigns four speeches, and offers some extra credit throughout the semester. As long as you can try, you can get an A.
5.0 : Alyssa is a cool professor. She's really funny and makes the coursework fun and interesting. Definitely recommend her.
5.0 : Professor White was absolutely wonderful to work with. She seems to genuinely cares about all of her students, and makes a point to hear and listen to everyone. The class is textbook-heavy, but it is a creative reading class, after all. She genuinely inspired me to do better, and if you have a chance to take her, do it.
5.0 : Erica is such a gem! She has taught me so much about the field. She is kind, caring, and passionate.
3.0 : Professor Che is very understanding and he offers tons of extra credit throughout the semester. There is a reading reflection due every week and an 8-10 page paper final at the end of the semester.
5.0 : Professor Rodriquez is an easy A. He was one of the best teachers I've had at SFSU! No exams! Just weekly reading reflections and a final 8-10 page paper. He helps with your paper and he offers lots of extra credit. I got a B+ because I missed a couple reflections, but I could've got an A, if I would've did extra credit. Take him, he's the best!
4.0 : Lots of assignments but she's an easy grader for the most part.
5.0 : Class is easy if you attend and pay attention. She has the class set up for you to do well if you try. No text book but a list of weekly articles to read, all material for her class comes from these articles and most of them are really interesting. Group project is pretty extensive but choose good group members and its not too bad. Would recommend.
5.0 : Her course material is very new and is well prepared. Also her grading policy and reasonable. I think anyone could benefit from her class a lot if you want to learn a lot.
4.0 : 2 midterms and a final (lowest grade dropped); 2 group projects (choose your group well!), a 360-review for yourself (start early), and weekly one-page analysis of your favorite reading for the week (choice out of 3-5 texts). She wants class discussions. Thoughtful classmates  great class. Lazy classmates  not so great. She does know her stuff.
5.0 : Gives quizzes, 3 small papers, 1 final presentation and easy final and midterm. He structured the class to help you pass. He has news of the day to correlate what we are learning with real life examples. Went out for drink with him and a couple classmates after our final presentation! He's great! you won't regret taking him!
5.0 : He looks like Walter White. Really good professor but he confuses you a lot. By far one of the hardest classes I have take this semester. Quizzes, No final or midterm, big final project that requires a lot of time.
4.0 : He lectures every class and there are a few online quizzes throughout the semester. There is assigned reading, but no graded HW. The final is just a short 3-4 page essay.
4.0 : For me personally I had Mrs. Maher over a year in Geo 101 and Geo 160 and she is a fair grader. Provide a lot of extra credit. She is hilarious and ask for our feedback and our interest. Her exams are fair when you can follow the presentation, take notes, and do the study guide. She do free multiple choice, fill in the blanks, free responses.
5.0 : Totally what teacher should be she is so sweet! Very passionate and she knows her stuff. You can tell how much she loves what she's doing very knowledgeable. And she's genuine, wants you to learn. Definitely recommend her!
5.0 : I am not the science type, but Professor Maher was extremely engaging! She's one of those teachers who you can see their passion for the subject and genuinely wants you to take and internalize the information she provides. She's very strategic in making sure we know relevant info and not just all of it. She's very flexible and understanding too!
5.0 : Dont miss class, participate and do the readings and you will get an A
5.0 : THE BEST TEACHER EVER!!! Show up to class, read the articles for weekly quizzes, take home midterm, final was a debate. Participation is key, so don't be shy. Easy A, coolest teacher!
4.0 : Attendance is mandatory, but if you email him ahead of time to let him know you're skipping, for whatever reason, you're okay. Worry more about what content you'll be missing than that. His lectures can be difficult to understand sometimes, but he keeps regular office hours that are genuinely helpful and informative. He's also really funny.
5.0 : So far, he is the best professor that I have met. Although Pre-Calc can be tough, if you don't skip class, and study hard, you will be fine. WileyPlus for homework. Plus, don't hesitate to utilize office hours. He's caring and hilarious. P.S He gives out ALOT of extra credits.
4.0 : Shawna's class is relatively easy. She assigned a lot of papers and it would've been more helpful  if she was on iLearn (grades are unknown until end of semester) However, taking her class was extremely beneficial. She's hilarious, gives great feedback and helps you improve in your weakest areas. I would definitely take her class again.
5.0 : Really, really, really wants people to pass. Takes late work, answers emails, the works. Syllabus said that we could only miss one day, but she was cool with the two that I missed (only one day because it was a once-a-week class).
5.0 : Faris was a great philosophy teacher- its a hard subject to learn and he made it fun and easier with his examples and methods of teaching!! He does have two papers that he grades kind of harshly, so make sure to work hard on them.
4.0 : He may not be the greatest teacher but he definitely cares the most, very accessible provides lots of examples. You can probably just read the textbook and gain the same information he teaches in class but thats Econ in general he atleast provides examples and one on one tutoring. OFFICE hours are key!
4.0 : She is very nice, not a hrad grader. 1 exam and a PowerPoint final. Reading is required but she will go over in class. So be prepare
4.0 : Kaitlin is very nice but she can be hard to understand sometimes.
5.0 : Emily is an excellent professor. She makes the class challenging but doesn't focus so much on proofs. She is also very supportive and will work with you if you need help.  Most of your grade is determined by tests and quizzes, but that's typical for a math class. If you like math, then I would definitely recommend her!
5.0 : Choosing Emily is easily one of the best decisions for my Cal 2 class. She is passionated about math in general and willing to help you figure out the functions and whatnot until you fully understand the materials. Her lectures and explanations are extremely easy to understand as well. I would definitely recommend Emily to my friends and others!
5.0 : Emily is the best. She works with you on everything and when she goes of the new the material you will get it on the first time around. There are two midterms and quizzes are weekly based on the homework. Take her and you will love math again.
5.0 : He is a very easy-going and let loose prof. Pay attention to his lectures, show up to class everyday, and he pretty much ALWAYS gives everything on the test/quiz. On top of that, he gives straight forward study guides. Participation is not a drag in this class because he is very welcoming. Highly recommend this prof!
5.0 : Seriously,  just go to class, study the powerpoints and you'll get an A. Gives study guides before every exam which covers all the material. Also he's incredibly hot
5.0 : Professor Villanueva is a new teacher to SFSU. He is a great teacher and listener. He's a counselor at Foothill College so that's why you can talk to him and he listens. This class is fun and you'll learn a lot. I hope that SFSU will bring him back for several years to come.
5.0 : I really enjoyed Dr. Moon's class, it is a combination of lecture and practical-styles, which I thought to be really refreshing. He is a genuine guy, and is always there to help students. My recommendation for this class is to study what he tells you to focus on, and practice a lot for the practical! All in all, I would recommend him for KIN538!
5.0 : Took Professor Moon for Peak Performance. The format is 3 exams (final included), 10 journal assignments, one individual project, and a couple papers. The assignments are easy and he gives you a study guide for each exam. Usually 30 questions, multiple choice. He takes attendance for participation. Really easy class and great guy! Take him. Easy A.
3.0 : Very easy! 3 exams with study guides, 1 group presentation, 1 short midterm paper, 10 short journal papers, and a final paper. Something I didn't see mentioned elsewhere is he may snap at individual student when he's stressed. Be nice back, and don't challenge him, and he'll change his tone pretty quick. He's otherwise a very kind and funny person.
5.0 : Prof. Nathanson cares more about students learning and succeeding than passing tests. He would guarantee every student an A if they promised to pay attention in class, and learn how to approach the ever-changing workplace. Grade is dependent on two group projects, 3 short papers, and class participation. Definitely recommend him.
5.0 : Best teacher I've had at SFSU. His lectures are great and I sometimes even feel like I'm in therapy learning all these new things about myself. He really has the class set up for everyone to succeed. He is really smart and open to everyones opinion. Tests and papers are easy if you go to class. Will be taking another course with him again.
5.0 : Prof. Nathanson has to be one of the best business professors i've had at SFSU. He is a life coach that puts his skills into his teachings. Easy work, just do it. He really is there to set you up for success in and out of class. NO textbook required! I admire all the knowledge Prof. Nathanson has. Highly recommend him!!!
3.0 : I like Craig but at the same time a lot of his assignments have minimal instructions, so when I think I kill a paper using the instructions given, he has this feedback that I don't know how I could have read his mind to have added to my paper. I don't know, lectures are good, but seriously, not that clear.
5.0 : I loved taking prof. Nathanson! He has really great lectures, I learned lots of new stuff. He made me think and do a lot of self-reflecting and to become be more aware. His personal stories are funny. He talks about politics a bit too much. 2 group presentations (he chooses for you), a few quizzes, and a final. Attendance mandatory.
5.0 : Professor Silveira is great! She does her best to teach every student the basics of vocal training, and gives good and honest feedback. The class is an easy A if you show up and do well in the online portion. Attendance is mandatory, but if you email her ahead of time if you need to skip it's usually okay.
5.0 : What an honor to write the first review of Professor Rew (my favorite professor at state)!  Summing him up: -4 papers (5, 10, 15, &amp; 20 % of your grade), allowed to re-write--may be exceptions. -Class discussions are a big part of lectures. -He places people into groups based on writing abilities. -Very approachable, wants his students to succeed.
4.0 : Rew is an awesome English professor. He gives good feedback and allows rewrites on all of his essays. The workload for the class is entirely manageable and he's always happy to help during his office hours.
5.0 : Laurie is extremely caring and wants all her students to succeed. The home work can be tedious but if you put in the effort and participate in class, you'll definitely get a good grade. She also offers extra credit worth a lot of points, so take advantage.
5.0 : Laurie is a hilarious and rigorous professor as well as a great an empathetic person. So, if you show that you're engaging with the material, show up for class,  show that you're working hard, and talk to her, then she is very understanding and even lenient with some things. Prepare to read a lot and be challenged.
5.0 : Professor Shanna Cooper is honestly one of the nicest teachers. She always give our essays back graded with helpful comments way before every paper was due and replied to emails. She also let me revise every essay for a better grade and was understanding when I had family problems. I learned how to be a good writer and hope I can take 214 with her!
5.0 : Shanna was the best teacher i had my first semester of college. She assigns a lot of writing assignment and essays but they are all interesting. She replied to my emails super fast and always gave me very thoughtful feedback. She cares so much about her students and is everything the ideal teacher would be. I would absolutely take her class again.
1.0 : Not a hard teacher, but be prepared to show up and write. Professor Shanna works just as hard as her students, so if you don't put in 100%, it's kind of on you. She was always really nice and understanding and there's barely any reading. NO TEXTBOOKS!
5.0 : Not a hard teacher, but be prepared to show up and write. Professor Shanna works just as hard as her students, so if you don't put in 100%, it's kind of on you. She was always really nice and understanding and there's barely any reading. NO TEXTBOOKS!  Not a hard teacher, but be prepared to show up and write. Professor Shanna works just as hard as
5.0 : Shanna was the best English teacher I've had this year. She's a really sweet person, but don't be fooled because you do a LOT of writing in this class. You don't read a lot, but all the writing homework more than makes up for it. She's pretty helpful and gives so much feedback, even the smallest homework. Besides, we got to study Beyonce in class!
5.0 : Shanna's class is the best thing to have happened to me at state! Not only is she a fun teacher, but she gives the best life advice. Whenever I am having a problem with school or other things, I always know that I can go to Shanna for help. Plus, she isn't bad to look at. All in all, I highly recommend this class; you will not regret it!
5.0 : Considering she was asked to teach this class at the last minute, I think she did pretty well this semester. She was very nice &amp; really wanted our feedback on what she did well so that we would do well in her classes. Gave 1 or 2 journals (for volunteer hrs), weekly quizzes, &amp;put up her lectures online. Put effort into the class and you'll do well.
5.0 : If you have a background in ECE or Sp. Ed., this class shouldn't be too hard.  Prof. Stewart-Henry expects regular attendance and she is not lenient about missed work, but as long as you keep up and put in the effort, you'll get a good grade.   P.S. No books required &amp; all homework reading is optional since she goes over everything during lecture.
5.0 : I only took this class to fulfill graduation requirements but the professor made it feel like this was my major. The assignments were challenging but interesting and even enjoyable. I learned a lot about the subject of early intervention and the professor set everyone up for greatness. The instructions were clear and thoughtful feedback was given.
5.0 : Took this class as a winter session and was very happy with how it worked out. She sets up the class for everyone who works hard to get a good grade. She tells you what will be on the quiz so if you study and memorize the example you will get an easy 5/5 on them. Warning though, the final is really hard, make a very detailed study guide.
5.0 : take her class, she makes the lecture very simple and easy. no text book require, but she will given the slide on the ilearn, and hand out in class. Quizzes will be given almost every class, but supper easy. two lower grades will be dropped and given extra credit.  she is the best instructor I have met.
5.0 : BEST TEACHER EVER! It's hard finding good finance teachers that truly want to TEACH you the material. She's literally straight to the point. You must come to every class, Quizzes, 3 Tests-lowest one gets dropped, Individual Project, Final is all lecture slide. Her slides are extremely helpful. Easy A if you show up and study.
5.0 : Very good class. Suggested. the teacher is very enthusiastic about teaching and knew the materials really well. He does lots of activities in class simulating the real life situations.
5.0 : Best Prof. I've ever had. He cares a lot. Definitely recommend him and his course. Amazing Prof with so much passion and knowledge on the field. Always dressed up very well and his course in very engaging. Played games in the class and makes every topic easy to understand.
5.0 : Prof Shahrasbi is a great professor, with much love about IS. He cares about his students and tries to teach us the real world knowledge regarding IS. Take this class if you have the chance.
4.0 : Such an amazing professor! He's very willing to work with you so that you can pass the class. His class is easy and the games played in class is very stimulating. He's also very witty and patient. Very positive presence! I only got a B in the class because I didn't study for my final. Otherwise, I would've gotten a A.
5.0 : Best Prof. ever. I learned a lot in this class. definitely recommend everyone to take his class. He is so caring. The class is fun, he makes his best to talk and teach useful stuffs through games and activities. I literally owe him because I use his material in my job interviews. Zero regret to take this course.
5.0 : I owe my job to his class. Teach very useful stuffs. I wish we have more of this type of course and profs. So useful, absolutely worth to take his class. BTW, he is very handsome.
5.0 : TAKE THIS CLASS. You won't regret it. It's one of those class that you don't need to open a text book to learn. HE WILL TEACH YOU EVERYTHING. 1 Midterm, 1 Final, 1 Easy group Presentation about an I.T topic. Everything on the midterm and final are things that he goes over in class. You'll spent 75% of the semester playing competitive game.
5.0 : SO FUN! Rebecca's class was not too hard but really fun. There are too many papers and she makes people participate but it was cool - she likes to talk about gender a lot.
5.0 : Some of the most fun you'll have all semester. She's really entertaining and as long as you do the work you'll get a good grade.
5.0 : She is the best professor anyone can have! I was super scared of public speaking but she is awesome and really makes you feel comfortable about speaking. She's super young too so she's far from boring. She even gave us her Snapchat, Twitter and Instagram! Easy A!
5.0 : Joseph is entertaining and likes to joke around, but the class is very informative. I'm in a CLS program and I'm having a great time rn b/c I've taken this class. Both the lect and lab are extremely useful later on in grad school. I still look at his ppt slides for reference. Class is challenging but you will learn a LOT if you put in the effort.
5.0 : Prof. Musallam is one of the best instructors i've ever had. He cares a lot about his students and would do anything to help them succeed. His great sense of humor makes lectures fun.  As long you put your best effort and come preped for quizzes and lect, you will do great. SFSU is lucky to have such a knowledgable  professor.
5.0 : He truly cares about his students.  He is passionate about teaching and guiding the students in every way possible.  There is lot of information needed to grasp in short amount of time but he got a great sense of humor which makes the class fun. He is an inspiration for his students. I will always be grateful that I took his class.
4.0 : This professor is outstanding and he knows everything about hematology. He cares for his students and he is there if you need him for help. It is lecture heavy, so expect to study really hard and do some critical thinking. It is a tough class but if you really put the effort in, it is worth.
4.0 : Truly cares for his students and wants to make sure that you understand the concepts, both in lecture and in lab. Learning about the clinical aspect of Hematology was great because we learned techniques that are still being used today. The class is full of information, so it's important to get understanding of the topics.
5.0 : Vadim is such a cool prof. His lectures are amazing, he is clear when explaining things and will help you understand stuff too. His essays were not too bad although there was a lot. As long as you read the material, and have a broad mind, you will ace this class!!
5.0 : Picture yourself as a toddler, in 1778 Virginia. The British are coming, and there's nobody there to stop them. As they approach ever closer, you hear a loud noise, a cannon fire, behind you and the British retreat. You turn to see a great man standing before a massive army. Is it George Washington? Hell no, it's Vadim Keyser.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have had. I definitely plan on taking more classes from her if possible.
5.0 : Professor DeGuzman is hilarious. Her lectures are always fun and easy to follow while also educational. She doesn't assign too much homework and she is a leniant grader. I would definitely take her class again.
5.0 : I think this is his first semester.  Pros: He has very friendly approach, really cares about his students. He is down to earth and comes to you if you have a questions. I personally learn a lot from his practical skills. He knows the distinction between being helpful rather than being easy. Cons: He is silent and might be hard to hear his voice
5.0 : I wish I had a chance to take him for any other course earlier, I have learned a lot more from him compared to my 220 and 210 teachers combined. His coding skills are amazing, I truly wish to be like him in the future. Cant recommend him less. Thank you professor for always being there, helping us like a friend that we knew for thousand years.
5.0 : Easy class, grade is based off of in class labs and the final is the presentation of your portfolio website. Fun course, prof was laid back and helpful but mostly the course is self explanatory.
5.0 : I have to say, Mr. Wessels is an amazing teacher! If you actually try in his class you will no doubt get the subject. He knows that Critical Thinking can be a difficult concept to grasp, but he makes it so understandable, and I am impressed with how he teaches his class. I would highly recommend him to anyone taking this course!
4.0 : Professor Wessels teaches you about what you need to know and then some. His lectures sometimes went off tangent and if you were not interested it could put you to sleep. Used the book for hw and reading so you have to get it. Overall, if you go to class and take notes you'll pass. He genuinely cares for his students and takes suggestions.
4.0 : Monica is the nicest professor I've had at SFSU so far. Her classes are quite simple, just do the work and you'll get a good grade. She uses the book a lot, but I like how this class is hybrid so I don't have to go to class often. Group projects are the main bulk of the class, along with long boring lectures. I still enjoy being in the class!
4.0 : 1 Ind. presentation, 1 discussion paper, 2 tests, 1 group project, 20 pgs, powerpoint, tough exams, all lectures are straight from textbook. be sure to prepare discussions every class. gives extra credit curved the midterm by a lot. Got D-  midterm, got C on final, B's on everything else, and ended with a B. She's very smart, complicates easy thing
5.0 : Great professor! she's very knowledgeable, I've learned a lot from her lectures and from class activities.  There's a lot of assigned reading from the text book and from several weekly assigned articles.  Extremely important to keep up on readings,  you will be tested on the material.  One group research project paper and presentation!
5.0 : He is an awesome professor and I would definitely recommend for DS 412. I enjoy the approach he is taking towards this class because it makes it less boring. A lot of group work/projects but overall well structured. It also helps that he is good looking.
5.0 : Prof Jackie  is the best professor I have had at SFSU. Her class was a little hard but she cared more about effort than being right. I learned more in this course than all others. I definitely recommend this prof!
5.0 : Jackie rocks. Beyond glad I took this class for one of my lower divisions. Interesting topics and easy papers. Make sure to go to class and do the readings. Definitely would take this professor again
5.0 : Jackie is absolutely amazing. I think everyone has that one professor or class that really makes an impact and inspires you and this is the professor/class. We read an article or essay before each class, which you don't HAVE to do because we discuss them in class. Takes attendance, 5 short 2 page reaction papers and a group social action project.
5.0 : I loved Jacqueline so much! yeah the reading was a lot, but the class was always interesting and it really gets you thinking. I really loved the class because of the environment and how caring she was. Her grading is a little tough, but fair. You will have to participate in class and offer your own opinions, but she respects everyone's POV.
5.0 : I have never enjoyed a class more. She is an amazing professor that encourages class contribution in a positive way. If I could take her class a second time I would. Definitely worth enrolling in this course!
5.0 : TAKE THIS CLASS. Jacki is hands down the best professor I have had so far. There is a bit of reading, but it's all interesting. There are response papers, but they are definitely do able and not hard to do. This was my first college class I actually did not mind going to and loved everything I took away. Jacki rocks&lt;3
5.0 : I was fortunate enough to take two classes taught by Giles and I highly recommend him to anyone considering any of his classes! Hes really easy to talk to, awesome to learn from and very knowledgeable. Few tests, no assignments, and he offers extra credit opportunities. (And deserves hella chili peppers on the hotness rating)
5.0 : Coming to this 3 hour lecture at night was a class I looked forward to! Giles is very approachable and has awesome lectures with relevant/ funny memes and videos to help keep the class engaged. As long as you show up to class, listen to lecture and review your notes, you should be pleased with your grade. I would definitely take him again!
4.0 : He gives what seems to be a lot of busy work, but in the end it all ties together and you actually learn a lot from it. The essays are generally easy commonly on somewhat personal issues with straightforward guidelines. Attendance is "mandatory" but if you miss a few classes, no biggie. Honestly an easy A, laid-back class.
5.0 : He definitely cares about his students, one of the only teaches I've met that's willing to go the extra mile and help you, he's just on your side. Assigns a lot of reading, but it's an english class and he tries to make the reading interesting and relevant to your life today. Also gives you an opportunity to make up any missing work at the end.
5.0 : I would definitely recommend to take Dan for anyone's first year of college. He's a very helpful teacher and if you ever need help you can always go to him or email him. He tries to help you connect with the readings on a personal level which makes it easier to write essays on. Pretty easy class, just do your work and you'll get a good grade!
5.0 : Professor Dan is honestly SUPER cool and chill. Respects and listens to his students and gives good feedback on essays. Workload is a decent amount but it's not impossible. Also does a book club and the books are interesting and not boring
5.0 : This was my favorite class when I took it. It was extremely easy. 4 exams (lowest is dropped), HW due each week, but you need 50% on the HW to get full credit, clicker counts as your participation but she drops several clicker days, and OFFERS 100 POINTS OF EXTRA CREDIT!!! She's is great in her office hours, good lectures, an overall nice person!
4.0 : uses the white board to take notes so he actually tests on his lectures. Records his lectures so if you miss you can go back and review. Had 7 tests plus a final but all relatively easy and he provides practice exams that help and drops lowest score . Really hard to fail this class given all the tools he provides. Extra credit worth 1% given.
3.0 : I have mixed feelings about Jensen. He doesn't really provide you with study guides, so it is a bit harder to learn. He's average at teaching, but is a really cool guy. Take his class if you are already pretty well versed in chemistry.
4.0 : He's a great teacher. He provides practice exams beforehand so you can study them. Some questions are taken directly from old tests. 7 exams (every two weeks/lowest exam dropped), weekly HW, and iclickers. He offered one extra credit assignment worth 10 points. Attend office hours if you need help. Highly recommend!
4.0 : Kat is honestly so cool. She grades you on very few assignments so showing up is the smart thing to do since attendance is half your grade. All she does is lecture and occasionally you'll have to do an impromptu speech with other classmates. Plus she only assigns one paper at the end. It is SO EASY. Take her if you're taking this class.
4.0 : Kathleen Arnolfo's class is a simple and effective choice to fill out your A2 requirement. She is fun and easy going, plus she'll never give you an assignment which can't be done the night before.
5.0 : Nick Sousanis is easily my favorite professor at SF State.  He is open to new ideas and always wants to hear your opinion.  I wish I had the opportunity to take more classes with him!
5.0 : She is super young and tries to make the class very comfortable and friendly. She provides clear instructions with clear deadlines. She is very understanding and approachable. This class was a breeze.
5.0 : Cynthia is a very sweet professor who really cares about her students. She makes us share news of the day as an icebreaker and a chance to gain participation points. She doesn't give tests, but she gives a few group presentations that are very interesting.
5.0 : Super sweet, one of the sweetest Professors I've ever had at State. She really cares about the students, is willing to give a safe space for all to contribute to the class on recent topics going on in the world. Do the readings, understand them, attend class, and you'll be set!
5.0 : I took Marketing 469 with professor Kargaran this spring and let's just say it was an exceptional experience. His lectures are anything but usual PowerPoint slides. Real world examples, guest speakers, live experiments and many more. I certainly recommend this instructor for anyone out there would like to learn something practical.
5.0 : Professor Kargaran definitely brings the humor into teaching. Not only does he make his lectures a fun experience, he really makes it stick in your brain. I would recommend taking him!
4.0 : I really enjoyed taking marketing analytics with Hamid. For a night class, he was engaging, personable, &amp; open to answering questions. He was also really humorous, so that was a plus. His course doesn't involve homework, but it's key to show up to class to learn all material for the exams. Most of what you learn is from him speaking during lecture.
5.0 : I took Mktg Analytics with Hamid (Spring 2017). Good lecturer with a sense of humor. I recommend this class and professor for student who are interested in data analytics. Easy A if you come to class, read the chapters, and ask questions. Even easier A if you have already taken marketing research. No homework assignments. 3 exams.
5.0 : Julie is pretty cool. She is a grad student. Her class was fun. four speeches, two of them were easy the last two were more work but not so bad. But make sure you come to class and don't call her Miss or Mrs.
5.0 : Great professor with great lectures. You only have 3 tests and very little hw that he wont collect till the midterm or the final. Would suggest taking him
4.0 : Simple class, not difficult at all. Highly recommend his class if you need to take Philosophy
5.0 : Loved this class. I never thought I would take such an interest in philosophy, and now it's my major. All the exams are take home and the journals are extremely casual. If you want to expand your mind and really think, take this class!
4.0 : He is very knowledgable. I never really go to class and just do the weekly journals/reading on my own. The quizzes are online and fairly easy.
5.0 : He's very understanding and respectful towards his students. He is also very knowledgable and gives interesting lectures that will make you think. Homework is not super hard but a great tool to reflect on your thoughts. I recommend taking him, you will not regret.
4.0 : Ashley was really cool as a person but her lectures were slightly confusing. Her grading criteria is clear but if not done properly be prepared to lose points. There are about 4 quizzes and only 7 lab reports so your grade can really flop if you do not do well on all of them.
5.0 : Jennifer is a sweet and caring professor. I have her for "Introduction to Arab and Muslim Communities". Basically every week we read an article for homework (usually about 20 pages) and discuss it in class. The lectures are very interesting and you can tells she really cares about the subject. She seems to care about her students a lot! No tests.
5.0 : Jennifer is a passionate Professor who cares about her students and is very knowledgable on the Arab world. She knows how to engage with her students &amp; keep them interested. The readings she assigned were interesting and she did an amazing job at connecting the readings to the lecture. She wants all her students to succeed and makes time for them!
5.0 : Timmy was an awesome Professor. He is totally understandable and flexible with students. If you're behind on things just go talk to him, he'll open up hw's. Try to get a study group. 3 Midterms but it honestly helps you understand the material more. He is open for criticism so if he goes too fast during lecture tell him, he'll go over it again.
5.0 : Really good teacher, he is really passionate about math as well as teaching. When I went to his office hours I told him I was a visual learner and he began drawing things in his lecture which really helped. If you miss a homework with a valid excuse, he will open it up for you. Don't miss class, don't be shy to ask questions.
4.0 : This is a great class to take if you're still new to calculus, and Timmy is very aware that most students need to ease into it. However, because this class is only a semester long, things move pretty quick. Also, missing class is not always a big deal, but missing out on a lecture is risky, so beware. Also he announces quizzes the day before!
4.0 : I had Mrs. Agius for a combined 104/105 class so it was literally essay after essay, but she's there to help you with every step. She doesn't grade your essays on a grading scale either, just whether it's developing, accomplished, or exceeded. As long as all your essays are accomplished you can get at least a B in the class. Talk to her if ur behin
5.0 : Dr. Barber is a memory researcher so it is no wonder she knows how to make the lectures really stick in your brain. She goes out of her way to answer student questions and will research and gets back to you if she doesn't know off the top of her head. Very nice woman personally and passionate about her work. Highly recommend.
5.0 : A great Psych professor to take! Not boring what so ever and goes through the lectures with a smile and enthusiasm. No attendance but I would suggest going to learn about how memory works, very interesting subject in my opinion. We use iLearn for like 5 online assignments which aren't hard. 2/3 exams are mandatory, and 1 final.
4.0 : Ms. Coyne did a really good job explaining very technical material. Part of the class were difficult but she was always available to meet and was really helpful explaining everything
5.0 : Ms. Coyne is a super awesome professor. She was always patient explaining things to me and was good about meeting after class to go over my papers. Class discussions were interesting and she pushed us to think outside of the box. Good class!
5.0 : Great Instructor. Got us involved and intrigued. She is very understanding, and willing to work with me when I get behind.  I really enjoyed this class
5.0 : Professor Coyne's Social and Political Philosophy course is so good. She is very into making it a discussion more than a lecture, so if you don't like having to be involved with lectures this isn't the class for you. She is extremely caring and knows her stuff which alone makes the class. I recommend taking it 100% for your D1 GE.
4.0 : Kimberly is an amazing professor! What I liked about her class was she graded more upon attempt, &amp; stated that she cares more about if we understand the content rather than our grades on exams. Her class is a lot of group work as well as lecturing but she wants you to get help from peers. Overall, she made this class easy to understand.
5.0 : Prof. Castro is a great professor and she have passion in teaching her class. It was great and pleasure to have her as a Professor. Also, she helps the students to understand the material and tries best for students to pass as well. However, she sometimes over explains some of the materials. anyhow, Prof. Castro is still a great teacher.
5.0 : Professor Castro was an amazing math teacher. She is kind and does her best to make everyone understand the lessons. She is comprehensive and will work with you one on one if you really need the help. Her study guides are exactly as the tests. Definitely recommend her.
5.0 : I had Cheryl as my Bio 328 Anatomy Lab instructor. She was so great! I had a blast in that class and learned a lot from her. She truly takes her time to help anyone that is lost or that does not get the concept. Cheryl makes class fun and easy and she knows tons of mnemonics to help you remember everything! I recommend her!! She makes anatomy fun!
5.0 : Prof. Kohls is a real gem in the comp department. Eng 700 is mostly student-led (students facilitate/present on weekly readings), which is great practice and livens up the class. Readings are all well-selected &amp; stimulating (jigsaw format). Presentation on a composition scholar of your choice and a research paper (lit. review) is included. Take it!
5.0 : He had 3 exams and he drops your lowest one so basically 2 exams. 3 assignments that are easy to do. Do extra credit! it helps if you lost points on the exam. Go to class because a lot of the information is on the exam and he does not really have a study guide. Really enjoyed the class and he is a great dude!
5.0 : Professor Gomez is a wonderful Professor with a passion for what he teaches. His lectures are well organized and easy to follow. A lot of reading, and quizzes every week, but if you do the work, you will definitely pass the class with ease. Very helpful and always there to help, which is what every Professor should strive for.
4.0 : Professor Gomez is truly one of the best professors I've had at this school. His lectures are super interesting even though some of the material can be hard to understand and he makes them interactive in order to gain the interest of his students. All the homework is easy and he's considerate of how much he assigns.
5.0 : An Amazing professor!!!!
5.0 : Gwen is an awesome teacher, super kind and always cares about your success. She makes herself available when you need it. She takes this class to the next level with great discussions and openness that I have not seen before at sfsu. Homework is not bad, just a few papers and that is all. Final and Midterm are both multiple choice.
5.0 : My favorite class this semester! midterm and final are fair, but not easy so study hard. You aren't required to participate because it's a tough subject. I didn't use the book once, she gives a summary of the readings at the end of each lecture which is fine for the tests.
5.0 : Linda is awesome! She is the TA in PLSI 100 and is very helpful. She is the reason I was able to get through the course. She always gives great feedback with the added note of "great work" or others. Very sweet! Thanks Linda!
5.0 : If you want to take a class where you'll actually learn something  then take this class. Professor Stewart is open to all opinions, and his topics for discussion are super interesting. However if you don't like to talk much in class, don't take him. He learns everyone's name and likes to call on people. Other than that, he's a super cool dude.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR EVER! Very kind, knowledgeable, understanding and personable. Makes you feel comfortable when speaking and is very engaging, it also helps that he is handsome. Quizzes almost every week, one case study presentation per group, 3 reflection papers, 3 written assignments and 2 exams. Three hour class seems to go by super fast!
5.0 : Excellent professor! He is one of the best professors I have ever had. By the second or third class, he will know who you are. He cares about his students. There are quizzes every week, three reflection papers, 2 topic debates, 3 writing assignments, a group presentation, and 2 online exams. You are really going to learn a lot. TAKE THIS CLASS!!!
5.0 : Take this class if you actually want to learn something. Put in some decent effort and you'll be rewarded. Professor Stewart is a wellspring of knowledge - reach out and ask questions if you don't understand somethin. Closed mouths don't get fed. Read the assigned readings! All the material is quite interesting. Definitely recommend this professor.
5.0 : Figure painting was great. I loved the course. Shear is funny and fun to talk to.
5.0 : Love this class! Professor Chris Bell is such an amazing professor! AFRS 210 is an online class theres a quiz every week really easy just do the readings &amp; if you don't sometime you get lucky and he does iterary analysis on the readings which is so helpful (answer should be all in there just read the analysis &amp; study)! Easy A!!!
5.0 : Take this class, u WON'T regret! Very EASY and FUN! NO QUIZ, NO TEST, NO LONG ESSAY! 30% Attendance/Participation (Shy? let others talk first) 40% projects (Art for children, so super fun, cutting, drawing, designing,.. No need previous knowledge in Art) 30% Notebook (put ur small artworks in it, write your own opinion and process, NOT difficult)
4.0 : Prof. Danko will require you to purchase a statistics textbook instead of using WileyPlus , but this is a good thing because the textbook he uses is very elaborative. I got a B even though I only attended class for the first week and the exams, which tells you his exams are straightforward. Very easy teacher, recommend Prof. Danko 100% for Stats212
4.0 : She grades easy, but the lecture was kind of boring. Consist of three papers, midterm, and final. As long as you try, you will do fine.
5.0 : Really chill, understanding, and has the students best interest at heart. Really passionate about snakes and amphibians.
5.0 : Amazing teacher! I am not afraid of writing academic papers anymore. Sofia will help you learn and she will encourage you to challenge yourself. Always open to talk. She values class participation. You will get a good grade if you do the work. Do the homework. Don't be late. Go to office hours. She will always have time to put a smile on your face.
5.0 : Great
5.0 : Amazing prof. She's super sweet and funny. She makes the class super interesting
5.0 : She is an amazing professor just as she is an amazing person! She brought in super dope guest speakers! She's creative when it comes to class projects and her lectures are interesting! Overall, her class wasn't too difficult, just as long as you do the assignments. Yeah, she's great and y'all should take her class.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class. The teacher created a open respectful environment where I was able to speak my opinions and hear that of others. Will definitly take her again and recommend.
4.0 : He gives up to 7% of extra credit to your final grade. Test are easy and if you try you will get 100%, but midterms are hard, you have to study from the pdf and exercises from the book.
3.0 : Professor Kim is a good professor however his accent might seem a little hard to understand and he also talks fast. He doesn't have any homework assignments so basically your only lifeline are tests, quizzes, and extra credit. If you're confused about anything, ask because he goes into depth. His tests are hard, you need to study
5.0 : Three 5% Quiz, Two 25% Exams, One 35% Final, and 7% EC. Quizzes are an automatic 100% if you write something. Exams are a completely different beast. Difficult concepts and no notes. You can get by without the textbook. Exams are based on Slides he post on iLearn. Don't skip. Take notes on example problems (very important for Exams).
5.0 : Professor Ross' algebraic geometry class was not easy, but he will give students a lot of feedback on office hours and is very understanding with his students. And also very encouraging and caring for his students.
5.0 : Dusty is an exceptional lecturer in every aspect. He makes an effort to learn everyone's name (he has) and is extremely helpful in office hours. Since teaching, la, as, and stats take cs 210, I recommend doing cs 230 the semester before you take 301 as it really does serve as a great introduction to proof writing.
5.0 : That's one of the best classes I havr ever taken. And I do not care if I pass it or not, but I will definitely take it again. The teacher is so organized and friendly. It is more like a discussing class, so we have about 50 pages to read each week. If you don't like to read then do not take it.
5.0 : I LOVE PROFESSOR HANSSMANN. He is so professional, organized, and everything you need a college professor to be. He posts all the homework and reading you will do the whole semester. There are readings every week but they are worth the read. Offers extra credit and there are really only two writing assignments and they are so easy and short.
5.0 : Professor Hanssmann is awesome. There's a lot of reading, but the material is super interesting. There are 5 pop quizzes throughout the semester but as long as you do the reading they're super easy. His lectures are clear and he takes feedback from the class seriously and he's very respectful of everyone.
5.0 : Ryana just starts to teach the class this fall. she is a blissful teacher with eastern coast temperamental energy which is awesome.
5.0 : He really cares about his students. If you put in the effort, he will reciprocate. He's fun and likes to engage with his students. There are two test over the course, both tests you are allowed a cheat sheet. Very easy to pass the class as long as you put minimal effort.
5.0 : Professor Liu made this class very easy for me. I enjoyed his class and he is a very nice guy. Just put the effort to pass the class and you will be fine. I really recommend you take this professor.
5.0 : Was able to take his class the first semester of Ian teaching at SFSU and I was extremely happy with this decision. He is one of the better teachers I have had at SFSU and recommend him to anyone.
4.0 : Ian was a great teacher. He's younger and is more relatable to his students. He genuinely wants to see you do well and learn. He is always open to feedback and ideas and is always wanting to improve the class. He does lecture quite a bit which can get boring, but still a solid teacher.
4.0 : good teacher
4.0 : Eric is a super funny and cool professor! His class is taught through a gender/sexuality lens so beware that all your papers will have to do with that.). There are 3 projects that are really interesting and he takes attendance every day. If you miss 6 classes you automatically fail and you need to participate in order to pass!
5.0 : Eric was a great professor! His course revolves around sexuality/ gender studies which was extremely interesting! Participation and attendance is mandatory!!! Dont skip class! Nice guy
5.0 : I absolutely loved her class! Although it's a lot of reading, she tries to balance it out with videos. Preparedness is important so be sure to at least skim the readings if anything. The class discussions is the best part! She really wants to hear your point of view. It makes all the work worth it. The only way you won't pass is if you don't try.
4.0 : Professor Rabelo is very caring, and is there for you if you need help or feedback. The group projects can be a bit heavy, but she does her best to help you understand them in class. The first test was easy, but the team portion was confusing. 2nd exam took about 8 hours, take home. I would recommend her to any student, be ready to attend daily.
5.0 : Ray is an awesome professor. You learn so much in his class and this class is a unique one. The first time it is being taught in the school this semester; only two other courses nation wide. The readings can be long, but the word response isn't too hard once you get the hang of it. Also, it fulfills 3/4 of the SF State Studies requirements.
4.0 : If you show up and pay attention, you'll live. He's an interesting lecture so it's not hard to stay engaged in the lectures. The writing assignments are fun and the tests are straight forward. There's a lot of reading but it's worth it.
4.0 : Lots of reading material that are usually due within 2-5 days. No other homework besides the reading. There are writing assignments called explications that are fairly easy if you read the books. He could be a tough grader but he just wants you to be specific as possible. There's a group teaching project &amp; a show the whole class has to do for final
5.0 : Ray is definitely the funniest professor I've ever had. He definitely knows what he's talking about and weaves fun class activities into his lectures. He's engaging and prepares you really well for anything you'll be tested on. Asian American Sexualities was probably one of the only classes I DIDN'T want to skip. Highly, HIGHLY recommend.
5.0 : Ray knows how to engage a classroom and encourages group participation. He does a great job in balancing serious topics in fun and interesting ways. You are guaranteed to learn something about yourself and others in this class. I would highly recommend him to anyone interested in Asian American Sexuality and would gladly take another class with him
5.0 : Ray is an amazing dude! He knows his material and knows how to engage with the class. He's funny and honestly an extremely respectable professor. Highly recommend!
5.0 : This class is amazing. It is Asian American Sexuality and he engages you in a way that makes you want to think about Sexuality and what it really means. He removes all awkwardness from the course and just dives right in so you really never feel like you're being left out. I would highly recommend this course to everyone.
5.0 : This class is really fun. Ray knows how to communicate with students, and he knows how to share his knowledge. It's a heavy-reading class, but not as many as other literature classes, and they are not that like hard readings. Just make sure that you do your works on time.
5.0 : Didn't expect this class to be what it turned out to be and I'm beyond pleasantly surprised. Ray is an all around amazing professor. Kept everyone engaged with interesting lectures and material to read. The class started off with a bunch of awkward strangers and in the end everyone became friends after all the group work and sharing of experiences.
5.0 : You can miss class and still pass. There's a lot of books you need for this class but they aren't too expensive. The class itself was really interesting, there's a paper, 5 explications, and two projects. The class isn't a usual AAS class and it gives you a different narrative for Filipino Americans. Don't be afraid to take the class!
4.0 : DOPE + FUNNY teacher! You can rent all books from the library. The class consistent of 5 explications, teaching group project, and final class performance. The class taught me a lot about myself and my capabilities. Definitely a class that will challenge you and help one come out of their shell. TAKE HIM forreal
5.0 : very nice person. Just do what she tells you. you will get an A+.
5.0 : I took Comm150 with her and it was overall an amazing experience. All her homework was online, very simple and to the point. Speeches were explained thoroughly and she gives very detailed examples of the speeches. Attend her class everyday or you will get lost. Overall she was a really great professor.
5.0 : Brittney is a wonderful teacher, I feel like I learned so much because I actually engaged myself and she encouraged us students to engage ourselves as well.
4.0 : He tries to be flexible with his students and is easy to talk to. I'd seriously recommend going to office hours but if you're too busy you can always email him and he's good at responding.
5.0 : 2 midterms and 1 final. You can use a cheat sheet and there is a study guide for the test which is very similar. He reviews the study guide with you. Few homework but it is basically example problems from notes. Show up to class and pay attention and you will pass!
5.0 : A good professor for business stats! Teaches really well, and wants to make sure you understand the lesson. 2 midterms and afinal, with a cheat sheet. teaches all of the content in class so you'll be able to understand the subject. Homework is online with multiple tries so you could try again if you don't get it the first time. highly recommend!
5.0 : This was Mr Rex first semester at SFSU and he was an amazing teacher. As long as you attend every class and take notes you will be fine. The homework are exactly like the in class examples and the finals are decent not too hard or too easy. Would recommend! Great teacher !
5.0 : Mrs. M really cares about her students and wants them to pass. She has office hours every week and is easily accessible through email. She lets you retest if you did poorly and has everyone work in groups. You have to buy an access code for the online homework which is usually 3 short assignments (3-5 questions) each week. Shes awesome!
4.0 : First and last impression of the professor, chill. Very friendly and easy to follow lectures. Lectures is mostly reviewing the textbook hw reading. Gives hw every lecture, but doable. No quizzes just the midterm, one essay, and final.
5.0 : Heather McMichael is a caring, honest, and supportive professor. She counts attendance towards your grade, and is an easy-fair grader. There are chapter test every 2-3 weeks, but they aren't that difficult- she gives sympathy. There is one major oral presentation (which isn't hard) and the final is a group skit in Spanish. Easy class if you work!
5.0 : A standard number of papers, but she knows what she's doing and how to actually teach people to write. The first and last papers were actually fun as you have a lot of choice in what topic you want.
