4.5 : It is unfortunate Dr Rima retired.  She was classic old school.
1.5 : Don't take this class, the only reason I got a C+ is because he curves the exams. They're out of 140 points and an 80+ is an A, which is really hard to get. His lecture is waste of time, he doesn't do a good hob explaining microeconomics.
1.0 : He's a very nice man but his lectures are all over the place. His hand writing is very sloppy and does all his lectures solely through work on the white board. His tests are ridiculously hard. I recommend staying as far away as possible.
2.0 : Really, really dry. Course is hard, however, you can basically pass without paying any attention if you want because all of his tests are built off of the online homeworks and reviews. An alright dude but a rough teacher, and the curve is ridiculous. It feels like there's luck involved with your grade.
1.0 : alot of people are too quick to judge. Yes he's a terrible teach, but his class isn't as hard as everyone makes it out to be. You can't understand his teaching because he's all over the place. If you put it a few hours to teach yourself the very basics, and understand the exam reviews, then you're setting yourself up for success.
1.0 : Economics is hard af and bowman didnt make it any easier.  Lectures are incredibly boring with nothing but headass examples but i feel like it was the same example over and over again.  Learned the most in this class the three days the TA taught before exam days.  Exams are the exact homework problems so study those.  But he does give a nice curve
1.0 : Awful professor.  Economics is already an extremely difficult topic and Professor Bowman did not make it any easier.  He is not personable, his grading system does not make any sense and his exams are very difficult.  Half the time I do even understand what the exam is on.  The three days the TA taught the class is when I learned the most.
1.0 : This was by far the worst teacher I've had the misfortune of having throughout my entire academic career. His lectures are so unclear, he doesn't focus on concepts and ideas, but rather just draws random graphs on the board and picks random numbers to accompany them. I wish I would have dropped the class while I still had the chance. STAY AWAY!
2.5 : Bowman is a dry teacher, his work on the board is all over the place, and often difficult to follow.  His homework assignments are written and long.  His tests are blue books rather than graphing and multiple choice.  Do not recommend!!
1.5 : Worst professor I ever came across! His way of teaching is too difficult, but a great person. If you have no knowledge about this course going into it, you may have a serious problem. One good thing I can say, the curves he gives works miracles!
2.5 : Very very difficult course.  I'm an Econ major so I should have gotten an A cus its an intro course and easy information.  I went from a 99 average in Macro to a B+ in Micro and for him this was an amazzzzing grade! He's an amazing man but the way he teaches class is very very hard.  He curves the tests a lotttt but it's still hard to get an A.
1.5 : He was all over the place when it came to lectures. I found no real help at all in class. Also, his handwriting sucked and he was too fast paced for how hard the material seemed. Only reason I passed is because he curves the tests so much. I wouldn't recommend him.
5.0 : I had him for Microeconomics in Spring 2016. I'm honestly shocked to see such low ratings for Professor Bowman. I thought his lectures were easy to follow and he repeated the material several times if you show up to the course. His exams are based on the lectures and are almost exactly the same. Super easy A for me.
1.0 : Easily the worst professor I have had at Temple and the worst teacher I have had in my entire life. No matter how hard I studied or worked I could not do well on the exams. I would frequently go to the MSRC, who were often confused by him, yet still had nothing to show for it. Drop him now and if you can't then withdraw.
1.0 : Although He seems like a very nice old man, his Teaching seems to lose almost everyone in the class. He is all about the graphing of things without being able to show how to come to the same conclusion with math. It is a very tough class that I am currently stuck in. textbook only comes in handy since you get loss in the class you can atleast read
1.0 : Do not take him!!!!! I'm taking him for my capstone class, he just won't help with anything. He's confusing, moves deadlines all the time without telling you, and worst of all... cancels every class, you even wonder what you pay for. He's a shame, and shouldn't have the right to teach.
1.0 : do not take this class. his exams are tough since you have to work out equations that he barley explains in class since he does the work for them before hand and then throws random numbers on the board.  seriously do not take this class especially if you want to actually learn micro economics.
3.5 : Took this class fall of freshman year, failed the first exam and ended with a 100% in the class after the curves on the next exams.  The class made me become an Economics major.  It is in no way easy but It helped me ace after economics class after this.  Take it if you came to school to learn.
1.0 : Worst professor ever. Rambles on in class and no one understands him. Exams are extremely difficult and way different from homework. STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS.
2.0 : Bowman gives 3 tests throughout the semester that were ridiculously difficult. I wouldn't have passed if it weren't for the "good luck" extra credit, and huge curve. He is monotone and this lectures are not interactive, he is very difficult to pay attention to.
2.0 : Bowman is not a great professor but hes such a nice guy and curves the heck out of the tests which is great. also the final is optional and can only help your grade if you choose to take it. i didnt study for anything in the class and got a C+ which isnt terrible considering i havent learned anything at all!! if you study its an easy A bc the curve
5.0 : He is very nice and is a lenient grader. His lectures and homeworks are key to the exams. You have to attend to do well. The lectures may be boring but as long as you take notes from the board and study them then you will pass the class.
2.0 : Gary is actually a nice old man but his lectures are all over the place and extremely hard to follow. You're basically going to have to teach yourself economics by reading the whole textbook. His lectures correlate with his exams but not the online homeworks, which you get once a week. However his test curves are so huge you will get at least a C.
3.0 : This was such a Hard History class to get through. It is an Easy A, with no tests or participation necessary. All you have to do is the homework assignments which are long readings with essay questions and show up to class.  She uses no powerpoints or visual and has a one tone way of talking. Extremely boring class.
1.5 : For some reason Hakim lectures were completely unbearable. His English is decent (though def. not perfect), but he goes over the same thing at least a hundred times. Final grades consist of 2 exams + online homework, and there's an EC presentation. Also, you MUST read the "extra" book (not the main one) before the final. I didn't and I regret it.
1.0 : Professor has no idea what he is doing or saying, not sure how he still has a job. In all sincerity any student that passes this class must have already taken economics or must have read an economics textbook. He doesn't even know what textbook we need. He knows nothing about economics or politics, and rants the entire class. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS.
1.0 : Please do not take. Rants the whole class and doesn't even cover all of the topics. You will only do good if you took economics before.
5.0 : Professor Simon Hakim is an exceptional teacher, very interesting and cares for his students.  He brings many current examples to explain complicated economic models.  He is very fare in grading, and likes to keep in touch with his students.  I attended both his principles of Microeconomics and privatization classes and I highly recommend him.
5.0 : Professor Hakim is an excellent teach and cares much about the students.  He is available at all times, listens, and shows respect to them.  I highly recommend to take his aclasses.
2.0 : DO NOT TAKE HAKIM! Did you catch that?DO NOT TAKE HAKIM! I truly wonder how he still has a job. In all sincerity any student that passes this class must have already taken Economics. The book is terrible due to the lack of graphs and don't even get me started on Online HW. He rants about economics,politics, and rants the entire class.
4.0 : He is a very easy going teacher. I don't understand how people fail his class. All of the mid term questions are directly from the homework. He's a sweet old man that may be a little boring but he loves his job!
2.0 : Hakim was pretty boring, don't get me wrong, but the class was not very demanding and I got an A without much effort. He offers 10% extra credit if you do a 5 minute powerpoint presentation about a current event. The homework was a little difficult, but didnt count for much. Read the text book + participate (a little) + presentation  A
2.0 : Professor Hakim is a wonderful man, but I think its time for him to retire. He cares about his student a lot, but when it comes to grading, I still do not understand how he does it. Received B's on both exams (straight out of the homework questions), got 100% on the homework, went to every class, and participated and ended with a B-. Dont ask how.
1.0 : I dont think I have ever had a worse professor. He does not know how to teach and when you ask for help he is INSANELY rude. His preceptors even followed in his footsteps and were rude as well, offerring no help. He does not post grades and is all over the place. Do not take him as a teacher unless you absolutely have to.
5.0 : Very, very helpful and he really explained the material well, he really knows what he is talking about. The tests and quizzes were easy but required some studying. Great guy and professor and I would definitely take his class again!
3.0 : I took classes with Mr Berryman at Stockton College back in '91. You have no idea how much this guy knows about Latin America. If you are worried about your grade, enjoy your B and move on to your business degree. For the rest of us, absorb everything you can. No pretentious professor crap here. He is the real deal. Life is more than grades.
1.0 : This guy needs to be avoided. He has not actually used any of the teaches in a long time. He goes entirely on opinion and only passes students he likes.
1.0 : Your answer have to be exactly what he think it's, you can' t have a little bit of difference even tho your answer is correct. No curve, no extra credit. Maybe all this have to do with the Navy experience he got. Those things mess him up
4.0 : He is a very good teacher and fair grader. Just read the book and do the assignments and you should pass with no problem.
1.0 : Tests are impossible, count for 80% of grade, and you barely review them. Expects you to know things he barely explained. Makes rude comments frequently. Is never in office hours to help. Very unorganized and clueless of what his TA's are doing. Labs and HW very time consuming and challenging. Only class I'm doing bad in. He's bad with examples.
1.0 : Terrible professor. Doesnt curve, expects you to read his mind with answers. Labs and class do not really cover whats on exam. Avoid!!
3.0 : Against all the heavy criticism, Nosek isn't the worst teacher. His lectures aren't the best but if you review his slides then you should be good. There's two midterms and a final, they're hard because of the way he sets them up, but he gives a huge curve on them. Also, the material in this class is truly not hard.
3.0 : His class was easy for me. No homework no assignments. You don't need to go to class. Must read the textbook to pass. Only three exams with 25 questions. Nothing else. Not much room to improve grade. Lecture wasn't very boring. But you won't learn anything from it. Good luck.
1.5 : Sklar is a really cool guy that clearly knows the law, but most of his lectures are just him telling personal stories. Tests are hard and the information doesn't come from the book or his lectures so it is difficult to do well. Gave a 10 point curve or so to my class though
1.0 : studied the chapter by myself inside and out and somehow still got a B. so you do have to study. The multiple choice  will sometimes be tricky so be careful. took it at 8am and pretty much didn't go and used the time for sleeping.
5.0 : Learned a lot. Knowledgeable and funny.   A great teacher.
1.0 : Class is horrible. He is a nice guy, but it is time for him to retire. He uses no online programs, no power points, no handouts. He comes to class and talks for an hour and 15 min straight. He doesn't even use the microphone. He also lacks to tell you when the tests are and what chapters they're on. The book is  MUST. Be prepared to read.
1.0 : Your grade depends on 3 tests and he does not give clear notes, just tells stories. Very boring and barely responds to emails.
2.0 : Sklar is not a bad guy, he's funny and knows what he's talking about, he just isn't that great of a teacher. We only had 3 tests and those were the only grades for the class, which most of the class ended up failing. He curves at the end of the semester but really makes you sweat it out and doesn't like to answer questions.
2.5 : Professor Sklar is very boring. He stands at the front of the room and talks the whole time and says things that do not make sense. You have to read the chapters yourself. Your whole grade is based off of three hard tests.
3.5 : The class is a lecture based course. Unless you take good notes and go to class most of the time, you will not have an easy time. Before each test, he tells you exactly what is going to be on it. Tests are tough and you have to work for it. He is a good lecturer, and as long as you pay attention, you should be okay.
2.5 : Hardest class I've taken in college so far. He does not use any powerpoints and does not write notes on the board. He just talks for 3 hours straight. Tests are extremely hard. Very odd style of teaching that just did not work well with me. There are no assignments, just 3 tests and that's your grade.
1.0 : Young metro does not trust him
1.0 : I am not exaggerating when I say Dr. Sklar is the worst professor I have taken at Temple by far. He seems like a nice enough guy, but he makes no effort to communicate outside of class and only responded to my emails after I sent a few. His lectures are basically stories about when he was a lawyer. They are funny, but he repeats them over and over.
5.0 : He's my favorite legal studies professor at Temple so far. Very knowledgeable, gives real life examples (not just theory) to the content that he teaches, and he doesn't load his lecture with personal politics, like other law professors do. Highly recommended.
3.0 : I had some knowledge of legal studies before taking his class so it wasn't too hard for me to get through. He talks a lot, mostly tells stories. He's a funny guy, I found myself actually laughing a few times. His lectures aren't of help, I got through the class by studying each chapter thoroughly. You really have no idea what'll be on the test.
2.5 : Professor was very funny and gave good examples rather than using the book. I had one paper and thought I did well but ended up with a C. Tests were tricky but basically things covered from the lectures.
1.0 : No PowerPoints and no notes. Just talks the whole class period and has very vague notes. Hard to understand and doesn't even turn on the class capture. Also your whole grade is based on three tough tests.
1.5 : Sklar is easily one the worst professors. He is very knowledgeable but can not teach the information effectively at all. All he does is lecture and you're not sure what to write down and what not to write down. Take any other professor that teaches this course.
1.0 : Not sure why he's even a professor here. He's horrible at teaching. Lecture heavy with no notes and you can barely understand him. Class averages were always around a 63-64 and he didn't care.
1.0 : Only take Sklar if you're interested in hearing a funny story every now and then, are cool with him just talking the whole time and not providing notes, and have the ability to memorize the book so you can actually pass the exam. I don't understand how he has been at Temple for so long. He doesn't put students in the position to succeed.
1.0 : I wish I would have looked at his other reviews before I took his class because I have never failed a class in my life but I think I'm about to. He's absolutely terrible as an instructor and his tests have little relevancy to what we talk about in class or read about.
1.0 : Do not take this class. He will stand in the front and talk about NOTHING. He will slap an exam in front of you and it will contain nothing to do with anything he said in lectures or what you are told to read in the text book. Unless you are a good guesser, this class is impossible to pass. It is criminal that students pay for this class. avoid.
1.0 : no. just no.
1.0 : By far the worst professor I've ever had. Lectures consist of rants about his lawyer days that are not helpful when it comes to the tests. Three exams make up your overall grade and they are very hard. The average in my class is a 60%. He does not care about his students in the slightest and seems to find humor in the fact that ppl fail so often.
1.0 : Avoid the class- very difficult to pass although the material seems simple. Hard to follow lectures and take notes. Not sure how he still teaches here.
2.0 : The good thing about him is you don't have to go to class, when you DO go he's funny. But his class was hard and there is a lot of work that you need to do on your own. textbook is mandatory to do well!!
1.0 : He does not teach at all. He waffles on about things that will not be on the test. He also assigns tons of online homework. Each homework has 50+ multi part questions. The tests are very difficult, and despite curving, the class avg is terrible. The text is bad, but the only way to pass. He is the prime example of why tenure shouldn't exist. Avoid!
1.0 : Friedman is the worst professor to have for ECON. His accent is extremely difficult to understand, he is too old and extremely slow. Cannot explain concepts clearly at all. All his assignments are online, he is too old and inexperienced to use computers. Class is confusing and impossible to do well in, would only recommend him to my worst enemy.
1.0 : Do not take the class unless you want to learn excel. Economics on top of excel. that is pretty much the class.  He is really hard to understand to. Try looking for other economics teachers.
2.0 : He admitted he did not know what he was talking about. Terrible teacher, very unclear of what is expected. Would not take again and i would not recommend to take either. You need to teacher yourself if you want to do well.
4.0 : The content he puts online is often poorly aligned with what is discussed in class, so quizzes and tests can cover content assigned weeks ago. However, he's funny, and an expert in his profession. If you get used to the rhythm of his class and review often, he's not as bad as he's rated. His final exam system is great, and it salvaged my grade.
1.0 : HORRIBLE TEACHER. Shows pointless economics rap videos from youtube and expects the class to learn from it. Put the wrong textbook in the syllabus, so half the class spent over $100 on THE WRONG BOOKin office hours he suggests I buy yet another textbook as supplemental materialgives impossible online excel assignments that NO ONE understands
3.5 : Very easy class. Do the reading on chapters, 5-10 pages, and you'll do fine. My class average is a 66% and I don't understand how. You are given every option to succeed in this course. Turn in hw and go to class and you should easily get a B.
2.0 : All I have to say I am beyond thankful for the massive curve in this class. While he is funny and means well, I basically taught myself everything for this class. I would read the textbook chapters completely before every 10 question multiple choice quiz bc they were that hard. Hw and worksheets helped a lot for grading but still a very hard class
3.5 : Wolfgang was like one of the first programmers around so he is super old school when it comes to computers. The exams are all made up of quiz questions, so keep up with the readings.  The hardest part of the class are the 5 labs in the first half of the semester. He's a super easy grader with design project in the second half though.
3.0 : The toughest are the 5 lab. these can be resubmitted multiple times (until the end of the semester) for a higher grade. The quizzes/exams are based on the lectures and slides - very easy, just memorize. Pick a decent project and just DO the work, doesn't have to be complicated, hand in things on time and you'll get an A on it.
4.0 : Took her winter quarter.  She's super nice. She really makes you move. Towards the end of the quarter we had to work in groups and create a 5 minute dance as our final. Even though you're not a great dancer, she's still very encouraging. It's an easy A!!
2.0 : extremely long test. All memorization. Very Lazy with teaching. online homework  very long
1.0 : Friedman did not seem to know what was going on on the My Econ Lab site. Multiple times there were Homeworks posted that people did and he did not know about them and they did not go along with the chapters we were studying. Avoid at all costs.
2.0 : He had too much going on on MyEconLab and no one ever knew what to do. His tests were way harder than the homework and he didn't know how to explain economics to students who have never had exposure to the subject.
1.0 : Can't understand anything he says. Often gives homework with no prior explanation of the material (e.g. going over chapter 2 in class then getting chapter 3 homework)
1.5 : He has a heavy accent that takes a while to get used to, and even what I can understand as English, I can't understand much of the content matter because he is so bare-bones with what he covers. Nice guy, but not my personal choice for a professor.
1.0 : Macro is a hard class and he makes it harder. He has a pretty thick accent and is terrible at explaining things. He often asked students their majors and then would them they are going nowhere in life. He's very unorganized, rarely puts grades up, and he always changes due dates so it's hard to keep track. He never emails you back either
1.0 : this is the most unorganized class i have ever been in. the lectures make no sense and are not correlated with each other whatsoever. the quizzes have nothing to do with the lectures either. she stutters all the time and is so uninteresting. i still don't even know what anthropology is after taking this class.
1.0 : Poorly organized lectures, homework not on tests
1.0 : Dr. Cohen is a terrible lecturer, assigns not particularly relevant homework, and has the most obtuse grade calculation on the planet. I recommend you avoid him at all costs.  On the plus side, he was always a pleasure to talk to during his office hours  and generally knows his stuff. He just needs some SERIOUS teaching help.
1.0 : NO, no no no no
1.0 : DO NOT CHOOSE THE MAN! THE WORST MAN IN TEMPLE UNIVERSITY!HATE HIM!
4.0 : The wiley homework is extra credit and can boost your final grade by 10 points!!! If you do the homework tests are a breeze. Lectures are a little boring but very helpful. He is very helpful and has a deep understanding of thermo. Overall easy class if you put the time in.
1.0 : Dr. Cohen is very knowledge but he more or less cannot teach. He is usually a couple minutes late to class everyday, then will proceed to teach after class has ended, while still relaying important information. Mumbles a lot, hard to hear him. And is not clear on exam information/dates. Gave us a group project on the very last day of the course.
1.0 : Expect 4 exams and if you fail, do not worry. Do the extra credit project, wileyplus, and go to the class and you will pass. Seriously, my 57.7% became a B-.
3.0 : This class was scary at first because of what people on campus said about him. If you have the back tests it makes life easier. He does change the questions but over all very similar. Curves heavily due to the class average on tests being around 60%. The homework does not compare to the tests. I found the final to be challenging,
3.5 : I have NO PROBLEM understanding him for those of you that said you can't. Super nice professor although he gives impossible quizzes only to prep you for the slightly easier final. Very nice and really cares about how students are doing. Enthusiastic about teaching but may go a bit overboard at all. Prepare to do all the problems in ace the course.
1.0 : Ms. Yun is not a good teacher.  The whole piano department at Temple is whack because you don't get any individual help on anything, all you learn are scales and arpeggios, you learn nothing about performing musically, so when you don't perform musically, they fail you, especially Ms. Yun.  Also makes students feel extremely dumb and worthless.
1.0 : Worst professor I have ever had. It was my first year learning the piano and I was stressed to a point where I wanted to drop the class. You have to spend hours and hours just to get a B- on a test. She tells you you're a failure and that you wont pass the class.
1.0 : She is worst teacher I ever had in Temple. She did not teach us how to play the piano.  All she did was assign us really hard piano stuff, and then play individually to her. IF you have no any experiences with music instruments, do not take her class. She will make you feel stupid.
1.0 : This is only one credit class, but she made us soo stressful. Mean, rude and did not really teach us how to play the piano.
1.0 : I can honestly say that she is one of the worst teachers I've ever had. She spends more time giving quizzes than actually teaching, and when she does teach, she expects you to have the material perfect immediately. She has also insulted and grabbed students. If you have no prior piano experience, do not take class with her.
1.0 : All learning is done outside of class, and class is typically used for tests rather than lessons. Her constructive criticism is outlandish and cruel. Sometimes, she will grab students while she yells at them; even after they ask her to stop touching them. (this is coming from a student who has played piano for 5 years and took her for piano 1)
1.0 : Class is typically used for tests rather than lessons so there no  help.  She will grab students while she yells at them (hands, arms, shoulders) even after they ask her to stop touching them. Her comments are cruel and degrading. She doesn't believe you when you say you practice (or even if you say you are nervous) and then tells you to not lie.
5.0 : Most adorable teacher in the world
1.0 : Tan is literally the worst professor i have ever experienced.  If i could give her a zero i would. She has zero clue how to teach, she will tell you to do the "right physics" instead of helping. She spends the entire class writing useless proofs on the board instead of teaching useful information. Shes the absolute worst, i beg you not to take her.
1.0 : This was my second time taking physics. The first time I had a decent teacher that was foreign as well but spoke pretty good english. Taking Tan's class I am literally slack jawed at how she still has a job here when every student in the class is failing including myself. After taking her class I feel that I understand physics much less now.
1.0 : She's a nice lady, but a terrible teacher.  She is confusing to follow during lecture and asking questions does not help.  The whole physics department at Temple is terrible.  The only nice thing is that the final sometimes gets curved and the course as a whole is curved.
1.0 : Worst professor ever!!! do not take her class, you will not pass if you rely on her
1.0 : Professor Yuen was one of the most difficult teachers i've had at Temple. She's extremely difficult to understand and her lectures are no help whatsoever. There is a huge curve at the end of the semester though. I got a B- with a 60% average
1.0 : Don't take her. She rambles trying to explain simple things, while she completely glosses over the difficult material. Her written HW is insanely hard. Doesn't prepare you for exams. Makes you buy the book only for the access code to MasteringPhysics which she has weekly homework assignments in.
1.5 : NO. Read no further and ask no more questions. Simple a NO!!
2.0 : Do not take Tan Yuen.  She doesn't explain physics well and lots of class time (sometimes up to half of the entire hour and ten minute lecture period) is wasted on clicker questions.
4.0 : Physics is not an easy subject. She can at times speak softly, but nonetheless is easy to understand. Tan is an absolutely wonderful person and is extremely fair with her grading. Easy to access outside of class for extra help, lectures can sometimes drag, but can also be very interesting. If you're looking to just get by in Physics, I suggest her.
1.0 : It is kind of hard to understand her sometimes. She has difficulty explaining things when students have questions. The written homework is way harder than the actual quizzes and tests. She can come off as rude sometimes as well.
1.0 : Tan-Tan was a poor instructor. She understands physics very well but has no clue how to overcome her accent and language barrier to convey information to students. She has these go to sayings for when people don't understand such as, "do the right physics, get right answer." I went to coordinators weekly tutorial sessions to pass class.
1.0 : The exams are tough and the teaches knows nothing about teaching! Do no take her, you will regret it.
4.0 : great prof
1.0 : AWFUL please stay away. This is the worst professor I've had at Temple yet. Random pop quizzes on information just learned. Literally reads off a pre made powerpoint given by pearson. I have learned nothing.
1.0 : this class is solely based off of pearson (online system), which i thought was helpful because he doesn't teach a single thing. he doesn't look up from the podium or screen, and is all over the place and always shows up 5 minutes late. class wasn't hard, just not a good professor.
2.5 : He's a really nice guy, does try to accommodate your questions, but most of his teaching is off of a PowerPoint, unfortunately. Most of the learning I did in this class was actually in the review videos done by professor Kapanjie online.
1.0 : AWFUL TEACHER. THE WORST TEACHER I'VE EVER HAD IN ALL MY YEARS OF SCHOOLING. 2 tests in class and a final, online HW and quizzes weekly, thats the entire class. Sobel is old and does not care to help and does not explain material well enough for one to learn. stay away.
1.0 : he was always 5 to 10 minutes late for class.  Sped through lectures without giving time to take notes and often made mistakes due to how fast he was going. Everything I learned in this class was from using the online pearson assignments to teach myself. He also frequently gave pop quizes on what was just spd through in the lecture.
1.5 : Beware of this professor. He is very confusing and jumps from one type of math to another within a week. His slides lack examples and he tries to teach a new topic in the last 20 minutes of class. If you personally ask him a question, he comes off as annoyed and condescending. If you're looking for an easy class, don't take him.
1.0 : Wouldn't recommend to my worst enemy. The man is smart but a horrible teacher and seemed to have a breakdown every class. The class is hard already and you add on this mess of a man and you are basically screwed. You'll pass at the end of the semester but good God in the middle you will have the most stress inducing semester until then.
1.0 : Literally the worst class I've ever taken. Professor seemed like he hadn't prepared for the lectures at all, he just read problems from the textbook and solved them  (usually correctly, not always) on the board. He didn't take attendance and lectures were recorded so it is very tempting to skip class.
1.0 : His lectures are confusing. He knows what he's teaching, but he can't really teach what he knows. I had to teach myself from the textbook all semester. Compared to the other sections we were behind by 2 chapters at the end of the semester, and he had to write his own final instead of giving the common final. I'm not prepared for Math Concepts 2. :(
3.0 : You easily get unmotivated to learn. His thought process would be all over the place so I couldn't even take notes; I would just write down whatever topic he was teaching and then watch a video about it later. Concepts themselves aren't bad though, and for some of them he makes it really dirt easy for us. Be wary if you have no other choice but him
3.0 : I don't really think he deserves all these horrible reviews. Just catch his wave... he's easily one of the smartest profs in the entire campus (just google his resume). Write down everything he writes down, pay attention, do the homework, and you'll pass. He lets you bring a cheat-sheet to the exams...
2.5 : Reads from the book. That's literally all he did. Book says: "X  Y." He'll say: "It says here that X  Y, so um.. what does that mean? It means that Y  X, so X  Y."   Repeat for every line 'til he lets us go at exactly the minute the class is supposed to be over. Gives a 5min break everyday, but then starts the lecture at 2-3min.
1.0 : NOPE
2.0 : I tried so hard to like him, but both his attitude and teaching are mediocre. He teaches by doing the problem on the bored but doesn't follow up with what he did to solve it. If you try to answer a question and give a wrong answer, he makes you look like an idiot in front of the class. He's not very approachable and he teaches out of the textbook.
1.0 : probably the worst teacher ive ever had.  he does not explain things clearly AT ALL, jumps around, seems too nervous to even be up there.  i would highly recommend noone take him, ever.  also the material taught has nothing to do with what the course description says.
2.0 : Syllabus doesn't define grading structure at all. HW is assigned 3x a week, always due in  48 hours. Students clearly can't follow his lectures very often. HW is really hard, tests less so. Almost everyone fails his class. He then curves, so the average grade is a B, so almost everyone ends up doing okay but you fail all semester. He's rude.
1.0 : THE WORST PROFESSOR I'VE EVER HAD....!  the averages for both midterms were so low, if you really wanna learn anything in this course  don't take him.!!!  and he gives a lot of homework average of 15 question a week....
1.0 : Professor Beigel is the worst teacher I have ever had. His lectures are complete wastes of time as he will often spend a whole class doing one problem going extremely in detail, when the problem is irrelevant. I am one of the about 10 people who actually go to class and have yet to get over a 40 on a test. The class averages are terrible for tests.
1.0 : He knows a lot and so, he thinks you also know all. Then, why you will take this course? He takes quiz on every week and the questions are very tough. You need to think a lot, read a lot, but not his lecture. The course was my requirement. Otherwise, I would not continue this course.
1.0 : Quite possibly the worst professor I've ever had. The class did not follow the course description AT ALL. Not only that, but the entire objective of the class was completely unclear. He makes no sense at all. And the grading policy is also unclear. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS.
1.0 : Worst professor ever. He spent more than an hour just trying to figure out one simple problem. When you asked questions, he just answer yes or no without giving you any explanation. Please do not take him unless you do not have other option.
2.0 : Class always seems to drag on, but I never feel like I'm actually learning the concepts.  Homework problems often seem1-2 steps up in difficulty compared to examples from class.  Some midterm topics were not well covered, and no review sheet or practice exams were provided.  Avoid if possible, but most CIS1166 professors seem to be poorly rated.
1.0 : Without a doubt the worst professor I have ever had. He is a very smart man, but he has no teaching skills. Gets annoyed very easily when you don't understand the content he is teaching and will call you out in front of everyone if you don't understand. He is not considerate of his students and is almost impossible to contact if ever needed.
2.5 : I personally like him a lot, some people find him rude but it's not intentional. He teaches the class like everyone is an A+ math major, which is more interesting then it sounds. Everyone will fail and he'll just curve it at the end of the year, some people hate it, but you actually learn a lot.
1.0 : Very scatter-brained and timid.  He also comes across as rude, even going so far as telling a student that he "didn't think English would be this big of a problem".  I went to this office hours and left after half an hour of him breathing down my neck, offering no guidance whatsoever, and barking "WRONG" and "NO!" in a condescending way. Dont do it
1.5 : He uses a different textbook than the one assigned by the department - that's fine, but what's not is that he literally goes through the textbook in class. You could just do that by yourself; you don't need to come to class for that. However, he is helpful when you don't understand something.
1.0 : Awful and comes off very rude and offended when you don't get the material. Acts as if everyone is a pro at doing what he does. He's the professor supposed to be teaching his students what they need to learn - not say WRONG NOPE without explanation. Calls out on students and picks on them non-stop causing students to become more nervous. Avoid.
1.0 : Prof constantly calls tech support for help but gives them the worst respect. That disrespect is reflected upon his students as well. Very unorganized and scattered when it comes to lectures. It's better for you to watch his class recordings at 15x the speed because he's so slow. Doesn't respond to emails and very unapproachable face-to-face.
1.0 : Unapproachable, awkward, and stress-inducing.  He did not cover three quarters of what is on the final, and crammed five chapters into sixish class periods.  Does not return homework, and you never know where you stand in this class.  Is rude during office hours, and is disrespectful to everyone he comes in contact with. Avoid at all costs.
5.0 : i like him
1.0 : The worst professor I have ever taken. He is extremely rude and condescending towards his students and tech support. He gets irritated and will make fun of you if you do not get the material. His lectures are based on reading from the textbook and will give out tons of homework which is worth 10 points. You're not going to have a fun time.
1.0 : He is a horrible teacher and horrible person.  He would always brag about being so good at science that he should win the Nobel Prize.  Anyways, he never answers any questions that you have.  And when you do ask him questions, he gives you attitude like you should already know, even this class was a gen ed course for mostly freshmen.
1.0 : Worst teacher I have ever had at this university. I'm a sophomore now and I had him my first semester here. Very unclear with what he was teaching. Corrected by his TA multiple times. Taught a level of science that was for Chem level 3 students. If you're taking him for a Gen Ed, get out now. He may be useful for some science majors.
2.5 : Borguet is not for everyone. He can be very off topic and confusing sometimes, especially in a Gen Ed course. If you don't lie sarcasm, you won't like him. Can be a bit derisive at times. Strict on phones in class, even big lectures - he will call you out. However, Dr. Rarig is taking over this course next semester, and I would HIGHLY recommend him
1.0 : She makes you teach the class on a chapter in the textbook (the only time you use the text btw) with a partner for 45 minutes. She doesn't teach and expects her students to teach every Thursday claiming it will benefit us when we are teachers but we're all Early Education majors so...? Yeah, I dread taking this class. Skip 2x and no higher than C+
1.0 : She is very boring when it comes to her presentations. Very unclear with her instructions and her grading. If you are not good with projects (which the majority of the work is) then DON'T take her. Have to go to 2 educational meetings and her final is a joke. Also attendance is mandatory and it is taken in the beginning of class.  Awful teacher!
1.0 : Dr. Pratt is by far one of the most intelligent professors at Temple University. But, he unfortunately fails to instill this intelligence to benefit his students. Questions cause a demoralizing atmosphere. He lacks clarity, structure and struggles with actually teaching information. Students eventually lose respect and become very frustrated.
4.5 : He's quit the chatacter. Everything you need to know is in the syllabus. Seriously.  it's long but just read it. It's a waste of class time asking questions answered in the syllabus. he goes over the syllabus. He's very clear. he annunciates every sound and is very careful to rrrrrrroll his "r's" he has higher expectations, not unreasonable
2.0 : Do not take this guy's class. He is very unhelpful and when I went to his office hours he thought he was the smartest guy ever. He does not organize and then yells at you for not organizing your notes. Exams are all over the place. He's enthusiastic but doesn't teach.
1.5 : Pratt is very smart &amp; has a great personality but I would avoid this class if possible. I had him for Global Communication &amp; Leadership, which sounds interesting but don't be fooled. The class content is all over the place, the exam questions are very unclear and irrelevant and the semester group project was a complete disaster. Great guy bad class
1.0 : Disorganized and not helpful at all. Lectures and then barely explains the material. There is only 3 grades things in the class including the group project, midterm, and final. and THAT'S IT. If you do bad on one you're screwed. Had trouble with my group for the group project because someone wasnt doing any work and he didn't HELP at all.U R WARNED
1.5 : Avoid if at all possible. Not a bad person but far from a good educator. Questions on exams are ambiguous and nothing short of sloppy. Conceptualizing the courses information may hurt you if anything due to his subjective questions whose answers are simply his opinions. I've never felt like I've actually been robbed of an education till I had him.
1.0 : Most of the points for this class are from pop quizzes. His accent and energy are too out of control and I couldn't understand anything. His power-points were too small in text to take notes. I went to office hours to go over a test and he refused because I didn't have my textbook but had my notes and 2 study guides. He laughed and called me crazy.
1.0 : Disorganized, condescending, and does not discuss material. He focuses on grammar and not content. Mind boggling that the institution is fully aware of his antics and yet allow him to waste students time and money. Google has taught me more than he has. Staff and faculty that turn a blind eye to his behavior are not respectable.
1.5 : Dr. Pratt is extremely intelligent and knowledgable about PR, however, he should not be teaching it in a classroom. He does not listen to the concerns of his students and often loses control of the classroom. Many times the first 40 minutes of class was spent arguing about classroom grade. Attendance is mandatory regarding pop quizzes. AVOID AVOID!
1.0 : He does not know how to teach a lecture class. He makes you feel stupid if you ask him questions about the content. He is obsessed with pop quizzes and doesn't let you know whats on them. Do not take his class.
1.0 : I sat in class on Facebook the entire time. You ask him questions and he dodges the questions as much as possible. Less than half the class showed up every time. He also gives pop quizzes that make no sense and he is terrible at english.
4.0 : Most amazing professor and department chair! Absolutely on of the most intelligent and devoted professors TU has.
1.5 : Worst professor I've ever had. He does not speak clearly. he is crazy. don't take him. I've had him 3 times and hated each class. He's a grammar nazi however look over his exams and you'll see he does not obey the grammar rules.
3.5 : Professor Pratt is very knowledgeable and clearly has a specific way of dealing with Strategic Communications. It can be intimidating to participate in his classes sometimes, but he means well and really takes your commentary into account.   In short:  If you attend his lectures, study hard and participate in class, you will pass.
1.0 : Very disrespectful. Treats students as if they are stupid for asking questions. Lectures full of irrelevant info that has nothing to do with the exams.  Argued w him about an incorrect test question &amp; had classmates back me, yet he said I didn't understand &amp; couldn't explain it me. He was 30 min. late on exam day &amp; walked in like nothing was wrong
1.0 : Pratt is condescending and disorganized.  Luckily, this course is not a requirement for either strat comm or comm studies, so take a different class. You've been warned.
1.0 : Our class average on the midterm was an F.  Told us that he won't curve our grades, and "if we fail, we fail together".
1.0 : The homework takes all time which I should have spent on other courses and doing them won't help understand anything since homework has no relation to do with the techniques in the lecture notes, looks more like further theorems which should be taught rather than given as homework. I get lost in the first five minute in class. It is like a torture.
2.0 : he doesn't help at all with anything and he is the absolute worst lecturer. All he ever does is tell incredibly boring stories and wastes your money.
1.5 : Be prepared for HELL. More than half of the class fails. The HARDEST class ever at Temple. Lecture &amp; Lab exams are very difficult. This class is weed out to prevent students from going to medical or pharmacy school. Class doesn't help cause he mumbles and there is no curve. All exam averages were below 50s. Your GPA will drop
4.0 : Bio 1111 is an extremely challenging class, but was one of my overall favorites. Dr. Balsai is difficult to hear during lecture, he mumbles a lot. Despite this, he is amazingly helpful if you go to his office hours, and really nice  (Bonus his office is full of dinosaurs!) He also had some of the best lecture notes ever. Go to the SOAR sessions!!
1.0 : His lectures are mundane and he mumbles alot. This class basically sets you up to fail. The exams are very difficult and the lectures are not helpful.
3.0 : Just want to clear up, attendance MIGHT not be mandatory. I took this class about a year and a half ago and the TA himself told me the ONLY reason they took attendance was so that if a student came to the teachers complaining about bad grades, they would be able to pull up their attendance history to see if the student was trying at all.
2.5 : Mostly  hype. At the 1st class everyone who helps with the lecture tells you that ur life is over &amp; that you will fail &amp; they keep up this attitude throughout the semester. Pretty neg. environment. Honestly, all you have to do it read the text book &amp; not expect to just regurgitate facts. It always sucks to have these mult. choice tests define you.
1.0 : I'm a bio major and this was the hardest class  I've ever taken. I don't understand why Temple still has him. His tests have the most irrelevant topics on them. I read his power points and knew everything but when it came to the test I had no idea what he wanted me to apply to.
2.5 : Guys, relax. This class is pretty difficult, but it comes with the essentials to what you will be doing in your career later in your life. My lowest exam score was a 76 (which was dropped) and I got an A ! Just read as much of the text book everyday so you're caught up and attend SOAR sessions to test what you've read. It's totally doable.
1.0 : To pass, go to class and make sure you click in then leave. The lectures do not help at all and you will end up studying on your own time. Just read the textbook and you'll be fine. Don't bother trying to understand him, his voice is very low (and he mumbles). He doesn't give too much homework but make sure to stay alert for anything.
3.0 : He comes in, reads off powerpoints, and gives no direction. Each exam covers 6 chapters but is only 27 questions. This is very time consuming but it is possible to do well, you just have to give up all other aspects of your life and do a low of work. My best exam (96) I spent 45hrs studying for, so know what you're getting into.
1.0 : Being a chemistry major student that already took gen chem, orgo, calc 1-3, biochem etc. This was by far the worst class i have taken in my life. The only way to get a decent grade on exam is by memorizing the Test bank that is online.
1.0 : Balsai is one of the worst professors I've had at Temple! He reads everything off of Powerpoints that are basically simplified versions of the textbook and mumbles all his words so even when you try to pay attention it's almost impossible. This course is a monopoly and the school could care less if students pass or fail.
1.0 : Trash class with trash exams. Dont listen to what they say on the first day because blood, swear, and tears will still not be enough for a good grade in this class The only way to do wo well is to do perfect in lab
1.5 : One of the worst teachers I have ever heard ofseen. He mumbles into a microphone all lecture and gives awful exams. I got A's all semester but only because I crammed info from the textbook the night before. I didn't see a curve or anything. He makes the final and naturally I failed that. Beware the Balsai.
1.0 : This is a very challenging course. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WHILE TAKING CALCULUS 2 and CHEM 2. I made the mistake to take all three of these courses together. It was a miserable semester. I recommend for you to study concepts and READ every night. Do not wait until last minute to go over chapters. If you work hard you can pass.
2.0 : The guy loves biology and makes a good powerpoint but this class is ridiculous. You are expected to know so much material. I recommend just reading his powerpoints,no textbook for exams. Lectures are awfully boring. The guy mumbles and you can barely understand. They check attendance through clicking in with clickers. He just reads straight off pp.
4.5 : He's hard to hear, that's my only complaint. I had a 96 lecture average, it's the lab that killed my grade. More than anyone, I should be infuriated. But after the shock, I realized the lesson they're trying to teach; you can never know "enough" about a science that deals with life, and death. If you don't feel that way, you shouldn't be a doctor.
2.0 : "It's not a weed out class, you weed yourself out." (Balsai's syllabus) This is a TOUGH, HARDEST, ROUGHEST class I've ever taken in my life. He expects you to read and UNDERSTAND CONCEPTS in order to apply to questions on exam. It doesn't ask for definitions or whatsoever. If you're able to fine a practice exam, you're in the range from 52-76.
1.0 : my problem wasn't The prof. tbh, the material it self is TOO HEAVY!!! don't you ever think about cramming it for last minute, you'll definitely fail. Bio1111 requires you to put your absolute focus to get a good grade. Don't neglect the lab, that was my mistake. Balsai isn't the best prof., but he's great during office hours. make sure he knows u
2.0 : Definitely not an enjoyable class. Listening to Balsai doesn't help at all, this is one of those classes where you just have to learn the stuff yourself. His class really makes you apply concepts &amp; think. While it's def. one of the hardest courses I've taken, it's doable if you work hard. Don't give up, push yourself &amp; you can accomplish anything.
1.0 : Dr. Balsai is a terrible professor. On the first day, he said he didn't like standing in the front, and for the whole semester he stood in the corner. I failed every test because the questions were not based on the book, but on trivia he happened to mention during lecture. The class beat me up so bad I have to retake it and another core class too.
3.0 : Yes this class is difficult! but it is doable. Dedicate time to read the chapter out of the textbook or get the study guide manual and read it BEFORE lecture. You'll get more out of the class that way and it'll prevent you from falling asleep. Keep up with the readings/drawings for lab week by week or else it gets pretty hectic by finals time.
1.0 : Don't take him. He mumbles in lecture, hardly audible to the back seaters. He just reads ppt slide. I basically taught myself in class by reading textbook heavily.
2.0 : Had to retake Bio 1111 after failing the first time. Realized the second time around is that even though the  test questions are tough, if you pay close attention to the info on his powerpoint slides (i.e. memorize) and understand what he is asking in his questions, the test are actually very straightforward. Skip reading the book, waste of time.
2.0 : The class is difficult but really not that bad. Don't even bother reading the book, its useless. Study the powerpoint and look for practice questions online, there are a ton and they can be very helpful. Don't cram for exams they cover too much material.
5.0 : Best teacher at temple
2.0 : Good luck hearing what he says if you sit more than 20 ft away from him. He's a mediocre professor on his good days, and near god awful on his bad ones. I admit that he makes a decent power point, but that's his only redeeming quality. Do the homework, read the power points and look up some practice questions and you should do well enough to pass.
1.0 : This is a weed out class. Anybody who is pre health will probs take 1111, just prepare.... the class just takes alot of effort. ALOT.
1.0 : His lectures are as bad as his tests are brutal. I'm amazed that such a garbage professor is allowed to monopolize an introductory course and make it this soul-crushing hard. Makes 2112 look like middle school. You can skip lecture. Literally just powerpoint readings read by someone who sounds like they're eating their own sweater.
1.0 : BIO1111, by far is the worst class in CST and at Temple! Prof. Balsai is horrible can't hear anything he says and exams are soo hard class average is 50-60's plus attendance is mandatory. The lab isn't too bad, starting studying 2 weeks prior to exam otherwise it is impossible to pass. There is NO curve and mostly like don't take any other science.
3.5 : There is a LOT of material to cover in this course. He is very smart and his lectures are clear but there is no substitute for studying in this class. If you read every chapter and study hard you can do well.
5.0 : If you aren't willing to studyget poor grades and do nothing about it then stop complaining.
2.0 : Bio is easy. Balsai is great.  Clickers are nonsence. Don't go to class and you will pass.
1.0 : Are you a tired, hungry, busy bio major? Say no more! This required class is perfect to do all of those things! Sleep, eat, catch up on work you name it! B/c you wont learn a single thing with balsai. I got lots of errands done in there. Tip: the less you study, the better you do b/c the tests aren't on what you read, literally. Good luck!
3.0 : Don't read the textbook. Strictly study his powerpoints (i.e. questions include a specific fact found on caption of picture of powerpoint). Focus on concepts rather than exact facts. Do well in lab (all memorization) and go to office hours often (will curve if your name is familiar). Expect your test average to be in the 70's-80's to pass.
3.5 : He went to and taught at Penn. Know what you're getting yourself into
1.0 : He was the worst math teacher. He does his own problems on the board and doesn't let us practice in class. He doesn't give makeup quizzes or tests. Attendance isn't mandatory but if you miss a class, you're missing so much material. He doesn't care about the student's grade. The quizzes and tests were hard if you don't study. Don't take him.
1.0 : There is no hands on in this class. He just does problems on the board and expects you to understand whatever he is teaching. He takes off points for doing extra work, you have to pass the final to pass the class. His office hours are at terrible times. He has biased towards the way you answer questions, if he doesn't like your way it is wrong.
1.0 : John Matulis is hands down the worst professor I have had yet. I do NOT recommend him to any students. You will most likely have to teach yourself. When he does teach, the way he goes about it is very confusing, as he adds pointless information. 0/10 recommend, You would think if teaching was your job you'd be good at it....
4.0 : I took him for elementary algebra (the easiest class I've ever taken in my life, got put in there because I must've REALLY screwed up the placement test) and he explained everything well.
1.0 : not very good at explaining concepts and gives ridiculous weekly quizzes.
4.0 : Classes are fairly simple when it comes to structure. He just runs through lessons and does examples and that is it. I personally did not by a book even though he says if you don't buy a book you will fail. Temple organizes study periods before each exam and they can easily teach you anything the day before the exam. He is a real cool dude as well.
2.5 : Has a Russian accent, you must read txtbk BEFORE class otherwise you wont understand. She doesnt really teach it she just goes over textbk problems. Lots of webassign hw that are due randomly. Gives extensions easily, just ask.  Weekly quizzes are very hard BUT exams are easy. Easy class for pple retaking, hard for new pple. Very nice lady.
2.5 : She is difficult to understand because of her accent. Her exams and quizzes are pretty hard. She uses the textbook for practice problems during class, but you don't need it. As long as you study and practice a lot, you won't fail, but she is definitely a harder teacher. Also, Webassigns are GREAT practice, but only count for 4% or overall grade.
1.0 : To be honest, I didn't even get through 3 classes with her so i can't say much. I'm not saying she is a horrible teacher, but her thick Russian accent was way too hard for me to understand. I think every 15 minutes i would hear something that made sense. I took calc in high school and did extremely well but the way she teaches is just strange.
3.0 : He's really not that bad, yea you have to write an article every week but they're easy, he just does it to make sure we're actually using the sites we have to use. Night class is painful though but that's not his fault, you will basically fail a paper though for messing up on any source.
1.0 : I have never rated a professor before but I would like to extend mercy to your soul by imploring you to steer clear of this guy. For sure the worst professor I've had in my four years at either Pitt or Temple. Assignments were NOT relevant. Painfully awkward and unfunny. This class  50 yr old guy trying to teach 19-22 yr olds about the internet.
1.0 : Possibly the worst professor you would ever take. You cannot understand half of what he is saying in class, he hardly responds to emails, and he is basically unable to explain anything clearly.
1.0 : Not a great professor to be honest! Hardly responded to emails. Was hard to understand and wasnt very helpful
1.0 : Awful teacher, reads powerpoints instead of teaching. Tough grader as well.
1.0 : Dr. Delalic might be the first professor I met who doesn't know what s/he is teaching. She will be a walking, talking textbook, regurgitating everything that the book already says. If you bring up a question that is not from the textbook or from one of the problems she has already solved and prepared, she will ignore it.
1.0 : Hard to understand in general. Doesn't really teach just reads power points.  Doesn't explain content well.
1.0 : This woman is the bane of my existence. Random quizzes that nobody knows about, which are worth most of your grade. Doesn't use email, blackboard, and never tells you what your grade is. Random assignments that are not on the syllabus. Reads from powerpoints and bores you to sleep. You must teach yourself and spend a lot of time doing it. Stay away
1.0 : Really unwilling to work with struggling students. Tends to have a bit of an attitude.
1.5 : She has no idea about what she is doing. She made fun of international students' English all the time and said something bad to them. Get a new prof.
1.0 : Worst professor ! She has zero experience with teaching. She is very ignorant. She is very tough on grading HW assignment n weekly quizzes. She didn't cover lots of a sections. They appeared on the final exam. She won't give up curve for final exam. Think 100 times before you sign up for her class.
2.0 : He is a tough grader and expects you to know the information right away. He was fine at first but when the grades started coming in, he was very rude and criticizes you for not knowing the information. I would avoid but I think he is the only professor that teaches pchem lab 1
1.0 : if you are required to take his class, i highly recommend changing your major.  He is the biggest ass to grace Temple University.
1.0 : Very tough grader, does not explain well. Takes the first 1 hour of class explaining the lab procedure. Gives unnecessary information and is very strict. Very unreasonable person.
1.0 : Nothing much to say about this guy except that he's the worst professor I have ever had. He expects you to do all of the homework and as a result just copy down what you remember in an exam as fast as you can because you will defiantly run out of time.
1.0 : Very strict and unreasonable young man. Knows material but does not know how to explain.
2.0 : If you want an A, do all the homework problems and read the book. His exams are based on the end of the book exercises AND problems AND concepts. What really helped me with the course was buying sappling because it tells you how to do the homework problems step by step. If you need help, go to his TA.. hes really good at explaining things
1.0 : Does not teach or grade according to syllabus schedule. midterms are cumulative, prefers to put out what people failed at previously.  Does not return any exams or quizzes.  Exams are about how fast you can finish questions from book not understanding.  Course itself is easy made hard by a prof who openly says he is out to "rate your knowledge".
3.0 : The thing with him is you will only get what you put into the class. He gave opportunities for people to correct the first couple of labs even though he didn't have to. People  say that he is difficult and unreasonable because he doesn't want to curve, he wants people to understand the material, get the grade they deserve ,and has high expectations
4.0 : Vassil is very passionate about what he does. You can learn a lot from him during his lectures in the beginning of lab. He does talk a lot however, and he tends to give excessive unnecessary details.  He may come off as arrogant but he does not realize it. If you put work into your labs and come prepared you will easily pass.
1.0 : I have been in his class for one week, and when I asked him to to go over something I was confused about, he was extremely rude and condescending. He was very dismissive, almost as if my presence was a nuisance, and never even looked at me directly when speaking. Again, this is my first week in lab with him.
1.0 : Gets upset over students not doing things EXACTLY how he wants, despite not explaining ANYTHING clearly. Doesn't answer questions, instead tries to ridiculeput  you down. Acts like he's good- he's NOT. Rude, condescending, weird, just uncomfortable to be around or deal with. Zero empathy for his students. If possible, don't take this guy.
1.0 : I cannot in good conscience encourage anyone to take this man for any class. He rambles constantly and does not explain his grading at all. If you ask for help, his only answer will be "It's in the syllabus." Even if you rewrite your lab report according to his markings, he will give it the same grade. Incredibly frustrating lab TA to have.
3.0 : If you have Vaasil for the first time, he is extremely difficult. I had him for Tech 1 and he is tough but trust me, he cares about his students. He is foreign, he likes to talk, maybe that's why him and I get along. if you SHOW that you care, he WILL help. I got a decent grade in pchem 1 lab. Suck it up and do your work. The end.
1.0 : Makes the class too complicated. Makes everything too hard for beginners
1.0 : The worst professor I've ever had. Very confusing and concepts unclear.
2.0 : Its hard to understand her at first but if you pay attention you will get the grade you deserve. Great teacher though if you just pay attention to whats going on, on the board. She explains a lot, and don't be afraid to ask questions.
3.0 : She is a very nice lady. Has a thick accent and is hard to understand at times but you get used to it. She spends the entire class doing problems from the book so if you do not understand it is pretty easy to teach yourself. Homework is not checked but if you do it you will do well on the tests and quizes.
1.5 : If you can teach yourself math, then I recommend this teacher. If not, stay far away!! Professor Sinha goes way too fast and does all the work on the board herself without really clarifying what she is doing. It is almost impossible to pass
1.0 : She's by far the worst math teacher you could possibly have, understanding her is by far the most difficult part. I took this math course back in high school and have been using those notes ever since the first day of class. She barely explains anything. Drop her class before you get a bad grade.
2.0 : Professor Sinha is impossible to understand. Her accent is extremely thick and says some words funny. She is very nice and understanding, but her accent is hard to overcome.
1.0 : It is really hard to understand this professor. She has an accent and talks really quietly. I sat in the back the first few classes and had to move to the front in order to understand the material. We have a test every week and she often takes off full points for little mistakes on tests. Homework is given but never checked.
2.0 : Very smart person but it was hard to get past her accent. If you struggle in math, don't take this professor.
4.0 : Prof Sinha is a great teacher. It was hard to understand her at first, but if you pay attention to what she's doing you will get what she's saying. She makes sure you understand before moving forward. I would love to have her again for future math courses. I would highly recommend her. Her accent is very heavy. Be patient with her as she is with us
1.0 : He cannot teach. This is a safe study class. He gets confused a lot from time to time because he is old...(sorry). However, he curve a lot on every tests.
1.0 : this man is terrible. everyone is failing. he expects you to teach yourself the material and I've never seen the material ever in any other class. good luck
1.0 : AVOID HIM AT ALL COSTS.  I still got a B but his class is at 8AM and his voice is monotone so you will be falling asleep.  Attendance is mandatory and his exams are very difficult.  He expects you to know way too much cause he teaches at an ivy league.  AVOID.
3.0 : His class is not easy.Students would have to do a lot of work on their own.Other than that, it is doable, more than 2 missed classes and your grade goes down.I got an A, that's that matters.
1.0 : HE'S THE WORST. DO NOT TAKE HIM. This class is hard enough, but he doesn't explain ANYTHING. He expects you all to show up and understand how he reaches solutions. Would not even consider him a teacher. The take home tests are impossible when you aren't taught anything. DO NO TAKE HIM.
2.0 : I had her for elementary algebra and it was a joke. I never took a placement test, so i was put in this course. She acts like we're in eighth grade pre-algebra. Spent multiple classes teaching us integers, which we all knew since like 6th grade. Goes step by step on how to do a multiplication problem, which we knew since like 3rd grade.
2.0 : This professor is extraordinarily boring. She is not a bad teacher. Her work is just very very easy to understand. Do not waste your money on the textbook. It was not needed at all. Her work is basically based off of 8th grade Algebra.
1.0 : I might as well never attended class because I ended up teaching myself the topics anyways. She's rude to her students &amp; doesn't care if they pass or fail as long as she gets through the material. Gives weekly 5 question, 20 points per question quiz w little partial credit. Complains about wasting time when she's the one wasting it. Don't take!!
1.0 : By far the worst professor I've taken in my whole academic career.  Not helpful, even rude at some points and treats the class like children.  Yes she may have a doctorate in math but that doesnt mean she can teach it well at all.  Avoid at all costs
1.0 : Teacher is slow pace socially awkward and blow average in helping students, don't bother to talk during class it is not permitted prepare to watch her do math problems on the board for an hour and a half. Don't sit in the back because she writes tiny on the board and you won't see it and wont ask for student participation throughout the semester
2.0 : Horrible professor. Social awkward and does not know how to communicate with students. She just does the problems on the board and never interacts with her students. It's as if she's doing the problems for herself, you hear her mumble to herself under her breath. There was times where there were things on the test that she never covered.
1.5 : Her mannerisms are distracting when she's teaching. Sometimes she mumbles to herself about something she's bothered by then proceeds to waste class time to express it. She goes through the material too fast and if you ask a question, it's difficult to understand her explanation. She also does not adequately prepare you for the tests. DO NOT TAKE.
3.0 : This class was beyond easy. She's RARELY "snappy" might tell the class to quite down but that it. Her quizzes are SUPER easy if you pay attention. And she doesn't write the tests, she has a number of guidelines she has to follow so the tests don't always have examples the EXACT way she did them, but they're also easy if you know what you're doing.
1.0 : Oh my God. AVOID this class at all costs. She is actually the most degrading woman. I study so hard for this class I'm still failing. She snaps at you and has an attitude. Not helpful at all. And I'm a really nice person, she is just awful.
1.0 : The worst. Drop immediately if you see her on your roster. She clearly has some sort of social anxiety that prevents her from being a normal human being.  awful teacher, doesn't care whether your failing or passing, she just wants to get through the material, even if 90% of the class has no idea what she's doing. Avoid at all costs.
1.0 : Literally the worst teacher Ive ever had. Even going back to high school shes the worst Ive ever had. She doesnt explain anything and just says, oh you should know that already. The fact shes a college professor is astonishing to me. Shes the absolute worst Ive ever had. She gets mad if you dont get it and repeats her self and just babbles.
1.0 : She treated us like we were babies and went through every detailed step of how to do something. Very tough professor to get through the semester with.
3.0 : Sherry teti is a really nice lady! I feel like she is a really good teacher. However, she always has an attitude if you ask her to repeat things! Mind you, she could be friendly at times and very nice. However, I feel like she could be a bit harsh to students. Just read the textbook and study and you should do well. Thats what I did!
1.0 : Same as all the other reviews. Lazy teacher. Did not teach!!! Made us buy a book and we never used it. Please Temple stop letting this man teach!
1.5 : Basically, she teaches every class by reading the PowerPoint out loud to class likes she reading a book. Then she reads through the completed homework. Boring, no interaction, and never checks to see if everyone is understands concepts. She said the textbook was required, and it wasn't.
1.0 : She is an absolutely horrible professor. Class was backpacking and camping, something that should be fun and interesting if taught the right way. Teacher is incredibly condescending in how she explains topics to students, creates more demanding workload for a 2 credit class than a 4 credit class. Not a throw away class by any means think again
1.0 : OMG.. this instructor wil make you work so hard all semester long. She has no heart with her students. If you take her class then she is your nightmare. I had to withdraw  the class because it was just tooooo much!!Seriously, no joke!
4.0 : Dr. Schweighardt is an amazing professor. She really cares about her students and offers alot of help. She expects you to read the chapters but do not give tests or final; only projects. Also she was in the olympics
1.5 : She is a very nice woman, do not get me wrong, but her work load was ridiculous. I thank god every day she moved to the Psych department at our school. If she remained in the Health and Exercise Science department I would drop out.
3.5 : Just read the book and study his review a lot and you will get A or B. Also, go to his office and he will help you.
3.0 : Really nice guy, thick Polish accent so make sure you really pay attention so you don't miss anything. His Environmental Science class (gen-ed) is basically just lectures and some homework outside of class. Exams are easy and gives in class extra-credit lecture quizzes.
1.0 : He may be a good researcher, but as a teacher, his lack of ability is appalling. He is unclear, hard to understand and does not provide a good learning experience. Steer clear.
4.0 : I'm taking his class right now and honestly, it's not that bad. He has a heavy polish accent but you get used to it and he practically reads off the powerpoint anyways. He makes up for it with extra credit lecture quizzes and gives the questions to the exams (without the answers) a week before the exam. He posts examples of assignments so it's easy
3.5 : Taking him for the ENV was great! He is a very sweet man and he cares about his students.  It is hard to understand him but the class is so easy that it does not matter.  He goes quickly, but puts the lectures up on blackboard.  I recommend anyone to take him for ENV!
3.0 : I had a really good experience with him. I don't show up all the time but I also to AP environmental in high school so I already know a good amount. He reads verbatim from the power points and posts them. He also posted all the possible test questions (100) and only picks 40 of them. I'd recommend him. Hw is so easy and barely any tests.
2.0 : He is a nice man, but his accent can be hard to understand at times. He waits for people to answer questions which can be extremely awkward. He also doesn't tell you that participation matters until after the first exam. Very easy class but it tends to drag on the whole 50 minutes.
1.0 : He's terrible. Heavy accent that makes him hard to understand. He deliberately grades assignments harshly so you'll go to his office hours. For a supposedly "easy" class, he takes his job wayyy too seriously! Don't take him.
1.0 : By far the worst professor I have ever had. She is super confusing, and unless you're Spanish good luck understanding her accent. She doesn't respond to emails and rarely is at her office hours. Save yourself the frustration and don't take her for your Spanish class OR lab.
1.0 : Very had to understand, gives difficult work and does not teach overall.
1.0 : Does not explain anything. Throws information at you then changes the subject a lot. Can't really teach. It is an Easy A class, I wouldn't take her again though.
1.0 : She's a really nice and sweet lady. I honestly like her, but then again I'm pretty good at spanish. If you were taking a spanish 1 class, i wouldn't recommend her. She's very unclear with assignments and pretty oblivious to most things. Not that hard of a class though. Just show up and participate and you will be fine.
1.5 : Human Behavior and the Photographic Image is hands down the worst gen ed you could possibly take. Tamsen doesn't make it any better.  Confusing assignments especially for a once a week gened night class.  The class was from 5:30 - 8 and always took the complete time, rarely got a break in between.  Painfully boring lectures and power points.
1.0 : My french actually got worse. Granted he lets you speak English most of them time when talking about literature but ITS AN UPPER LEVEL COURSE NOT BEGINNERS. Also he mumbles ALOT so don't rely on what he says in class as your sources of info. Overall I couldn't understand a word he said.
1.0 : He is TERRIBLE. He gave paper after paper with vague topics with no clear rubric and then graded like he gave a rubric for us to follow. He had no lectures and you basically had to interpret info yourself. He then would tell you your interpretation or opinion on topics were wrong and gave you a bad grade. Worst gen-ed ever.
2.0 : I'll make this short...  Never got a syllabus or anything back. Never got any feedback on the cornel notes she wanted us to do. Read The New Jim Crow, we all hated it! Never used the second book she wanted us to buy.  Inconsistent! A bit of a fanatic!
1.0 : Terrible at teaching, stands in front of notes so you can't follow along, teaches at light speed, no hope of keeping up or understanding what he is talking about, mocks class, rude, mean
1.0 : Bad. Don't get him. There's hmk every week. I hate this class.
3.0 : I actually hated this class and was only required to take it. I'm not a math and science person, but I know I personally put a lot of effort in but it was still frustrating spending so much time working and not doing well on the homework assignments. He did make it easy to get extra credit though which would bump your grade up which I did like.
1.0 : Sorry but Dr. Timony was the worst grad prof. I've had. His lectures are scrambled and all over the place and he did not return my email promptly at all.  His thoughts are scrambled and does not follow any appropriate teaching model. I do not recommend him.
1.0 : Drones, difficult to pay attention to, is unclear, needlessly complicated and sometimes outright wrong. It's useless to ask him questions. Don't expect him to help you out if you're struggling. Tests were too long to finish by the time limit. Half my class dropped. Avoid at all costs unless you're already a math genius.
1.0 : Unless you have a background in computer programming I wouldn't recommend him because it is a lot of independent work. I went to every class and every lab and still found myself doing terrible.
4.5 : I don't understand why all of the reviews are so negative on here for Dr. Hsieh... Yes, she has an accent because of where she is from and it can be hard for her to clarify sometimes but she is a wonderful professor. Her exams are online and yeah, the weekly readings are annoying but I would take her course again.
1.0 : Worst class I have ever taken. He is never prepared and his assignments are unclear. He also only assigns 3-4 assignments, so if you fail one you are screwed.  He also takes a long time to grade your paper. Will never take his class again.
1.0 : If there were a possibility to rate this teacher in all the categories with a 0 I would have. This professor is continuously late to class. When he cancels class he will do it only a few minutes before class begins. He gives unclear instructions on assignments and lectures, and he grades very tough. Definitely not a class to take. very unorganized
1.5 : I took  him for a night class this semester and he was horrible. Here is a man with beautifully made power points and well prepared but he never goes after the first power point. He talks way too fast, doesn't hear you ask questions and is of no help at all. tough grader. first test, 95% of class failed. Second test 60% of class failed
1.0 : Had Julie for an art history class- she taught it more as an english class. Tests and papers had very ambiguous essay questions &amp; prompts. She was a tough grader and gave a very vague criteria of what she wanted. She assigned readings for each homework and cared more about the author's opinions than the art work we were reading about.
1.0 : Did not teach this class well at all. Her thought process was scattered and relied too heavily on powerpoint slides. I pretty much taught myself the whole semester. Keep in mind that all of her tests are multiple choice but you must explain why you chose each answer
2.0 : Bought the textbook for the class only to realize I wouldn't need it. Relied heavily on powerpoint slides that she would scroll too fast through. Would also take forever to put the slides up online. All the exams were multiple choice but you would have to explain why you picked your answer. In my opinion she was a boring professor.
4.0 : People don't like sokolva because she is real. She teaches you about the world with no barriers, and that makes a lot of students uncomfortable. her politics of identity class taught me more than almost any other class I have taken
1.5 : The notes she gives in class doesn't really help you with the answers for KBR and RR. Her powerpoints are all visuals and she doesn't put them online so you do have to go class. I was interested in learning religions but she made me regret taking this class. DON'T TAKE HER!
4.0 : This teacher is very misunderstood,  many thought her to be rude or abrupt. This is not the case. She did at times talk alot but she was very knowledgeable about the material and wanted everyone's participation. She made a somewhat unnoticed attempt to help the less talkative and shy students to open up and gain confidence. Very respectable teacher
1.0 : I'm just gonna start with DO NOT TAKE HER. Many reading assignments, but never tells you what chapter &amp; syllabus doesn't tell you either. Struggles with blackboard &amp; grading uploaded assignments, and will send you nasty emails as if it's your fault. Strict with attendance, but doesn't come to half the classes &amp; makes us hold class on our own
1.0 : I took her for Death &amp; Dying. She does not teach. Period. She talks her head off but I barely learned a thing. Her powerpoints consist of pictures which she does not explain well. KBRs (online quizzes) aren't TOO bad, but sometimes she'll throw something in there she never even mentioned in class.
1.0 : Presents lectures in a way that puts you to sleep, has absolutely no idea what she is talking about, puts in little effort to communicate with her students, says if she puts a file is on Blackboard then it IS there regardless of whether it actually is or not. Avoid this professor, you don't get your tuition's money's worth.
1.0 : This was honestly the biggest waste of my time and money.  She is the worst professor I've ever had in my life.  She is rude and she will argue with the whole class one thing while she says another and when she's wrong, she will still think she is right.  She puts nothing in writing and makes no effort to communicate. DROP HER WHILE YOU CAN!!!!
1.0 : Horrible. Such a waste of time and money. I have never disliked a professor and class so much in my life. She does not know how to present information, she does not know the info she is presenting, and she is so boring. I dread this class every time I have it. AVIOD AT ALL COSTS. All exams are online and that is seriously the only advantage.
1.0 : Very Terrible professor, honestly should never be a teacher. She is so rude and disrespectful, i have never hated someone so much in my life. She deserves to go to jail. She never learnt anyone's name and cannot teach. She is someone you should never ever take. Very terrible animal.
1.5 : she's confusing and doesnt do problems but puts a lot on the exams. make sure to read ahead of time and do as many problems as you can and see her about any youre stuck on or else you wont pass the exam
1.0 : LISTEN UP PEOPLE WHO HAVE NEVER PROGRAMMED  You will go to the first day of class with this man and he will pretend like you need to know loops and algorithms to take this class. YOU. DO. NOT.   I dropped 1068 and moved into 1051(Python) because he intimidated me into it. Just switch classes to a different professor.
1.0 : Doesn't spend time teaching during lectures, only talks about how hard the class is and why he thinks people aren't doing well. Makes quizhomework problems tricky to fool you rather than focusing on making sure you understand concepts. Language barrier is a little rough. Does not understand questions you ask him in class.
1.0 : The language barrier is really difficult to understand. Plus he just keeps talking at you rather than explaining concepts. I would avoid at all costs.
1.0 : He can't speak English well, he doesn't teach as much as he talks at you and instead of clarifying his point he argues his position.  While he was terrible professor I can't say he didn't prepare me for the next level.  He covered way more material than he probably should have and I was far more prepared for my upper-level classes because of him.
1.0 : He is very difficult to understand. He always says am I right after every concept he talks about.  He give pop quizzes. He expects you to do the programming problems  his way . Even if you have the right answer on a quiz, if its not written his way he will take off a lot of points. He always talk about how difficult his class is. DO NOT TAKE HIM!!
1.5 : Took this class to learn basic CompTIA. This guy showed up every 2 weeks. Most of the students came to class when they wanted to. He claims he graduated from Drexel, but he was laid off from the YMCA.  He constantly hustled students for free software and did not belong to any computer society. He was just there for a check. Inappropriate topics.
1.0 : The worst class I ever took.  I liked costumes and fashion, but I was tired of being in a class where I was treated like a 3rd grader.  I'm sure she is a wonderful fashion designer.  She just shouldn't be teaching.
1.5 : I took World Society in Literature &amp; Film: French Caribbean Focus and it should have been called "Haiti". She talks about Haiti for a good 34 of the semester and it did not transition well to other islands. Very unfair grading!!You better come to class ON TIME and very well prepared. I thought this class would be very different!
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE A COURSE WITH THIS PROFESSOR.All he does is talk,talk,and talk more during the course.He does not give notes,and his exams are a bunch of in class essays.I strongly suggest u run away from him because ninety-five percent of people in his class ended up with F grades That should tell you there is something wrong with his grading methods
1.0 : Worst professor I've had. He grades way too hard. I wouldn't recommend his class to anyone. His lectures are boring and he doesn't know how to explain things to anyone else's understanding but his own. Honestly, don't take his class, biggest mistake I've  made.
2.5 : Professor Roy wasn't the best professor. He gave a lot of reading and busywork and pop quizzes so if you didn't read they were tough. However, his tests were a piece of cake as he did many repeat questions so if you studied the previous exams you were fine. His class was an easy A for me but if you didn't pass you probably didn't put the time in.
5.0 : I don't get the hate this guy gets. Super clear with his lectures and super helpful if you don't understand something. Sometimes he'll assign quite a bit of reading but god forbid we all put some effort in to our educations, right?
2.0 : Took him for H Representing Race. He is such a nice guy but this was such an incredibly boring class, and WAY too hard for a GenEd. You can't afford to skip because he gives pop quizzes and when you go you can expect to just sit there and hear him ramble monotonously. All of the tests are open-ended and include essays. You've been warned.
1.0 : He tries to teach but fails to do so. This class was uninteresting and was extremely stressful. All he does in class is rambles about the 6 books we have to read. Tests are hard. Grades harsh. He's a nice guy but save your money and time somewhere else.
1.0 : Extremely confusing. Can't teach. He rambles a lot. He is by far the worst professor I have had in my college career. Take this class with someone who can actually teach. Now I understand why there were only 6 students in my class...
4.5 : Brilliant professor. Those with a strong interest in cultural anthropology will love him. I see negative reviews of Professor Roy online and shake my head. Though he does assigns a bit of reading (3-5 books), Professor Roy does an excellent job of summarizing and clarifying the assigned readings. Quizzes are easy A's, but exams require lotsa work!
2.0 : Puts you to sleep. Doesn't provide slides, just talks.
1.0 : A lot of reading for a gen ed. He talks the WHOLE class with no slides. Quizzes are every single class based on readings, so you have to read, which isn't every student's way of learning. Do not take this class, if you do I recommend you drop it ASAP. He has a TA, but no one posts grades.
1.0 : This  is one of the worst classes I've ever taken, Dr.  Roy is dreadfully boring, looking around the class you can see most students on cellphones or laptops. The lectures lack structure and rarely cover exam topics, very harsh grader. This class makes me want to smash my head into the back of the hideous plastic lecture hall chairs.
4.0 : He's a good teacher. The content is very good but there's a lot of it. Participation isn't required but if you don't there will be awkward silences. Exams are take home which is really nice and the pop quizzes aren't too bad if you did the reading. Some quizzes are responses to videos which weren't difficult.
2.0 : Worst professor ever. Everything that's bad about a class you'll find here. If you want to do well get ready for A LOT of reading (I'm tallking 20 pages of boring information every night), no textbook and very vague notes if any, so you have to furiously take notes the whole class to get everything. BEWARE OF POP QUIZZES!!!
1.0 : Drop this class as soon as possible he is the absolute worst professor I have ever had at temple the material is bland and his teaching strategies are so bad that you will not understand anything. Also, he assigns way too many assignments for a gen ed and is a really tough grader STAY AWAY
3.0 : If you read the material, you will do fine on the many pop quizzes he gives. He gave about 15 the entire semester and it covers the readings before class. It's a gen-ed but is lecture heavy. Has a great deal of essays and writing assignments that cover material in the books so read thoroughly. Is not that bad of a teacher, attempts to make jokes.
1.0 : He is awkward, the essay prompts didn't make sense, and the T.A. Hillary who is teaching the class next semester graded the essays ridiculously hard.
2.0 : -Readings for every class. 15 pop quizzes, cannot make them up (only 10 are included in grade) -Some essay prompts are very confusing if you don't read into the material deeply -All exams are short answer, no multiple choice guessing You WILL need to put work in to pass this class. Participate and read into the material deeply and you'll be fine.
1.0 : Horrible. You better speak Spanish cuz he randomly breaks into Spanish all the time. Expects you to be a music major and read music, play instruments, compose music, be able to identify songs and instruments via 10 second sound clip. Absolutely horrible. Avoid at all costs. Worst class I have ever taken at temple. Have't hated anyone as much as him
1.0 : This is the absolute worst class I have ever taken. Quizzes are weekly and consist of listening to sound bits and recognizing different themes and parts of classical music. The quizzes are completely impossible for anyone who is not an 18th century music composure themselves. AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE.
1.0 : Awful. Pretentious. Midterm- too long not enough time. Talks for ages; nothing of use. This semester I accidentally took his class and he kept us in the class room 10 minutes after the campus closed for a snow emergency to talk about plagiarism. Incoherent lesson plans. Do not take.
1.0 : Professor Whitaker is unbelievably pretentious.  He will take every opportunity possible to demonstrate how educated and brilliant he is.  He invariably acts in a patronizing manner towards students, and at times can be quite offensive - especially when openly ridiculing various religions during lecture.  He is ill-natured and contemptible.  Avoid.
1.0 : This one doesn't help at all, showing off his doctor degree and his BMW at class, Im not sure he is here to teach or something else. but it is def an easy class, cuz you will learn nothing in here but only waste your tuition and time.
1.5 : Absolutely awful. He speaks completely monotone and so quietly that it is nearly impossible to understand what he says. He spends about 10-15 minutes lecturing each class. In that time, he just solves several examples on the board without saying or explaining anything, making it impossible to understand what is going on. Take anyone but him.
1.0 : To be brutally honest Clark is the worst teacher I've ever had. His teaching methods are poor and he tends to over complicate problems. Quizzes were weekly but since I had to teach myself I had to learn the material at my own pace, thus making the quizzes awful. Received a 78 on exam 1, 95 on exam 2, and 95 on the final. Overall, his class is poor.
1.0 : Horrible! run! TA runs the class, Jesus is rude, obnoxious and tests ridiculous.
1.0 : Really bad... and rude. Makes the tests hard and sometimes doesn't show up for class.
4.0 : great guy, doesn't want you to complain about the work, stays to the syllabus, if you just do the work you should be fine
2.0 : Planning Analysis is supposed to be an intro level course. He will grade you like you have been in the field for a decade. DON'T FILL OUT THE MID-SEMESTER EVALUATION! The classes are small enough that he will know if you say anything negative and hold it against you for the remainder of the semester. Terrible professor.
2.0 : He is very unhelpful, exams are based on book even though you do not LEARN about the book. He gives no notes, or key terms, and you are left to learn material on your own.
1.0 : So many better ad professors at Temple! Do not take this course with him. Does not give notes, exams completely on books, but you don't use the book. Unclear about assignments, not helpful, and rude to students who ask about exam.
2.5 : The textbook is not necessary but he makes you buy it. Even though he doesn't teach the textbook you only 2 exams are on the textbook he never talked about. The lecture power points are on screen for about two seconds then he will switch slides without warning. The biggest grade is on a group project where he pics the teams. Do not recommend.
1.5 : Probably one of the worst professors in Journalism. Assuming that the topic was interesting, I took the course. However, I was displeased with her teaching methods. It is not writing intensive, but some of the writing assignments were rather pointless. People tend to drag on to the same questions over and over, even after end of class.Don'ttake it.
1.0 : I'm sure he's an intelligent man but that doesn't always translate to good teaching skills. He gives a lot of work without a lot of explanation or examples and grades hard based on what he expects of you regardless of how little he teaches you, which he doesn't realize he doesn't do a good job of.
1.0 : Horrible teacher, she is unclear and accuses the class of being wrong if she makes a mistake. She's new so she is a stickler for attendance. I did not find her approachable and she was often condescending to me. I would NEVER take her again.
1.0 : This was  one of the least helpful teachers I've ever had. She never explained what she wanted for prompts and when you go in for extra help, she doesn't  help to improve writing, just say what you did wrong. She also has no idea what a transition sentence is and didn't start to actually teach how to write until 3 weeks before the semester ended.
1.0 : She is horrible professor. She does not care about her students at ALL. She is not clear with her assignments and is very negative. She blames the class for everything she does wrong. Advice from me: DON'T TAKE HER.
1.0 : Tells you that you are wrong when it is really her that is wrong. Does not help you whatsoever, instead she puts you down. Asks questions to the class and people will have their hands raised to answer and she will get mad that no one wanted to answer. Expects things from you that she never even mentioned nor is it in the syllabus. lol good luck
1.0 : lessons are unorganized and always get off track. Unless she is teaching a class on Greek and Roman literature, you wont be learning much relevant information. Don't bother trying to contribute to class discussion because she wont stop talking to let anyone else speak. Also when grading papers she won't use a rubric and pulls numbers out of her ass
1.0 : She is the worst TA ever. She is not the professor but she makes the class very hard. Drop Kines3296 if she is your TA. You will have a much easier time taking the class being in a different TA group. She grades papers extremely hard which is not good when there is a 10 page paper for this class along with weekly writing assignments.
2.0 : Basically just reviews the slides everyday and everything is online so make sure you keep up with that. I withdrew from this class because it didn't seem like the professor spoke to the class it seemed like he was talking to the wall the whole time and it was just a really hard course.
1.0 : The teacher is semi-rude, there are at least 2 10-page readings due per class and the tests are really hard. DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER!!!!!
1.0 : In all honesty, you would be better buying the textbook on tape. It will save you the trouble of translating her lectures into proper English, and will make more sense. She uselessly goes into way more detail than necessary for exam FM. As far as International Masters students go, she is below average.
1.0 : The professor means well but never emails back on time, the students are always confused as to what she actually wants. Not interesting at all! Do not take this teacher!
1.0 : Professor Goldman is by far the worst professor I've had during my 4 years at Temple. Her expectations are unclear and  do not bother asking her because she won't clarify. When you do ask her a question she belittles you and comes back with a rude comment. I would never take her again. DO NOT take this professor and avoid her at all costs.
1.0 : Goldman is one of the worst teachers I have ever had in my entire life. She is unclear on all the assignment's grading guidelines, has unrealistic goals on assignments, &amp; never can give you a straight answer because she's too busy being rude. I learned more from the internet &amp; the text book than I did from her. If you have her, may god be with you.
1.0 : Professor Goldman is the worst professor I have had at Temple thus far.  She is very unclear about assignments and can never give a clear explanation when you ask her about points taken off of assignments.  She is very insensitive to the needs of her students and assigns too many group projects. Good at her craft, horrible, horrible teacher.
1.5 : Not helpful at all when it comes to unyielding circumstances, strict on length of papers, and all around boring class, theres no need to attend.
1.0 : He is a TERRIBLE teacher. Do not take him. He doesn't know how to explain the problems. He constantly says he's lazy and doesn't do the entire problem and skips steps. He gets through four problems in the one class period. He uses book for some problems, but is constantly asking what we want to learn.
1.0 : Lectures are boring and rambling. Tests are on nothing mentioned in class, but at least he curves them (30 point curve is average). Basically, be prepared to be bored and stressed, but you'll probably pass in the end.
1.5 : He'll spend the first 20 minutes of class rambling about something or another, panic about not having enough time, rush through a chapter outline he's made from the book (which are on his website), and then spend the rest of the time showing you irrelevant YouTube clips.  But to pass, you just have to read that book.  And take notes while you do.
2.5 : Spends the first 30 minutes of class rambling about nothing. Watches youtube clips of irrelevant material, but only watches 5 minutes of random sections out of a 2 hour movie.  Looks at the clock says there is no time and lectures a whole chapter in 5 minutes and tests details on that chapter.  Textbook is not needed, he has made a copy of it.
1.0 : Probably the worst teacher iv ever had at temple, DO NOT TAKE HIM! All he does is basically ramble about random stuff and watch random movies that are NOT related to the tests. When you take the test its extremely difficult and he doesnt teach for. His lectures are also boring as! its so bad that he has to curve it by 20-30 points
1.0 : Lectures were unstructured, no clear key points, barely followed textbook. Classes were compromised of powerpoints, ramblings about graphs and random video clips. The lectures were about 90% irrelevant to the exams, all 4 of which had around ~20 point curves bc everyone bombed. Took attendance at the start but didn't care if you left halfway.
1.0 : His lectures are him rambling on, unable to make a coherent point. He ties everything in with irrelevant clips. Tests barely relate to anything talked about and too specific of questions to actually remember 7 chapters worth of material. Everyone bombs the tests only to follow with a 20 point curve. Honestly, awful teacher. He should retire by now.
1.0 : The worst Professor I've ever had. Attendance is mandatory so you are forced to sit there while he goes off on tangents not related to the class material at all and if someone tries to ask a question he is very condescending and won't answer it. He treats students like we're idiots even though he's the one not teaching anything. Avoid at all costs.
2.5 : He's okay, he was brand new when he taught our class and he was pretty scared of us but he's really helpful. If you want him to he'll teach a problem over and over again no matter how much it annoyed him. He didn't explain things properly though. He's a pretty sucky teacher. Don't take him unless its absolutely inevitable.
1.5 : Not a certified teacher so he does not know what he is doing. He was very nervous in front of the class and did not explain things well. Also a tough grader.
3.0 : Had really mixed feelings about this class. Took him for Investments and I wanted to like him, but he just makes the course extremely difficult. I appreciate that he teaches at a CFA level, but not everyone aspires to be a CFA. Quizzes are hard to prepare for, and there are no mid-terms, just a definitive final. You learn, but will break your back.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR.  AVOID AT ALL COSTS.  THESE REVIEWS ARE LIES.  I MAY NOT MAKE IT OUT ALIVE.  In all seriousness, I have a 3.7 GPA  and this professor has created more stress than all other instructors in my life combined.  This is the only review you need to know what to expect in this "class".  Think this reviews inaccurate?  Good luck
1.0 : He is the most strict professor that I have never met before, and this course is the most tough course I have taken at Temple University. His cases are extremely hard and he gives hard quizzes every week. Cases scores are low because it is individual work. Avoid, avoid, avoid as you can except If you want to challenge yourself.
2.0 : The class is so stressful. My average midterm score for my corporate finance class is 99, even so, I still find this class is so hard. I spend a lot of time preparing for quizzes, and for cases, but still get a low score. Take others professors if you can.
2.5 : If you want to be a Chartered Financial Analyst, take this class. If not, prepare to put in a lot more work than you'll ever want to.
1.0 : It starts off slowly, you think it won't be as bad as it sounds.. but then it gets worse. MUCH WORSE.  He doesn't write anything down, if he does consider it a good day.  Expects you to have book material memorized ahead of time because he proceeds without covering material HE THINKS you should know.  Basically, avoid at all costs
2.5 : I have learned more in Professor English's class then throughout my college career. Also, what you learn directly correlates to other Finance classes and makes it a lot, a lot easier to understand and do well. With that being said, his expectations are quite high and you will have to work you ass off to get a good grade.
1.0 : He does not provide answers to quizzes or homework to review. He does not provide any example problems nor will he give it to you when asked. He will merely say "make up your own problem."  He is a realist and will push you hard. Good luck trying to study for the final.
1.0 : Hardest class I've taken at Temple. Thought I wasn't even going to pass. Phil has VERY high expectations for undergraduate students. If you'd like a challenge, take him. If not, STAY AWAY.
5.0 : Best professor I had at Temple. Not easy by any means, but he is upfront about his expectations from day 1. He is a professor who really cares. Not only about his students' learning, but also about getting them ready for the real world. I also really grew to appreciate his sense of humor. He is a great guy and great professor. Highly recommended.
1.0 : Easily one of the most horrible teachers I have ever had. Strongly suggest not taking her, I learned far more from my classmates than from her.
1.0 : I just won't take her class again with another professor yes just not her
2.5 : Major attitude and judgemental.  Makes you not want to ask for help or clarification. Assignments: pointless. Feedback irrelevant if you get any at all. Would not recommend.
1.0 : I wouldn't take this class again. Anything I have written in this class is a minimum of 6 pages. She requires way to many assignments. She also has unrealistic expectations for her students. STAY AWAY!!!!!!
2.0 : Hornstein is not a good professor at all. She is very rude and talks down to the students. She will ask you for her opinion and then when you give it and its not what she wants to hear she gives you attitude and tells you your wrong. Did not enjoy this class whats so ever. Assignments are not clear. She is very demeaning, do not suggest taking her!
1.0 : She is inflexible and insensitive. Don't have a different opinion than hers because she will give you a tough time and it will show in your grade. She thinks she knows everything. She does not foster an educational environment that promotes growth. She shapes discussion the way she wants it to be. She is controlling!
2.5 : Dr. Hornstein was the worst professor I ever had! She is mean, rude, extremely strict and she talks down to students.  She has quizzes before she does her powerpoints so you have to read from the text book (1 ch  20pgs or more).   Attendance is mandatory and she does not let you leave until she takes attendance.  Don't take her class.
1.5 : Bailey is a Music History dude who doesn't want to be teaching this course, and it's plain. He hates reading, English, and class discussion, so don't expect to do justice to any of that. He will do anything to avoid teaching the material. Loves to talk about 'paratext' (everything except the text). Shuts down students' ideas. Worst teacher I've had
2.0 : She is a new professor here at Cedar Crest. She is a nice professor but I am not a fan of her teaching style. Her quizzes are more test styled, She refuses to release the power point until after the lecture, and is not really exciting. I would personally choose not to take her again.
1.0 : Not HELPFUL, GIVES SUPER BROAD FEEDBACKS, AVOID HIM
1.0 : ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE
1.0 : She's a terrible uninterested professor
1.0 : Gearhart is not a great professor by any means. She is condescending, and often makes "wtf" faces at certain students when they give responses. She also doesn't follow the syllabus, so she often assigns different readings and gets pissed off when kids show up having read the wrong material. Overall, not a great experience. Pretty easy grader though
2.0 : Assigns pointless assignments, not well respected.
3.5 : I took Sarah for Kids Community &amp; Controversy (genEd) and I LOVED it. I dont know if it was so much her as it was the material she covered that really peaked my interest and made me want to come to class and listen to her lectures. Made me love the subject of sociology. But as a person, shes pretty cool and funny. Lots of readings and fair grader.
1.0 : Its the second day, and I still have yet to understand one word that this man has said. Pretty sure he thinks that we are classical composers with years of musical experience? Please do not take exploring music if you want to enjoy college, because this class surely will not do that for you.
1.0 : The most most difficult course that I have ever took.
1.0 : He is an absolutely horrible teacher. Took him for exploring music and it's near impossible to even understand what he's saying. He can barely speak english. Everyone taking his class is looking for a gen ed to get an easy a in but he expects you to deconstruct random symphonies etc and understand sheet music. Horrible teacher and class
4.0 : He is a really nice teacher and he absolutely helps you with things you haven't understood. He is an easy grader just learn his slides and listen to music.
1.0 : The class was just so boring it was tough to stay awake every class. We were the only class that had to read a book for our final paper and the book was a 150 page long poem. She doesn't really help and doesn't really seem to know what she wants
2.5 : This teacher was very confusing, to the point that she confused herself. She doesn't seem to be able to deal with stress well, and takes it out on the students. The only redeeming quality about her, was that she messed up a lot on tests, and had to give a lot of points back.
5.0 : Prof. Humphrey got a lot of lip from students who didn't show up to class then had issues with the material. Her tests were easy and she was very helpful if you came to her. She took questions off of exams that the class overall had a problem with. I'd surely take her again.
1.0 : Overall not a good professor. You don't have to show up to class and can easily pass. When you go she just reads right off the slides. Basically she is learning as you are. Tests were easy but I didn't learn anything new and we spoke about Pavlov for the first 3-4 weeks of class plus she would continue to speak about him throughout the semester.
2.5 : Attendance wasn't mandatory, but it doesn't help by showing up. She confuses herself when speaking and tends to talk too much about her personal life. Her tests comprise of only 25 questions but are on 6-8 chapters. The questions are also worded weirdly. If you can take a different professor, do it because only the book will help you with her.
1.0 : Her teaching and lectures confuse and bore me. She used to take attendance but stopped because she couldn't keep up with 130 students. I go to the class only on important days such as test reviews but she nor the study guides are any useful. I wish she worded the tests different. We just did exam 2 and I'm over this class. Take with someone else!!
1.0 : I was very disappointed by this class and instructor. The instructor became flustered and frustrated extremely quickly when students asked questions. She did not seem to know how to explain the material. The lectures are confusing, the textbook isn't very helpful, and the test questions are poorly written and misleading.
1.0 : Quizes are worth only 1% of your final grade and the test are worth the majority. The test were hard due to her wording and when the class debated with her with a question she got wrong, she basically snapped on the class. On test days the students would walk out looking defeated. Save yourself the headaches, stress, and frustrations. Believe me.
1.0 : The class itself is enjoyable, it's when she gives you a pop quiz like every class period about the most specific things. We'll have an entire class period discussing something irrelevant and then quiz us on a theme of a play from a month ago from page 35. Oh and the midterm, nothing to do with anything, all open ended, hardest test in all my years
1.0 : Worst teacher ever had, doesn't know the difference bw "assignments" and "quizzes". Wost grader ever, acts like her students are friends and turns around and gives the hardest midtermfinal; HORRIBLE. The only reason she has a 1 is because you can't rate a 0
1.0 : Horrible professor. The worst I ever had. He doesn't explain anything, he just copy from the book. Attached to that his exams are very hard, and he is very tough grading. He just dont care about the students.  Trust me, you dont want to have him as a professor.
1.5 : Copies everything from the book. Doesn't explain anything, and he is the hardest grader I have ever had.
1.5 : Easily the worst experience at this university, reads straight from the book and doesn't actually know how to explain anything. Avoid at all costs. All he wants to do is research, and clearly doesn't care about the class or his students. Awful teacher.
3.0 : Shes a nice person and is helpful if you need assistance outside of the classroom. She helped me find my professional hour sites, as im a commuter and needed secondary sites.  Otherwise as long as you do the work (which isnt much) you will pass the class)
1.5 : She does not care what her students have to say, gives grades back super late, very unclear with what she wants in assignments and I'm mad I paid for a book we did not use once.
1.0 : Literally the worst professor I have ever took. If you have the option to take another professor. Please do! She is very misleading! She will tell you to do one thing and then go back on it and say you did something wrong! She is also the rudest most off-putting person I have ever met. This class should be a cake walk but she makes it hard.
1.0 : I can not stand the frustration of Dr. Ross. Attendance is not counted towards your grade, but you are required to purchase Top Hat in order for her to SOMETIMES take attendance. Syllabus is completely wrong. Changes due dates without telling students. absolute NO. DO NOT take her.
1.0 : She doesn't give clear directions, she also managed to annoy our practical experience sites so much they wouldn't let us go, and therefore we lost hours and our grades suffered. May possibly be the least intelligent person with a doctorate.
1.0 : - Not very helpfull - Not clear in lecture - Late feedback on assignments  - Not always available for help (outside class) - Hard Grader
1.5 : i could rant and rave about how unprofessional this professor is but all i have to say is dont take him if you dont already know statistics. two five question exams all semester.
2.0 : This professor is terrible. very unorganized and always late to class. he does try to joke around from time to time but material is tough to understand. he also takes forever to update the homework so you never know when assignments are due.
1.5 : Shows up at least 10 minutes late to class every day and always unprepared. Also, if he says he will send something out, such as a pretest, he will forget and not send it out. (Or send it out at 1AM on the day of a 9 o'clock test.) Never around for office hours either
1.5 : Unorganized. Doesn't respond to emails. Hard material to understand. Comes late to class. Doesn't have an organized syllabus... But he is funny (if you like dirty humor)
1.5 : He is always late to class, so unorganized, does not respond to emails. He said he will send a pre test "tomorrow" and tomorrow to him means to send it the day before the exam day.
1.0 : Never on time for class, always says he is going to put up assignments online but never opens them for you to do and when he does you miss it because he did not tell the class. He always says he is going to put up pre tests to help us study for tests but puts it up very last minute so you cannot even study from it. I really suggest not taking him.
1.5 : This man should not be teaching. He does not follow the syllabus in the slightest and did not teach my class one solid piece of information. He doesn't even prepare lecture materials, just rambles on trying to give advice that barely makes sense. You need to ask him to explain assignments repeatedly because he does not use Blackboard. Stay away!
1.0 : Dr. De Jesse is a bio-ethicist and should be teaching a course on that, not in advertising; My class spent over 5 depressing weeks on Euthanasia, didn't learn ANYTHING about ethical advertising or present issues win the industry, nor did we ever receive clear directions about his expectations.  I wrote A papers but got a C+ based on my attendance.
1.5 : He is very rude when it comes to criticizing and he rarely gives good feedback on the projects. He is also very unclear when it comes to due dates and if you ask most of the time he says you should already know. He also gave me a passing grade earlier in the semester and then a failing grade later on for the same material which makes no sense.
2.0 : Luis wants to be helpful, but often is unclear and confusing. He is not a bad professor and truly cares about his students and their work, but his critiques and comments are usually negative.
1.0 : Minimal feedback given only if you chase him.  I'm halfway through the semester and haven't taken a test yet.  He gave us an insane paper with no direction and it's driving the class crazy.  Lecturesreads straight off the outline given by the (hella expensive) textbook's publisher.  Worst prof I've had yet.  AVOID!!!!!!! But you do get 5 skips
2.0 : Dr. Khan is absolutely hilarious. That being said, he is also completely oblivious. He doesn't take his eyes off the computer when presenting and many people in my class just sign the sign-in sheet and leave. HW's are online and the mid-term paper and lab reports are pretty long and heavy. Not bad for a science Gen Ed but don't expect to learn much
1.0 : I've never actually disliked a professor until now.  He doesn't post grades, has lost my papers, and reads the lecture notes provided by the textbook rather than bothering to teach.  He should have retired 20 years ago and is entirely unhelpful.
1.0 : I've not learned a single thing all semester. I show up and do homework for other classes, he'd never know since he never looks up from the computer. He's a really intelligent man, but it is time for retirement. No direction on papers, labs, or final. Lost 4 of my assignments, but I have gotten A's all semester. We'll see.
2.0 : To Chris: today you said "don't pack up and leave until I dismiss you." People got up bc class was over. I have missed my train after you kept us those few min. If you want me to respect class time, end class when it should be over instead of whining about it (which takes even more time). This has happened before. Please check the time.
3.0 : I hate this class, only because attendance is mandatory and we can only miss one class. Are we in high school? I'm paying to learn, let me decide if I need to come. This class is an easy A, so Chris is probably trying to "toughen it up" with attendance points. Make kids write a paper. That's my tip if you want students who actually care about film.
1.0 : Skip this class. Attendance is mandatory, incredibly difficult.
1.0 : Acts completely inappropriate towards students by yelling, ridiculing, and belittling them.  Definitely a bad experience overall and I would advise anyone not to take him.  He asks the class for their opinion then gets angry if your opinion differs from his.  This method of teaching is unhelpful and can even lower self-esteem of students.
2.5 : Took him in Summer 1. Ron is definitely someone some may find difficult to get along with. He is blunt with his critiquing and isn't afraid to completely rip something apart if its not good. On the other hand, his blunt critiquing can help you onto the path of creating something much better. Fair warning, his style of teaching isn't for everyone.
1.0 : Suh makes you do so much busy work for homework/assignments and is a tough grader. Barely any engineering was incorporated into the class I took with him.  I recommend doing any extra credit. And be warned, class is boring as anything and he LOVES to talk about himself
1.0 : Just no
3.5 : Easy if you have the necessary basic background in chemistry and biology
1.0 : Worst professor in the BioE department. Every class I've had with him he assigns so much unnecessary work that does not help teach material. Extremely tough grader. Teaches as if students don't have other classes.
1.0 : Absolutely awful! One of the worst professors I've ever encountered in my life. so boring, not helpful, tests are impossible (not enough time to answer them). Also he can't teach,  and no one understands him! His TA teaches much better than him! Repeated concepts, boring classes and really unfair grades. Never take his classes.
1.0 : Hard guy. hard class. many quizzes. same questions repeated. you never know the correct answers. always deducts your score, you don't know why.
1.0 : The worst professor I've ever had in my life!  He is horrible! His lectures are completely useless. The tests are unnecessarily hard, once he doesn't  teach you anything. He gives you the same tests repeatedly, and even if you write the same answers on the tests, he always deducts your score for no plausible reasons.  DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASSES!!!
1.0 : She is an awful teacher. Grading is not clear for group projects as well as personal assignments. Would not recommend taking her for any classes. By far worst teacher I have had at Temple.
1.0 : Teacher has zero clear grading policies and is inconsistent when applying them. She will test on material that is not in the book. Also she is dismissive to students who approach her with issues or questions, if she is even there for her office hours.
1.0 : She is very rude. She does not have office hours. She hardly explains.
1.0 : Inconsistent grader. Gives misleading feedback. Terribly mean and condescending towards students to the point where it is bordering on unprofessional. I felt as though she gave confusing instructions because she didn't know exactly what she was looking for in our work. Gets mad with class when people don't understand her confusing instructions.
1.0 : Biggest problems are inability to explain ANYthing during feedback. Incredibly rude, doesn't bother to show concern or even interest in students. When she grades, she pulls info from the good examples that are inconsistent with what she asked when explaining the project. Steer clear if possible.
5.0 : great experience!
2.0 : One of the most frustrating graders I've ever taken a course with. It's nearly impossible to get full credit on any of the 10 to 20 point assignments, which adds up over the course of the seemingly thousands of meaningless writing assignments that she assigns. She offers little to no feedback on anything, and is not very understanding.
1.0 : He provides NO instruction for the labs at all. He lectures way too fast for you to write anything down and doesn't slow down or answer questions.  And then he'll just tell you to do the lab, and you'll be like, "Wait, what?" No one knows what to do. He doesn't explain lab procedure, and it is NEVER clear what to do or what the objective is.
1.0 : This professor was by far the WORST at Temple University! He can't speak english and you CANNOT understand anything coming out of his mouth! He is NOT understanding that life does happen and things do come up unexpectedly. His teaching methods are horrible, his tests are the worst- everything is short answers . DONT TAKE HIM,  his accent is heavy.
1.0 : This professor has a heavy accent. He goes through class notes every quickly not giving enough time to understand and write down notes. The professor can be rude at times and is not understanding. All quizzes and tests are short answers and out of memory. Doesn't really go over what would be on the quizzes and what he expects. He is the worst.
1.0 : He is terrible because he is so vague about what he wants us to do for lab assignments. He has a very thick accent and his hand writing is illegible  so you spend alot of time trying to understand him. When you ask him to repeat something he gives an attitude. He does not offer any help whatsoever in regards to preparing for a test. He is very rude
3.0 : The professor allowed the students 2 pick exams or papers (3).  The class picked papers. Well u better pay close attention 2 her rubrics.  She is nice  but a stickler about her rubrics. U must come to her class and u r forced 2 participate (25) points. I hated the class because she seemed confused and the class participation sucks.  ( hated it )
1.0 : She did not seem to have any deep knowledge about the content.  she did not know the answer to any question we asked outside her slides. If we questioned her sources she would try to get back to us the following class, which usually resulted in admitting that it was incorrect. She never returned our papers with feedback. Had no idea how I was doing
1.0 : Maybe because he is new teacher, but he is horrible at it.  The class was very robotic, don't stop and explain things.  Heavy accent, and spoke very softly.  He needs a microphone.  Dropped his class after 2 weeks.  People who didn't withdraw regretted it.  Nothing against him personally.  I hope he does better in the future.
1.0 : Python is an easy language, but he can't even explain the concepts at all. All he does is read straight from a power point that came with the teacher's edition of the book. His lectures are boring, his voice monotone and it's obvious that he doesn't care about teaching. Most of the class had to teach themselves.
1.0 : very bad at facilitating discussion. calls kids out for not knowing something that was never taught. spent an entire class on "how to respect." complete waste of time. no room for creativity on assignments. 2 page paper due every week. readings are interesting but hardly discussed.
1.0 : Assign A LOT of work. When midterm was over we had a paper due the following class!  she acts  rude when someone gives their opinion. extra credit is 7 to 8 pages.  smh
3.0 : Prof Lagro is a really nice guy. But that's about it. His lectures are confusing and if you ask a question, expect it to take a lot of time to get to the answer you needed... if you even get that far. I advise going to office hours and making it known that you want to pass the class.
1.5 : I felt sorry for the man in a way, since he was such a kind person. In addition, it is obvious that he tries quite a lot to engage the students. But sadly, his lectures are confusing and riddled with basic arithmetic answers. Even though he holds a doctorate in mathematics, it's obvious he doesn't have one in teaching. Good man, poor teacher.
1.0 : The homework he gives on online is not the stuff that prepares you for the exams. You teach yourself, he also teaches the homework after it is due. He implies his directions on exams. Also, on numerous occasions gotten basic arithmetic wrong. His excuse is he does not make the exams however shouldn't a professor know what he is teaching.
1.0 : He seems like a good person but teaching is def. not for him. He made precalc harder than what it was and often appeared confused about the class himself. Gave weekly quizzes that were EXTREMELY harder than the actual test and allowed us to use calculators even though they aren't allowed on tests. Avoid if possible, if not good luck self studying!!
2.0 : Gives way to much work for a gen-ed class, and half of it is unfairly hard. She expects you to be able to listen to a piece of foreign music and be able to find different parts of the music when you have no idea what the hell she is talking about. You will have a hard time understanding anything in this class. Not to mention the mandatory concerts.
1.5 : Took Dr. Alford for an arts gen-ed in a music class. Unless you are a music major or have prior knowledge to music scales or any music knowledge I would not recommend. Her attendance policy is very strict for a Gen-Ed. Completely turned off from any other music class in the realm of arts now.
1.0 : RUN! TURN BACK BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Too much  work for a gened class. Her class is not about learning it is about remembering terms and concepts. HARSH GRADER. GETTING A C IN HER CLASS DESPITE PUTTING IN SO MUCH EFFORT. THANKS TO HER.
2.0 : She gives you way too much work for a Gen-Ed, expects us to go to 2 concerts (or more) and write a 4-6 page paper on it (with sources) and listening quizzes, which aren't really bad if you listen to it right before class. Online quizzes are fairly easy, just make sure you take notes to prepare for the tests because she does surprise you.
2.0 : This guy's tough. Terrible may be a little harsh of a word, but he's not a nice guy. He's deceptive when it comes to exams by not properly preparing the class, and he makes what's supposed to be extra credit, 20% of your lab score (you only get 4/5 for completing the assignment 100% correctly and on time. Total BS). Do NOT take this class.
1.0 : Get ready to teach yourself. His tests aren't too hard and usually there's a huge curve (10-15 points) because no one understands the tests and he does little to help his students. Do NOT recommend taking him as  teacher at all.
1.0 : lol... just don't do it to yourself
2.5 : He's chill and lets class out early but isn't involved and is confusing. You're better off just reading the book to understand the content. He's not too hard but he wouldn't be my first option.
1.5 : He is not a professor. Our class barely has 40 people in it and he doesn't know a single name. He gives pop quizzes once a week and never grades them. He often lets class out late, but you aren't in class enough to learn anything. You're better off just reading the text book.
1.0 : She was so hard to get help from. Went to her multiple times and did not get much out of it. Yells if you do not participate in class. Very tough grader on the assignments. Good luck if you get her.
1.0 : Tries to be helpful during office hours, but just makes you more confused. Makes everything harder than it needs to be. Tells you the test is all from the PowerPoints, but throws in stuff from the book that is completely irrelevant. Students start to not trust her because the tests turn out to be completely different than how she describes them.
2.0 : She is unprofessional and unclear in what she wants from you. She had to start putting them online for the course because everyone failed.  She does give test corrections if everyone collectively does horrible, I think it's just to make herself look better.  Practical exams for this course are intimidating, as any practical exam is.
1.5 : She might as well have not even been in the room because we had to teach ourselves how to palpate.  This class is supposed to be very hands on but if we don't know what we are doing how are we supposed to be willing to participate? We all failed one of the exams and she let us do test corrections (thank god).
1.5 : Had more important things to do than show up to teach the class.  Poor organization and communication was null.
2.0 : Evans is okay. I feel for adjuncts, they're busy, but she just wasn't consistent. Constantly cancelled class, came unprepared and I just didn't feel like I learned anything. She also was a bit of a know-it-all which impacted the class environment. It's an easy A, yeah, but knowing this stuff is important to be successful in ADV so it just hurts you
2.0 : Dr. Nelson is nice. He is transitioning from teaching med school to teaching undergrad bio, &amp; it shows. He assigned us 2 diff. textbooks, both unlike one another - confusing! His lectures started out great, then it seems he got lazy mid-semester. He once did not honor our office hour appointment, and only had 1 hour per week to meet with students.
1.0 : Dr. Nelson is really nice but he is a horrible professor. He basically teaches his lectures but never goes into detail and literally expect us to know EVERYTHING EVERY LITTLE DETAIL. His exams are impossible, the answer choices are so similar and there are trick questions. I am basically failing the class and I NEVER fail classes. Do not take him.
1.0 : Good luck if you have him for Biology 1111. You will learn nothing in class &amp; have to learn everything form the textbook by yourself. He has a nice personality, but that's all he has going for him.
1.0 : Easily one of the worst professors I have had at Temple. He will end class anywhere from 5 to 30 minutes early and think that it's FUNNY to do so. Really not sure what exactly I am paying for with this class because I have to teach myself. His powerpoints and lectures are a joke, they consist SOLEY of pictures from the textbook and THATS IT.
1.0 : The professor is so terrible, He does not know how to teach a class. He gets lazy with his lectures, does not explains about contents or go in order. In lectures, powerpoint of pictures and speaks in his minimal voice, there is no order or format on how to study for his exam. He treats students like medical student instead of undergraduate
1.0 : Bad at teaching
1.0 : He CANT TEACH he literally shows pictures on slides and expects you to know whats going on. His test doesn't match the slides or half of the Chapter you will read IN the book. He's obviously a smart guy he just cants pass on knowledge. You're basically on your own. HW is easy and but annoying bc it doesn't correlate w test. He moves SUPER FAST!!!!
1.0 : Awesome guy, awful teacher. Exams are hell
1.0 : She does not have a teaching degree and makes that quite obvious. In class, she literally just reads you the textbook and does not explain well. If you have questions, be prepared to have them answered in the most confusing way possible. Also, be prepared to teach yourself. She assigns A LOT of online homework. Very sweet woman, horrible class.
1.0 : Cinzia,Cinzia,Cinzia....
1.0 : This is the first course I have hated so far in my program. She clearly does not prepare for class, her lectures lack substance &amp;  don't contribute anything outside of the reading. Her expectations as far as papers go seem unreasonable considering the lack of effort she puts into teaching... uses the search function to find errors &amp; take points off
1.5 : She is a nice woman &amp; knowledgeable about the industry but not a good fit for the classroom. I had two professors for this course since it was hybrid. She needed to get all answers from him. Never clear about what was expected. I thought this class was a joke. Clueless. Assigned lots of busywork &amp; took forever to grade. Gave terrible feedback
1.0 : Possibly the worst professor I have ever had the displeasure of taking. His lectures are long and very boring, he has a hard time articulating what he wants to say making it hard to follow. His exams and projects are take home but good-luck trying to figure out what he wants you to do. He replies very fast to questions but leaves you more confused
1.0 : Worst course I've taken in my life. Underlying concepts are easy, but the professor makes the course arbitrarily difficult. Extremely disrespectful to students, and has difficulty with basic communication skills.
2.0 : Avoid unless you are very interested in Motor Behavior. This subject is literally the reason he does what he does... Tests are impossible even with the note card cheat sheet you get for every test. Final is cumulative. I know no one wants to take Swalm, but good god take him instead for this course.
1.0 : Rough class. As a teacher he is decent/good, as a person, not so much. He's really MEAN to his students. Never expect inducement even if do a great work. He's just not a nice guy. Makes you feel stupid if you ask a question.
1.0 : Professor, I hope you read this review and consider your teaching style, and how you need to improve on your respect of your students that pay thousands to be in your presence.....  If you want to take Fink's class be ready to be ridiculed for every question you ask. He wants us to ask questions, but gives us a look of disgust.
1.0 : Professor fink is a nice guy and a brilliant individual. However his methods are a bit unorthodox. He will assign many large reading and not go over them in class. There are no exercises in class to prepare you for tests. Most of the learning is done by yourself with little instruction. Just long lectures about unrelated subjects.
1.0 : I spent so much time on this course and had made a lot progress even though i am a non-major student. But she is so strict on  attendance. She even count the first week attendance. She is so stiff on attendance and participate, but the main goal of this course is DRAWING. Actually she ignored my strive on drawing. Don't recomment you to take it!
1.0 : I take her drawing course at UArts. She is the worst professor I've had so far. She expects us to do things a specific way, but doesn't say what exactly. She has no regard for the fact that some students don't have much time outside of class because of work (to you know, pay for school). If you have the choice to choose a different prof, do it.
1.0 : She is probably the worst teacher I have had at Temple. She never told us when things were due and changed the syllabus 3 different times. She expects you to be on the same page as her, even when she misses class for a week straight. I would not recommend her because she makes poetry seem more like a job than something you should enjoy.
3.0 : Well I went to her office hours very frequently. First time I went she tore my essay a new one. That is okay. You turn your essays( 3 + 1 reflection)  in at the end of the semester for the official grade anyway.  She said my essays were good. Don't expect her to tell the truth. Office hours and writing center aren't enough. Expect a surprise grade
1.5 : His lectures are very long and boring but, he is a very interesting guy. Not much work and attendance is never taken. He always tries to find a way to help keep the class entertained.
1.0 : She's a horrible teacher and even worse person. Taught nothing knew than hadn't previously learned from every other journalism required course. She's unhelpful, arrogant, and just a negative human being.
1.0 : Worst teacher ever!!!! she does not care about the students and she does not help. The 3 hour of class time is spent pitching ideals that only takes  a half  hour to do. She never gives you class time to work on your assignments  in case you need help. She is a horrible teacher do not take her. The class is not as hard as she makes it.
1.0 : Hard to understand, and very repetitive with everything that he says. Reads word for word from the power point slides, and doesn't make much sense when explaining something for a student.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. You cannot understand anything he says because his accent is so intense. His instructions are not clear at all and no one ever knew what was happening with projects and due dates and stuff. No one ever did the readings so in class, we all just stared at each other because he didn't know what to do.
1.0 : He doesn't stay on topic and is so repetitive. He replaced another professor and since he started, we've made really slow progress because he has failed to follow the original class schedule. I don't feel like I'm learning anything since so much of what he says during class is not relevant to what I actually need to know for assignments and exams.
2.0 : I'll give him some slack for having to take the class from another professor 1/3 of the way into the semester, but some of the way he explains and goes through things is like mental gymnastics. He blows through things and has awful hand writing, so if you miss what he says through his thick accent you'll have no help in looking at the board.
1.0 : I'm not exaggerating at all this is the worst class ever. Way too much work for a gen ed and the teacher is super hard to understand. don't take it
1.0 : So hard to understand him. Doesn't help at all, actually makes things more confusing when you ask for help. Reads and does examples straight from the book so class is basically a waste of time. Is a tough grader and is VERY hard to understand. Messy, unorganized handwriting. Try and get into a different section if you get stuck with him.
1.0 : I think she genuinely believes her class is the only one your taking. workload is INSANE. Don't bother bringing a laptop or even your phone to class. You wont be able to use it. Expect 2 readings of 20-30 pages each class, even if you have a paper due. She does give pop quiz sort of things on the readings.
1.0 : This professor fails students so she'll continuously have students for the next semester.  I passed  and still don't remember anything I learned.  So did I pay for a class twice to "learn" things from her that I probably already knew? Yes I did, so thank you Temple for milking me and thank you professor fox for using me to ensure job security.
2.5 : Exams are way too long in the time period given. 12-14 MC then 6-8 free response questions all with numerous parts to them. The wording for the questions are terrible. Definitely take John Paulos instead--he usually teaches the class, but this semester he didn't. She's a great person and very nice, but make the class way harder than it should be.
1.5 : Would not recommend this professor at all. Makes an introductory course a nightmare. Person below described the exam structure. Avg for the exams are 50-60%. PP slides are wordy and overly complicated. Lecture is long and she makes a LOT of mistakes when explaining the problems. She is pretty but not worth a drop in your GPA over an intro course.
2.0 : Terrible professor. She was so strict about everything and kept saying "Well this is how it is in law school." There's so much information and readings that the exams felt more like midterms. She spoke in such a condescending manner sometimes. I went in the class expecting it to be interesting, but I left not wanting to  take a class with her again
1.0 : One of the worst professors I've had at Temple. She is very rude to students making the classroom enviroment uncomfortable. She expects you to read long chapters each week most of which isn't on the test. She has 24 hour system so if you take a quiz Sunday morning and something goes wrong you get a 0 no matter what the circumstances. Do not take.
1.0 : She wastes time in class. Shes unorganized, and randomly changes assignments the night before. Do not take this if you think it will be an easy gen ed. You have to go to performances and write about them, but she is a hard grader. She does pointless activities in class. Dumbest gen ed I've ever taken!
1.0 : She's a very easy grader, but she does not teach. You mostly listen to her talk or watch random youtube videos of dancing the whole class period. If you don't mind being bored and want a good grade, take this class. Also, you have to go to four performances and write a paper on each. Papers are easy A's.
1.0 : PG is extremely unorganized and doesn't teach at all. You'll spend most of the class watching random youtube videos. You have to go to performances on Friday nights and then write papers. They were only 15 points and she was a tough grader. She did not give any insight or help. Would NOT recommend this class/professor
1.0 : You learn the most from his writing assignments. He basically tells you to research a certain economic indicator and then has you write what you learn on your own.  His tests are terrible. He is terrible at relating his lessons to the level of testing he uses. Do every extra credit assignment he gives to stand a chance.  DON'T BUY THE TEXTBOOK!
1.0 : Prof Shimura reads PPTs as lecture and claims that the book is not required. Self-learn class. Teaching method is too sloppy. Assignment requirements are vague so you don't really know what to expect. Expects students are knowledgeable professionals in the field. Lots of  extra credit to offset bad test grades which are curved. Big venture project.
1.0 : THE WORST PROFESSOR I'VE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!!! I wish he quits. Even though you follow instructions, you still get low grades with his VAGUE explanation. He hates students to compare grades. The final exam is the one that you can aim for because it's graded by department, NOT HIM. Even though your average is D, you can get C- if you pass final.
1.0 : I hated my experience in this class. I feel that Professor Malter did not do everything within his power to help his students. The course is writing intensive and requires adequate feedback. He cancelled classes and did not have office hours. I would avoid taking him for this class.
1.0 : DEFINITE CATCH-22 SITUATION: Unfortunately, this by far, was my most UNPLEASANT student experience.  His demeanor was rude, condescending, unavailable, &amp; superior.  He would solicit questions and then act irritated when they were asked. I hate to say it but if I could help another student, I would STRONGLY recommend that this professor be avoided.
1.0 : For goodness sake, she's awful. Lectures are boring and learning largely depends on the student reading long and sometimes irrelevant online readings. Never specific on what she wants for exams, far too meticulous and asks for too much in very little time. Intolerant of tardiness and lack flexibility as a professor and human being.
1.5 : Attendance is mandatory. She makes you read a ton, and doesn't do a good job explaining the readings at all. The answers she accepts during class are not good enough on the exams. 50 minutes to write 6 long, in-depth questions on each exam. Tough grader. Easy-ish pop quizzes. Totally unexperienced. Would take as a last resort.
1.5 : Do the readings because reviews arent framed around the tests. Units encompass a handful of dense readings that can conflate if not reviewed. The test may prove your knowledge too tacit as she expects explicit answers. Tho,she did give us plenty of extra-credit opportunities. Looks like Nicole Kidmans younger sister with a collection of necklaces.
5.0 : She's a new teacher but she definitely cares about her class. She's not a push over so you have to do work, but if you keep up with the readings and go to class then you'll have a good experience.
1.0 : No control over the class prof mumbled frequently and was unclear on grading criteria. Exams were 6 critical response essays in 50 minutes with extremely unhelpful study guides. Unimaginative presentation of course material taught straight from text with no original insight.  Petty and arrogant likely wrote the only good review herself. 7/10 looks
1.0 : Assigns long readings for every class and expects you to discuss it amongst each other while she mumbles pointless info. Can't lead a discussion and stands at the front of the room looking clueless. Expects direct and explicit answers but her study guides are pathetic. Clearly does not know how to teach and grades will suffer because of that.
1.0 : Prepare to learn everything you need for this class online or in the textbook. The professor barely make sense when explaining and she is incredibly hard to understand. There is a clear language barrier. You can't ask questions either because she doesn't understand and will just repeat herself with the same broken english she used to explain first.
2.0 : Instruction is straight from the slides. I have difficulty following lectures, and most people don't try. I usually doubt that she understands questions when they're asked. Assignment requirements are unclear, and projects aren't graded very quickly. She is very available, understanding, flexible and willing to discuss grades.
1.0 : Absolute worst teacher i've had to date. Lectures are terrible and boring and they never stop. You sit in and go through the same exact class every single day and there is no change, just clicking through the slides for 2 hours and leaving. All of her assignments and tests were taken from online and are not original and can easily be found.
2.0 : Nice guy but not a good professor. The class consists of a bunch of teams competing against each other in problem solving presentations and debates but not too many people at TUJ care so this places a heavy burden on the few that do care. I really didn't like the class mechanics and i had to teach myself everything, never taking his class again
1.0 : AVOID! This was by far the worst class I have taken at Temple. Compello took it upon her self to teach another class that we were all enrolled in. Depending on the section, it was twice the work. She also made Friday an online class so she could teach else where. Over 16 weeks she canceled over half of the classes and left is drowning in work.
1.0 : AVOID! Cancelled almost half of the classes but assigned work that took MORE time than we spent in class. Assignments and due dates were always unclear and if you need clarification forget about getting a prompt e-mail back, or one AT ALL. Lots of read&amp;respond, very little teaching. The amount of "knowledge" gained is not worth the trouble.
3.0 : Philip is a nice guy and easy to approach, but his lectures are debilitating, he doesn't seem to have much of a lecture plan and the material is thick. I feel that his heart may not be in teaching. Philip grades with a curve and if you put in the effort you should be okay.
1.0 : He is the worst professor in the CMT program.  If you have the chance to avoid him, do so immediately.  Horrible grader, horrible lecturer, horrible professor.
1.0 : Whatever you do, do not take this class!
1.0 : There was no structure to this class at all. She rambles the entire time about irrelevant things. Dr. Redd is very intelligent but it wasn't beneficial for the classes she's taught. She expects everyone to be a expert in the gened classes that she teaches. I strongly do not recommend taking this professor for any class. I learned nothing.
2.0 : His lectures are very confusing and the way he presents the material makes extremely difficult to understand.
1.0 : Lectures are very confusing which makes the tests even harder
1.0 : Prof Baran takes this class way too seriously for a gen ed. Reads off Powerpoints for an hour and a half. Puts questions on tests that are not anywhere on the powerpoints, study guide wasn't even helpful. He very well may be one of the worst professors I've ever taken, if not the absolute worst
2.0 : Taking her right now for Environmental Engineering. Rushes through lecture notes and example problems assuming that we know it already. Tests are tough, but she lets you have cheat sheet which makes it a bit easier. Regardless, the tests still had to be curved due to low grades. Feel like i learned more doing the HW then I ever did from her lecture
3.0 : She is very serious about science which was annoying for someone who isn't a science major. She does not remind you about homework assignments and her syllabus was almost always wrong for due dates which got confusing. She does not accept any late work either so it sucked. Lectures were long and boring. Felt like she talked forever
1.0 : Lectures were very boring, she would read directly off of her slides- and there were MANY slides. Way too serious about facts and opinions. She makes you do current event articles, meaning you write a summary of a science based article and then write an opinion, but then she basically grades your opinion. Not very organized either.
1.0 : Absolutely terrible. Completely unfair. You can immediately tell she taught high school.  She should not be teaching in a college classroom by any means.
1.0 : Tough Teacher &amp; Harsh Grader. Worst teacher in my college experience
2.0 : she gives a lot of work and she's a really tough grader I don't recommend taking her class
3.0 : I want to say it's ok. She is a strict teacher and she helps you to fix your essay well. But it is hard to get a good grade if you don't listen to her. The journal is part of homework and the every meeting she will show you what you need to do in an essay. You really learn something in her class.
3.0 : As long as you follow her directions and do work with you best ability, you'll be fine! She loves making small jokes and laughing. She was a happy professor and she wants the best for you. I enjoyed her class. If you're lazy, she may not be the for for you.
1.0 : It's hard to get high marks even if she evaluate you write good points. tooooo much journals and can't understand why this class need quize to terms words? excuse me?
1.0 : Extremely strict and not very understanding. She thinks highly of herself and belittles her students.
2.0 : won't recommend, there are better professors. Professor Elijah makes her class very difficult, she requires a lot of things to do in class whereas other professors do not require them. her quizzes are tough. tough grader. there is no doubt that she discuss and talk with students to make her class fun.
2.0 : Hard teacher for ECOLOGY which is supposed to be easy compared to the other classes students need to take. Hard exams even if you study. There are online quizzes and modules to boost your grade. If you do not need to take this class, don't take it.
1.0 : Ok, this guy was a total mess !! He's a PHD student and taught us calc 1 in summer ( first time teaching Calc 1 ) .. he spends most of the class explaining proofs !! And treats everyone as math major students ! He's quizzes are unbelievably hard , much harder than other sections .. he's nice as a person ,but horrible as a teacher
1.0 : Drop the class if you take him. The Quiz's are so so so hard. i mean the midterm are easier than his quiz's. he only teaches proofs. However hes nice guy, but not a math teacher.
1.0 : Professor Hovsepyan does not explain how to do problems, just goes over examples in class. He speaks very softly and has an accent which makes him tough to understand. He moves very quickly and is not very thorough. Quizes are suuuuuper tough and do not come from the examples he used in class. I wouldn't even recommend him if it were a last option.
2.0 : Prof. Srinivasan is a very nice lady. The fact that she is still young and inexperienced hurts her teaching ability. She sometimes goes through entire lessons without giving much reasoning behind some of the formulas and just assumes her students know.  There were times when students would completely disengage from the lesson because of this.
1.0 : she always thinks that all the students know these things before so she goes over everything very quickly. therefore, the quizzes and tests are very difficult.
2.0 : You will have to learn Common, Scientific and Family name. All three and some of the plants have multiple locations making memorizing location useless. Plants are scattered around and some out of season making identification even harder. Misspelling result in point off but not complete wrong. Quiz a challenge with constant movement.
2.0 : Professor Dimka means well but just is not a great professor. Her lectures are very boring and all she uses is powerpoint. I stopped paying attention after the midterm and did fine on the final project. Just show up to lab and beware that she will randomly take attendance.
2.0 : Dr. Dimka is a professor who loves what she teaches but has a hard time getting her message across. She is a very young and an inexperienced professor. She refuses to post her lecture slides online and FLIES through slides. She will always take time to answer questions in class but her explanations are often still very confusing.
3.0 : Show up and take notes, and you should be golden. This is a 4-credit class but I did less work for it than any of my 3-credits. Take her if you want an easy A, but you probably won't be inspired.
2.0 : I thought she went through powerpoints a little too quickly and there was a lot of powerpoint slides for each lecture, though many are just pictures. She eventually gave us extra credit even though she said she wouldn't &amp; uploaded the lecture slides after the class.
1.0 : Awful awful awful. Thinks she's funny and she's not. Doesn't know how to teach. Everyone fails her exams and she doesn't do anything to fix how she teaches the class.
2.0 : Apparently this was the first time she taught this course but it was one of the most painful courses I've taken at Temple University. She isn't great at teaching and doesn't makeup for it in any way. The only was to do well is to teach yourself the content.
3.0 : Took her for Quantitative Literacy. She's not a bad teacher but her lectures can drag on for a long time and you might zone out. Her exams aren't hard if you studied and know the basics. She also allows you to bring a little cheat sheet. She gives extra credit opportunities so take advantage of those. She's not bad but not the best.
1.0 : He is a kind professor, but is supper unorganized. You won't learn much and you have 2 assignment that are not very clear and he is not fair when it comes to grading. The class seems easy but with a poor grader you never know. Overall it was awful and I would not recommend him even though he is a nice guy.
3.0 : I really enjoyed Dr. Draine's class. It was a little confusing at times, but he's super funny and always makes it interesting. His work with mentally challenged inmates is truly inspirational. My grades were fair, delivered on time and he gave me really good feedback.
1.0 : Took a basic social statistics class which is meant for non-math people, he he made it incredibly more difficult to understand than it had to be. He reads off a PowerPoint for the entire class period and is extremely sassy. He demands you buy the textbook and says you will fail without it,but it's unnecessary. He is horrible at answering questions.
1.0 : He seemed to hate this class as much as his students did. Marcos showed virtually no interest in what he was teaching and made no effort to engage the class. Incredibly inconsistent and unreliable. Does not respond to emails. Reads directly off the power points as though its the first time he's seen it. TBH one of the worst teachers I've had at TU
1.0 : Worst professor ever taken at Temple, let alone any other learning experience. Marcos is hard to understand, doesn't seem to care about the material or the students, syllabus is not definite so he changes due dates, weight of tests, and what gets covered  whenever. Can't be held accountable. It's his way or the high way, not flexible, doesn't care.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE PROFESSOR TEJEDA!!! He does not give many assignments because he complains about having to grade work since he does not have a TA. All of your grades are based off of exams. He changes the syllabus frequently and doesn't give a clear date of exams or what material is on exams. Also, if you have any questions he doesn't answer emails.
1.0 : I could be a professor too, if I read off of someone else's slides for the course and engaged the class so minisculely, that I have yet to stay in a class after the break period, 2 weeks before the final
1.0 : this dude is whack. Do yourself a favor and avoid any of his classes.
1.0 : Ok, So Prof Crout was horrible! I took him for a night class lasting from 5:30 to 8pm for imaginary Cities!!! He taught to 8pm faithfully every class. His lingo was very hard to understand if your not a film major! Doesn't breaks things down wants you to learn everything on your own, will not explain the material. Seemed to be an easy grader tho.
5.0 : Great editing professor, grades are based on projects rather than tests. Assigns a lot of editing projects, with lots of assembly cuts, rough cuts, AND final cuts. But he gives good notes and works with you towards improving your project and grade. Strange sense of humor, very sarcastic, don't take this class if you're too sensitive.
1.0 : His classes are extremely poorly thought out, with many mistake being made in his own examples. Several times throughout the semester, he had students point out his own mistake. He would sometimes argue with them before being proven incorrect, sometimes having students come up and complete the equation to prove it. Difficult to understand as well.
1.0 : Perfect attendance and participation can only guarantee 80% of participation points - extra assignments to get to a 100%. One of these extra assignments was desribed by the professor as "stand up and teach the class". Missing one class lands you with extra work which would compare to 35% of your grade. Difficult to reach my email.
1.0 : He was my bio 2912 was professor. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
1.0 : He is terrible and will take points off everything for no reason. Avoid him if you don' want to suffer the entire semester!
1.0 : Harrington seems super inexperienced and had no command over the class. His reading assignments were plentiful and we rarely ever went over the assignments the day they were due. Homework assignments would be added the night before they were due and his grading criteria for papers was super ambiguous. Definitely would not recommend him.
3.0 : He talks a lot and the class starts to fall apart midway through the semester.  It's not a hard class just boring.  Theres just a midterm and a final paper.
1.0 : There is so much reading for this class. He isn't clear about what he wants for assignments, and has assigned homework the night before it's due. He's a pretty chill person, but he doesn't know how to teach. He is unorganized and doesn't seem  to really know what he's teaching at times.
2.0 : It didn't seem like he knew where he wanted the class discussions to go sometimes. We were always talking about 3-4 different topics at once which made class confusing. The readings are for the most part pretty interesting but he requires that you print them for every class which adds up. Not many assignments and he doesn't get grades back quick.
3.0 : Super boring dude. The topics were just way over all of the students heads. He assigned "scholarly" articles to read, but were college freshman. Needless to say we had no idea what was going on. Painful class to sit through, theres got to be better professors out there, avoid him.
2.0 : I don't even know how to describe him, worst professor I have ever had, he makes you present to class on every single assignment plus book exhibitions. Exams are hard, no study guide provided,  nothing on blackboard, so, do not  take him if you have other options.
2.0 : Branton-Desris was a new professor at Temple U. Her methods of teaching are questionable. Starting off with a fast pace, she has a high expectation that you read every chapter before attending the next class. She rarely sends out emails or responds to them. Conjugating tenses, she does a rapid-fire by snapping at students to answer. Grades hard.
1.0 : She has a good first impression but over the course of the semester seems cranky at times. Her feedback is rated zero as she seldom replies to emails. She grades tough, and is never clear on homework and deadlines. She speaks French throughout the class, so if you are not a good speaker don't take her class. I would not recommend her, EVER!!!!
1.0 : Professor Mann never answered any of my emails all semester (I've sent her at least 5). Grades are not updated throughout the semester so i may probably fail the course with two weeks left and I don't even know it or not. Dry lectures. Readings every monday or wednesday are at least 5 readings of lengthy dry articles. Terrible course &amp; professor.
1.0 : This is absolutely the worst class I've ever taken at Temple, Professor Mann is actually the worst. My class only gets a total of about 7 grades, two of which are participation &amp; attendance. There are no exams, so assignments are very heavy. The toughest grading professor in MSP. Very unclear grading criteria so it's next to impossible to get an A.
1.0 : Not only was Professor Mann the hardest grader ever, this class was so boring! She would present the same structured lecture every class, which made the class so stale. The readings she gave us were extremely boring and excessive. I would not even recommend this class to my worst enemy, lol.
2.0 : I truly did enjoy this class I felt that I learned a lot about the history of Philadelphia. Although for being a ged-ed and many students are different majors I thought his grading was tough. During his class time he tries to make it as enjoyable as he can. And tries to be funny although sometimes it can come off as sometimes weird or insensitive.
1.0 : Teaches you nothing that helps you about public speaking and their requirements for what your speeches are on put more of an emphasis on structure than speech. The structure she insists on is also 6th grade level writing, 1-3-1, with no room for personal flourish.
1.0 : This should be an online class  Teacher is robot-like Class time spent talking about current events Not helpful AT ALL
4.0 : Okay she's not horrible, but she isn't the best thing either. I thought this class was gonna be a nightmare and I actually really enjoyed it. Some of the assignments were high school level.
2.0 : Yan knows what she is doing but is a horrible teacher.  A lot of her issues are her language barrier but she is also extremely inconsistent.  No extra credit, no "extra" points (participation, etc).  She changes the rules as the course goes on and even changed our group project after she already assigned it (and we were 1.2 way done).
1.0 : imagine your worst teacher you ever had...!! multiply that by 10!!  if you're one of her favorite will pass!! she didn't give us the grades till the last week of the semester not a fair grader (Guerrilla Altruism)
1.0 : The homework takes at least an hour or two to do, she's very nice but that's honestly what gets her by because she's a horrible professor who doesn't know how to teach. She's doesn't give students enough information to solve the homework problems. Lots of self teaching involved, which is annoying bc she makes you pay $104 for an access code.
1.0 : I did not think this professor explained statistics well and will try to avoid her classes in the future. She expects her students to be very talkative in class and excited about the lectures. If you have to take her class be prepared to study a lot on your own. Also attendance  is very important in this class, even though she only shows slides.
4.0 : She's an okay professor but be prepared to do some self teaching. Also, she keeps her power points up on blackboard which is helpful.
2.0 : Couldn't understand his heavy Chinese accent, had to teach myself all the course material, did not offer time for Q&amp;A during class. He would just show up and write equations on the board and not explain them at all. Probably the hardest entry level business course you will ever take. Had to really work to even get a B. No curve. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND
2.0 : Nice guy and very knowledgeable but this doesn't make one a good professor. If there was a textbook, the course would have more consistency. Problem sets were easy grades but tests can have tricky questions. The final project was a paper but guidelines for it were vague and given last minute.
1.0 : Spring 2017 was her first time teaching in America (She is Italian, studied in UK, fairly strong accent) so some of the semester of pain might have been a learning curve/ adjustment period but all in all she's a god awful professor She can't get concepts across and gets frustrated with little class participation. Check her answers, she makes errors
1.0 : Similar to the person who commented before. This is her first time teaching in America. She is a very nice and smart person, but she is just unable to get her concepts across to her students. She reads off slides with barely any examples to help our understanding. She asks for feedback but then simply blames it on the fact that we are not prepared
1.0 : Worst professor I ever had. Pretentious, a tough grader, and we're graded by very few things. It is very easy to fail this class, but since most of all we do is watch movies, you'd never know it.
1.0 : This is the worst professor I've ever had. All we do is watch movies, yet most of our grade comes from five minutes of useless information shown to us before class. He also likes to put trick questions in the midterm and final. He's VERY pompous, smug and arrogant and admits he likes failing students! He actually SAID this! *AVOID AT ALL COSTS!*
5.0 : I enjoyed this class. Majority of your grades come from brief quizzes every other week on lectures at the beginning of class which he uploads to blackboard. I like to read over the slides before the quizzes just because we don't spend a lot of time on them in class. Tests are very straight forward, if you know the info for them you'll pass.
1.0 : This guy is a lunatic. He has no office hours and gives 5 question quizzes that can easily ruin your average. If you don't memorize everything he says you'll fail. Seriously, crazy. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS.
1.0 : Don't take this class it will ruin your GPA. Its a gen ed class and all you do is watch movies. You'd think the quizzes would be on the movies but no. They're on the 5 minute lectures he gives. Egotistical. Enjoys making everyone look stupid.
1.0 : Seems like a nice guy, just incredibly difficult course. I'm not sure if all the sections of this course are this difficult or just the film ones. It was a really hard class. Not really sure how this fulfills a global/world society requirement. Take something else if you need that GenEd requirement. Participate or your grade will suffer.
1.0 : He doesn't take his JOB seriously but I'm supposed to take this class super seriously? Ridiculous.
2.0 : If you have to take Prof. Suh, be ready for alot ALOT of confusion. She has rather broken english so class is hard to follow and assignments are hard to keep track of. Do your best and maybe you will get good grades, but no matter how hard you work class is going to be super frustrating to the point you probably will not learn anything.
1.0 : She is awful. Expects you to participate in class discussion but you won't be understand her broken English so you might as well not try
2.0 : grade comes from an online quiz every week, group project, online midterm, and online final exam. she gives a decent amount of extra credit, but you have to really know what you're doing to figure out the problems on the midterm and final. sometimes her accent is hard to understand.
1.0 : Work very hard to gain an A in her class.
1.0 : Dr. Keshner is a really nice person, she's just not cut out for teaching. If you've taken anatomy I and II you will know everything you are learning in this course. Dr. Keshner just makes the entire process more difficult, she has confused me to the point that I haven't been able to sit in lecture without pulling out my phone or laptop.
1.0 : Stay away at all costs. She is very insensitive to students and just assumes that we are all lying or cheating. Definitely was not meant to be a teacher. She's very hard to respect in class and in person, she talks down to students but then makes her lectures unnecessarily long and confusing. Just not very organized or clear on what she wants.
1.0 : This class is completely based off of memorizing classical music. If you don't love Beethoven and Mozart DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. definitely not intro level.
1.0 : Prepare to teach yourself because this guy is a horrible teacher. He is so boring that it is impossible to pay attention, and half the time he has no idea what he's talking about.
1.0 : This guy is brutal. He's obviously super smart and knows what he is talking about, the issue is he cannot teach it to save his life. Be prepared to teach yourself. His class is mostly just him tossing up formulas with no explanation. He's too smart to teach a class this simple.
1.0 : Do you enjoy death by PowerPoint? If so this is the guy for you. He is clearly a smart individual but cannot explain the topics in a simplified method that is required for this class. He has a very heavy accent that makes him hard to understand. As well as writing formulas on the board with limited to no explanation of what they mean.
1.0 : For the love of god, don't take this professor. He's a nice guy and is obviously very intelligent, but he can't teach. His PP slides are confusing at best, and he is incapable of answering questions from the class. Not to mention his exams are extremely difficult. I have a 3.72 GPA but I'll be lucky if I get a C in the class.
2.0 : She is a good professor, clear and concise as well as clear with grading policy; my complaint has to do with how she is unwilling to work with you. I work full time and it got in the way of my performance. I asked her if I flat out skipped the final would I get a B at least, she said yes after calculating it in front of me. She gave me a C -_-
1.0 : Actually one of the worst professors I've ever had throughout my time at Temple. She grades so hard even if you go to the biz comm writing center, you will still get a 70. Honestly not worth taking her because if you put in the time and effort with another professor, you'll easily get a better grade. I'm writing this half way through the semester.
2.0 : He was told by his director to use a specific textbook and he didn't. He googled every thing he gave us. He went by the his syllabus, but gave random quizzes without a review. All he did all class we read the documents he sent us ( the morning of class) , rant about his son not being able to find a job since he has a degree from Nigeria, ect.
1.0 : Did not teach anything. Rants about his experience in Nigeria but found all academic material through google and read parts of it in class. The most a student learns in the class is when they do the group project at the end of the semester. Absolutely no grading scale and refuses to explain why he gave you a low grade. Impossible to ace assignment.
2.0 : I learned a lot outside of class, on my own using Youtube. Her lectures are long and boring. The accent sometimes makes it difficult to understand, and she speaks quite slow. She reads directly from the powerpoint and doesn't deter much from it. Homework is through mymathlab, and she lets us know a week beforehand about quizes.
2.0 : Professor Nandi is an OK professor. All work is from mymathlab and she curved the exams.
1.0 : AVOID AVOID AVOID! I am a senior and I have never been so stressed about a class, let alone a gen-ed. She is a SUPER tough grader and takes the class too seriously for a gen-ed... Weekly blogs consist of constant posting bc one post in it is equal to not posting in her head... overall stressful class DO NOT TAKE!
1.0 : barely give rubrics for assignments not specific on criteria for small papers uses excessive amounts of paper posts very few things on blackboard
1.0 : Seriously take another professor if you can! He is REALLY bad! Doesnt care about his students. Hes really bad a teaching. He needs to pick another profession. If you have a question he will not answer it and will tell you to read the syllabus. Follows rules by college to the T. Tells students he has no control over your grade. Like what!?!?
1.0 : He is not a very good professor. He doesn't answer questions and only refers to the students to look over the syllabus. His instructions for assignments are not clear and penalizes for emergency absences. His structure of the class is very repetitive and do not give fair grades for assignments.
1.0 : If you miss class DO NOT expect to get a good grade. For a professor who wants you to be in every class he has missed three courses already so he would of failed his own attendance policy. He is very lecture heavy and the worst part is you do not learn anything from this lecture.
1.0 : The worst professor I have ever taken. I took the introduction to advertising with him but he grades as assignments if it were a 4000 level course. His review guides were very unclear and even studying them did not help all that much on the midterm. Take a different professor if you can!!!!
1.0 : she is the digital components teacher for our second year studio and she's awful. She was okay with us deleting hours of other students work from the shared computer lab if they weren't at the computer. She isn't teaching us what we need to do for our other portion of the class causing us to lose work time on a useless lesson. doesn't know programs
1.0 : Horrible professor, not understanding what so ever. Very specific on tests and quizzes. You will fail, do not take this professor.
2.0 : He doesn't explain the stuff well. He tries to help you out but still not enough. At times he is very rude too.
1.0 : He doesn't explain concepts well and doesn't use powerpoints, just writes all notes on the board and is very hard to follow. Doesn't explain things and is not very helpful when asking questions. Rude and seems awkward/uncomfortable speaking in front of the class.
1.0 : He seems like a smart guy, but he does not know how to explain the material to students, so the lecture is extreeeemely awkward and very useless! Takes attendance right at the start of class, so if you are more than 5 minutes late (for example due to an exam in a previous class) he still marks you late. Also, he is a very tough grader.
2.0 : Professor Reilly is an intelligent man, but he just isn't good at getting that knowledge out. He's kind of scatterbrained and you get confused at what he's teaching. No hate, but he just isn't the professor I was looking for. I feel like I could've done better in this class with a different professor.
1.0 : Sunny does not explain anything clearly or completely. She gets extremely annoyed if you miss a step during a reaction. When I asked her to clarify a portion of the lab, she snapped and accused me of not listening to her. This is not only bad for your learning- it's unsafe as students are afraid to ask about lab procedures. Labs are graded harshly.
1.0 : she is the worst TA in the department. She does not really care about the students or wether they learn anything or not, and she will give you a false information so that you would ruin your experiment. she almost ruined my lab final but I saved it when I did not listen to what she said to me. DO NOT LISTEN TO HER AND FOLLOW YOUR SENSES.
1.0 : She grades labs SO harshly and even if your answer is correct but worded differently than her rubric says, she will take points off. Extremely rude. I would take a lab in the summer before I ever took her again. Avoid at ALL COSTS!
1.0 : This was by far THE ABSOLUTE WORST course and professor I have ever take, ever. I do not recommend taking it with Yieng. DONT DO IT. You can barely understand what he says and terribly explains everything, does not know what he is doing 90% of the time. Bad direction and has given exams with no correlation to the study review. Everyone failed exams
1.0 : Nearly impossible to understand and makes no effort to help the students understand. Seems to be a nice guy with the small one on one interaction with him but just a very bad teacher.
3.0 : I took digital mapping as an online course and found it to be really easy. If you're not a math person, such as myself, this is the course to take. Charles cares about his students and will let you take extra time if needed for assignments. Semi-interesting lecture-based class with a lab or project every week.
1.0 : Took Digital Mapping with Kaylor. He is very willing to help and cares about his students, but the class is HARD. Often involves statistics, data, and web coding... There is a lot of work involved, weekly discussions and labs, 4 projects, 2 exams... The class could be interesting, but more so if you have previous experience working with maps..
1.0 : Very hard to understand and is not really clear on some of the topics that were talked about in class. Directions were too brand when it came down to group projects and when ask she made it even harder to understand what we are actually supposed to do for the project. I emailed her a couple of times about assignments and grades never responded.
