4.0 : Understanding about office hours times and late work; quick quizzes almost every week; does tend to say "this proof is easy," which can be intimidating, but he will help you out if you ask; midterm was pretty easy but the final was def. harder; very enthusiastic about math and theorems; a funny guy! HW and notes (pretty clear) in his own uploads
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had. Literally the nicest guy, cares about his students, learns all their names. Lectures are interesting (can be confusing sometimes) and he presents the material in a way that's easy to follow. Also super funny. It's Differential Geometry so obviously hard but go to office hours for help he's so approachable! LOVE STEVE
4.0 : This was a very good class aside from the readings that he assigned each week.  A class like this isn't bad if you are (1) taking all COMM classes and (2) you actually sit down and read the readings and summarize them.   I feel that since there was no textbook that he should have posted his whole lecture notes and summaries online.
5.0 : I was absolutely in love with his lectures! It's a relaxed &amp; positive environment. He makes them fun &amp; interesting with lots of visual aids. He is very friendly &amp; will answer questions throughout lecture. He knows his stuff. No "textbook," only primary sources. 2 tests, 2 papers. Tests are a blast, you get to show off what you know in a few IDs.
5.0 : Professor Jonas is great,  his lectures are like listening to a story. He does a great job about bringing different aspects of history from art, fashion, and architecture together with military history and politics into a single framework. He assigns quite a few readings but coming to lecture is the most important part of the class.
4.5 : I've taken 2 of his classes (422 and 303) and he's amazing. Great lecturer, super nice, grades reasonably erring on the side of generous. His exams are legitimately fun, which I can't say about many professors. He has like this entourage of old people (access students?) who love him so much they take every class he offers. 1010.
4.0 : Professor Jonas is fantastic! He did a really great job incorporating technology (maps, art, etc) into his lectures. It was seamless. You absolutely have to go to most lectures to pass, because the outlines aren't specific enough to study off of by themselves. Lots of reading assigned, but you don't really need to do all of it to pass.
4.5 : Raymond Jonas creates a fantastic atmosphere of learning. He incorporates a lot of very helpful visual aids into his great lectures. He has a vast knowledge about his subject, is very helpful and has straightforward expectations. Must go to class. One of the best at UW.
5.0 : Prof. Jonas definitely knows his stuff and is respected in the field. Being attentive in class will help you. Drawing connections and looking for patterns on your own will help you. He assigns a book to read every week or two, but at least a few people were able to get by without reading them. It will help to at least know what's in them, though.
4.0 : Prof Jonas is really passionate about French history and it shows. His lectures might be a little long but they are very compelling, and he presents it in a way so that it is very eas y to understand the nonlinearity of historical events/themes. Only some of the readings are essential to passing. Easy A if you love history or are good at writing.
4.0 : French Revolution and Napoleon. Really helpful. It's in your best interest to show up to class, that's for sure. As long as you study your ass off for the exams, you should be totally fine. Professor is subjectively handsome enough. Be sure to ask specific questions about assignments, or else you might be shooting in the dark. Plenty reading to do.
5.0 : I loved Professor Swanson's intro to geology class! His enthusiasm made lectures interesting and the extra credit made up for the sometimes confusing labs.
5.0 : Terry is extremely helpful, offers lots of extra credit. His class was pretty easy, but he found a way to make it fun. Enjoyed it, take this professor at UW
5.0 : Very awesome. He talks super fast, and sadly his handwriting is the worst I've ever seen; but he is the one if u want to learn sth for real. Extra credits, field trips,clue, review sessions... this class has been fun. Terry is really PASSIONATE
5.0 : Terry is one of my favorite professors! He is always there to help. The content can be a little bit hard to remember and not easy but he offers a lot of extra credits opportunities. I have never skipped a single class and I got a 4.0! Strongly recommend his class!
5.0 : Dr. Swanson is an awesome professor.  I've taken 2 of the 3 classes he teaches and have learned so much about the Geology of the PNW as well as been able to learn how I can put the class to use in a practical sense upon graduation.
4.0 : Great teacher. The class can be boring, but I've never seen someone get that excited about rocks. He can go on and get distracted by tangents, but if you go to class and listen, you'll really learn a lot. Will actually teach you something worthwhile, but probably won't change your life. Is a great, caring teacher though.
4.0 : Really nice professor and clearly very passionate geology. Thought this class would be easier than it is and I attend lecture every day as well as tutorial. This will be a hard class if you aren't interested in geology. Lectures can be boring but Terry is very loud and energetic. Watch the lectures, get extra credit on field trips, study slides.
5.0 : Terry seriously cares so much about whether or not you learn. If you're actually willing to put effort in, anyone can get an an A or B, but not because the material is super easy. You do need to study and take advantage of extra credit. Ultimately Terry is really sweet and will bend over backwards to help his students!
5.0 : This guy is a legend. Terry is D1 bound when it comes to teaching rocks for jocks. I wish I didn't take this class already, so I could take it again.
4.5 : Really nice Professor! Recommend his classes!
5.0 : Terry was so fun to listen to and it was honestly a really interesting class. He is really enthusiastic about rocks!
4.0 : Terry Swanson is the GOAT. The first day of class I thought I'd be screwed b/c the lecture was confusing but as you go on into the quarter it gets easier and if you go to his office hours he'll be helpful. He's super caring, enthusiastic, and funny. There's also a lot of extra credit opportunities. It's a relatively easy NW credit.
5.0 : Terry is a great person. His lectures can be a bit confusing bc he's so knowledgable about the material that he talks about technical terms or concepts we haven't been taught yet. However, he's so enthusiastic and puts in so much effort that if you just try to keep up you'll be fine.  Always says bless you when someone sneezes. so pure
5.0 : Terry is such an amazing, kind-hearted professor - he's always there to help students, and is truly passionate about his subject. He values hard work over grades, and he values honesty and character in a person more than a GPA. His values were refreshing from a professor. For his class, it's not an easy 4.0, but definitely 3.6+.
5.0 : Terry was awesome. While it's mostly just rocks, he made the course that much more enjoyable. As long as you study his slides you should be able to get a 4.0 in this class. He gives bonus points through: his midterm and final (5 bonus questions), lectures, field trips, movies and optional lectures on Fridays. Labs were confusing.
5.0 : One of the best professors at the UW. Super enthusiastic about the material and cares about his students, really nice guy. Tests are fairly hard, don't think because it's Rocks for Jocks that you'll be able to skate by. Put in the work, do the extra credit and you'll learn a lot and get a good grade doing so.
4.5 : Terry is amazing. He is affable and enthusiastic. Although the material can be boring and difficult to digest if you do not have any interest in geology, and you need to take the time to go over the lecture presentation, he gives out A LOT of extra credit for going to field trips and some during the lectures.
5.0 : Generally easy to get a good grade.
5.0 : Terry is the, not one of, but THE nicest professor I've ever taken. He truly genuinely cares about his students and more importantly, his topic. He does so many things above and beyond, for example he strayed away from the general Uni grading scale just to add a bunch of EC field trips, movies, and out of class activities. Great guy.
5.0 : Super easy class, all the tests are online and exactly the same as the ones you're given. Plus the Swanson is so hyped about rocks and geology its insane, makes me want to go out a look at the basalt!
5.0 : i love the field trips!!!!
1.5 : No longer the "rocks for jocks" class that I thought it was. Even if you go to class and study the material the tests still have trick questions. Test files won't get you very far, except with the labs.
5.0 : Terry is a GREAT professor, it makes it really clear what is going to be on the tests. He is very passionate about geology which keeps the class interesting, and he also has alot of extra credit opportunities. He actually cares about his students! He doesn't want to trick you in any way. Definitely my favorite professor and by FAR the NICEST!! (:
5.0 : Terry Swanson is the kindest professor you will ever have. Not only has he been teaching ESS101 for decades, he still loves teaching it, and he wants to see you succeed. Go to class, go on field trips, go to movie nights, learn how to look at rocks with just a fraction of the joy in your eyes that you see in his, and you will get an easy 4.0
3.0 : Replies to emails, very passionate lecturer, and provides lots of opportunites. Most courses in UW (and most universities) are difficult if you are not prepared for college from high school, like CHEM 142, CSE 142, PHYS 121, ECON. Even if you are behind several weeks, you can still catchup and pass the class. Test files help, but can be a crutch.
5.0 : He is soooo enthusiastic, kind and inspirational. Strongly recommend.
3.5 : Terry is unbelievably passionate about geology. He offers a ton of extra credit &amp; if you are able to take advantage of them it's awesome and you'll do well. I didn't find his lectures that helpful and ended up looking at his power points after class &amp; researching what I didn't understand.
4.0 : First thing I should say about this class is that I never went and still got a 3.0.  However, the only aspect I liked was the grading system.  Though Terry is a great professor, the class is too boring for it to matter.  Even when I did go, I didn't pay attention.  Extra credit opportunities, hard material, easy grading.  You be the judge.
5.0 : Terry Swanson is an absolute legend. This man has taught ESS 101 for the last twenty-something years and still absolutely loves teaching it. Hands down one of the best professors I've had at UW. Study for the two tests and use test files for the labs and this class is not a problem.
4.0 : Lecture was so boring, often fell asleep. That said, I didn't do very well on the exams. He also doesn't record the lectures which sucks. But he is nice and really seems interested in geology. I never went on one of the 10 field trips he offered for extra credit. Labs were interesting and I had a great TA. But I wouldn't say this class is an easy A
5.0 : Love Terry!
4.0 : This class isn't an easy A unless you have past exams to study off of, since he recycles most all of the exam questions. Labs are easy and if you take advantage of all the extra credit, you'll do well. I tended to learn more from his tutorial sessions than I did during lectures. However, Terry is one of the most passionate Professors I've had!
5.0 : Terry is the best professor I've had so far. He's enthusiastic, nice and humorous. He would have a lot of extra credits assignments for students. And the fairness of availability of trips is guaranteed. Easy to get a good grade. He's the best.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever taken. He is so passionate about his work, it shows in his lecture, never boring.  Attendance isn't mandatory but I would recommend going to class or you'll miss out on exam questions.  Many of his exams questions are stuff he mentioned in class that not on his lecture slides.  Great class!
2.5 : He is the nicest guy but you must be very interested in rocks to make this curse interesting. Literally ALL about rocks.
4.5 : Terry is an awesome professor! He always tries to make lectures more interesting and interactive and always willing to help or just to talk after lectures. He gives a LOT of extra credit opportunities, don't miss field trips! They can significantly boost your GPA! And he usually gives extra credit questions during the lectures!
3.5 : Good professor anyway. Great passion in teaching.
4.5 : Terry is so passionate in Geology and I feel like changing major after attending his class.
3.5 : Terry is amazingly passionate about his work. He keeps his lectures interesting and engaging and if you ever have any troubles in class it is easy to come up to him and he is more than willing to help you achieve more credit for a better grade. Everything on the two tests are from lecturepowerpoint slides so it was easy to study for!
5.0 : Terry is the man. ESS 101 with him is awesome. He will do anything to help you pass the class, but you shouldn't have trouble with that because he gives extra credit a few times a week. Labs don't take the full two hours, but they are long and annoying. If you don't go to lecture, don't worry because each class is recorded and put online.
5.0 : Terry was one of my favorite teachers at UW. He gives an absurd amount of extra credit, so getting anything less than a 4.0 is almost disappointing. He makes your grade out of 400 points (your number of points divided by 100 is your grade in the class) and I finished the class with around 450/400 points. Take this class as a GPA boost and for fun
5.0 : Such a nice guy
5.0 : Terry is awesome. Super clear instruction (though some concepts are hard). You can see his passion in geology in lecture (he sometimes got too exited so basically he was yelling at the front row). Post lecture slides and review materials online. Lots of extra credits. Exam based on lecture slides. Give bonus questions in exams.
1.0 : Thought the class was going to be easy. He didn't teach anything so if you don't have test files do not take this class. Annoying voice.
4.0 : Best professor I've had so far. His lectures are great and interesting. You can really tell he has a lot of passion when it comes to Geology. He also gives a TON of extra credit. From field trips, to even just being in class and listening to a presentation, you get extra credit. Labs can get a little confusing, but he posts pre-lab vids. EASY 4.0!!
4.0 : He is great! Really enthusiastic and genuinely cares about every student.
5.0 : Terry is a fantastic professor. He is v passionate about his work and science in general. The class is extremely lecture heavy, but Terry brings lots of energy.  Sit in the back row otherwise he'll break your eardrums.  You don't have to go to class but you get points for attendance. He offers lots of extra credit opportunities too.
5.0 : Gill is the best professor I've ever had, hands-down.  Definitely leans in a classically liberal direction along that of Hayek, which is unusual for UW.  Clearly distilled concepts with solid examples.  If you know the concepts from class and the readings, you shouldn't have too much trouble passing his tests.  Lectures are interesting and fun.
3.5 : Prof Gill is really funny and kind of ridiculous. He is straightforward in lecture as long as you can figure out the relevance of his analogies. Easy weekly homework assignments and very straightforward midterm and final. Must do the reading! Tests are in class, written, and you need information directly from books and lecture.
5.0 : Very entertaining class and a great professor! A lot of reading is involved, but it's definitely worth it. I feel like I learned a lot from him and will be looking to take all of the other classes he offers. Class is NEVER boring with Gill.
3.0 : Definitely not my favorite professor. Demeaning in my opinion, and treats class like a 3rd grade level. Lots of people like him, but wasn't my style. Tries to hard to teach, and be a cowboy.
4.5 : Professor Gill is an amazing professor! His lectures are engaging, and he is very funny. Course material was interesting (connecting economics to religion). Quite a lot of reading, but with his reading guides he posts on Canvas, it is manageable. The midterm and final is very straightforward, and it is not out to get you. Overall, would recommend!
4.5 : Gill is a very entertaining and fun professor. He makes his concepts interesting when they could easily be dry and chooses textbooks that are easy and genuinely a good read. He is also a lenient grader so there is a good chance you will end up with a pretty good grade if you put in the effort.
4.5 : Professor Gill is one of the best professors I have had at UW. The reading was reasonable, and he gives several examples of concepts through skits and creative explanations that are hard to forget. The test are very straight-forward as long as you go to class and section. Gill is very passionate about what he teaches.
3.5 : Charismatic if unclear (at times), Anthony Gill makes a tough and relevant subject interesting and relocatable to students
5.0 : Best professor I've had at the UW, would definitely recommend! Lots of reading but you only need to understand the concepts and key points.
4.0 : One of the more unique classes I've taken, political economy 270 is either a love or hate class. Gill is an avid lecturer and his lecturesreadings are unique yet interesting at the same time.  Gill teaches from a very liberal point of view, if you agree with him you will enjoy this class. Pretty straightfoward tests with simple weekly assignments.
4.0 : Prof. Gill obviously cared about the material and the amount that his students learned. However, he spent a lot of time going off on tangents and  examples rather than the actual material. The class  has a clear libertarian bias which seems to be taken too far at some points. With an average amount of work, you should have no problem doing well.
2.0 : Though he provides study guides, it's hard to take notes off of the readings and lectures. Both are hard to follow because of lame jokes and stories instead of concrete facts and explanations. Nothing is straight forward. If this class isn't required for your major, don't take it.
4.5 : He really cares about what he is teaching and whether or not the students understand it. He's a very engaging professor and highly recommend taking his class. He is also very helpful if you go to office hours.
2.5 : Spends most of lecture making jokes about obscure things (Jack Black, Wood Carvings, Carnivals) and less time actually relating the stuff to political economy. Will give a clear definition and then spend 20 minutes going into a convoluted example that leaves you confused at the end of it. Incredibly biased!
5.0 : I've taken 204, 270, and 307 with Gill, and 270 was my favorite. He's a great professor who is clear and makes great explanations and connections with the material. 307 is the most challenging, since the readings are a little more challenging than in 204 or 270. Overall, great professor - highly recommend taking a class from him!
5.0 : I had him for the EFS class, and he was great.  Its a lot of reading but the tests are straighforward- there are no surprises.  Not an easy class, but I wouldn't call it hard.  He's nice, funny, and understanding.  He is so interested in what he teaches and that makes him a great prof.  Just get ready to read, but his class is interesting.
5.0 : Took this class for early fall start. It was amazing and I would suggest incoming freshman take it! Not too difficult and very relevant to everyone's daily lives.
4.5 : Always a lot of reading but, after taking 2 classes (307 and 280) from Gill, I would definitely recommend him to anyway. He always gives clear explanations with multiple examples. His tests are straight forward and he never tries to "trick" you. The large amount of reading is the only downfall but, most of the books are fairly interesting
4.0 : Although a bit annoying, his lectures are very helpful and clearly lays out what is needed in order to do well
5.0 : Just took his EFS class and loved it.  Great professor with very straightforward tests.  Super interesting lecturer and he really cares about his topic.  Do the readings and pay attention in lectures and this class is easy.
4.5 : I liked Prof Gill's teaching style; he is super organized, clear, and his lectures are always entertaining. However, he is biased, and consequently, all of his materials are as well. He can be condescending, and makes it a point in his lectures (read: tangents). I differ from him politically, but still got a lot of value from his course.
5.0 : Professor Gill's classes are somewhere between stand-up comedy and a TED talk. Even if you disagree with his politics, he's a good professor and you'll still enjoy the class.
4.0 : Loved the class. Not so sure about Gill. My TA is really what is making it worth it for me. Doing the study guides is really what will get you a good grade. He makes zero effort to hide his political views, which is annoying, but it doesn't really impact his teaching. If you do the work, the class is not too bad though.
2.0 : Professor Gill rants for a long time about scenarios that have no relation to the class. He uses outdated political economy examples that he has used for years. Not once has he tried to apply basic concepts to the present world, a time that is very interesting for political economy. His jokes are not funny either!
5.0 : I loved this class! His lectures were engaging and he really cares about his students. It's difficult to study for exams if you don't read the books or attend lectures though.
1.0 : If you're looking to learn about politics get out while you can- this class is primarily econ. The professor is incredibly arrogant but lacks basic historical knowledge and teaching skills- his lectures only left me confused. He also has a hard time keeping his own political views out of the content, and often tried to pass off opinions for facts.
4.0 : Gill is funny and watching lectures are like watching a National Geographic documentary as in it is fascinating and educational. But there's a lot of essential reading plus the class doesn't actually cover politics like I hoped. But the class is irreplaceable in a way. Only a few people study this. Google economics of religion to test the waters.
4.0 : Lisa is fabulous. She won't give you the answers, but she will give you the tools to get there. She is compassionate and willing to listen
3.0 : Well,She is a good speaker, but for the international students, she is not a good choice. She speaks toooooo fast, even in the video you cannot understand her. No notes or any devices on her class. And she makes us read a lot, her test I think it is hard for me, even I studied, but the score is not good.
5.0 : She is so wonderful and helpful.  I loved her class.
5.0 : She is only of the most inspirational professors ever! The lectures were interesting and fun! There were a lot of long readings, but most of them are also very interesting! Overall, I really enjoyed taking this class with Dr. Coutu! It must be my most favorite class in UW so far.
5.0 : This class was one of the most amazing classes I think I will ever take. Coutu cared a lot about the material and was funny, making it really easy to stay interested during lecture. The reading material came from the New Yorker, which was cool, however if you didn't read before class you were pretty screwed. Tests were easy paid attention in class
5.0 : She is enthusiastic about her materials and she definitely knows them really well. Although she speaks fast, it is understandable if you go back to panopto and slower the video. Read all the readings and study your note from class, it's an easy A. Although she has lots to say in lectures, exams are relatively easy! I LOVE her class!
5.0 : Dr. Coutu is amazing. She was inspiring, funny and very clearly passionate about communication. Lectures were genuinely interesting and while some people might find her strict, I think that other professors should follow her lead in not allowing technology during lecture because I learned much more without it.
5.0 : Dr. Coutu is a great professor and makes time for students and isn't in the business of tricking you. You will need to attend lecture and the lectures are worth going to honestly. She also uses panopto though. And there's no reason you shouldn't pass this class.
4.5 : Bonus is my dude. He's funny, goes at a nice pace, and provides great insight and really wants you to succeed. At times can be unorganized and dramatic, but you'll notice that's just how his brain works. The AES 340 class opened my eyes so much about education in the United States.
2.0 : Seriously. Avoid Professor Bonus to save your GPA. Bonus can, and will wreck your GPA. Quizzes are graded unfairly, and you have to do 200 pages + reading and quizzed on it closed book. Content is very interesting tho. NOT AN EASY 4.0. DO NOT TRUST THE COURSE EVALUATION CATALOG !!!!!!!!!!!!
4.0 : Class had pretty interesting content and Bonus adds a lot to it with his sense of humor.  Sometimes he lets you know beforehand about quizzes but not always, they are usually partner or group quizzes, only a couple of them weren't.  You have to post weekly on a forum about the weeks class content which is super easy and there is A TON of extra cred
3.0 : Bonus is good at what he does. Overall, there are times where he goes fast during lectures, but gives A LOT of Extra Credit!!! class work relatively easy if you get good notes. You'll pretty much get all the info needed for midterms and final. T.A.'s may be a pain (depending on which one you get). But worth the infromation
4.0 : I've taken classes with Professor Bonus twice as of now and he's really a great guy. He goes kind of fast and will improvise off of slides, but the content of his lectures is really good and gets you thinking. He jokes around and that livens up the class, and with that alongside hard hitting content, his classes are fun to take.
1.0 : No organization whatsoever in this class. No slides posted online and expects you to read 200 pages and come up ready for a closed book pop quiz. Tough grader and will grade you down for no reasons. Horrible teacher and not suited to teach in this professional environment.
4.0 : I agree that he's disorganized and improvises his lectures based on what students want (which is unfair, since some students don't take it seriously anyway). But he's passionate about what he's teaching and I learned a lot from taking both of his classes.
5.0 : Readings for every class, canvas posts weekly, two textbooksone autobio/novel/social history and one on Filipino studies. One midterm, a final project and short final paper. The material was enticing and eye opening for a rarely discussed ethnicity and its history. Make sure to do the readings and come to class or you will be lost.
4.0 : Professor Bonus is a little hard to get used to at first. He can be a tad disorganized at times and some things were assigned with unclear or unspecific instructions. However, he is very passionate about the material and is highly knowledgeable about the topics. Be ready to do at least 2 or 3 readings before class. Watch out for the quizzes. Study!
4.5 : I  consider myself lucky having taken this course with professor Kot. He is such an amazing mathematician and teacher. He is so much into what he is doing to the extent that he transfers to us, as students, not only his way of thinking, but also the way he feels about the topic. One of the best professors. I am a PhD, and I found my role model :)
4.0 : What a professor.  No professor I've heard of has reimbursed his students the royalties from buying his textbook.  That showed from day 1 that his students come before his ego. If you can't get the assignments in on time, be sure to communicate early - he will work with you if you talk to him about your schedule and genuinely put in effort.
5.0 : Awesome teacher with good explanations.  He really goes out of his way to help you learn and is a nice reasonable person.  However he is not the least bit hesitant to make thing challenging so don't expect it to be easy.
5.0 : Professor Kot is probably the best professor I've had so far at UW! He's very clear and helpful. HWs challenging, but if you pay attention and read the notes you'll be fine. Tests are nothing surprising. The HWs make good practice for the tests. He has these really cheesy jokes but you can't help but laugh.
5.0 : Fantastic instructor! Professor Kot is always full of energy, and has a few corny math jokes up his sleeves. He explains the material very well, and made the subject my favorite of the quarter. Wish he were teaching the next few classes I need.
4.5 : One of the nicest professors in the school. Cares if you you care, and he won't fail unless you really deserve it.
4.0 : Overall, a very solid professor. He was funny and very clear in his lectures and it was a pleasure to listen to him. His tests are definitely tough but manageable if you pay attention and put the work in.
5.0 : Again, another class where the grade is based on 2 midterms (1 part each), a final (2 parts), and homework (1 part), wherein you can drop the lowest part. He is a great teacher, who is more than willing to meet outside of class if you have questions and responds quickly to e-mails. Be sure to go to class and take notes and/or read the book. :)
4.0 : Awesome guy. Charmingly British. His lectures are good, but can be a little disorganized. Tests are tough; be prepared to memorize a page of equations. But he's very friendly and helpful.
5.0 : Dr. Bube is really clear in his handwriting, and he gives good explanation for conception, these are both important in online course, and he did it extremely well. He also gave quick reply to the questions posted on discussion board. He's the best instructor I've ever met!
5.0 : Best math prof at UW I've ever had! If only all math profs were like this, he is so nice and carefully explains everything. I took his online course and the lectures were fantastically detailed and helpful beyond comparison, especially when I could re watch as many times as needed. I miss this guy so much, I really cannot survive math without him.
3.5 : If I were to take math 125 again I would not take it online. The class was very challenging, but Mr. Bube is always there for his students during office hours. The textbook was not necessary.
5.0 : In my opinion his lectures were boring. However when I went to his office hour he was super warm and welcoming. Clearly passionate about his students learning. He is a great guy, but the class is a little boring, and the lectures didn't have double speed, which was one of the reasons I took the class online. He is super helpful, in office hours.
5.0 : This is the first professor I met at UW and the best one as well. Super responsible and fast e-mail responses. In-class instruction is clear and helpful. UW should treasure such a great professor
5.0 : He's the best teacher ever for online math. I thought I wouldn't enjoy taking online math. He always replied questions or problems through Piazza fast enough. He's really helpful with answering problems.
4.5 : Amazing teacher. I really like how kind and concise he is - really easy to follow in his lectures. He goes to the bare bone of everything and tries to dissect a topic from the inside out, so take him and be persistent in doing practice problems. You will succeed with Kenny. He loves to help, so always ask questions, and visit office hours! :)
4.0 : Bube's lecture videos are very clear. He is overall, a good professor. I never went in for office hours, but he seems like a nice person. However, his midterms are not easy if you don't have access to his past midterms. He basically recycles midterms with different numbers. Access to midterms can be are available at StudySoup.
5.0 : If possible, I would take all my math classes from him. Very approachable and patient in office hours and truly wants you to succeed. Quick to answer student questions on online discussion board (unique to online classes). Lectures are very helpful and set you up to do well on tests. One of the easier Math 125 professors, would highly recommend!
4.0 : Great class!
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I've had so far. Extremely nice &amp; is willing to help when he can. Gives out a ton of extra credit &amp; his lectures (though I took this class online) were somewhat length but never longer than an hour &amp; a half. Would highly recommend taking math 125 online with him! Easily 4.0 the class
4.5 : Probably the best math 125 instructor at UW. Don't let the fact that this is an online class scare you away because his online lectures are detailed and he explains things much better than most in class lecturers I've had. His midterms are fair and easy if you watch lectures and understand the hw. He's replies fast to hw questions which is nice.
5.0 : He's a great teacher. He explains things clearly. I wish I can take his classes next quarter again!
5.0 : One of the best professors I met in UW. His lectures are clear and tests are not so tough. If you need extra help, he is always there for you.
4.5 : He's very excited about calculus, and encourages further investigation if your interested in certain problems and theorems. He puts in a lot of effort to make sure you're on the right path, like giving you his notes on integration techniques, as well as squeezing in another example problem in class. Coursework is still a pain, but he's a good man.
4.5 : Online math is hard, since math is often very getting-help reliant, but Bube makes it easier.  Very clear notes and good organization.  He's a good professor, and if you have to take online math as a last resort, go ahead and take it with him.  Even if it's online math, still take it.
5.0 : Probably one of the best math professors at the UW. While other professors try to fail you so they can laugh, Bube tries to help you understand math. His midterms are very reasonable and doable if you study. If more professors were like him, I would reconsider leaving the UW
5.0 : He was the best math professor I have every had a chance to work with! I would actually recommend people to take the online section for MATH 125 if he is teaching. His notes are extremely well-organized and he provides help in a very quick and clear way.  Tests are not so bad because he prepares you for them well.
4.0 : One of the nicest guys ever. His lectures can be complicated but you can always get help. His quizzes are easy. But his first midterm is notoriously more diffcicult compared to others in the dept and then he tones it down for the second midterm. With the common final it is hard to make up the grade. Also he does numerical grading, so no curve.
5.0 : I would recommend all my friends to take his math class. Even though this is an online class but he made video exactly same as in-class lecture. He explained the matrerials very well and if he's the most helpful professor in office hour i have ever met. if he teach all the calculus theory I would take all of his classes.
3.0 : He is alright... UW just doesn't have a really good prof. for MATH 125 in general...
4.0 : Great class! Definitely one of the best professors at Foster. He keeps the lectures interesting and relevant. The course work is challenging, and there's a lot, but it's all useful and interesting stuff. Course layout: consumer psych exam within first 2/3 weeks of class, several cases, and a big brand audit paper/presentation.
5.0 : Great professor who knows the material very well. Very clear in delivering material. If you show up, pay attention, read and do the homework you will do very well. One of the best professors at University of Washington.
5.0 : Ron is a great instructor at UW Bothell, he is enthusiastic about the course material and always helpful. As long as you do your homework and utilize the exam study guide, then you'll perform very well in his class. The case studies were a good opportunity to practice your accounting skills and learn about real world examples. Overall,Ron is great!
5.0 : Ron is the man. The best professor I've had at UW Bothell and a genuinely kind person. He can be a tough test grader, but never unreasonable. He's always willing to help outside of class, always sharing good opportunities for careers in the accounting world. Ron loves accounting and made me love it too. Study hard, read, and go to class.
5.0 : Best accountingmath professor.  Funny, interesting lectures.  Very helpful with homework.  Tests are tough but fair.
5.0 : He's the best accounting prof I've ever had. He's very friendly helpful and caring about students. And he loves Costco so much. His exams are heavy but if you read textbooks/slides and study well it's possible to get A for this class. Homework is a lot and sometimes it is hard but he explains it in class. Must take his class!:)
5.0 : Best teacher I've had in my college career. You show up and pay attention and you will get a good grasp of the material. If you have the opportunity to take Ron's class, do it, you will not regret it.
5.0 : Ron is extremely knowledgeable in the field of accounting. He is a caring professor and teaches accounting with enthusiasm. His tests and grading criteria aren't unreasonable, but you need to spend time and effort to get good grades. I really enjoy his teaching style, he is always helpful to students. Please do yourself a favor and take his course.
5.0 : Ron's the man, very helpful, receptive to feedback, will clarify anything, has great business experience, educates through personal experience, SHOWS how problems/issues are worked out . . . overall best professor at UWB
5.0 : He is amazing. I took 2 accounting classes with him and he made everything look so easy because he always shows examples on the board.  Tests are hard, but if you go to class and pay attention, you will do well.
5.0 : Great lectures. He cares about students learning. He shares his business experiences in his lectures in helpful and interesting ways.  Homework is reasonable and helpful for success in class.
5.0 : Very nice person who knows how to teach! I would take all my classes with Ron. He has an amazing teaching style. He solves all possible problems, and always ready to help. Ron is an example of a perfect university professor. His tests are not easy but he teaches you very well and you are prepared to pass these tests successfully.
5.0 : class was not hard with this professor because the exams were mirrors of the homework and the study guide. To succeed, ask questions, do homework, read the book or use power points and do the study guide. The case studies were easy as well.
5.0 : Best college professor I've ever had. Show up, try, and pay attention and you will succeed! Need anymore be said?
5.0 : He is one of the best professors at UW. His tests are hard, but if you do the homework and pay attention in class, you will get a good grade. Everyone else at UW should have been like him.
5.0 : Honestly one of the best professors I've ever had.  She knows her stuff.  She doesn't give you any more information than you'll need to know and she'll stop you if you're trying to understand something that's not necessary for the test.  She's enthusiastic and was a large part of the success in that class
5.0 : Despite getting a 3.8 in 180, I left knowing nothing. I dreaded 200, but to my surprise Dr. Schivell's lectures were really engaging and organized. She has very clear expectations for what you do and don't need to know for exams. There's a lot of reading, but that's true for all bio classes. Overall, I loved this class! I wish she taught 220 :/
5.0 : One of the best teachers and classes I have had. It was fun to have a break from heavily science concentrated classes and look at biological/tech advances from another lens. Mandy was passionate and organized, class was fun (didn't look at the clock!), and expectations were very clear. Just do the work and enjoy!
1.0 : An uninspiring professor. Overall a terrible lecturer and drags students down. If I had to take this class again, I would try and do everything to not take it with her.
5.0 : I love Mandy, she is an awesome person and professor and I feel lucky that I was able to take so many classes with her. She is always there to help when you need it and genuinely cares about her students. Her classes are pretty engaging, I like I her teaching style and her exams are easy as long as you pay attention in class.
4.0 : Pretty easy class. All memorization. Class became a little disorganized after the first midterm. The way she phrases questions is sometimes confusing. Other than that, it's a good class.
1.0 : Terrible lecture notes, useless inclass worksheets, doesn't give enough time for clicker questions. You have to BUY her lecture notes (even though you're paying tuition to take her class) SAVE YOURSELF
1.0 : THE MOST AWFUL TEACHER FOR THE BIOL 200 CLASS. SERIOUSLY IF YOU HAVE A CHANCE, PICK ANOTHER TEACHER!!!! IM SERIOUS I AM NOT OVERREACTING I AM A NORMAL STUDENT LET ME HELP YOU OUT. DONT TAKE THIS TEACHER AT ALL. SHE IS AWFUL!!
4.5 : I believe Dr. Schivell was an excellent teacher. She does ask questions that sometimes seem far-fetched but usually they are only clicker questions so that you can learn from them. She really seemed to genuinely care that all her students learned and always has a positive uplifting nature to her.
4.5 : She's still getting used to notes on her iPad, but I enjoyed how interactive she was with the class and how hard she worked to make sure that people understood the material. Tests and quizzes were challenging, but if you are passionate about the subject then you should be fine.
5.0 : She is hands down the BEST PROFESSOR i've ever worked with at UW. I've taken many biology classes, and this class wasn't even in my field of interest per se, but WOW. she is SO compassionate, caring, funny, inspirational, just an amazing person and a teacher. She isn't just another professor. She will leave impact in your college career. TAKE HER!
2.5 : She's a bad lecturer. Doesn't pre-make her slides, she has to write everything down as she says it, makes it tough to write notes, especially if there's no screen space and she crams stuff in. Clicker questions and reading quizzes are filled with trick questions. Lectures don't match the reading. Doesn't set you up for success. Had a 3.8 in BIOL180
1.0 : Horrible lecturer. Super hard to follow and is boring on top of it. Went from a 3.6 in 180 to a 2.0 in 200 and then back up to a 3.5 in 220. MCD is even my major now and I feel like she did not set me up for success in my harder molecular/cellular classes.
4.0 : Really fun Biology class! Lectures keep you engaged the whole way through, so time flies :) I personally preferred the material over Biol 180, and Professor Schivell provides an excellent introduction to key biology concepts in this class. You can really feel that the UW Biology department is invested in good teachers.
5.0 : I loved taking this class with Mandy! She is a really clear lecturer and her classes were engaging. She wrote on her slides in class, which is slightly annoying because her handwriting is kind of messy, but it is easy to follow along. Clicker questions were really easy. Labs were really fun also.
5.0 : Dr. Schivell knows what she is doing. Her class is one of my favorite of the bio series because of how well she covers the topics. She also helps you prepare for the midterms and finals by releasing a "preview" of some of the material that will be on the test like pictures or graphs. Very good professor.
3.0 : This is such a weed out class, it's ridiculous. Schivell is actually an amazing teacher and you will learn tons, but that doesn't mean you will do well in the class. Tests cover ALL hypotheticals like mutations and such that are never covered in class. After a reasonable 1st quiz they purposely made all tests extremely hard to have less high scores
2.0 : I should have waited next quarter to take this class with another professor. This class was very hard to keep up with especially because her notes are very messy and difficult to read. Also, her voice gets to be annoying after a while. However, she is very knowledgable about biology and is certainly passionate to teach it.
5.0 : I'm not sure why so many people dislike Dr. Mandy. I thought her class was awesome! The class definitely requires a decent amount of studying and reading but it's totally doable. I found her lectures to be very helpful (just a bit messy) and re-watching via Panopto is helpful when studying/reviewing. Dr. Many is also super smart and nice!
3.5 : So funny and cheerful! She clearly loves teaching biology and she makes every effort to help students learn, which is a rare thing amongst UW STEM professors. Note that you should come to lecture as often as you can, since she usually does clicker questions.
5.0 : By far the best professor I've ever had in UW. An absolute genius with an extremely welcoming attitude towards his student. Very helpful both in and out of class. Great sense of humor. Recommend++!
4.5 : Boss
5.0 : Best maths professor at UW, easily.  Pros: Clear, focused, organized lectures. Doesn't stray far from the book. You know exactly what to expect on the tests if you go to his review day. The theoremsdef's he hammers home is only what he tests on. Easy grader Cons: He speaks very quickly and tends to stand in front of his writing. TAKE HIS CLASS!
3.5 : McGovern is the reason I want to study algebra more.  He will give you the best undergraduate experience when it comes to this subject.  To be honest, there could be more homework, so if you are struggling, try and do more problems out of the textbook (Artin - for which there are hundreds).  Don't skip class, or you'll miss material not in the book
5.0 : One of the best professors in the math department. Take him if you can
5.0 : The hype is well deserved. He took a difficult class and made it engaging and accessible. Lectures much more helpful than the book. Readily available if you require help. Designed the tests to be on par with the skill level of the class. Reasonable work load. Generous grading. So far, my favorite professor
5.0 : Would recommend to anyone serious about learning organic chemistry. He's challenging but fair, and one of the best professors I've ever had. If you don't do well with competition or being pushed you won't like him, but if you can handle the heat you will leave the class with a superior understanding of chemistry.
4.0 : OChem is a brutally hard course - get over it. If you're ready to show up to class and work your ass off Dr. Daruwala is awesome. Lectures are fast paced, but he explains things incredibly well and can be really funny. Prof tends to be short-tempered but gets over it quickly. Tests are tough and make up most of the grade. I recommend him.
2.0 : Does not care if you understand because he MUST get through all 9 chapters in the quarter- even if it means covering a 25 page booklet in one lecture. Asks the class if they have questions but gets angry if you spend too much time on one subject. Takes off an entire exam point if you forget one negative charge. Scolds the class like we are children
2.5 : Picks favorites,was very rude to classmates he was not fond of. Will call you out and embarrass you in front of the class. Literally yells at the class if someone doesn't volunteer or shout the answer. BE WARNED: You only get 55 minutes for a 6-page O-Chem TOUGH exam so get ready to speed race. Majority of the class never finishes. Average is 65%.
5.0 : Dr. Daruwala is seriously the best. His lectures are amazing and his chapter packets and worksheets are incredible. He is seriously funny, and if you work hard, he goes above and beyond to help you. He is the one of the best instructors I have ever had. Only wish I had taken him for Gen chem, would have learned and remembered a lot more!!
5.0 : He is amazing! Made OChem fun and his pa jets he has created, which you fill in during class, are superb! Didn't read the book and did well. All Ochem exams at UW are one hour. People complaining must not have received that memo. He will not hold your hand and you need to work. This class isn't for babies. He makes Ochem fun and you want to learn!
5.0 : Amazing teacher for ochem, he has a fast pace but this is college so get used to it. Has exam reviews prior to the tests. Homework is kinda a lot but Ochem is all about practice. Tests are very fair and is dropping lowest midterm score. Would highly recommend if you want to learn Ochem (good for taking MCAT).
3.0 : Professor Daruwala is very old school. He only uses paper notes and projects them on the overhead. Not necessarily a bad thing for most, but lectures aren't recorded, notes aren't posted, and he gets easily distracted (talking, laptops, phones, etc). Overall, good, old-school professor, but only take if you are willing to change your study habits.
5.0 : By far the best professor I have ever had. I was so scared of o chem and I loved it by the end of the quarter. The material and exams are hard, but in a way that is totally fair and rewards hard work. You can really tell how much he wants you to learn, he puts a lot of effort in to make sure of it
5.0 : Khushroo uses old school teaching methods which require tried and true methods of learning. His exams, homework, and lecture are HARD but as he will tell you, fair.
4.5 : I took PHIL 338 with Talbott and I found that his lectures really clarified the material that was discussed in the texts. He definitely knows what he's talking about, and he's always very amenable to class discussion. The clicker questions in lecture are also helpful and not very difficult.
1.0 : Bill was very difficult to talk to, and I struggled to get straight-forward answers to my questions.  He often wanted students to speak up or ask questions, but he would interrupt and shoot down your response without really listening.  His grading is subjective, and he doesn't set clear expectations for papers.   Too much irrelevant outside reading
3.5 : This was a really interesting class, but not what I was expecting. His lectures style is different that many others, and his voice puts you to sleep. Lots of reading, and if you're hoping for a normal political science class, do not take this. The class stretched my thinking, and Talbott is a really good guy!
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had at UW. Lectures were extremely interesting and helpful in understanding the material.  Posts study questions  for the class which are pretty much the same as the exam questions, so if you manage your time well you can easily do well in the class.
1.5 : Hardest class I've ever taken. Shoves way too much information into each lecture, and expects you to read about 100 pages of philosophy readings each week. But because they're philosophy readings, you need to read them twice to understand. The TA was great, but I spent hours every day studying for this class. Not worth the effort. Don't take him
4.0 : Grades tougher, but expected from a class at 300 level. Typical nice old guy who occasionally rants a bit while answering your questions in office hours. He is especially great in pointing out the misconceptions of textbooks and general public on philosophers (some may call it teaching his own view but I dont think so). Good prof overall.
5.0 : A brilliant man who truly cares about his students. He will not dumb down the course material, but he gives his expectations from the beginning and will help you.
4.5 : Discussions with Talbott were really great--not only is he a really nice professor, but he asks good thought-provoking questions and teaches complex ideas step by step because philosophy is so easy to get lost in. If you're a quiet student, that's okay too, he knows how to lead you into discussion and makes sure everyone gets their ideas heard.
5.0 : A wonderful professor, this was my first philosophy class &amp; I was anxious about taking this 300 level class. Talbott is a forgiving grader, offers good feedback, and is very passionate, humorous and fair. I would recommend you take this class. There is a decent amount of reading and writing, but like any class, you'll need to try to succeed.
4.0 : I did not do well in this class, but I respected the professor nonetheless. Great at explaining and articulating the point he's trying to make. Always willing to help you understand even if he went over it twice in class. A passionate and awesome professor.
5.0 : Professor Harrington was the best professor I had at undergraduate. I really makes you think, which is the who purpose of going to school. He was well prepared and expected the students to be as well. I took at least 4 classes from him and they were all the type that the more I put into it the more he was willing to give back.
5.0 : She is straight up mean at first! But gets much nicer once you stick in there. If you are serious about learning Chinese, I recommend her. Put in the hours of practice everyday not just for the class but to learn the language. Otherwise if you are not serious go take spanish.
4.5 : Bi Laoshi is the best foreign language teacher I've ever had. She appears very strict and scary at first, but it's only because she wants you to learn! She is incredibly helpful, uses Mandarin as much as possible, and genuinely wants her students to succeed. Just make sure you're dedicated and are willing to work hard; no slacking allowed!
5.0 : She is a great professor ever. She is strict; however; at the end of the quarter, you would know how much she cares about your learning. She is strict because she wants to succeed in learning Chinese. Make sure you have at least 2 hours/day, do homework, listen audio, pay attention to what she teaches in the class. You will get an A. She is sweet!
4.0 : Don't get intimidated when you first meet Bi Laoshi. She could give a cold and scary vibe during class but she means very well! The asian strictness? If you talk to her outside of class she's totally willing to help you, very understanding. Be sure to come to class. There are also daily homework assignments.  I also think she's pretty funny.
5.0 : Bi Laoshi is very clear for what she expects and that bar is not set very low. In upper division courses, she adjusts how you can improve based on your proficiency, but you definitely need to show that you care about learning in her class. She's very helpful outside of class and brutally honest, so you'll really know what you need to improve on.
5.0 : Probably one of the best teachers I have ever had. He handwrites when he gives lectures so you can copy what he writes and follow along. The pacing is perfect to where you can understand everything that he is talking about. Tests and homework are completely based off of his lecture material.
5.0 : Old School, articulate and very engaging. One of the best professors at UW, hands down. I was not interested in taking this course, but he made it a great experience.
5.0 : Great prof, enjoyed his lectures and class. Tests were reasonable, only negative aspects in my view is that homework is weighted too heavily.
5.0 : Outstanding Professor. Uses the whiteboard as opposed to powerpoint, which I find very helpful in "math" classes. Had us learn a card game, Schnapsen, which was pretty cool. Despite what you may hear, it is very easy to learn. Though I can't say I enjoy probability, I did enjoy the way he taught it.
5.0 : Hands down one of my favorite profs. Old school lecturing style, very engaging and thorough.
5.0 : One of the best professors at UW. Clear and consistent pace in lectures. If you attend class and pay attentiontake notes, you'll probably do well. All of his tests are based off of material he covers in class.
5.0 : The maestro is a god amongst men. Does old school, on whiteboard teaching but communicates the material really effectively. Super nice, really funny and passionate about his work. Class was kinda hard, but not necessarily in a bad way
1.5 : She talks more about the class than she talks about the material.  Says the theory is most important, and that all the algorithms are now done by computer, but offers zero partial credit on exams (which are all mechanical equation manipulation), even if the theory is correct.
5.0 : She is one of the best professors on math department. She makes sure YOU understand the subjects,works from  example to abstract. Lots of office hours and extra help but you need to contribute to your learning as well. TAKE HER class AND SHARE HER MATH ENTHUSIASM. Want to get to grad school or get a job she will help! She is beyond a lecturer.
4.0 : Nice professor!
5.0 : She is perhaps one of the finest math instructors I had in my freshman year. The exams can be challenging, but if you took some form of college math in high school, you should be fine. Even then, expect to put a lot of time to this course so don't be discouraged if you didn't have that opportunity.
5.0 : If you are looking for the intro psych class, take this one. I failed psych the first time because I had a bad professor, and once I retook it with Osterhout, I could grasp the information easier and he made it fun to come to lectures. Reading the textbook is strongly recommended, and coupled with his explanations in class, it's easy to ace exams.
5.0 : He is one of the best professors that I have ever had. His class is interesting and he is a really really really nice person. He cares more about what have we learned from the class rather than the our exam scores. He gave us lots of extra credit opportunities to help all of us to get good grades.
4.5 : Really smart guy and definitely wants students to understand and succeed. I never bought the textbook and got a 4.0, he will basically tell you everything to study on the test and his practice exams are really helpful and his lectures are super easy to follow. After the tests, he assesses how hard it was and almost always gave free points, so nice!
4.5 : If you are thinking about studying psych, take Prof Osterhout - he is a great prof to take as an introductory course into psych. Really clear lectures and exams, does funny classroom activities, super knowledgeable.
3.5 : A good class, but the tests are hard....
4.0 : Osterhout is a great teacher and explains everything really well, but his tests are hard &amp; you have to go to class, take notes and read the textbook. I did actually learn a lot from this class and found it extremely interesting, you just have to be willing to put the time in.
5.0 : The best professor I have had thus far at UW. He loves what he does and you can tell. He is engaging, enthusiastic, and makes we want to come to class everyday. Tests are easy if you come to lecture and read the textbook. He is a wonderful teacher and I highly recommend taking his class.
4.0 : Definitely the best professor i have had so far at UW. He is such a nice guy! You can tell he really like what he is doing and for exams, he really wants you to do well, so he posts study guides that are ACTUALLY USEFUL if you take the time to go through the study guide. Be sure to do the extra credits cuz that will bump your grades up 0.3 GPA.
4.5 : Shows and music are hard, but he's a fantastic marching band director. Runs a great program. Respected by all.
5.0 : One awesome marching band director, and a great sense of humor. Band newcomers: be sure you know your music and your spot the first time. He loves UW and encourages the band to have fun. Good luck, gang!
5.0 : Any band geek knows - the director makes all the difference. Brad is one of the most respected and honorable people I know. He makes it a priority to know your name as soon as you pass your audition. On the field, I often see him smiling while he conducts, and his enthusiasm for music is contagious. It's been an honor marching under his direction.
5.0 : Ryan is definitely one of the best professor I have met in UW. He was the only professor that make me feel that it was my luck to meet him. His class is  helpful and interesting indeed. But what more make student respect him is his kind personality.  He is the type of teacher that would like to hang out with you even you are not his student anymore
5.0 : Such a grate professor. He is so kind and willing to help. Passionate about his material and student. Such a grate person. The class is extremely help and very clear.
5.0 : Great professor. Very helpful and enthusiastic.
3.0 : Ryan is an interesting teacher... he makes a point to personally know each of his students. However, I wasn't a huge fan of his teaching style. He tries to be friends with everyone, which makes him seem like more of a peer than a teacher. Also, good luck trying to get in touch. Myself and several others have had him blatantly ignore our emails.
1.0 : This class was awful.  Tests were exceedingly difficult, explanations by the professor were poor, and the professor lacked enthusiasm to teach. The professor actually said to not ask her questions about missed points on exams.  I had to hire a tutor just to get through her class and this is from someone who normally 4.0's math classes.  Don't take!
2.5 : Ridiculously hard mid and final. I don't know what's wrong with her! Pls go to professor loveless but not her!!!!!
4.0 : Taggart's lecture is really funny and she is also very humorous. She make calculus not that boring and tough. However the grading was tough, but it probably because of the policy of the department. The two midterms are easier than Webassign questions, but the final is more difficult. Anyway, Taggart is a good teacher and her class is worth to take.
4.5 : Prepare, prepare, prepare. Don't sluff off for the first midterm like I did and get a 2.1 near the beginning of the quarter. Thank goodness I eventually got it bumped up to a 3.4. Taggart is probably one of the best Math 126 profs, her lectures whiz by and she posts all her notes online. She has a sense of humor and explains her steps very well.
1.0 : Her grading is irrational, I received the worst grade even though i got 100% on almost all of the homework and above average on the fist two exams. I only didn't do as well on the final. I emailed her to discuss but she was unaccommodating and displayed a lack of genuine concern or  care. I would never recommend anyone to take her classes.
4.5 : Prof. Taggart was great at giving both visual and mathematical descriptions of why the math worked. Her lectures were helpful and entertaining as she tried to use her arms and legs to emulate the x, y and z axis. Definitely the best calculus teacher I have ever had.
5.0 : Clear instructions and lecture. Go to her homework help sections and office hours, very helpful for doing for homework and understand the material better
3.5 : Professor Taggart is a great professor and really does care about whether the students learn the material or not - however, the class IS hard if you don't study a lot (and I'm terrible at studying).  She is definitely in the top 3 math professors I've had at the UW.
5.0 : Quality lectures that were personally almost all that was needed to do decently on exams. Her notes are very straightforward and concise so that everything is worth writing down. Don't be scared by any reviews but don't underestimate the class completely either: going to lectures with your attention and about 2 hours of studying notes/text a week.
4.5 : I cannot say enough good things about this professor. This is a Math class, you are going to have to work. However, if you are willing to work, this is the right professor for you. My advice? Go to her office hours, go to the Math Resource Center when she tutors, pay attention and take organized notes. Ask questions, be a grown up.
5.0 : I've learned so much from her lectures.She doesn't regard anything as "too easy", and explains everything with a great clarity and detail.I feel lucky that I took Calc 3 with her! Still using a lot of stuff from that class in higher level math classes.
1.5 : Literally one of the worst teachers I've ever had. She unnecessarily complicates easy subjects with confusing explanations, and the majority of the material was learned from my T.A. Additionally, she sounds like she is crying 100% of the time (which makes lecture almost unbearable) and stops class if students use phones or laptops, even for notes.
3.5 : DO NOT TAKE MATH 111 WITH TAGGART !!!! HARDEST MATH CLASS EVER TAKEN!!!!
4.5 : This quarter with Taggart has overall been really good. I love the way she teaches, she is very clear and explains everything. You do need to be in class though. Test files are helpful for tests, but grading is pretty tough!
2.5 : Jenni is a nice, funny, and extremely intelligent professor, but this class is one of the hardest I have taken at the UW.  Going to class and taking notes is NOT ENOUGH for this class - in order to get good grades on the weekly homework you have to study A LOT.  The homework questions are not like the examples in class, which was very frustrating.
5.0 : Very good lecturer -- thorough and organized.  E-mailed her a lot for WebAssign help and she was always happy to help.
5.0 : Straightforward class. Examples she goes over class is similar to problems on exams.
5.0 : She is great! Super organized and gives clear explanations. If you put in the effort, it is easy to do well! Do old tests and read through your notes to succeed!
4.0 : Dr. Taggart has clearly taught Math 112 for years and years. She's got her lectures down to the tee and the way she writes everything out is super helpful. The best way to describe her is a mom. Her lectures are good and she gives the whole exam archive which is very helpful for the test. She doesn't provide a ton of resources like Loveless did.
5.0 : Taggart is the best professor I've had at UW so far.  Her explanations in lecture are extremely clear and she is MORE THAN WILLING to help you in office hoursby appointment. Grading is mostly based on 2 midtermsfinal, but that's standard.   She's very fair in what she expects.. Highly recommend.  Take math with her if you can. Got a 3.1
4.5 : Professor Taggart's teaching style is well-suited for 126 - clear, straightforward, and visual. She basically writes your notes for you as she lectures, which is nice. Make sure to do lots of practice problems for her tests.
5.0 : Dr. T was really great.  Intro to Real Analysis is a tough subject, and she knows it.  She doesn't make the problems any easier on tests or homework, but the proofs she has you do are always doable as long as you put in the hours.  It was a 3 credit class, but I worked like it was 5+ credits.  However, I never got so much out of a class.  Fantastic
5.0 : Go to lectures, quiz sections, and do webassigns by yourself. Do not make silly mistakes in midterms or final. Exams are pretty straightforward, just like the examples she covered during the lectures; so you don't have to worry about exams that much. It's not that hard as long as you study hard and enough at least two days before exams.
5.0 : Probably my favorite math professor I've had, she's extremely clear, very organized, has clear handwriting, and doesn't skip steps in her work ever. She certainly works hard at teaching and it definitely shows, I would definitely take classes with her again given the chance!
5.0 : I wasn't thrilled about having to take math in college but Dr. Taggart made it much more bearable with her wonderful help and support. She had very understandable lectures and standards. The class wasn't easy probably due to the subject matter but I ended up doing better due to her teaching.
5.0 : Dr. Taggart is one of my favorite professors at UW. She's humorous and a good lecturer, her lectures are clear and easy to understand, and she explains concepts students do not understand over and over during lectures giving out extra examples until students understand the content. Her exams are straight forward and past exams are all uploaded.
4.5 : Lectures are very clear and thorough. Tests are very straight forward and similar to lecture notes. She is a great lecturer.  Sometimes I think she goes a little too slow but I'd much rather have that than a professor who goes to fast.
1.0 : terrible test maker she put a very complicated question on SP17 exam 2 (question 2) didn't even consider our time is limited :(
5.0 : The clarity, enthusiasm, and structure that professor Taggart provided made this class one of my favorite thus far. She is also funny and extremely helpful. If I could take her again, for any class (I mean ANY), I would.
3.0 : Took this course as a prerequisite for Foster and this class hurt my GPA. Though Jennifer provides opportunities for extra practice, grading is tough and the class is highly homework and worksheet dependent. Notes were difficult to understand at times and submitted through canvas from a document camera. Made our final ridiculously hard.
2.0 : Lectures way too fast, doesn't give enough time for students to understand the material being taught. You're thinking about one thing, then she's already on to the next. Tests do not accurately reflect past midterms; if you forget one specific instance of an equation to write on your notes sheet for exams, it is very easy to lose points. Don't take
4.5 : Taggart has gotten way better this quarter in explaining stuffs. 112 is easier than 111. Grading scale is a bit crazy tho. 97%+4.0. DO NOT BUY TEXTBOOK!!!!! YOU DO NOT NEED TEXTBOOK AND GO TO LECTURE CUZ SHE POSTS ALL LECTURE NOTES ONLINE AND BASICALLY ALL YOU DO IN CLASS IS JUST COPYING STUFFS CAN BE DOWNLOADED ONLINE.
3.0 : She is knowledgeable and a great lecturer. She has clear expectations and wants students to understand the material and succeed. Her tests can seem hard at first, but if you do the homework and past exams you should be fine. She is always available to help as well.
4.0 : I definitely love Dr. Taggart! She is smart, funny and helpful. She uploaded every lecture notes on canvas. Her instructions were clear and classes were interesting. She did her best to help students succeed. Her office hours were very useful. I am so sorry to see people posting complaints here. Do study hard before making complaints please.
1.0 : Class is super tough. I have heard other people saying Loveless is way easier and it is true. If you have a chance, stay away from her.
4.0 : Very good overall lecturer. She gives good examples and illustrations and uses class time very well. Math 126 is a bad curriculum but she teaches it quite well. Her midterms are fair with reasonable questions.
3.0 : This professor always gives lectures that are clear, easy-to-understand, interesting, and engaging. I always felt like I understood the material after going to lecture. However, her tests aren't so easy but they are doable. Be prepared for a possible curveball on her exam. Overall, I really liked the class but I had to work very hard for my grade.
4.0 : I'm conflicted.  Dr. Taggart is one of the best lecturers I've had at UW.  However, this class was ridiculously difficult.  I often felt that I was missing the forest for the trees in this class -- we would spend one or two entire classes on a single proof, with few discussions about how to apply the proofs.  The homework was extra tough.
4.0 : She just loves math so much and its so apparent in her teaching. She's always really excited and willing to help you. Yeah, it's a hard class but its multi-variable calculus so thats to be expected
4.5 : It's high level calc, so expect the tests to be tough because the class is just tough. She made it fun to learn though. 10/10 would recommend if you have to take calc.
4.0 : Hard class, but she's very funny and explains concepts fairly well. Her tests are pretty tough, so be prepared to put forth your best effort to get a good grade.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HER COURSE, EVER. That's what I am gonna tell you.
1.0 : She has good skill for teaching students, but her exams are so much harder than all other teachers'. So if  you want to get a high gpa, do not choose this teacher.
2.0 : A good lecturer after all, but seldom post anything like demonstration about solutions to questions in tests or homework, tough grader. Her tests are usually hard than other professors'.
5.0 : Professor  Taggart is the best mathematics teacher I met. I really appreciate her teaching humor and class atmosphere. Compare with other professor's,  Taggart's exam is the easiest one. I'm looking forward to take her class again.
4.5 : Amazing prof - enthusiastic about math and also provides all material needed. Almost always you won't need to look anything up outside of lecture notes to do well on tests. Tells you everything you need to do to be successful. If you're not a textbook reader, you'll need to attend class to keep up with the material.
5.0 : By far the best math professor I have had.  She was enthusiastic and her lectures are extremely well organized.  Definitely go to office hours, she is very helpful and fun to talk to.  I wish she taught more of the classes that I have to take!
4.5 : Very good at explaining the concepts, and the tests aren't too hard.
4.5 : She's a really good lecturer and she explains everything very clearly. If you attend class, you probably won't ever need to use the textbook. Her tests are reasonable for a calculus class.
2.5 : Good lecturer - uploads notes online so you don't have to read textbook. Beware of her during office hours - she converts from her jolly happy self in lecture to a grumpy and VERY irritable old woman. Low tolerance for explaining. Tends to be stern so approach her carefully and maybe you'll get onto her good side. Lectures well but needs to retire.
5.0 : Dr. Taggart is one of the best math teachers I've ever had in my life. She explains very intricate concepts so incredibly clearly, it's like she's teaching multivariable calculus to pre-schoolers. As a math major, my biggest fear is that I won't have another class with her. Go to her office hours -- DO IT, even if you don't have a question to ask.
5.0 : She is soooooo GOOOOOODDDD
5.0 : Dr. Taggart is an amazing lecturer. I've never been good at math but the way she explains it in class is so clear that I actually enjoy and understand what's going on. Your grade is 90% tests 10% homework though, so make sure to not screw up a midterm! 90% on homework automatically rounds up to 100%, so homework is the least of your worries.
5.0 : In the points, vectors, and planes unit it's very hard to visualize what's going on but she did a great job explaining and showing concepts in lecture. She moved around a lot which will help keep you awake. Her voice is kind of annoying.
4.0 : Really liked this professor. Her lecture notes were very clear and her explanations were detailed and made sense. Her tests can be difficult though. I did pretty well on the midterms but bombed the final so my final grade wasn't as good as I would have liked it to be. I'm still glad that I took this class with her
5.0 : She's really funny in terms of teaching. The course was very easy if you have some analytic geometry backgrounds, but I still went to every class for the amusing lecture. No weekly quizzes, and 10% of homework points are dropped. Easy 4.0.
5.0 : Great lectures, great explanations, great person, very difficult tests though. Her past tests were much easier (from the archive) than this quarter.
4.0 : Lectures were good and she was very clear about what to expect on the tests. Tests were what you would expect and she was nice about giving credit for work even if you couldn't answer one or two questions
5.0 : Lectures are very important although the attendance is not compulsory. Very enthusiastic about the materials she is teaching and the explanation is succinct. Exams are neither too hard or too easy - prepare you well for the final but not too difficult if you really listen to her lectures and understand them.
5.0 : I had Dr. Taggart for math 126. She is very enthusiastic and seems to really care about what she's teaching. Lectures are fast-paced so be ready to take notes, best to put your phone away. As long as you follow along and do the homework the tests aren't that hard. Spend time on your notes sheet, make sure it has all the formulas you need.
4.0 : Great prof, first film class for me. He taught some difficult sections, but he was cool and approachable. More so than his partnered prof, but they were both great!
5.0 : Andy is awesome, his lectures are interesting and he is really passionate. After this course I would no doubt take more classes from him! He is very friendly and approachable, go introduce yourself and you will not regret it. He cares a lot about his students.
3.5 : Love Andy! It took me a bit to get used to his off-the-cuff, occasionally jumbled, way of lecturing, but I came to realize that he is a really nice guy, and very passionate and knowledgeable about film. He's not at all arrogant, and has a good sense of humor. I would definitely take another class with him.
2.0 : Loves to hear himself talk. Impossible to take notes.  Lots of tangents.  Didn't learn a thing about US policy or processes.
4.5 : This teacher is awesome! he DID take time to get to know students, he was very helpful you just have to ask! He is actually really funny, and he gives a week notice when something is due or if there is a test coming up. Great teacher!
5.0 : Fantastic prof. Really cares about his students and promotes true freedom of speech and opinion, as well as encouraging open debate, in class. Lots of reading assignments and long lectures but his enthusiasm and energetic teaching style make up for them.
4.5 : I loved this class! The lectures were engaging and when he went off on a tangent, it still related to the overall theme of the class. There are two major writing assignments in the class, but he makes sure that you know the material and he helps you truly succeed. All in all, I would take this class again :)
5.0 : Another great class with this professor. Go to class, do the work, get an A.
4.0 : Lectures are the main course of the course, and while you do learn a considerable amount and the prof is clearly very well-learnt in the subject, he can come off as smug and patronizing, and tends to go on tangents to explain concepts that should only take a couple of sentences to get down. Basically, good knowledge, but mediocre personality.
5.0 : I learned more in this one course than I did in all my other courses and he's always willing to help if you put in the effort. Lots of reading!
3.5 : if you are a person who doesn't like talking about gloom and doom and it legitimately stresses you out, take this class with a different professor, or take Macro instead. This class should also be something you are in with Farkasch. The more into the topic you are, the higher the grade you'll get because he wants your opinion.
5.0 : He's a great professor, very chill. Cares about your future.
5.0 : What a great prof!  Have learned more about politics in this one class than I ever have in any other course. Hope he stays.
3.5 : The teacher's lecture was basically him rambling off for an hour and a half. What he says make sense if you have basic knowledge of economics and you do the reading. I didn't do any of the readings, however, if you actually pay attention to his lectures you will be able to find the answers. But you must find the answers in his long ass lecture.
4.5 : I loved his class. It's full of energy and very less burden. He is an enthusiastic and very helping professor.
4.5 : One of the first professors for my Grad Course, is among those few professors on earth who indeed "Mentor &amp; Guide" the students. With exceptional Knowledge of Computer Science his lectures had a tinge of Multi-Disciplinary concepts like Healthcare, Psychology, Marketing, etc. amalgamated with Technology. ThoughtResearch based exams &amp; assignments.
5.0 : Outstanding professor with a deep knowledge of software design. This was easily one of the best courses I've had.
4.0 : Bill is a nice guy. He's super chatty, and hard to pay attention to at times. He's really chill in terms of letting you turn in things late, but your work better be high quality. He does have a fair curving policy with the quizzes. We never got to see our grades for the final and 2 final projects, but based on our course grades, he was harsh.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Super knowledgeable with a concrete background in both psychology and CS. Pay attention in lectures and use his study guides and you'll do fine.
4.0 : Lots of reading.
4.0 : Robert Crutchfield made me want to show up to class. He was so into his lectures and material and conveyed it so well. He's hilarious, intelligent, and informative. You won't find a better professor at UW.
4.5 : Robert Crutchfield may be one of the most amazing professors I have ever had. Be sure to be in class (he will make it so you want to show up, his lectures are that amazing).  He is incredibly knowledgable in his field, and knows what he is doing. Take home midterm and final, participation is clicker based.
4.0 : What a fantastic instructor. His lectures are amusing and aid in the learning process; it does not feel like wasted time. You do have to read to complete the assignments but all exams were take-home and were challenging but fairly assigned.
2.0 : One of the most boring professors at UW. His tests were take home but had very little to do with class, so you had to read the textbook for the tests. However, the textbook was unrelated to lecture so there was little motivation to work. No quiz section but the TA's were hard to get ahold of and were really tough graders. Wouldn't take him again
3.0 : The lectures were good. He has many interesting stories. However, the grading process was horrible! All they care about is citing enough sources from the textbook, and honestly the textbook is horrible. Overall good class ruined by take home essay exams. If they gave me an exam based on material that actually matters, I would have aced it. Oh well.
4.5 : Took 271 in the fall. Loved it so much I took 371 even though it was outside my major. Crutchfield is sassy and relates the material to real life through the most entertaining stories. Tests for SOC 371 were take-home but you had to read and cite from the book extensively to get a good grade.
3.5 : Interesting lectures that don't cover a lot of material (not too dense). Quiz sections with TAs to solidify concepts. Lecture slides not posted online. Take home and in-class tests that aren't too hard. Go to class and pay attention and you should do fine.
4.0 : SOC 271 was a great course. I would take it again if I had the chance. Professor Crutchfield is great! He is caring and humorus. I liked his teaching style. He doesn't read off his slides or notes. He knows his material. Probably my favorite professor so far at UW.
4.0 : Great professor, what else can I say! Tests are straightforward, there's a lot of reading but the bulk of the tests are based off lecture.
3.5 : Great professor! Really knows how to capture an audience and keep them involved! Most of the test is based off of lecture, but you wont get A's on them if you don't read! There's a lot of reading, but if you get the big picture you'll be fine!
5.0 : Best professor ever. Best class ever. Take it.
4.5 : Crutchfield is ridiculously passionate about if his students learn. You will 100% need to read the assigned readings each week in order to do well on the papers, but there's only a few papers spanning over the whole quarter. Unfortunately, if you don't do well on the papers it's tough to get a good grade in the class. But he's still amazing!
4.5 : Professor Woody explains concepts in more than one way so everyone can understand. She is enthusiastic about the subject, which makes lectures engaging. The TAs do most of the grading, but she is there at her office hours for extra help or clarification. This was by far my favorite class of the quarter.
3.5 : Very helpful in TA sections but not so much in lectures because it's difficult to be specific in philosophy with 300+ people in a room.
5.0 : Dr. Woody genuinely cares if students are learning or not. This class was so interesting and really broadened my interest not only in philosophy but also in the performing arts, she also gives great essay feedback. I feel lucky to have been able to learn with her and would highly recommend her to anyone who wants a teacher who genuinely cares.
4.0 : About this class: turned out to be really interesting, although readings are long, they're interesting to read. Not a hard class, reasonable amount of work, do consider if you're in need of W credit.  About Woody: It's easy to see how passionate she is. Although she is slow at explaining concepts, she is indeed knowledgeable. Her TA's are amazing
4.5 : Shes really awesome. Her lectures are very interesting. The class overall was very interesting. Especiallly because shes into what she does.
5.0 : This was a 2 credit class, so we had a lot to learn in a very little time. Divya is very intelligent and funny and lectures were informative and interesting. It is a bit difficult to meet with her, but she does respond to emails fairly quickly. You must already know how to write and she appreciates concise clear writing.
4.5 : Divya is incredibly knowledgeable and intelligent.  I took the class due to it being a requirement for my major and although I wasn't took keen on it, Divya was actually inspiring me to go out and take on the world and question everyone and everything.  I would definitely recommend her to others.
5.0 : The best that ever did it and got away with it!
4.5 : His lectures are very informative and it's easy to tell that he cares about us. Do all the homework and watch every video because there are tests questions on them. Take advantage of the extra credit; it can boost your GPA by up to 0.3 grade points and will provide a buffer for those tests that make up a large chunk of your grade.
5.0 : Passer gives a very interesting and engaging lecture. The majority of your grade is your exam scores, so put a big importance on studying!
5.0 : One of the few amazing professor there is in UW. His lecture are always interesting and entertaining.  There is little to no hw due for this class but the test is pretty hard. You definitely need to read the book to get a B on any of his test. The great thing about this class is that any sign of improvements on the test really brings up your grade!
5.0 : You must read. Not all things are covered in class because there isn't enough time. Go to class as well. You can get a +.3 GPA boost by doing 6 hours of extra credit. The professor is pretty good too and isn't boring.
5.0 : He is a great professor and keeps the class interesting and upbeat. Lectures aren't mandatory but he does use the clicker for participation. There is plenty of extra credit available through studies and research but make sure to do as soon as possible as there are limited spots. I thought the class would be an easy A so I underestimated studying.
4.5 : Very professional, knows his stuff. My favorite thing about him is he is very articulate and very clear. Compared to some of the other professors and lecturers I've had, I can tell this man is very experienced and operates on a very high level as an educator, and I'm sure as a psychologist as well.
4.5 : Michael Passer is such a great professor. Although he moves very slower during lecture, he really knows what he is talking about. He kept me very entertained with his short-stories and little examples. He is actually really funny because he could never get the technology to work. However, he didn't let technology get in his way! Great class!
5.0 : He gives really engaging lectures with to-the-point Powerpoint slides. The topics he chooses are very interesting. To succeed, I recommend reading the textbook and testing yourself with Launchpad. There is a 0.3 GPA extra credit - do it. The tests are straightforward if you did the work. The clicker points are based on participation.
4.5 : He is very fun to watch in class! He used clicker questions as (easy) pop quiz things. He is okay with students challenging an idea as long as they're respectful. He is not afraid to admit if he had made a mistake or things don't go just right. Very funny! The computer stopped working so he laid on the ground and was just done with the computer.
5.0 : he is awesome
4.0 : Dr. Passer is a pretty cool guy, I imagine my dad to be just like he is in about 20 years (dorky old white guy). However, it's obvious that he is VERY smart, and is passionate about his work. The material isn't the most interesting, but his examples make it better. At the very least outline the chapters or you'll bomb the tests.
3.0 : Stupid grading system
4.0 : Passer is one of my favorite professors at UW. He made this extremely boring class actually interesting. Make sure you do the PollEverywhere questions/do good on the homework assignments. Final grade is determined by total points, not percent, so be aware.
4.5 : He gives lots of examples so you'll understand the content well The video he makes you watch are super interesting and he chooses studies that help you understand the content better. He's a nice and funny guy. He may move slow, but it's because he wants to make sure you learn the material.
4.0 : Very easy class and makes psych fun. A great introductory class with good content. His slide have the bulk of what you need to know, but cement what you learn with the reading. Supplementary videos/material online that he does test you on (1-2 questions). Extra credit makes it so that almost everyone can get into the psych major.
5.0 : He is the best professor I know till now. The lecture is well-organized and has lots of fun too. I  even hope I could take that again. Actually there is a lot reading and comprehension, but you could get good grades if you pay attention.
4.0 : Passer was a great professor and really cared about the subject. There is a lot of reading, but it is easy to spread out across a couple of days. There are clicker questions in class but you just need 80% of the points. Do the extra credit!!! You can get .3 added to your final grade by doing psych studies. Tests consist of old test questions.
5.0 : Dr. Passer is very knowledgeable, and makes a boring subject more interesting. He is always around to help, and tests are very fair. You will learn a lot from him and get a good grade. TA matters!!
2.0 : The average grade for this class is a 2.6 with the extra credit and 80% overall grade.
3.0 : I want to give Dr. Passer a really high rating but I can't because verage GPA for a 101 level class should not be a 2.6. The grading criteria is unclear and confusing because you don't really know where you stand after the midterms. I thought I had like a 3.7 and then I look and it says 2.6. I worked my butt off to get a B in this class. Not easy.
4.0 : I went into this class expecting an easy A.  However, the readings and review were extensive compared to what I expected.  There is extra credit that really helps those who do poorly.  Overall, I missed one point all quarter without the extra credit.  Use old exams to study!!
4.0 : Don't be fooled by all the high reviews, this class isn't a cakewalk. If you're good with multiple choice exams, you're in luck. There is some opportunity for extra credit, but not enough to make a huge difference. Don't take this class if you have difficulty with multiple choice exams and textbook reading.
4.5 : Good.
4.0 : He isn't the most interesting of a lecturer, but his tests are all reused from previous ones. Do the extra credit. Very minimal homework that is extremely easy.
5.0 : The lecture's are fantastic, the book is necessary, and there will be content from both in his exams.
4.0 : He wrote the textbook so he knows what he is talking about. Used daily examples in lectures and make things very easy to understand. Passer is awesome.
3.5 : Tests are tough which makes you to read a lot. If you just take classes and do not read the whole book, you can not get good grades. Also watch every video he asked,it will  be tested in test.
4.0 : Great professor! Must read the book and pay attention in class to pass, but a very interesting class!
3.5 : Look, this class is supposed to be an "easy 4.0" but it's definitely not unless you can memorize 160 pages of material for one exam. That's the worst part about the class. You have too much to memorize and it is NOT easy to get a 4.0. The tests are all based on the reading but there's a TON of reading for each test.
2.0 : Tests are way too technical. You must remember EVERY single detail of lecture and in the textbook which is way too difficult and nearly impossible. You have to remember details that isn't relevant 3 years from now such as what does ___ stand for in the ABC Therapy model.. Average grade is a 2.7....
2.0 : Technical class. All memorization, you have to remember basically everything
5.0 : He was clear and interesting. I easily passed the class and all I did was make a vocab list from the definitions in the book margins, did the end of chapter quizzes/reviews and the web assign end of chapter quizzes. All the questions on the exam came from there almost word for word. Easy extra credit. Glad he's teaches the next class in the series.
5.0 : He's awesome
5.0 : I wish every professor was like Prof. Passer. His lectures were always entertaining and he seems to always find a way to engage his entire class. Hands down favorite class and professor. If you read the textbook and do the online activities the midterms/final easy. However, you really do have to read them.
3.0 : Passer is really knowledgable and you can tell that he is well respected, however, his lectures are pretty bland from time to time. He adds some additional information, but the majority of the information you need on the test come from Launchpad and the textbook.
4.0 : Very PowerPoint lecture based. He is a good, clear speaker and will communicate the main topics of the unit in an interesting way. However, you absolutely do need to complete the reading assigned, or you will have difficulty on exams.
5.0 : I really enjoyed Passer this quarter. His class is very reasonable and it's really interesting. The grading is very fair and there's extra credit as well. Do the extra credit because 0.3 becomes incredibly valuable at the end of the quarter. There's a good amount of reading. Test material comes from Launchpad, the textbook, and lecture.
5.0 : Read the textbook and attend all lectures and you'll be solid. Easy A class. Very clear grading criteria as well. Also offers extra credit.
4.0 : You really need to do a lot of readings if you would like to get a high grade in his tricky exams.
5.0 : amazing professor. easy to understand lecture slides, panopto accessible, interesting topics (made more interesting by him), and clearly stated expectations. seems like an all-around, genuinely great human.
4.0 : He was honestly a great teacher,  but there was so much to memorize for his exams that you had to work your butt off reading. Do pay attention in class because most of the stuff on the exam was from things in class that he did talk about, and some were from the book that he didn't even mention in class. Overall, if u read the book, you'll be fine.
4.5 : I love Passer. He is the sweetest guy. His lectures are very clear. I took 3 years of Psych in high school and I learned and understood more just from Passer's lectures than I did in all those 3 years. He loves what he teaches and is very knowledgeable.  I respect him a lot and if you want an A in the class just do your readings on time.
4.0 : Class lectures were engaging and provided a clear outline for what would be on the test. It is very important to read the textbook as the lecture provides an outline of the material and the book gives specific details. Overall Passer was a great prof that clearly enjoys teaching. + Extra Credit can improve your grade by .3 GPA
5.0 : One of the toughest history classes I've taken. That said, Dr. Allen knows more about history than just about anyone. He will also clarify any confusion  you have on assignments and exams.
3.0 : Makes you buy two of his books that are praised by Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh so keep that in mind. Very old school &amp; lacks nuance, syllabus is very confusing with no due dates, have to show up to class every time to know what's going on. Also no Canvas, limited knowledge of grades. Decent lectures, HAVE to be an experienced note taker to pass.
4.0 : Professor Allen is a funny and approachable guy. He definitely knows his stuff - any doubts will disappear as soon as you see him (he's old). His class was tough, with tons of reading to do; if you did them though, you'll do just fine on the exams. Class consisted of two exams (final was all multiple choice), a paper, and a quiz.
1.5 : Knows a lot about history, but is a genuine tenured a**hole. He doesn't care about you unless you are a history buff. Thinks he's funny, not really tho.
4.0 : Dr. Allen is a great prof. He was also my thesis advisor. Seems gruff at first but he turns out to be a good guy.
5.0 : Dr. Allen is great! BUT his class is hard. He lectures and shows a documentary for like 20 min everyday. Its a hard class but Dr. Allen knows his history. Ask any question and he will answer it. Be ready to read. I didn't at first and had to catch up. If you take notes and listen, you'll pass. He talks a lot but get into the subject and you be fine
5.0 : Don't think for one second that because it's a 200 level class that it will be easy. The class is full of information that is not common knowledge and can be a bit overwhelming. Also, do NOT take your phone out in class! That said, Dr. Allen will help you when needed, clarify material and you will learn a lot from him. Accordingly, he is a must!
5.0 : There's a warning below not to take him if you're looking for an easy a. Ill reiterate that warning here. Dr. Allen knows more about US history than anyone ive met but do not take him if you're just looking to get by. However, if you don't understand something he will clarify it for you and you will learn a lot from him. Must take for history buffs
5.0 : Very knowledgable. He will address any confusion on the material you have to help you understand. There is a ton of reading but if you do it you should be able to pass no problem. Be sure to show up to class literally every day and take notes on everything he says because it will show up on the multiple choice. Read, take notes, you'll get the A
1.0 : Tough grader, lectures are spoken out, so you better be listening! Be sure to read everything thoroughly, if you don't then you won't pass. Go to class or you won't pass. Readings are too much! You better be a reader and a good listener if you're going to take this class.
4.5 : Keep in mind that Allen is the author of an ultra conservative American history text championing American exceptionalism and frequently and comically labels challenging views "Marxist." Otherwise an entertaining guy with old-school teaching style. Show up to class and do your work, should have no problem. Keep an open mind but think critically.
5.0 : Dr. Allen is extremely witty and engaging. He knows more about American History than anyone you'll meet. He was an undeserved reputation for being tough, but if you do the assigned readings and show up to class, you will pass! He is not PC at all, and frequently makes hilarious wisecracks. YOU MUST TAKE HIM!
4.5 : The class itself is the hardest class Ive taken, math is not my fortay. I really really had to work in this class. However Pollack is the best math teacher I have ever had. He is extremely organized, very helpful and so relaxed. His midterms are hard (to prepare you for final) but he gives a lot of practice examples and clues. Take him if you can
5.0 : Although lectures seemed long some days, the material was clearly presented. Lots of review material for the midterm and final were available, but be prepared to spend lots of time on the homework. The weekly quizzes were not too difficult if you did all of the homework.
4.0 : Professor Pollack is a great guy. He's so very chill and down to earth. His expectations and mid-terms are perfectly reasonable and achievable with a relative amount of effort. His lectures are very straightforward and occasionally entertaining. He always makes himself available after class if you didn't understand something in class.
4.5 : Daniel Pollack was a solid math professor who was able to convey difficult concepts pretty clearly. Although the math tests are always difficult, I think that he's pretty generous on giving partial credit and stuff like that.
4.5 : He gets straight to the point and his lectures offer clarity
3.5 : Worst grade I've ever gotten. Showed work on every problem on a midterm and have 20% taken off because I miscalculated a constant. I brought it to his attention and he said that then all the work was wrong because the constant was now wrong (but used the right step process). Also said it was then magic how I even got to a similar answer. Weed out.
5.0 : Professor Pollack is an excellent lecturer. There is a lot of WebAssign homework. His exams aren't impossible, but they're not a breeze either. Study old midterms and finals to prepare.
5.0 : Pretty monotone voice which can make lectures boring, but you can understand him and his lectures are easy to follow in terms of content. His voice in general is also very clear, especially compared to some of the other professors for the course. 10/10 would take again.
5.0 : He is a great professor who will help you out a ton if you go to him. Go to his office hours and talk to him if you're ever confused and he will explain the concept in a new way for you to understand. Most people do not like how dull his lectures are, but he is a great professor who knows how to teach.
4.5 : Pollack's lectures and expectations were both very clear and helpful for my success in the class. While the exams were difficult, he helped a lot and was genuinely concerned with each student's learning. Pollack openly invited questions both during and after lecture, as well as in office hours.
4.0 : Very good at explaining concepts clearly in lecture and easily understandable (as a speaker). Tests are worth a lot, but they aren't super difficult.
4.0 : One of the best professors in the math department. The course work is challenging but he is very good at teaching it.  Expect to do a lot of homework and study for the tests - they are difficult.
5.0 : Amazing teacher, makes sure you understand everything he covers.
3.5 : Pollack focuses on the basics a little too much but it prepares you well. He usually teaches homework problems after you've started them. Compared to other professors, his webassign is due much later in the week (makes getting homework a non stressful situation).
4.5 : His lectures are clear. He introduces new topics and fortifies it with many examples. He also understands the pacing of homework is flexible around midterms which is  helpful.
4.0 : While this class kicked my butt, I have a lot of respect for Pollack. He gave good lectures in my opinion and was good at answering any questions brought up in class. I highly reccommend attending class, it's not required but it's easiest to learn from Pollack because the TA you get may not be the best.
4.0 : Professor Pollack focuses a lot on the basics and provides a lot of examples in class. Lectures often consist of content, then example problems. He is very helpful if you go to office hours as well so carve out some time for that if you are not feeling up to par.
5.0 : Holy cow, what an amazing professor. Professor Pollack is probably the most helpful teachers I have ever had. His lectures are clear, informative, and not that boring. He's incredibly kind and will help you with anything if you go to his office hours. I don't know all of the Math 125 lecturers here, but Pollack is definitely one of the best.
4.0 : This class was probably one of my favorites last quarter because of Professor Pollack. His lectures were very clear and he clearly explained the examples that he did in class. It really helped me to attend the classes and take notes because he doesn't post the examples on the website. The tests were challenging but not unreasonable.
4.5 : Pollack is a great lecturer. Sometimes can get a little boring if you already know the material, but that's expected. His explanations are super clear and he welcomes questions from students so the class environment is relaxed. He chose good problems to go over in lecture that prepared us well for midterms. Midterms were also relatively easy.
3.0 : Her lectures are very fast paced and hard to follow. A good TA is a must if you want any chance at doing well. Other than that she's extremely knowledgeable just not always as clear as you would like in lecture.
5.0 : I really liked Kier. This class was a total elective for me, but she made IR theory make sense to me. Lectures were effectively structured and easy to take notes on. She's willing to discuss issues with students, and seems to legitimately value their opinions. I didn't do the assigned readings (shh), but you *should* if you want to actually learn.
4.0 : She's not a bad lecturer or teacher, but for some reason seems to believe her class needs to graded extremely harshly. My class had a 2.8 average on tests, which is unheard of for Liberal Arts. She's just very unclear on what you need to know for the tests, and then grades them very hard on top. Wouldn't recommend if you like your GPA.
2.0 : boring and monotone...the content of her class is interesting, but presented in a very boring manner!
3.5 : Unclear and harsh grader, boring lectures
4.5 : Kier is a great professor. She's a good lecturer and she's really knowledgeable. She's willing to provide help if you visit her office hours and she's very easy to get along with.
2.0 : If Mercer is available, I strongly advise you to take him. If you enjoy political cartoons that horribly connect arguments to lecture, then take Kier and enjoy the roller coaster. She's not a bad professor, but UW definitely has better profs that lecture on relevant arguments.
4.0 : I came out of the class with a 3.7. Getting a good grade isn't impossible if you do all the readings, show up to class, and dedicate a week prior to the exams reviewing your notes and doing the practice exams. Attending office hours is a very good idea if you want to clear up any questions before a test. Answer all test questions in great detail
2.0 : Her tests are extremely difficult and require extreme detail in answers. Very text reliant class. Otherwise really nice and she was informative. Her lectures were dull though, even though content was interesting.
5.0 : Extremely helpful. Took her class on IR and found it incredibly helpful. She's super knowledgeable in the topic and provides extremely good feedback on your work. Also let me pick a really cool paper topic and was really supportive in providing advice for my research. Overall a really really pleasant human being.
5.0 : Very well respected by students (so much so that she's been cited in various IR Facebook discussions my friends have had). Also clearly a person who cares about and respects her students opinions both in class and in OHs. Even when she doesn't have the answers to tough questions  (and she usually does), she knows which sources to point you to.
4.0 : She is nice as a person and professional and knowledgeable as a professor and lecturer. Suzanne is passionate about his field and is able to pass knowledge to her students. Yes her tests are kind of hard especially there are some numbers/years and definitions that you need to remember. GEOG 245 is still a good course for 200-level geog.
5.0 : Love Professor Withers! GEOG 317 revolved around a lot of basic statistics concepts, so it wasn't too difficult if you have some previous stats experience. Definitely not a class where you just memorize stuff. In-class exercises are great because she helps you out if you're struggling, and is really nice about it!
2.0 : Her lectures are boring and she does not grade any of the projects created in class. The TA does the grading and the TAs vastly vary in how they grade. Withers is also a professor that doesn't encourage students with differing opinions to speak up which makes class boring and have a lot of "I agree" type comments.
4.0 : Assignments are straight forward but a time commitment if you are technology savvy. Lots of creating data visualizations/maps through computer programs. Lectures are somewhat boring - I would count down the minutes. Tests are specific and requires memorization of definitions (T/F, free response, short essay)
4.0 : Professor Hevly is awesome! While he does occasionally mention humorous or "fun fact" topics that won't be on tests, these are brief and, in my opinion, one of the best aspects of taking his classes. He clearly has a passion for his subject and encourages participation, as he wants his students to also be passionate and curious as well.
4.0 : Dr. Hevly was awesome. Probably the best lecturer I've experienced. Incredibly knowledgeable, and willing to clarify if asked. Tests are understandable if you show up and pay attention, but still a challenge. Top-notch professor, very highly recommended.
4.0 : Wonderful professor with interesing lectures. He is humorous but you should listen to catch all his jokes! Allowed revisions on midterms and essays. Be prepared to read 20-30 pages per class. Not too nit picky as a grader, but gives lots of contructive criticism.
4.0 : I am a junior- and Professor Hevly is the best lecturer I've had yet. Every lecture is passionate, incredibly intelligent, and interesting. He's also not afraid to throw in a joke here and there. Work load as an upper level history class wasn't bad. He is very flexible with paper deadlines and gives a lot of freedom with prompts. Would take again!
3.5 : Very interesting material. Significant amount of reading. Graded assignments are fairly easy, but it took a long time to get graded examspapers back. Extremely well-organized course
5.0 : Prof Hevly is awesome! He is so passionate about his subject and you can tell he loves to teach! Sometimes he can be a little hard to follow, but he does a great job of answering any questions you have in lecture. His lectures were so enthusiastic and he really cared about his students. You definitely have to work in this class, but it is worth it!
3.0 : Nice guy and very knowledgeable but lectures were super dry. Unless you're interested in the class topic, I wouldn't recommend. Our class was small so he allowed for essay and exams to be resubmitted which was great but he doesn't give great feedback and is a pretty tough grader. Easy class though. Show up, take notes, and read the material.
5.0 : Fantastic lecturer, and very approachable. Readings were well-chosen, engaging and insightful. Workload was decidedly light: 150 pages (or fewer) per week, plus easy weekly response (1-2 pages) papers -- but doing the readings is essential to passing. Also be prepared to study hard for exams. Amazing class -- you will learn a ton. Great prof.
4.5 : JARRED IS TALKATIVE AND HE ALWAYS SHARES HIS INSIGHT OF THE MARKET AND FINANCIAL NEWS WITH ME. YOU DONT REALLY NEED TO DO THE READING ON TEXTBOOK, BUT DO READ THE MATERIALS ON THE COURSE-PACK AND KEEP TRACK OF EVERYTHING HE TEACHES IN CLASS. AS LONG AS YOU FIGURE OUT ALL THE HOMEWORK PROBLEMS AND DO WELL IN HIS QUIZZES, YOU WILL BE FINE.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I have ever had. Explains things so well, piques your interest, and is funny too.
5.0 : Jarrad is my fav professor so far at the UW, his lectures are interesting, he has a passion for finance and the combination of the course pack and old tests posted online make this class not too tough!
5.0 : Dope dope dope teacher. Tests are hard though.
5.0 : The best professor I've had at UW by far. He is a fantastic teacher and explainer. He will do his best to give relevant examples and will provide relevant  assignments and some of his personal experience to help reinforce concepts for students.  Harford is also HILARIOUS and everyone in the class cracks smiles every day. TAKE FIN350 WITH HARFORD.
3.5 : Jarrod is a great professor who explains concepts well in his lectures. The class is though, but if you put in the time it is not too bad. Past quizes and exams are posted, which make for great study material.
5.0 : Best prof at uw
5.0 : Best prof at UW! Super engaging, hilarious, answers questions clearly and lets you ask lots of questions. He really wants you to succeed and enjoy finance. He has lots of examples and past tests to practice with, which is the best way to study. Wish I could take every finance class with Harford.
4.0 : Professor Harford is definitely one of the better Finance professors. He gives you all his old exams, including quizzes. In the case of the midterm and final, I found them to be exceptionally difficult. I went to office hours, study sessions, did MyFinanceLab -- still found myself struggling. Hammer in the concepts day by day... it will save you!
4.0 : Professor Harford is definitely one of the better Finance professors. He gives you all his old exams, including quizzes. In the case of the midterm and final, I found them to be exceptionally difficult. I went to office hours, study sessions, did MyFinanceLab -- still found myself struggling. Hammer in the concepts day by day... it will save you.
4.0 : I'll start by saying I bombed the final, but loved the class. My GPA was not strong because of one slip up, but Jarrad was such an amazing professor. He used humor, intellect, everything to convey his ideas strongly. The coursepack is a must, and the online homework is also a must to bump up your grade a bit. Do not fall behind or go ahead.
5.0 : If you can, take finance from Jarrad. The concepts are challenging, but he makes the class quite doable. You receive all the resources you need to do well including multiple practice test and quizzes. The textbook really isn't necessary and the homework is optional. There are 2 tests, 3 quizzes, and 2 group case assignments which are very doable.
5.0 : First, off, this class is extremely difficult. That being said, Harford is an excellent professor. He gives adequate examples, and explains things very clearly. If you stay on top of the work and don't try to cram, you have a high chance for success. Take it in pieces, and study old examsquizzes thoroughly. Also has a very witty sense of humor.
5.0 : Like other reviews have said, Harford is an amazing professor. He's very engaging and has an incredible mastery of finance. That being said, this is a difficult class. The exams were brutal and you will have to work for it (don't even think about cramming!). Go to class everyday and study regularly.
4.5 : Great professor, wish I could take every class with him. Give yourself plenty of time to study for the exams, and master the practice exams. If you do this you'll kick ass.
4.5 : LOVED his lectures. Very entertaining and thorough + He has good humor. Would definitely take his class again.
5.0 : Hands down my favorite professor of all time. His lectures are spectacular and his sense of humor makes learning fun.
3.0 : Well, the professor has a sense of humor while giving lectures. I like that. But it's a hard class with tons of readings. What's more, he doesn't have powerpoint. Only outlines. So if you are an international student whose first language is not English. I don't suggest you take this class during freshman year. I had a hard time catching up details.
4.5 : This class was a very interesting and fairly easy course. What makes it all the more better, is that professor Mercer is a humorous and engaging lecturer, who clearly understands the topic materials in the course, and is very willing to help out with any outstanding questions. Would completely recommend for majors and non-majors such as myself
5.0 : Mercer could slay a dragon with his bare hands while simultaneously riding off into the sunset with the beautiful girl. Seriously though, this guy is a gift to the Political Science department. His lectures are always super engaging and his passion for the material is second to none. The class itself is a bit tough but with Mercer, you'll be fine
4.0 : Mercer is incredible. He delivers the information really well and is funny in the process. You can see his passion through how he teaches. Great class and amazing professor!
5.0 : Amazing professor, solidified my interest in becoming a poli sci major. Definitely one of my favorites at UW
5.0 : He has strict rules during his lecture, and hates people coming in late or talking or not paying attention in class. His tests are difficult and some of the lecture material is confusing if you don't do the readings. But he's an amazing lecturer overall, very passionate about international politics. He is really nice and humble during office hours!
5.0 : A really interesting professor that keeps you engaged throughout the whole lecture. Quiz sections are useful and the 10 mins you spend discussing the current NYT stories is both interesting and useful. Biggest problem was the test was very rushed (50 mins for 2 essays and 4 short answers) and primarily focused on memorization.
5.0 : Mercer is the greatest, his class is so interesting and he is interested in what he is teaching. He will come around and talk one on one before lecture which is great, plus he cracks a lot of dad jokes. I love him, probably the best prof yet!
5.0 : Best professor I've had at UW, definitely want to keep my eyes open to see what else he's teaching. His lectures are so engaging and he keeps them interesting, so you almost want to go to class. If you attend section and the lectures, not that muhc outside effort is necessary. AMAZING 100% No textbook, also super awesome.
5.0 : A really good lecturer. I was deciding between majoring in political science and another subject I loved. His lectures made me so intrigued. They got me so interested in international politics that I ended up choosing poli sci over the other subject.  And he's pretty good looking too.
5.0 : Really one of the best lecturers I've had. Super nice guy. I've taken two courses of his now and they've both been stellar. Just don't be late unless getting called out in front of a lecture hall is your thing.
5.0 : Mercer was great. The class is challenging in that it really pushes you to think. Unfortunately if you do not attend nearly every lecture your work is cut out for you. Readings are required weekly, but if you are good at BSing readings, you can get away with skipping a few and reading them before the midterm. His lectures are really good, go!
5.0 : I really liked Professor Brown. He was very interesting and made the lectures fun, especially for a topic like Political Geography. He is very caring and he learns everyone's name in the class. He wants students to succeed. 3 Papers, a couple reading packets, 1 Final and a few in class worksheets. Fairly easy class. Definitely recommend.
4.0 : Great professor. Clear, concise, and inspirational; Brown understands the material very well. Although class is not mandatory, it is best to attend as he has weekly in-class assignments (1pt. ea), which eventually adds up. No in class tests, only 3 essays (easy 3-4 page avg.) and a take home final.
4.0 : Brown was a great prof. He really knew his material and would always answer my questions.
4.5 : Engaging lectures.  Thorough.  Clear expectations.
4.0 : Great Professor! Tests are non-existent and take home essays are fairly easy. Do not lose easy points by not attending class (In-class wkshts).  Although Brown does not test students on the assigned reading(s), I highly suggest that you do it as it will be of great help on the final essay. I got away with not reading, but don't be like me. :D
3.0 : This is a flipped class just like ESS 212.  The regular class can be boring and awkward, hopefully he'll make some adjustments for future quarters.  The weekly quizzes count a lot for your grade and can be very tough if you don't prepare adequately.  Just keep an open mind, it's great material.
5.0 : He is an amazing professor. He outlines the material well and is always there to give advice.
4.0 : I really do like Professor Lape-- he's funny and knows when he needs to take subjects slower. He's a really experienced archaeologist, both in the field and museum. The final is a paper and he gives feedback on the draft, but it's hard to tell what to do with it.
5.0 : This was my first class I took &amp; I was really intimidated at first because this was a level 400 class but once we got started it was really straight forward. Do the reading assignments and show up to class, and take down notes. Everything he says is relevant to passing the mid term and final. He's a fantastic professor just make sure to study a lot
5.0 : Outstanding professor, extremely knowledgeable, no surprises on exam, attend class and you will be fine.
4.0 : Professor Pyle is very inspirational and the content of the class is great, but the structure of the class is awful! Your grade is based off the midterm, final and term paper. That's it. If you don't attend every lecture and write down EVERY word he says, you'll struggle with the exams. Skipping isn't worth the risk. Trust me...
4.0 : Professor Pyle is an incredible scholar. He is clearly passionate/compassionate, and it was totally inspiring listening to him. **WARNING** for his 424 class: Amazing lectures, but the TAs were very unfair in grading. I received a 3.0 despite attending every class and writing pretty solid papers, which received  nit-picky, unhelpful comments.
5.0 : A genius and giant in the field of Modern Japanese History. Do not hesitate to take his class if you see it! He has not only had your parents generation, but your grandparents as well. Best teach I ever had. TAs are helpful, but lecture is where the real gold shines. OK-ish singing voice.
5.0 : very old and very smart. good nihongo.
4.5 : Extremely knowledgeable and clearly demonstrates his expertise. Very occasionally shows off his personal relationships with Japans founding thinkers and reformers. Very willing to give help and guidance if you care to come to his office hours. Honors student commitment while grading tougher. His courses highly recommended.
5.0 : I have taken multiple classes from Prof. Pyle, and I would take anything he teaches in a heartbeat. He is sweet, caring, and crazy intelligent. His lectures not only include amazing and important information, but he also peppers in some amazing stories from his life that put in perspective just how qualified he is to be teaching these courses.
4.5 : Super clear and direct teacher, all the online quizzes are pretty easy if you read the two assigned books. If you have any questions after class she'll be happy to help.
5.0 : Supergood class but difficult.
4.0 : If this is a class that you are looking for an easy A in, it may not be the best option. Tests were pretty difficult. However, if you put in a good amount of time throughout the whole quarter you should be good for a 3.4+
3.0 : This is a tough 3 credit course. It's more work than a 5 credit course I'm also taking this quarter. Its 100% memorization based about things you probably haven't heard anything about before so it's all new. Just one midterm and a final which means good test grades are crucial for a good grade in the class. I like Connors but not this class.
3.0 : This class was supposed to be an easy grade for a core distribution requirement, but boy, was I mistaken.  The class is based on the midterm and final only, so you've gotta stay on top of your game the entire quarter. If you don't want to put in some serious effort, do not take this class.
5.0 : Grade entirely based on a midterm and final which is great if you need to prioritize your other classes. She really cared that everyone did well so she said if we did better on the final than the midterm it would count for our entire grade, and she made the final easier. She made lecture outlines for reviewing, helpful if you show up to class.
4.5 : She's great! Interesting lectures, tries to be available for help, and really cares if you understand the material. She's a little disorganized, so a few times she was late because she was doing last minute printingplanning. Tests are straight forward, and the project was open-ended; the only requirements was 10 total sources.
5.0 : Professor Connors is really nice and knowledgable in classic mythology. The lectures were like storytelling and very interesting. The work load is heavy for a 3-credit class. The 700-page textbook is extremely helpful, I read the whole book and got full mark. As she promised, everything on the exam is included in lecture outlines posted on Canvas.
4.0 : I find Greek &amp; Roman mythology really interesting so I loved this class. The lectures summarized the book, so you didn't really need to read. The grading is solely based off the midterm and final, and when a majority of the class didn't do well on the midterm, she changed the grading scale to give them a second chance!
4.5 : She is a WONDERFUL professor - I highly recommend taking any of her classes, even if you're not super excited about classics. She is the "master of forgiveness" and is very lenient about certain due dates. She knows a lot and really enriches the experience, and is just overall a lovely, enthusiastic, and caring person.
4.0 : Professor Connors is the head of the department so she really cares about the material. Her grading criteria can seem unclear at first but in the end all she cares about is that you try class. She is also a super nice person who is happy to work with you outside of class.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had at UW!
5.0 : The best Math professor I had ever. Though the course is not easy, he taught everything really clear. And he always answer questions on discussion board. Love the class so much.
5.0 : Good lord this class was hard and the amount of HW he assigns every week is absolutely ridiculous.
5.0 : I was in Dr. Lee's math 444 and 445 class during summer quarter.  I have to admit that it was one of the best math courses I have ever taken at UW. Lectures are super interesting and clear. Read the textbook and attend discussion sessions (really helpful) and you won't regret it. I highly recommend taking his class because you will learn a lot.
4.0 : He is the best. I enjoyed math in his class more than ever! Absolutely reccommend!
5.0 : Prof Chun has a lot of experience so she tells a lot of interesting stories about her time as a grad student and at a clinical practice. She's super nice and funny and grades are based on exams and a couple short papers. Easy to pass and get a good grade if you go to class because she writes down notes with the class and doesn't post them.
5.0 : One of my favorite professor!! She is so awesome! Absolutely love her class! Her lectures are very interesting and she has so many stories from her clinical experience which I find very useful and help a lot with understanding the concepts.
4.5 : standard uw psych class. several midterms. all multiple choices. never used the textbook. You have to attend every lecture to get the notes. The notes are essential to pass the class. One paper.
5.0 : This was a great class!!! Need to attend in order to copy the notes needed to study. Just study notes for  exams and you'll be fine. Also participate in quiz section.
5.0 : Debbie Chun is one the kindest professors I've known, and Abnormal Psych was, without a doubt, my favorite class I've taken at UW. The information is interesting, the lectures are engaging, and Dr. Chun contributes so much, from personal anecdotes to excellent lecture delivery. Exams are pretty easy and getting a good grade is very manageable.
5.0 : Super nice and responds to emails promptly. She will offer you a lot of help and explanation if need be. Lectures are very fun and interesting to listen to. Test questions are a bit tricky at times and no extra credit if the class average is relatively high. Overall should be easy 3.5+ class.
5.0 : Really good prof! All her exams are based on lecture notes and the class is super easy to follow since she posts lecture outlines that you just follow along with in class. DO NOT BUY THE TEXTBOOK.
5.0 : Professor Chun is amazing. She really respects and cares about her students and she uses her vast experiences as examples a lot in class. Really interesting course and her expectations are clear. Great lectures, print out the lecture notes and go to class. I highly recommend the review sessions. Most interesting class I've taken.
5.0 : She has very clear expectations of the students which I love. Her study guides are amazing as well as her lecture notes. However, if you don't show up you miss a lot.
5.0 : She is always enthusiastic on teaching abnormal psych. Textbook is not at all necessary. She has these lecture outlines she fills out in class, so dont skip class. 3 midterms and the essay. The essay is a lot easier than you think, the hard part was just finding enough background information.
5.0 : She is a sweetheart, cares about students way more than any other prof. Works with your schedule, allows late/absent submissions. Wants to get to know you, lets you skip a week of classes if you have a valid reason. She is very kind and wonderful. Gives you the highest possible GPA even if you deserve way less.
3.0 : prof. Kasaba shows up for lecture and puts on a good show. Overall, I don't think he's very interested in students (read undergrads) as people and don't count on him to ever ask you a question but he is very confident, not someone who seems like they are out seeking knowledge.
5.0 : Such a wonderful professor (smart, hilarious, and engaging) and an incredibly caring leader of the Jackson School. I absolutely ADORE Kasaba.
5.0 : He is an amazing teacher, truly one of the best at UW. He really cares about his students and their learning. The class is extremely easy but I always looked forward to going to class because it was so interesting. Almost impossible not to get above a 3.5.
5.0 : Joe is the best. He typically gives his students every Friday off and makes that day an extra day for office hours. He goes the extra mile when teaching concepts and fully engages students. He went so far as to send me my hand graded final by snail mail at the end of the quarter. UW needs more professors like Joe.
4.0 : Toby's a good professor but he's pretty much all-business. He's been teaching this same course for 15+ years so he pretty much just recites a memorized monologue every lecture. There's no real student interaction. It's not hard to get an A but showing up to class and taking notes is essential. It's a fun class and not a lot to stress about
3.5 : His lectures were great, very interesting and up-to-date. Great introductory course to take and he will keep you interested and in awe in his lectures and the information he presents.
4.0 : He knows what he's talking about, and he wants YOU to learn . Workload was reasonable and HW was simple--there's one assignment per week that takes about 15 minutes. You need to go to lecture and take notes in order to ace the quizzes, but his lectures are so interesting that you won't mind. Going to take his 150 class next quarter!
5.0 : Toby made this class so much fun and really loved what he was lecturing about. He was super accessible outside of class, and is a really funny guy. He is so easy to talk to, he answered any questions extremely well and really cared about learning. Would definitely recommend this class
5.0 : Having Toby this quarter has been absolutely amazing. Toby is one of the better professors at UW and super passionate about his subject. He really knows his stuff on the topic and he clears up confusion without missing a beat. Don't skip a lecture otherwise you're screwed but go to class and it's an easy A.
4.0 : Toby is a pretty great instructor. I took this class mostly for NW credits, but I ended up learning a lot of fascinating material. Attendance for his lectures is necessary; the tests are mostly comprised of what he directly says in class (not on the slides). Take good notes and study hard. Labs were fine, and homework is minimal.
5.0 : Toby is incredibly passionate and enthusiastic about what he teaches, and it shows. His lectures are super entertaining and keep me interested despite being early in the morning. Toby let me take an exam early and even let me turn in my homework late for full points with an excuse, so he's very flexible and my favorite lecturer.
5.0 : Toby Smith is literally the best! I took this class for NW credit, but ended up loving it so much!!! It's an easy class and Toby makes it super interesting!  The quizzes and homework are very easy too! I learned a lot from him and I would definitely take it again if I can!
5.0 : Most interesting class I have taken at Uw and couldn't imagine it with any other professor.  Also if you pay attention in class it should not be hard at all to 4.0
4.5 : Toby is funny and interesting and each lecture has something cool to learn. He really loves the moon and he makes you love it too. Dope teacher
5.0 : Toby is amazing and he is very passionate about the Apollo missions. He makes the lectures sound so interesting and I just wanted to learn more about the Moon. The homeworks and online quizzes are very easy, make sure to do them. Exams are a bit tricky, understand the concepts and you'll do fine. He is a fair grader and one of my favorite lecturer.
4.5 : One of the best classes I've taken at UW. Taking him again next quarter
4.5 : Funny, energetic and clear with main points. Lecture slides vague, need to come to pass. Quizzes straightforward, he almost says the main points word-for-word like the quiz questions. Homeworks easy. Tests a bit difficult because theyre short answer and he looks for specific points rather than main points, that's where most people lose points
5.0 : I am super interested in astronomy, but I don't have a strong science background. He has this class running so efficiently and my TA was very helpful when needed. Lectures are a must, not just because it's packed with info, but also because he's hilarious and engaging. I learned more in the first week of class than any other space related course.
4.5 : Toby was awesome! His lectures are pretty much strictly verbal which takes some getting used to, but his tests are very fair. They require minimal math skills and otherwise just reciting info from lecture. No textbook so that's a plus. Overall I would definitely take a class with Toby again!
5.0 : Toby was an AWESOME professor! Hands down one of the best classes I've taken at UW. His lectures are posted online, but you should go to class anyway because oftentimes he'll just use pictures or a few words per slide. If you go to class and read the textbook, you will have no problem doing well in this class.
5.0 : What an amazing professor. So helpful and so obviously cares about students. Class is interesting too. Make sure to take this one with Toby.
4.0 : Smith is an amazing lecturer and makes dull subject matter very interesting to learn about. The class gets a little long in the second quarter but it's completely easy. Show up and you'll get a good grade.
5.0 : GREAT class! If you need a nw, take this class! Not hard at all but does require you to go to lecture because his powerpoint slides are meaningless if you don't go. Super interesting though and Toby is very passionate and very interesting to listen to. Tests aren't hard if you go to lecture and study. Requires almost no work outside of class.
5.0 : Take his class. You won't regret it. Attendance is essentially required since his ppt slides are just pictures and there is no textbook. Not a difficult class at all, and the TAs are all helpful (I had Phoebe, she's amazing!) Good chill class if you have a rough quarter and need a filler.
4.0 : Smith is a fantastic, energetic lecturer who is also very helpful if you ask for it. Only downside is that this course was not supposed to be mathematical, yet there was math involved in nearly every lab. If you suffer with math or science, I would suggest taking another class. Otherwise, Smith is excellent!
4.0 : Toby is a great astronomy professor and superb lecturer. Most of his content comes from lectures, but he makes it interesting. His tests aren't too difficult if you take good notes. Be careful of your TA, if you end up with a bad one, you will have to do extra to get a good grade.
4.5 : Toby was one of my favorite professors of my first year. Funny, very smart, organized, and knows how to keep people interested! Homework was nearly non-existent, which was great! Lectures are posted online, but just slides. No textbook, so participation counts!
2.0 : The class was ok, what I didn't like the most is the prof. He talks really fast and sometimes mumbles. Also his lectures were not screencasted so you basically need to be in his lectures all the time. It was hard for me to follow the lectures as an international student b/c im still learning the English language. My TA was okay she was not helpful.
5.0 : He is one of the most entertaining lecturers I've ever had the pleasure to be taught by. While the material itself is just amazing, he also adds to it with his hilarious sense of humor. If you pay attention, you will do fine. The practice exams are very important because they show you what kind of answers he is looking for on the actual exams.
5.0 : Lectures very interesting and informative. Toby was very easy to listen to and kept your attention. I greatly enjoyed this class and would take his again
3.5 : No book  happy wallet, but YOU CAN'T SKIP LECTURES!! On his website there are previous years midterms and finals (the only 2 tests in the class),  slideshows from lectures, online resources &amp; his grading criteria. He likes detailed answers on tests... take a minute to look at the grading guidelines online. Great professor&amp;good sense of humor.
5.0 : Toby is an incredible teacher! He knows so much about space. His lectures are really engaging. But you HAVE to show up. He doesn't record his lectures and there are few words on his powerpoints. Tests can be difficult because he expects detailed answers. But there is only a midterm and a final, so it's not too bad.
4.0 : His lectures are AMAZING! There's nothing quite like them. They're over an hour long, but they go by really fast. I cannot stress how awesome his lectures are. He makes everything sound interesting. Wouldn't miss his lectures for the world (plus, you have to attend his lectures because that's the only way you're going to pass. There's no textbook).
3.0 : He's an awesome prof. I am a freshman and he's made the transition  easy for me. He has really interesting lectures (I hate astronomy-I think it's super boring). You have have have to be in class because his tests are purely lecture based. He posts his lecture slides online, but doesn't really help  because there's no commentary just pictures.
4.5 : This class was amazing! The way that Toby presents materials is so clear to his students. Throughout the course I've had questions during the lecture about something being unclear or not making sense based on the material presented and without fail he has clarified without me even having to ask. Would take again!
5.0 : Awesome course. Absolutely must go to class - the PowerPoints he uses (and makes available afterwards) are mainly visuals with very little text, so they're not super helpful if you haven't heard the lecture. Super enthusiastic - he's one of those people that's so fluent in their field that they can make it simple for the uninitiated to learn about.
5.0 : Literally I look forward to his lectures all the time, and I'm not even interested that much in astronomy. His lectures are clean, and straight to the point, and are easy to understand. I love Toby.
4.0 : Toby is a genius, he really knows his stuff. He speaks relatively fast in lecture, so you have to pay attention. Missing just one lecture can hurt your grade, it's your only resource for the material since he doesn't record lecture or put many words on his slides online. Be wary of his tests- no study guides, short essay answers. Challenging!
4.5 : Toby is hands down the most helpful professor I have ever had. Take this class, you won't regret it.
3.5 : Toby Smith is  the most fun and engaging professor I have ever had. He makes the subject interesting and is one of the most entertaining people I have ever been around. Extremely enthusiastic. "Mammals in this room taking notes" seems to be his favorite line, and I would love it if somebody could count how many times during the quarter he says it.
5.0 : Toby is one of the most exciting profs I've ever taken a class from. His lectures are vibrant and filled with real world applications. Just make sure you go to class, if you don't, you wont pass. The subject matter is also very interesting, its all conceptual astronomy with focus on the solar systems rocky worlds. Take this class if you like astro.
5.0 : Pros: An amazing professor that knows his stuff, can answer anything that is related to the class, funny but something monotonous. There's no textbook and the slides are pretty useless, contain images more than content. In his class, note taking is essential where the lectures are not being recorded. An easy class if you have notes or study groups.
5.0 : When you close your eyes and picture the ideal class that is unique to a big school like UW, Toby's class is what you're seeing. Large lecture hall filled with wide-eyed students listening to a master of his field delivering a confident, exciting lecture about the mysteries of the solar system.
5.0 : If you ask me, she only wanted summary from the textbook. Once I wrote things I know from reading media and my personal analysis of the topic, she deducted point off from my discussion, so I thought thorough summary was all she wanted. So I learned to stick strictly to writing the summary when I had to write analysis from the class. Good prof.
5.0 : subject knowledge came across clearly in her lectures. I fell in love with a subject I had no prior exposure to.
5.0 : Dr. Hanneman is extremely knowledgeable of her field. She has a great personality and gets along well with her students.  Pay attention to her lectures because her easy going way may lead you to be relaxed (its a very comfortable class to be in) but, she tests off of mostly lecture info so don't let it fool you. Go to class &amp; take good notes!
4.5 : AWESOME PROFESSOR! She is very understanding with situations. I recently got married and missed an entire class but once you get the hand of her teaching method you can succeed for sure in this class. She uses the outline on the board well too. She's a real neat person to get to know, awesome personality. Taking another class of hers!
3.0 : It was a bit hard to know her grading criteria, and readings were hard. However, she was really easy on grading essays or else I wd have ended up with lower grades than what I got. It was an online class so it was hard to know her tone when she left comments, but I think she cares about her students a lot. She provides valuable feedback to essays.
2.0 : He uses old school slides in class so if you don't show, you miss out. TONS of readings. I do not suggest this class unless you are a pre law student. The 2 mid terms and final are essay-style and graded by your TA, so depending on how they are, it is a little subjective. I wish I hadn't taken this class because it will significantly drop my GPA.
4.0 : He uses an overhead, but his lecture notes are super helpful. They were so clear, I never did any of the readings and still understood all of them perfectly well. He's an eloquent lecturer, and can make boring information more interesting and accessible.
5.0 : Its a really good class. Its slightly more demanding than your usual 3 credit course. But read the book, go to lecture, read the weekly readings and you'll do fine. It's actually quite easy to retain the information he teaches. It's relevant to our generation.
5.0 : Neurobehavioral lab requires a big group project all quarter, you'll be in a group with 2 other people and have to take care of a rat, run experiments, and do a presentation so choose wisely. Prof Diaz is super helpful and clear on what's expected of students, can be long winded but he's just being thorough. One of the best profs in the psych dept!
5.0 : Best Teacher at UW. So passionate and knowledgeable. I never felt like coursework was work, it was fun!
5.0 : Professor Diaz is probably one of my favorite teachers at UW. He's so passionate about this topic (Drugs and Behavior), and that really helps me pay attention in class. There's a weekly exam (10 total), lots of memorization but he gives 20+ extra credit points (and more on every exam), so it's not too difficult to ace this class.
5.0 : HE IS A REAT TEACHER!!!! I would highly recommend to take his class. He manages to hold your attention the entire time. I loved it
4.0 : Dr. Diaz is very clear with his explanations and an amiable professor overall! The class itself is challenging with 10 weekly tests but numerous extra credit opportunities will save your day. Doesn't really reply to your email so save your time by visiting his office hour instead. This is an eye-opening class that everyone definitely should take!
5.0 : My favorite professor here at UW. He is great at lectures. Provides Panapto recordings too, this way students who miss class won't miss much. Students will also be able to review the lectures to study for the weekly exams too. I like the opportunities he gives for extra credit. Although, there is a lot of material to cover for the weekly exams.
5.0 : Dr. Diaz is wonderful at teaching and totally engages you. You must come to class so you can practice with the brain. You cannot be afraid of rats because you will be exposed to them here. Not much homework until the practicum. Study hard and get started on the presentation ASAP. Talk to him about your ideas because he will help you.
2.0 : He focuses solely on rote memorization. I never went to class and got over 100% in the class. Too much work for 3 credits. Take it with someone else if possible.
5.0 : I had been looking forward to this class for a long time and Dr. Diaz did not disappoint. This was my first class with him and I will certainly try to take more. Be prepared to read along with his lectures. If you are passionate about learning how drugs effect the CNS and various other aspects of the body and mind, this will not be a problem,take i
3.0 : Even though this is a 3 credit class, it felt like 5. There is a lot of interesting material he covers, however he has weekly quizzes which means he only lectures 2 of the 3 days. Graders look for very specific answers (lose points if its not like the answer key) which is frustrating. You can do well, if you are willing to put in the effort.
5.0 : He made the material extremely interesting and was very good at explaining harder concepts. Definitely my favorite professor at UW.
5.0 : NO CURVE! but gives about 8 pts xc throughout course! One practicum, all memorization! The rest of grade is based on day to day lab procedures and presentation preparation (&amp; prez as well). You work with rats &amp; dissect sheep brains. BEST CLASS EVER! take it! you'll do well!!
4.5 : There is a lot of material to be covered from week to week, but he is extremely passionate about the topics of drugs, so it helps. If you're looking for a 3-cr class to fill your schedule, just keep in mind that you're still going to have to do a lot of memorization before each quiz. Grading can be on the rougher side, but he gives out a lot of EC.
5.0 : I've taken 3 classes with professor Diaz and they were all my favorites. His way of teaching requires you to be on top of the material. Exams are short answers, every week, with extra credit opportunity. He cares a lot about his students and can be really witty and funny.
5.0 : Best teacher at UW by far. Had him in PSYCH322 before taking his lab, and consider them to be my favorite classes in college.
4.0 : Professor Diaz is an amazing professor, who truly makes you interested in the course material. This class met twice a week, attendance points were given. Do one presentation with a group, two small papers, and that's it.
5.0 : The course is very organized and he knows the content well and is organized. Lovely personality with lots of care. Weekly quizzes, that are 20 + 2 ex cr point questions. There's Panopto. Uses tophat. Cares about teaching method and his effectiveness. Use PowerPoint to study, and other documents assigned. Very content reflected exams.
4.5 : Jaime really shines in both this class and Psych 322. This class in particular is heavy on participation but Jaime makes a point to ensure all students recieve some time with him to work out any problems they might have. Expects quality work from his students but teachs in a way that makes you want to impress him. I would highly recommend 332.
5.0 : Amazing professor who's passionate about what he's teaching and cares about his students. There are 10 quizzes (1 per week), participation points (super easy) and discussion points. He also provides like 25+ extra credit points b/c he doesn't want you stuck on JUST taking notes, but really wants you to absorb the material in class. Super chill too!
4.0 : He is very passionate about the topic and very interested in student success. The class was pretty hard because it had a lot of memorization and a ton of material to cover in a short time but he made it interesting. The tests were every week and all short answer so get ready to study but he is usually generous with grading.
5.0 : He's the best tool for learning possible. this class isn't easy but it's because the subject matter is comprehensive. memorization for the brain parts test is all you. The final presentation is all you too but he'll answer any questions. Hes won many student nominations for teaching and he's great. class is hard but hes the best to take it with!
4.5 : A great art professor! Opinionated, helpful, clear, challenging. Great at giving advice and telling you what concepts to focus on in order to improve. Class critiques are the best. His sense of humor and personality make the class feel relaxed.
4.5 : Definitely one of the best professors I've had! Really helpful, great sense of humor! He inspired me a lot!
4.0 : Very inspiring Professor. Great painter and accessible teacher.
5.0 : If you love the planet and realize that it is in dire need of succor, this ART (AaaauueeRrrt...) class is for you. His class is taught as if it were an unpredictable game of chess.  He really knows how to plot the pieces. His paintings may be large but none compare to the size of his caring bosom.
5.0 : Cannot go wrong with this Professor, great experience and a great class.
5.0 : Alex was a great lecturer. I took notes and drew small pictures from lectures but he always posts his powerpoints (pictures only) online. The tests were easy and there was no real midterm or final and everything was online.  *You can save the picture on questions asking to identify the building and the name of the picture is the answer!
4.0 : 4 tests and 2 HW assignments.  Anderson is a very good professor who seems to have an intricate knowledge of architecture.  His lectures veered into listing building after building, but that seems like a natural constraint in this type of class.  Nice guy, too.  Fairly easy VLPA.  Highly recommend Anderson as a professor.
4.0 : Great Prof. overall! He does everything online, including quizzes. Feel free to skip lectures and watch recordings. He is very reasonable and I enjoy his lecture, although some of them are long
5.0 : He records all lectures on Panopto so there's no reason to go to class. All HW and quizzes are online. Extremely easy and interesting VLPA.
4.5 : There is a lot of information covered in this class, but if you attend all of the lectures and take notes you will be fine! Course material is very interesting.
3.0 : His lectures are interesting and is presentation is solid. The class is 4 quizzes that are online and ridiculously easy. There are also 2 assignments that are very easy as well. The lectures are all online but in person they are very boring. Alex is monotone and with the lights so low falling asleep is a problem.
3.0 : Alex is a good guy, but his lectures are kind of boring, not many people show up. Easy A though.
4.5 : I always enjoyed coming to this class. Lectures were interesting and will really make you appreciate and understand buildings so much more.
5.0 : Professor Anderson is a very knowledgable and passionate professor who really cares about student learning rather than just grades. Class is very easy if you review the lecture slides before quizzes and complete the assignments.
5.0 : Love this guy. easy quiz. clear nice voice. He knows a lot more than the class material which is already covers across centuries. Then if you ask him questions, he understands you very well and always give you back his perspective with inspiring and clear answers.
2.0 : An easy class with all tests and assignments online- you really can pass without going to lecture. I was a little disappointed with the content of the course as it seemed more like a history class. I didn't learn very many architecture terms and was unable to get a good grasp of what the architecture department at UW is like.
5.0 : Loved taking 151 with Dr. Anderson. He's very passionate about architecture which made the lectures very interesting. The class times are usually late afternoon so a lot of students end up getting tired and sleepy, including myself, but I usually had to fight it because it was so interesting. Mid-Terms are based on the lecture slides. One HW asign
4.5 : I love this class! Prof. Anderson is really clear, specific, and knowledgeable. He makes a few jokes, and keeps things that might otherwise be dry interesting. It's a fairly easy class, as there's no midterm or final, and the tests are all online in your own time. I really recommend taking one of his classes, and I hope to take more with him.
5.0 : I love him. He's very passionate and clear. I love spending two hours staring at his pictures on the slide while he delves into the topics very well. The class is more of a listening thing. I could not imagine a better architecture class. He is so hot too. The class itself is extremely informative and you learn a lot of facts.
5.0 : Makes lectures interesting and fun, really nice guy too. Overall great prof :)
3.5 : I would dread Tuesdays and Thursdays because I knew I would have to go sit through an hour and a half lecture with 700 other people. Attendance is not important, as he has Panopto. There are four tests (80% of grade) and two easy assignments (20% of grade). This is a easy VLPA class.
5.0 : So nice to take Alex's class.
5.0 : He makes class interesting and is very straightforward with instructions/grading. Always willing to help, great guy and easy class!
4.5 : SUPER EASY VLPA! You don't even need the textbook. You can skip the class and still get an amazing grade.
5.0 : Alex is literally the nicest professor ever. This class was so easy and definitely a GPA booster. Although the lectures are long, it is WORTH IT! There are 4 online exams, open book and there are 2 assignments which take like 5 minutes each. Plus it was interesting learning about the buildings of different civilizations.
4.5 : Great professor, boring material usually. He does the best he can to keep the class awake and interested (even to the point of making fun of his boring lectures). You can tell he cares about the material.  Tests are all open book, so basically you can google the answers in the next tab. Overall, it was decent and it was easy.
4.5 : Alex is a great lecturer. He's clear, concise, and adds just enough humour to keep lectures interesting. I really hope that I can take another course with him in the future.
4.0 : One of the better teachers I've ever had. You can tell he truly cares about the material. He's incredibly fair and understanding as well as a very approachable instructor who takes the time to answer even the seemingly trivial questions. Show him that you care and so will he two times over.   I really hope to take another one of his courses.
2.0 : I like architecture but he made it so boring. He has a monotonous voice that literally put people to sleep in lecture. Online quizzes were tough with questions on material not in lecture or readings (or even Google!) so minimum 98.5% for a 4.0 is ridiculous. If you want an easy GPA booster, look elsewhere. Only lost 5 points total and got 3.8. Ugh.
5.0 : Alex is a FANTASTIC professor. He has an amazing understanding of the material he presents. The reviews below saying he is unhelpful are completely untrue. He welcomes people to his office hours and responded promptly to my emails. Overall the class was great but hard to obtain a 4.0. Easy to obtain a 3.5+ though while not attending any lectures.
5.0 : For anyone looking at potential electives before graduation, Conservation Biology BES 485 is a fantastic course. Martha Groom is a great professor with a wonderful personality. This class goes beyond conservation ideas - it ties in stakeholders, funding, and a unique devil's advocate approach to conservation solutions. Thanks for the great quarter!
5.0 : Martha really cares about her students and it shows. She is accommodating and knows that students have outside lives. There are clear expectations and assignments. This class was amazing and I feel like I got a lot out of it because I put a lot in to it. Excellent professor, excellent class!
4.0 : This class was very atypical in structure. No formal tests what-so-ever (not complaining), and attendance didn't matter (still not complaining). She was very willing to help and clarify anything, and was easy to reach with questions. The final was a community project or a case study (I did a study).
4.0 : I took BIS300 and BES485. I think she is a great person that means well. Expect a lot of smaller assignments. She gets flooded by the end of the quarter with grading. Overall I'd definitely recommend her and her content is fairly interesting. Preferred the BIS300 curriculum to the 485.
5.0 : Probably the most caring professor ive had! She also knows what shes doing. And gave us lots of dark choco! I never write about professors but she was really great! Also, the class is very laid back. But you really have to show up to class.
4.0 : Really easy going. Assigns two papers, midterm and a final. Moved the due dates for papers around for our convenience. Went easy on non-art history majors. Showing up to lecture is a must because she does not post lecture notes/slides. Moved our final to online for convenience. Very clear about what she wants. Easy 4.0
5.0 : Best class ever at Univ of Wash. Her lectures are so engaging, it was like 10 minutes every time in class. Those paintings are so fascinating we all can't resist! If you haven't take this class, go take it! It will make you love art history. More importantly, you will understand deeply about the religion you believe and adhere everyday.
4.5 : Super easy class. Don't buy the book, it's not needed. I thought the subject was very boring but it's easy. She is easy going. Go to lecture and take notes. She gives you a list of artists and paintings to memorize and two essays that are graded easily. She's not good with technology so come to class or you might miss an announcement.
5.0 : You'll need to pay attention and put some effort into this class, but if you do it is well worth it.
4.5 : Prof Casteras is wonderful. She has so much knowledge to share, and she's witty and engaging in her lectures. Wrote every week, but not too much; just a 1-hour assignment. Two short papers and a long one. If you go to her office hours, ask her about Victorian Fairy Painting; she's written extensively on the subject and her commentary is hilarious.
4.5 : Excellent class. I went into it not expecting much but found the subject matter actually fun to learn. Professor Casteras is great and she really cares about whether or not her students succeed. I recommend taking a class from this Instructor, you wont regret it!
4.5 : Go to lecture, take notes on the required pieces, and read the textbook to get overall context/big picture knowledge.  I'm a STEM guy and it wasn't even a tough adjustment, this is really just a class about memorization and a little bit of writing skill
5.0 : Prof. Casteras is delightful, humorous and cultured. She is a leading art historian on American and British art and integrates her experience as a museum curator in lectures. It is a shame her lectures are excruciatingly boring. Extremely clear in her explanations and a fair grader. Make sure to go to class regularly and textbook is unnecessary.
3.0 : Phillip Reid is a terrible professor but he is better the rest of the Chem professors at the UW. He reads off a powerpoint just like the other professors but his tests are a little more reasonable. Stay away from the chemistry department if you can. He would sometimes do weird stuff in the middle of tests whiled on stage
5.0 : Reid is the best professor I've had so far. His lectures were clear and power points were a great tool for studying. He is extremely helpful at office hours and really cares about our learning. Overall, an awesome professor!
3.5 : His midterms will be 80x harder than anything he went over in lecture or gave in Aleks or on his old practice midterms. Be prepared.
5.0 : Professor Reid is really easy to understand.  His powerpoint slides make a lot of sense and the examples are exactly what the questions look like on the midterm/final.  Do the worksheet questions and the extra problems and you should be prepared for the test.
2.5 : Reid is a very tough lecturer. His exams are extremely difficult and pushed for time. He is a really nice guy though!
5.0 : Everything you need is on the lecture slides, don't bother buying the textbook. The tests were all reasonable and he does a great job of simplifying complex material. Just do ALEKS and the practice tests and you'll be fine
4.0 : The tests are really tough, but if you put in the work you'll do okay. Definitely go to office hours, he's SUPER helpful. Also do the book problems &amp; go back through the lecture slides before the tests, he's big on concepts!
4.5 : Probably the best chem professor I've had so far (Took this a few quarters ago). Very clear instructor, straight forward class. Tests are difficult but that is the norm for the chem series, luckily his are all multiple choice, so no big surprises on exams. For 142, reading the book helps especially with the early chapters. Practice problems as well
4.0 : Don't get complacent after the first midterm.  It gets harder but if you do practice problems, read the book, and go to lecture you'll be fine.  I would say his exams are very fair
4.0 : Attendance isn't mandatory, but it helps. There's a lot of information, but she holds review sessions, sends out review sheets, and provides tests from previous quarters to use as a study guide. There's only a midterm, final, and a final paper. There's also a lot of EC opportunities so that's a plus. Cool prof. I'd def take a class with her again.
4.0 : Professor So is clearly passionate about class material and is eager to teach class each day. Heads up, she talks at 200 WPM and you better be ready to break your fingers typing/writing notes. Plus she doesn't post her lectures online, so you have to attend class or make a friend that will do you a solid and take notes for you.
5.0 : Connie is super nice and very understanding. Lectures are clear but long. She gives practice exams for midterms and the final which really helped me pass her midterms. She wants you to pass and gives a lot of extra credit. There is also a final essay in which she gives you the prompt at the beginning of the quarter. Did not start on till dead week.
5.0 : This class was easy, as long as you know a bit of U.S. History, you'll be fine. Connie is amazing and is so much fun. Not too much work, two exams and one short paper. You gotta go to class though, it makes it way easier. Study the old exams and you'll get an A. She's also hilarious. Never a dull moment.
3.5 : If you like learning a lot of information, Connie is your professor. She can speak about 200 words a minute, I swear. I would lose focus in class because she talks faster than I can write, but gives you enough study material for you to do well if you try.
5.0 : Definitely my favorite professor. Super friendly. Lectures informative and time efficient. Just sitting there helps you absorb the material and context. Best part is that though her practice tests are long, they're 90% of what'll be on the test. You definitely reap the time spent studying for them. Skit project: pretty fun and she considers effort.
4.0 : Connie is easily one of my favorite professors at UW. Her lectures are long but energetic and interesting to listen to. She's so nice and likableand gives plenty of extra credit. There's a lot of material and she switches slides quickly, but you can use a phone to take pictures. Get ready to work hard and pay attention, though! Would recommend.
3.5 : Connie is so personable. She's a tough grader and doesn't just let you get by with wrong answers, she'll call you out. But she is so kind and I enjoyed having her as a profressor.
1.0 : Probably the worst professor I had at UW. The exams are based on what she complains about, not what's actually important.
3.0 : WAY TOO MUCH READING. Doesn't consider the fact that students take other classes besides hers. Doesn't have a canvas page, doesn't post lecture slides, doesn't record lectures. If you don't go to class, don't expect to do well. Does give extra credit opportunities.
3.5 : She's a great lecturer, but if you go into office hours for answers, she's not likely to give you the answers and point to a million references and resources. It can be frustrating. On the other hand, you can skip her lectures, as long as you have her past midterms with answers. She reuses at least HALF of past tests. StudySoup has everything.
5.0 : Connie is the best professor I've ever had. Her knowledge and understanding of the material is vast, detailed, and the way she presents the information is lucid and interesting. She's really funny, really snarky, helping us to learn about the hypocrisy in history with a great sense of irony and humour to drive it home. Very nice and very chill!
5.0 : The class can be overwhelming since she talks quickly and expects people to keep up with her pace. That said, she's incredibly open to conversing with people during class breaks and office hours. Really funny, smart, and well-prepared. Definitely one of the best classes I've taken. Just be sure to read, do practice problems, and come to class.
4.0 : Connie is a great professor and clearly enjoys teaching this class. She goes off on many tangents and lectures quickly, but keeps the class engaged with interesting examples. The midterm and final are similar to past exams, so study those. DO THE EXTRA CREDIT. Getting a good grade in this class is easy if you put in the time and effort.
1.0 : Honestly one of the worst professors I've had at UW so far. She doesn't post lecture slides or recordings online, and so you have to go to every lecture or else you'll do poorly on the midterm and final. Also she goes through the lecture slides incredibly fast and there's so much material you're expected to write down. Don't take this class.
2.0 : Connie is knowledgeable about her topics. However, this is the least organized class I've taken. You are penalized for not doing something that wasn't even included in the directions - no rubrics either - and expectations are vague. Doesn't require HW on a daily basis but the last minute stress (because of her lack of set deadlines) isn't worth it.
1.0 : AVOID IF YOU CAN! THE MIDTERM AND FINAL IS UNREASONABLE! She expects us to read seven books and a big course reader. Don't be fooled about the take home midterm/final. They take a ridiculously large amount of time. She does not consider you taking other classes. And she dismissed graduation as if that's something that happens every year.
4.5 : Connie So is very nice and she knows her materials very well. You can tell that she's very passion about her teachings. It's easy to connect with. She is very flexible and willing to extend the deadlines. However, her exams are horrible and I mean horrible. It takes at least 2-3 days to finish and used up 20 pages. Writing it past final week :(
1.0 : This class is interesting but it's trash. Long exam for no reason.
4.0 : She makes it seem like we'll be okay with summaries of everyone's presentation (each student is required to summarize an academic paper), but the take home midterm and final require students to read 500+ pages of academic papers. Very theoretical, difficult class. Connie simplifies things easily, but the fast-paced talks are not for everyone.
5.0 : This was a great class. Yes, it was a little bit unorganized;however, it was not to the point that it affected my ability to score well. The entire exams are based on LECTURES. There isn't a textbook, so those who didn't do well, I am sure did not show up for class. Take detailed notes (helps to collab. via google docs w/ others) and its an easy A.
3.5 : The course is at a very fast pace. The powerpoints are not posted online so attending class is mandatory. DO THE EXTRA CREDITS! They help you understand the content. She provides previous tests to help you study for midterms. She doesn't change the test questions so she's basically handing you the test. Great professor, awesome sense of humor!
3.5 : She gives lots of interesting examples during lectures, and if you can't remember specific information on the exams she'll give you partial credit for the bare minimum. You'll only have to read if you don't take good lecture notes. Be sure to askanswer questions to get participation points (It might be hard since the class size is large).
5.0 : Connie knows her material very well and teaches with passion,
4.0 : Professor So is very passionate and prepared when lecturing for this course. Skim as many of the readings as possible (multiple simple readings that are important for exams and your presentation), do the extra credit, and start your project early. Other than that, it is refreshing to have a class that questions dominant institutions in America.
5.0 : She's the best professor you will ever have.
3.0 : read Ronald Takaki and Howard Zinn - she regurgitates American history in one big pile of throw up. i feel like this class should be called "let me debunk the myths of American history"  read the books and you'll be fine. lecture  boring
4.0 : For a 150-level class, the amount of knowledge you need for the two midterms is kind of insane. You need to know 220+ historical figures/events for each. Not just memorize, but REALLY know the who/what/when/why/where for them all. She does however give practice exams and extra credit. Okay class overall, but seems too hard for only a 150-level.
4.5 : Professor So's isn't interactive with her students, but she is certainly engaging. I have never fallen asleep during one of her lectures. To ace this class all you need to do is attend the lectures, read the main textbook, and do the practice tests. TRUST.
5.0 : Connie's lectures are super energetic and the amount you'll learn in this class is astounding. It's definitely one of the most enjoyable classes I've taken at UW. However it's also one of the hardest outside STEM. For starters, YOU CAN NOT SKIP. Tests are based entirely on lectures, and she doesn't post them online. Also, do the EXTRA CREDIT
5.0 : Connie is very personable and funny. Her passion for the material is evident in the lectures, which are always high energy and never boring.  She also offers an abundance of extra credit opportunities. Take the class. She is wonderful!
3.0 : For a 100 level class for diversity credit, this is one of the hardest classes I've ever taken. Combined with 9:30 lecture for 2 hours MWF, every lecture is full of notes that you must memorize for the midterms. The midterm review sheet she gives is literally 200+ terms that you need to know Who, What, Where, When, and How. Way too much work.
3.0 : What to expect, 2 presentations, 2 exams (midterm+final), and 9-12 page paper. Presentations can run up to 1 hour (dw, she does all the asking and talking over you). Exams are very heavy material, expect to end up wth 20+ pages to summit. The essay is easy since you get to write about yourself. No research require, only use class material.
4.5 : She's clear and goes through the content fast! She knows how to present her material in a way that's engaging and relatable. She has a great sense of humor and tells you want you need to know. Highly recommend her class for those interested in the race and diversity (&amp; the REAL history, not the stuff Disney throws up).
5.0 : Great Teacher. Come to class
2.5 : I took this class thinking it was going to be super interesting. It was, the first few weeks. And then it just turned into her reading off of slides with huge paragraphs of info. You have to know literally EVERYTHING she lectures on. The syllabus makes no sense and overall the class and grading make me want to sob frustratedly. Would NOT recommend.
4.0 : Her lectures can be super boring at times, but she has a good sense of humor. The grading scale is super generous, but she rarely updates grades. She bases a lot of her exams off of previous ones, so if you study, you'll be fine. The topic itself can broaden your perspective, but it only does it so much before getting repetitive and uninteresting.
2.0 : Don't be fooled by this 100 level class, the tests are difficult and lectures are packed with information. Seems more like she is just telling you things instead of actually caring that you learn. Tests are pretty specific and you are required to know almost everything taught in class...
3.0 : As a sophomore who's taken pretty difficult classes here at UW, I can say WITH CONFIDENCE that this is the hardest class I've taken. Listen to the other reviews, I do not recommend taking this class unless it's some sort of requirement (and if it is...I'm sorry). Midterms  insane. Lectures go at 200mph. No panopto and no slides posted online
4.0 : Know what you're getting into. There's a lot of work (20pg midterm and final), and an expectation to go to the CLUE sessions. If you go to every lecture and take great notes, you WILL be fine. Connie has lot of interesting discussion about the SeaTac area and AAS immigration history, and you will learn a lot if you take it seriously.
4.0 : After taking her class, most of it is just lecture and prepare for midterms and final. The midterms and finals are fairly easy, just as long as you study based on everything she lectures on.
2.5 : She's ok... for some reason she always feels the need to put the class down because we aren't good writers or don't write fast enough for the lecture slides.  This could easily be fixed if we spent time working on the paper in class or if she posted lecture slides (she doesn't post her lectures) so we can keep up in class.  Too much info
2.0 : Professor So is very knowledgeable about what she teaches. This can be seen as a good thing or a bad thing. Good in that she is enthusiastic about what she lectures but bad because the amount of notes you have to take is exhausting. With that, the amount of knowledge you're expected to know for exams is ridiculous. Especially for a 100 level class.
3.0 : She's hard when it comes to grading but I honestly I feel like her TA's were more difficult. Try to make time going to CLUE sessions before midterms it kinda helps. She's a super fast talker so if you're taking her class I would recommend bringing your laptop. Also she doesn't upload presentations online so you must go to class.
2.5 : Be prepared to take lots of notes. She is super fast, so it's better to read before class to get a general idea and be able to make sense of what the lectures are. It's better to use a laptop because she switches slides very quick. Also, she doesn't post the slides on the canvas so it's important to attend her lectures.
5.0 : Dr. So is easily one of the best teachers I've ever had. She talked non-stop 2 hours every lecture 200 wpm, debunking tightly held myths about American history, and never ceased to awe me with her ridiculous amount of knowledge on the subject. The way she explains things really makes you appreciate history on an emotional/personal level
4.0 : The only two assignments we had were an essay and to annotate a document, so it was a very low time commitment outside of class. That said, attendance and note taking is absolutely necessary, and she goes through material very fast. Tests are almost identical to her past tests, which she provides as study material. Study those and you're set.
4.0 : Professor Nomura gives good lectures that are helpful for the tests and assignments.
5.0 : Professor Nomura is amazing! Her lectures were fascinating and she is so passionate about what she teaches. She will go out of the way to help you succeed in her class by meeting during office hours to go over any concerns or questions that you might have. Participation matters in her class so be ready to offer your input.
4.5 : Great professor, going to office hours is very helpful.  She is very nice and assigns a moderate around of reading. Very reasonable workload. 1010 would recommend. She even brings snacks!
4.5 : Prof Moore is definitely a smart professor. Much of the quiz info can be found on his slides so reading isn't necessary, but some of the articles are really interesting and make you want to read them anyway.  The only "hard" part is the term paper, but even that is not so bad if you choose an article you're interested in.
3.5 : Pretty interesting and sometimes funny lectures. Quizzes are all open book, open note, but can sometimes be tough. Term paper isn't that bad as long as you choose an article that you're interested in. Section is partly a debate class, though your debate ends up being pretty chill as long as you know what you're talking about.
5.0 : Prof. Moore was interesting and funny.  He made going to class fun.  We did too much in class group work.
5.0 : Moore is one of the smartest profs I have had here at UW
4.5 : Interesting Topics. 1 Page film diary each week. 4 test that are easy to pass if you study.
4.0 : Not as easy as I thought, but if you go to class and pay attention you will be fine.
5.0 : Best prof in the department. Cares, passionate, knows her stuff. Wish I could take more with her.
3.0 : Kathryn is a good lecturer who is engaging and clear but who's slides are not very good. The projects are easy and fun and the quizzes are a little challenging but overall pretty easy. You really should go to class and you don't need to read the textbook if you do.
5.0 : Loved this class.
4.0 : Don't buy the textbook. None of the test questions came from the reading.  Definitely attend the lectures. I joined the class late and my test grades definitely reflect how I missed some lectures. The assignments are extremely easy (you just take pictures and add captions). Easy 3.5+ if you go to lecture, take notes, study a little before tests.
5.0 : Not an easy thing to teach to the masses. She does it.
1.0 : This professor barely show up at lecture and usually give quiz that contain questions never told in class
3.5 : DO NOT take this class if you are looking for an easy VLPA. It is not an easy A. Professor Merlino is great though, she understands that most kids don't really care for architecture. Quizes are online so that is helpful
5.0 : Passionate about students learning. Funny. Had guest lectures a few times because of conferences or something but overall would totally take again. Go to leacture for sure, book is sortof used. Funny, too!
4.0 : It's clear that she is passionate about architecture and she wants to share that passion with her students, her lectures were interesting and she is so approachable. You are only graded on a few things but they're not that difficult, some of the assignments will actually make you go outside to different buildings across campus. Great class overall.
5.0 : Reasonably interesting lectures, really cool person. I could have easily spent longer than a quarter in her class!
4.0 : Nice lady. Passionate about architecture. Here's what you need to know. Her class is easy to pass. You can get easy 3.8 if you go to lectures and take notes. However,  her exams have errors and some concepts are not mentioned in lectures. If you have a GPA of 3.9+ and want an easy 4.0 class, this is not your ideal choice (3.8 still hurts).
5.0 : I don't think Kathryn has taught this studio class in the past couple of years, but she is the best studio professor I've ever had. She cares about her students and gives really good feedbacks. She's very flexible about your design development. I felt most in an actual architecture studio environment in her class. Would totally take her class again
5.0 : The class was really interesting because she tied in Seattle architecture as well, but with your grade being mostly dependent on quizzes you really needed to pay attention in lecture( Doesn't use panopto and slides dont contain much ). 25/30 questions on each quiz were straight forward, other 5 you really had to be paying attention to details
4.0 : fab smart, fab funny
3.0 : Don't go to lecture and it's a 3.7 class. Go to lecture then you'll have a chance at a 3.9 or 4.0. Although info for quizzes are posted on lecture slides, there's always 4 to 5 questions on (can only miss 2 on each quiz for 4.0) quizzes that she talks about in lecture but doesn't write down on online notes. Long lectures. Got a 3.9. Overall, EH.
3.5 : great intro class. lots of info, passionate, but long lectures can be .... long. should be shorter class, 50 minutes.
5.0 : Awesome.
5.0 : His questions really push you to read the text carefully and to form a good reading habit. Great professor. You will miss a lot if you just pay attention to the scores
4.5 : He's actually a good teacher and shows broad knowledge of the topic that he is talking about.  One thing I hate though you are asked to read a buttload of readings in a really small amount of time.  but a good effort will give you a good grade. he makes us work but rewards us accordingly
5.0 : Most clear professor I have ever had at the UW, though for some like me, this slows the pace of class down. Obviously well-versed in his passion, but unfortunately the class would best fit a 1 hour section.. it drags on. There is a LOT of reading and discussion, but class time does not feel well-utilized. He is very approachable and nice.
2.0 : THE worst teacher I've ever had in college. She was harsh on students, and classes were not interesting at all. Avoid her at all cost!
4.5 : I took it a few years ago and liked the class a lot. Group project at the end. Meet with TA twice a week and I had a good TA too.
5.0 : She really knows how to turn a bunch of really intimidating theoretical writing into something that you actually understand. She expects a lot from you, but it's because she knows you can succeed if you're trying hard enough. Her class is not easy but it is so, so worth the work.
5.0 : Alys is great! I took her Cultural Studies course and the supplements (readings,movies) required a lot of time outside of class but were actually SO good.  She really only lectures to give background info and the rest is discussion. Lemme tell ya she is WOKE and really knows what she's talking about! This class requires a lot of critical thinking
5.0 : Amazing Professor! Just make sure to participate, do extra research, and think critically. This class will challenge you if you're not particularly interested in English and social issues and there is a lot of reading and complex terms, but the payoff is high if you keep up. We only had 2 graded assignments but they felt doable. Go to office hours.
1.5 : I am in love w every English professor I have and she is no exception, but I felt baffled by how imperious this professor was toward students and how little her Marxist Literary Theory class focused on class , or grounding itself in reality. She discouraged timid students by rambling for a long time about how they were wrong . vague syllabus
2.0 : Condescending to students especially those in the sciences (it was an interdisciplinary class)  Class was group discussion where all opinions mattered and were right with backup-as long as you agreed with her Expected class to read and understand at a graduate level despite having freshman in the class Acts like this is your only class
1.0 : This professor is troubled. She forced students to acknowledge if they were poor in open class and then told them a college degree wouldn't help them at all. She argued against democracies. She came completely unhinged one day in lecture after a good student asked her a simple question. I believe there are some serious mental health issues afoot
5.0 : I learned the most from Professor Weinbaum. She is intimidating because she is extremely serious, extremely intelligent and extremely beautiful. She is extreme in anything :D She expects you to study extremely hard, but if you do so, she will be a fair grader unlike some other unfair professors at the English Dept. You cannot be lazy in her class.
5.0 : Great teacher! Very clear and helpful. Lecture is informative and interesting, easy to go to.
4.0 : She is good, and exams are much more easy than other sections.
4.5 : Professor Nichifor is an AMAZING professor! 1 of the best I've had! She truly cares about her students. She regularly stops to ask if we have any Qs. She puts her notes online, but it really is best to go to lecture. Before exams she offers extra review sessions. I am not naturally good at math &amp; I got a 3.5. Also go to the MSC. DEF RECOMMEND!
4.5 : Prof Nichifor is an AMAZING professor! 1 of the best I've had! She truly cares about her students. She regularly stops to ask if we have any questions &amp; offers extra review sessions outside of class before exams. Her lectures are well-structured. She posts her notes online, but it really is better to attend lecture. I recommend her over Loveless.
5.0 : Love her class. She likes to make little jokes here and there to lighten the mood, and she's very thorough with her explanations. Her tests are fair and straight forward. Show up to lecture and you'll be fine.
5.0 : She is an amazing professor. Attending the class is not mandatory because she uploads al the notes and screencasts online, basically you can learn well at home. She provides a lot of resources, clue, review session and practice exams. The exams are not hard as long as you follow her lecture. You can get used to her accent after one class.
4.0 : She explains the concepts really well and while she expects you to know basic calculus, she'll teach most of the new concepts in class which was really helpful! She walks through your questions with you so that you actually understand and gives you a lot of helpful tips and tricks to solving the problems faster. A very competent professor!!
5.0 : Best math professor I have ever had.
5.0 : Visited her before WI quarter because I have never taken an online class and she showed me everything that I would be doing. Very accommodating when I had a physics exam the same day as her exam. Always tells when her office hours are in emails. Clear lecture/lecture notes. Just do well on the Homework, DO NOT FALL BEHIND. and You'll be okay.
5.0 : Was in disbelief when I heard Professor Nichifor had a 2. something on here. Clearly it was the wrong prof. She's so good that I would write a review in her defense if this were the case!  Clear and concise in her teaching. Funny and personable in her personality. No doubt one of the better professors at UW.
5.0 : Hands down the best math prof I have had at UW - and I've had some good ones. We had group homework which I thought was weird initially but turned out to be super helpful. Prof. Nichifor makes herself super available to students and gives clear answers to questions. Expectations were very clear and she genuinely wants you to do well and love proofs
5.0 : Best Grader Easy tests
4.0 : Professor Nichifor is an amazing teacher. She knows the material very well. If you attend lectures and complete homework regularly, you will receive a reasonable grade in her class. Do recommend to take this class!
4.0 : Nice to find a professor at this school that actually cares about their students/work. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Professor Nichifor is the kind of inspirational, caring, and self-less professor that you look for in a college. She truly does care about her students and makes the extra effort to make sure she does the most she can to help them understand difficult material. Also, she is always so positive and smiling which is encouraging to students.
4.0 : Sometimes awkward at times, but she is trying. She is always there to provide as much help as she can for the students. She is definitely accessible, on canvas, e-mail, and the math study center. Her exams have questions that you have to read over carefully, but definitely easy to understand what they're looking for. Very clear, helpful, and kind.
5.0 : She is so amazing as a professor and she is also such a nice person!!I really enjoyed her class and she really cares about her students!!!
5.0 : She is great!!! Really helpful!
3.5 : great prof who knows her stuff and cares about the student. not that easy of a class but do the work, study the book, and you should be good
4.0 : I did better than I expected, but still just "meh" probably because I am just awful at math and hate it. But she's super nice and funny, love the math jokes! She lectures very quickly so if you are prone to spacing out (like me) you'll struggle a little. Overall, she's a wonderful prof, I'm just bad at math. Take her class!
5.0 : LOVE NICHIFOR! Her accent is lovely, and she really cares about her students. She is clear about everything, screencasts, and her tests are certainly not torture. She is clear about what things you should know and what you will be tested on.
5.0 : The classes are amazing and the notes are clear. She would post her lecture note clearly online so that you can still follow the class even though you miss it. Go to her office hour, she is patient and nice. If I have chance I would keep taking her class!
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. Prof. Nichifor really cares about her students and wants them to do well, and is available and willing to meet with you to make that happen. Her tests were hard but very fair; wouldn't test on anything we didn't explicitly go over. Do whatever you can to get into her class, she is amazing!
5.0 : Professor Nichifor is so awesome, I would highly recommend her to anyone, if you see that you are enrolled in her class, be thankful! The midterms are not bad at all if you study a few days before and look over her old tests.
5.0 : I have never rated anyone before on here and specifically came just because she is probably one of the best professors at UW. Her lectures are extremely clear tjough fast paced and she is always willing to help. Going to her lectures is key to acing this class and trust me they are so good, you wont even notice where the time went.
5.0 : Great Lectures, exams are slightly difficult, but very fair :)
5.0 : She is a very nice and helpful teacher. Honestly speaking, her tests are not difficult at all compared to other professors in the math department as long as you listen to her lectures and do your homework carefully. If you go to her office hour, she will give you very useful information about how to solve math problems and prepare for the tests.
1.0 : Lectures are confusing and hard to follow because of her strong Russian accent. Spends the first 15 minutes of EVERY 50-min lecture going over "announcements" that are accessible on Canvas. I learned more from the MSC tutors more than I ever did from her. There are only 3 tests, consisting of 2 midterms and 1 final, that are extremely difficult.
4.5 : Professor Nichifor is thorough in explaining concepts in class, although she explains them rather quickly. I personally take a long time digesting new info. I went to a couple of her office hours and review sessions she explained topics in more detail then. The copious notes that she uploads online is definitely a plus.
4.0 : Great prof, explains concepts and example of when students make mistakes and how to fix them. I was happy I did quite well on the MTs.
3.0 : She's a decent math professor. Her tests are very clear and straight forward she never tries to trick you. She is helpful during office hours as long as you bring questions to ask her.
5.0 : I took up to Calculus in high school but that was 4 years ago since I even touched math in school. But Dr. Nichifor breaks down the common sense so everyone is on the same page. Grade is heavily weighed by tests but if you do well in Webassign and past test practices, you can definitely get higher than a 3.5.
3.0 : The lectures are clear although they can stagnate a little due to the thorough explanations and attention to fine details. The tests and homework are difficult to get high marks ensuring that students have to study. Unfortunately, Prof. Reges can be a little intimidating but be certain that his explanations are exactly what will appear on the test.
4.5 : Reges is a veteran prof and one of the best in the field. He designed pretty much the whole CS curriculum and he is the best prof you can have for 142143. His lectures are absolutely amazing and helpful for both tests and homework. 142 is a weedout class so grading is artificially hard, pay attention to style. Go to IPL and talk to TAs
5.0 : Stuart is the bomb. The class is NOT easy, it's like a weed wacker for the absurd amount of students aiming for Computer Science here.   Stuart's lectures are funny, he adds references to shows I like (wubalubadubdub!) and there is a ton of practice material for the exams.   Get ready to lose some style points in this class, and for good reason!
4.5 : Really interesting teacher
2.0 : Make sure you sign up for the labs (CSE 190). Do Practice-It problems, probably every day. Do at least a few programming questions/week from past exams/practice exam handouts. Do this by replacing in the CSE142 website _CURRENTYEAR_CURRENTSEASON_ with 15au, 14au, 15wi, 13wi, etc. Also do the future homework assignments while doing the current one
4.0 : I never took a CSE class in high school so the material was entirely new to me.  I had to do a lot of reading and practice problems to keep up with everyone else and the pace of the class.  However, during lecture Reges is AMAZING!  He's very clear, has a sense of humor, and is passionate about the topic.  Learn to debug your programs.
4.0 : He teaches the intro level the way it should be taught. As someone who didn't have any prior programming experience I felt comfortable with the difficulty and expectations of the course. Everyone should definitely go to lectures because he gives hints for tests.
1.5 : Hated his class. Just got a really bad vibe off of this guy. Got an A+, but that was just because I knew all the stuff beforehand and did a lot of reading into the subject. He was pretty rude to me a couple of times during office hours - stopped going to him for questions after that.
4.5 : Stuart is a great professor! He's enthusiastic and makes the interesting material even more fun to learn. The homework isn't  bad at all, I usually finished in 1-2 hours. Easily my favorite professor and course at UW!
3.0 : Although he's a nice guy, he refuses to agree with what other students have to say. it's his way or the highway.
5.0 : Interesting lectures. Exams seem to be not very hard. You only need to practice for a little while then u should be fine. But homework assignments can be tricky. Be careful.
5.0 : Stuart is an amazing professor who is genuinely unique. He may be more difficult than other professors if you're just starting off with CS, but he has such a unique way of explaining concepts.
4.0 : Best 14x professor out there.
5.0 : Stuart does a great job explaining how to do the homework and how to prepare for the tests. The only difficult part is not losing style points on the homework, which can be challenging at times.
4.5 : Lectures are fun! Best professor
1.5 : Homework is graded on correctness and "style points," which are a set of undocumented rules you learn only through losing points. TAs are not permitted to help you determine what is and is not good style, so don't bother asking. These rules often contradict real-world usage. Expect to lose at least 10% of your homework grade to this arbitrary bull.
4.0 : Great teacher you'll love the class. Assignments  aren't too hard it's mainly style that counts.
5.0 : This is my second class by Stuart and I enjoyed it even more than the first. The homework was brilliant, it breaks you down for a couple over hours before the "aha!" moment when you understand a subject. Stuart is also funny and lets the TAs sneak in little jokes in assignments.
4.0 : Stuart is a great lecturer, and the homework assignments are actually fun projects. Be prepared to lose a lot of style points. It's a really challenging course but it's worth it. The exams are very predictable and he's very upfront about what to expect if you do old exams.
3.0 : Best CS lecturer at uw
5.0 : He's a great lecturer and teaches the material with passion and clarity. However, he tries to weed out too hard, often in bad ways. You *will* lose points on homework for style and his tests are structured like so: 70% of it is easy and the last 30% is meant to make most people fail. Note: he reuses most of his material from past quarters.
3.0 : Class material is pretty easy, especially if you have learned programming before BUT the standards for grading are riducously high!! This is a weed out class, only a small percent will make good grades. Stuart's a great lecturer but not very helpful outside of class, kind of cold personality. Nonetheless don't be discouraged fight for your grades!!
5.0 : Reges is hands down the best professor I've taken a class with at the UW. I had no programming experience before taking 142 but by attending lecture and doing homework I got an A in the course. Reges has great analogies that really helped me understand a lot of the topics covered (wish I could say the same for my 143 prof). If you take CS, Reges!
4.0 : Very interesting and fun class.
4.5 : Awesome professor. Do the work, study for his tests, and you can definitely get a good grade.
3.0 : I found Reges a tad intimidating which meant I haven't been to a single office hour however his lectures are amazing and easy to follow. His use of Panopto means that if you can't attend the lectures there is no need to fret, just watch it online after. With CSE143, the difficulty is the homework which is graded even more strictly than for 142!
1.0 : Stuart's teaching style is unparalleled to any other teacher I have taken, but like what most have said, his grading is HARSH. It's hard enough to interpret what exactly he is asking in his homework, but he barely ever tells you any efficiency necessities to keep in mind. Overall though, I liked the class, each week was like solving a new puzzle.
5.0 : A very good professor. He explains everything clearly. One very good tip to study for midterm and final: go over ALL old midterms and finals that he provide and understand them, because there's a high chance that they will appear on your test (8 of 10 questions were reused for Winter 2014 final exams)
2.0 : Extremely rude. Knowledgeable, but unapproachable. His class is designed to weed people out and he is an impatient and inconsiderate person. He teaches content well and can keep lectures entertaining, but if you ever have a problem, he is not the person to go to. If you don't understand something right away and need clarification, he's not your guy
3.0 : Lectures are pretty decent; never need the textbook if you attend. Grade is penalized hard for basic mistakes, especially in 143. Sometimes, homework "style" points seem arbitrary, and you don't learn about them until you already lost points. Homework assignments aren't the worst but also don't help much; Practice-It is essential.
4.5 : He is a GREAT professor! Lectures are clear and interesting. But coding is more of your own work. You need a lot of practice to get a high grade on this course. Attendance are not mandatory but you need to go to them to have a better understanding. Overall it's great but it is really hard for an intro-level course. Have to put in lots of efforts.
4.0 : very clear in every details, especially in CSE142 pay attention to each homework from the beginning to the end, every parts are equally significant for doing well in this course do practise-it (an website for online practising) before exams, or you will fail good luck
5.0 : The best lecturer ever in my whole life!
2.0 : If you feel like you are smart take his class, Stuart's lectures are confusing compared to Zorah's. He's consciously trying to confuse you. But tbh, his way of teaching does filter out smart ones. So if you are not that smart but still want to do cse, I won't recommend him, vise versa.
5.0 : Best lecturer I've ever had. If you go to class and pay attention, he explains things so clearly that you won't even need to read the textbook. If you understand it, the homework doesn't take too long but is graded pretty strictly. He's pretty good about taking questions but the class is so big that going to the IPL for help is a better bet.
4.0 : Lectures are good. Lecture slides provided online are extremely helpful, especially if you miss a day. There were weekly homework assignment, moderately hard for people new to coding. Class was fun and challenging. Even if you're not a computer science major, I recommend trying this class. Textbooks are useful, but not necessary.
5.0 : He is the mastermind of CSE 14X is the best lecturer in the series. His lectures are amazing and usually come straight out of the textbook, which make the textbook optional, but a great choice to review his material for homework. Stuart is a love him/hate him professor and most people love him!
4.0 : Great lecturer overall. Before taking 142, I had no idea about how to program but I felt that Stuart walked me through the basics of Java very well. His cookies are very good so good that I think that he bakes them with weed ;)
4.5 : Dr. Reges is pretty fantastic. CSE 142 is designed for people who have never touched computer programming before, and he does an amazing job of teaching from the ground up. He usually stays a while after lecture to answer any questions. His lectures are essentially quoted from the textbook, or vice versa, so both are great ways to learn.
5.0 : I had Stuart for 142, 143, and the 143 honor's discussion. He is an awesome and incredibly knowledgable prof, and funny too. He doesn't put up with nonsense but I really enjoyed all of his classes. Take his honor's section if you can because it was crazy cool getting to know him on a personal level outside of lecture. Great prof would take again
4.0 : The intro CS classes are meant to be weed out classes, so not easy, but definitely a class where effort correlates with grade.  He is one of the best lecturers I have had at UW, but not one of the most approachable.  Style points on the homeworks are a huge grade killer.  I received a decent grade because I did a ton of Practice-It before exams.
3.0 : He tries to be funny in a very elementary way and it doesn't really work for him. A lot of times, he spends unnecessary time explaining things that irrelevant to the course, then rushes toward the end of the lecture. Other than that, he's a pretty great teacher as far as introductory java goes.
5.0 : Stuart is hilarious! Definitely one of my favorite professors. You'll do fine if you go to lecture and do the work. My only complaint is that most of his analogies are about fridges.
5.0 : Stuart is great! He really likes what he is doing and that really shows. His assignments are just amazingly fun puzzles to do every week. I really appreciated his non-technical examples. For CSE majors, pay attention to the complexity stuff because I regret not listening as much. Go to the IPL and do the honors 14x section if you can!!
2.0 : Decent teacher and helpful lecture. However... he has horrible clarity with assignments and is a cold, sarcastic (fill in lots of derogatory adjectives here) person. Not a nice human being and a egotistical (more bad words).
3.5 : He's really cold and when you're in for office hours, it feels like he wants you to leave.  Lectures were okay, pretty basic stuff. Not much to say really; he just gives lectures and leaves. His analogies are a hit or miss. Oh and he sometimes makes inappropriate jokes or just passes comments that are rude.
3.0 : Professor Stuart Reges is a very knowledged and humorous lecturer, who puts lots of effort into his lectures. What would better it is if he chose better TAs. Several times now, I have been return mis-graded homework, which is only corrected after many communication attempts. It is unfortunate that my fate is in the hand of a TA that doesn't care.
4.0 : Professor Reges is very funny in class and keeps the topics interesting so that the class won't get too technical to a point that is boring. He gives metaphor that makes programming really easy to understand(though some of them are cheesy). Some say he is a harsh grader, but if you pay attention in lecture and go to quiz sections,easy A.
4.0 : Absolutely hilarious lecturer. Good at explaining concepts in a funny way. Really helpful. I enjoyed his lectures.
5.0 : This class with Reges was amazing! Everything was explained very clearly and the lectures always captured my attention. You can tell that he is passionate about his field and I've never felt more interested in majoring in CS than after this class.I really enjoyed taking this class, although some of the grading on the assignments was kind of harsh.
1.0 : I never learned anything from going to lectures that my TA's didn't explain more clearly in section. And his use of metaphors was ridiculous and some of them made no sense. He lectured more on the metaphors than the actual subject.
4.5 : Great class! It's not too hard if you put a little effort into learning the subject matter. Homework can be frustrating because if you do not do it their way, you'll lose points, but you can ultimately understand why they grade it that way.
5.0 : Stuart is an amazing prof. He is really excited about CS and uses amazing non-technical analogies to explain techie concepts. He really sets you up for success in hw during lecture, so go to class! The textbook is essentially the same, &amp; if you want to do well on tests, start early, do Practice-it the entire quarter &amp; take lots of practices tests.
3.5 : He's a funny guy. Google him ;p
3.5 : This class has some students with java experience,  "hares". Make sure you do practice-it problems before each lecture, as the metaphors may help - or not. Quiz sections depend on your TA, some are good some are more useless. Sign up for the CSE 190  lab- handy when you need help with some conceptual questions. Lectures recorded in CSE 142 website.
4.0 : Let me be clear on this: I think Stuart is a good teacher. My main issue is really with how the course is designed.  I think that having 50% of your homework grade based on arbitrary "style" points is ridiculous and seems to be an excuse to create grade deflation because of how competitive UW's computer science department is.
5.0 : Professor Reges is a great professor! His lecture is always interesting and the knowledge is showed extremely clear. He often said analogies and jokes in lecture. And after lecture he will answer students' questions if you come to ask him.
3.5 : I loved Reges and his class. You don't really interact with him, but with the TA's. Regardless, Reges has a passion for code and he brings it to lecture. He tries to make you love CS just as much as he does, and it so shows. His assignments are difficult, but fascinating, and the structure of the class is excellent. Highly recommended!
4.0 : Reges himself is really funny. He can waste time from time to time talking about facts irrelevant to the course, but it can be interesting to some people. The problem is the TA selection and the ambiguity in the grading. The grading is really harsh on homework, but on the exams it's really fair. The TAs are undergrads so they can be incompetent.
1.0 : I've taken a lot of class at Uni but CSE 142 and 143 were the hardest of the bunch. Stuart doesn't want students to succeed as much as he wants them to fail and lose points. Even if your code works perfectly, you are going to lose around 4-5 points just for commenting and the so called "style".
3.5 : Stuart is a great guy. Just expect to spend a lot of time with hw. You will stress out about hw if you care about your grade because you can not fck up simple things or it will hurt you like a mthrfckr. Also, there is no curve at least for my quarter. I recommend that you prepare to take two easy courses along this course especially4 1st qrter
3.5 : Glad I signed up for the lab (1-credit CSE 190). You can lose very easy points for the homework because of "style points". Stuart Reges uses analogies so you should read the book and do practice-it problems BEFORE attending the lecture. Also you should go to Autumn 2015's CSE 142 website to do the homework 1 and 2 BEFORE day 1 of class. Hard exams.
4.5 : Awesome lecturer, he is clearly passionate about teaching this course and has excellent explanations. The grading is very specific and unbending, double check all your assignments, do practice-it (the textbooks online practice website) and you'll do fine. Highly recommend the class.
3.5 : Hwk gets time consuming as the quarter goes on, so make time for it!  It was  my first time programming and I was very confused at the beginning which is why I got a bad grade on the midterm and an average grade over all. Quiz section taught me more than Stuart for sure. Wasn't that interested in the subject at first but now I love it!
1.0 : He's great with "showing" the lecture material, but other than that he waste too much time with jokes and lacks professionalism. On the other hand, the grading criteria and homework polices need to be revised because those aspects just made the 142 course too tedious and irritating. If you really need to take CSE142 the. get a different professor.
4.0 : This is a HARD class. Stuart didn't fail to deliver in teaching the class; he's a funny and very interesting person which made lecture enjoyable. I think a few things about the course itself (which Stuart made) could be revamped though. For example, binary trees need to be introduced way earlier for any chance on getting good a final grade.
4.5 : Great professor, loves his jobs and shows in lectures. Get a head start on the homework, don't wait until two days prior to start.
4.0 : The best way to excel in this class is by practicing minimum 5 problems of Practice it everyday. I did not do great on the midterm but started practicing everyday for the final and did really well on it. Other than that he is a great lecturer. He has a tendency of doing tough concepts right at the end though.
3.0 : DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT take this class for fun. He says this class is designed for students who have never done coding before, but this class is VERY hard. Hardest class I've ever taken and I don't recommend it to anybody. The curve is HORRIBLE. If you want to kill your GPA, go ahead and take this class! TONS of work for only 4 credits.
4.0 : Stuart is an entertaining guy-- his lectures are interesting enough to keep you awake and he does a good job at introducing hard Java topics to complete beginners. The only issue was the grading system used for the homework which sometimes seems rather ridiculous. Overall, I learned a lot in Stuart's class and really recommend taking him.
4.0 : A main parts of the class involve group work with the first twenty minutes of the class involving a "lecture" whereas the next thirty minutes is pure discussion and teaching with your table group with a student-flipped style. If you put in the time and effort to participate and go to office hours, you will do well.
3.0 : How easy the class is will depend on how competent your group is. But if you're good at interpreting research papers you're fine! It's not the easiest class but very reasonable if you can do all the given work. She can be frustrating at first since she doesn't really teach but it really helps for future classes!
5.0 : If you follow her syllabus, you will do fine. Grading depends on your TA mostly, some are more lenient than others, but overall you will do well if you pay attention, come to class every time, and do the reading. She is great with questions though she will make you think instead of just giving you the answer. Super approachable, would take again.
3.5 : 355 is one of the best classes that I have taken at UW. She does a lot group work type of learning where students teach each other. For me it really helped because I had difficulty asking professors for help thinking the teacher would think I'm not smart. But she really is there to help and she's always talking about how there are no dumb questions
2.5 : Her classes: Great; Her: not so much. She's so incredibly condescending. She makes you feel stupid for asking most questions even though she says there isn't a dumb question. She thinks she is clearer than she is, so when you ask her to clarify, she gives you a condescending reply. The flipped classroom worked for me, but it really depends on you.
1.0 : I left this class learning nothing about molecular biology. The only thing you learn is how to read a scientific paper. Expectations were a mystery the entire quarter. I never had an idea of what I was expected to know for this class.
4.0 : Linda is an amazing professor. She gives very helpful feedback and very understanding. This was my first online class and I thought it was going to be tough since its Biology but she makes it really interesting and the readings and lessons are very organized. If you do the readings and follow up on conferences or office hours then you're fine.
2.0 : The whole quarter is group work. Terrible "flipped" class set-up where students just discuss things in class, Doc Lina doesn't actually teach. Hope for a great TA who doesn't follow everything Doc Linda says. Take tests online sitting in class, make sure you have a laptop or tablet for every class. Get ready to decode confusing scientific papers.
5.0 : As long as you are confident in your reading abilities and your ability to understand data you will ace this class. Doc Linda only lectures for about 20 minutes a day so if you're a person who needs everything spelled out for you by the prof this isnt your class. If you're a strong reader and independent learner then its an easy A.
4.5 : Doc Linda is the most loving and supportive teacher at UW! The discussion-based class environment isn't always the most efficient way to learn, but at the end of the day she makes sure everyone is on the same page about what they need to know. She doesn't do cumulative finals, gives you clear ideas of what's on exams, and has a ton of office hours.
4.0 : This class is pretty easy if you actually show up, take an interest, and participate. A lot of people thought they could just skip class &amp; breeze by, but you really need to go to class to understand lecture. There were essentially 2 mini writing assignments, and then a written midterm &amp; final.
4.5 : Professor Yee is great both as a teacher and as a person.  She's very open-minded and flexible, and transparent about tests and assignments from the get-go. She is open to revisingediting your assignments (papers) prior to the due date, so take advantage of this! It will save your grade.
4.0 : Professor Yee was very open minded and was willing to accommodate students' busy schedule. She remembers her students' names and loves to engage her students with lectures and discussions.  She was great with responding back to emails and her office hours were very helpful. I recommend taking her class!!
1.0 : If you're taking this class hoping it will be an easy 4.0 do not do it. This class requires you to be almost perfect close to 98% or higher to get 4.0) which is a little bit ridiculous considering her lectures are so broad and you don't know what she's looking for. I received a lower grade in this class than in an actual stem class :(
4.5 : Loved her lectures, really engaging, open minded. :)
4.0 : Professor Yee is a great speaker and did a great job making the lectures concise, interesting, and fun. She was a great asset to the class and really enjoyed her teaching style. It is possible to skip class, but I don't recommend it. There is also a lot of reading associated with this class (that all appear on the midtermfinal),  so be ready.
5.0 : Pretty good class if you're interested in intersectionality of the social. Prof. Yee is a great speaker and her lectures were always well-presented and interesting.  Not many assignments, just three simple writing assignments, a midterm, and a final. Simple stuff. But it could mess you up if you do bad on just one assignment that tanks your grade.
1.0 : Self absorbed, he made me feel uncomfortable since he would at times make sexual jokes. I had hear rumors. Stay away.
5.0 : Giuseppe is one of the most brilliant professors that I have ever had the pleasure of knowing. The comments about him making sexual innuendos are odd.  I have never witnessed him treat anyone in that way, and I have taken 4 courses with the man. He is TOUGH, but he is FAIR. He doesn't cut you slack - which you probably don't deserve.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at UW, very genuine and passionate about teaching. He does joke around, but the jokes aren't demeaning and are in good taste; I think he's humorous. Cares very much about your learning experience, is great at teaching Italian.
4.5 : Excellent professor, we love him! You'll enjoy the class with him.
5.0 : Loved having class with Giuseppe. He is very caring and funny and made learning Italian fun. He does expect a lot out of his students so don't take the class unless you really want to learn. I learned a lot from one quarter with him and can't wait to be in his class next quarter.
4.0 : I found all her lectures to be really interesting and well organized. She always seemed really excited about the material. The class was as hard as any normal history class; no large papers, but some short ones and in class activities were required. There was also a pretty good amount of required reading as well each week.
5.0 : Dr. Stacey's Reacting to the Past: Religion &amp; Politics in Medieval Europe was the best experience of my college career. "RTTP consists of elaborate games in which students are assigned roles informed by classic texts." Robin Stacey is wonderful. She is extremely approachable, knowledgable and passionate about history. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Professor Stacey is an amazing lecturer. I loved this class. There was a lot of reading involved but every aspect of this class (Medieval Mysteries) was fascinating! Several short writings. A good amount of reading.  Absolutely worth it!! I wish I could take this class again.
4.5 : I took "Medieval Mysteries" with Professor Stacey, and overall the class was pretty awesome. There's a lot of reading (about a book a week) and you pretty much have to attend lectures to understand material, but it's material you actually want to learn about. A few lectures were kind of boring, but she made up for it with some awesome ones.
5.0 : Professor Stacy's class has been a rare source of joy in an otherwise trying college experience. Her lectures are both thought provoking and entertaining, and her love of history translates superbly. She has a great sense of humor, and Myths and Mysteries is just pure fun. Take her if you can.
4.5 : Professor Stacey's love for history translates into her lectures. A couple of assigned books were boring, but the rest of them and pretty much everything else about the class was really interesting. Workload is reasonable, and she gives comprehensive study guides for tests. Her grading is clearly outlined and fair.
3.0 : Tweedie is a decent professor, but seems to lack confidence in his lecturing. (During one class, I counted him saying "uh" or "um" 742 times.) The lectures seemed occasionally disorganized at times, and I needed coffee to get through them.  However, the material was not all that difficult and he was a fair grader and nice guy. Not a bad VLPA
5.0 : Long lectures and sometimes hard to focus but interesting overall. Not too much work to do, just one final paper and two tests.  Get ready to watch movies, though.
4.0 : James is painfully boring when he lectures. He's so nice and loves film but it's nearly impossible to pay attention. The class is really easy though. I hardly studied for the midterms (because it's hard to study for it) and got 92%. But be prepared for VERY VERY boring lectures.
3.0 : Knowledgable prof, but very boring. Good TA will prepare you well for the long tests....
3.5 : Loved the class. Do the readings typically before lecture and definitely before section so that the material is reinforced. Easy to do well by attending everything and actively completing the course material
3.5 : Prof. Tweedie is knowledgable and a fair grader. His lectures are on interesting topics, but he really stretches them out and it's remarkably hard to pay attention. He finally loosened up on the very last day of our class and was engaging and funny; I wish he'd done that sooner, because it was great! Solid class though, and a smart, nice guy.
5.0 : One of the best professors I ever had.
4.0 : I wouldn't take this as an easy VLPA, unless you're really down to watch a lot of old movies outside class and memorize a lot of useless stuff about the old timey movies. I have close to a 4 point at UW, and was so disinterested in this class that I was below average on tests. Make sure you know what you're getting into.
4.0 : The textbook is required, but the PPT used in the class was much valuable. The materials was organized and interesting, which engage me to learn. 18 films require to watch during this quarter, two midterms, one final paper. The grading is not strict. Sum in all, a good elective class for VLPA.
4.5 : He's a really nice guy! Really long lectures that are drawn out, but he grades fairly and if you watch the films you'll do just fine. Tests consist mainly of short essays.
5.0 : Amazing teacher, she makes everything perfectly clear and gives excellent, i repeat EXCELLENT feedback on homework and major papers.
4.0 : Her lectures cover a lot of information, but are very engaging. She uses plenty of personal anecdotes and examples to make complex topics easy to understand. Her class has a lot of tests, but they aren't cumulative.
1.0 : Her tests are near impossible and your entire grade depends on them because there are practically no other assignments. I can study for handfuls of hours and nights before the exam and still only get a 22/40, because it is multiple choice and the test questions are examples that could apply to plenty of the vocab words. Take a different psych prof
5.0 : Has amazing study guide outlines for preparation for what's on the test. Fill them out and you should be good.
2.0 : The class was ok since it is mainly online and there isn't much contact with the professor which is expected. There is only one midterm unlike the normal class where you have 3 more therefore you kinda have everything riding on that one test. I found the professor extremely condescending and not understanding or helpful.
5.0 : I really liked her! Super sweet, but if you do the readings you will do fine on get exams. She provides review packets.
5.0 : Very interesting lectures, she always makes a point for the material to be understandable. Tests are very straight forward if you complete the study guides she posts. Great class overall.
5.0 : Judith is so cute and gives the best examples from her own life experiences when explaining key topics. The beginning of the class is kind of slow but overall the class is very interesting and not too tough. 4 exams, very low effort homework assignments, and big opportunity for extra credit. Didn't bother with the textbook.
1.0 : Judith's teaching does nothing for this class. The way she writes her tests makes them near impossible to score well, even after hours and days of studying. She is no help in office hours, after attending all classes, doing all homework, and doing some extra credit I still failed. Do not take her class.
5.0 : Very clear on what's expected of you, just do the study guides before each exam. Lectures are awesome, very interesting. She uses a lot of examples and tells a lot of stories.
4.5 : I took this class online and I really liked her lectures!  She was very clear and used many examples that helped me understand the topics.  I never went into office hours, but she seemed like she would be helpful given her deadline reminders about homework and her detailed responses to questions posted on our online forum.
5.0 : Best professor I've met in UW. Her class is engaging and enjoyable to attend. Nearly skipped half of my classes before this quarter but for her class I missed none.
5.0 : McLaughlin was a great professor. Examples in lecture really helped with recall in exams. Beware there are 4 exams, albeit noncumulative, which correspond to much of the grade. The exams are straightforward MCQ so very easy to get a 100% if you studied for them. There is never anything that wasn't covered in either book or lecture.
4.0 : Professor McLaughlin gives interesting lectures. She brings Psych very close to life. The real life examples she gave are very impressive in my long-term memory. She and her TAs reuse the examples in tests to help us recall the concepts. Assignments are easy. Regardless of your quiz score, she gives full credit as long as you do more practice.
3.0 : This class is purely fact based so get ready to remember practically everything! She gives good real life examples but when it comes down to the tests, it doesn't help.
5.0 : Judy is great at teaching psychology concepts and she gave great lectures. She makes the topics memorable with personal and other examples that tie into the class. Her class is based only on test scores and extra credit points, so its important to succeed on tests, which are rely heavily on memorization. Study hard and you will do well.
5.0 : The best professor the world has ever seen. Since taking her class, I look at life better and even started working out again. Her grading is fair and so is she. Take her class even if you are getting a degree in something completely different than psych.
5.0 : I thoroughly enjoyed the quarter with Prof. Walker because he was an engaging lecturer and made the monumental amounts of work interesting and fun to learn. He was very accessible and constantly advertised his free office hours at the end of each lecture as well as showing interest in what students will do with the rest of their studies at the uni.
4.5 : I loved Professor Walker's class. He is an excellent lecturer and super friendly. The TAs do all the grading but sometimes Walker read the papers. He brings his dog to class.
5.0 : I guess it was not that hard but for someone who is not really into History I found it hard to read LOTS of reading material.
5.0 : He is an awesome professor. I like ancient history and I thought his lectures were really interesting. He was very nice and offered to help me every time I approached him. English is not my first language and I am not that good at writing so I used his office hours and he went through my paper and pointed out to the part it needed changes.
5.0 : Dr. Walker gives awesome lectures, they are informative but commentary heavy. Dr. Walker assigns a few papers, and they are graded relatively hard, however if you go to his office our he gives great feedback! Reading is mandatory, would recommend taking one of his classes if you like history.
4.5 : Prof Walker is a very easygoing guy, and he's very knowledgable, which makes him a great small group discussion class person. He doesn't grade papers too harshly and the discussions were interesting
4.0 : I took the "Cow Class" and both him and the class were great. Brings an interesting perspective to history and made me think about our modern relationship with animals (pets, our diet, Pixar Movies, etc) in a whole new way. He is your stereotypical history professor that is extremely knowledgeable and a lovable nerd (in a good way). Worth the work!
5.0 : Professor Walker gives fantastic lectures and makes it clear he cares about his students. He is a tough essay grader; however, he's willing to look over your draft for the final paper and if you follow his feedback you'll do very well.  My writing vastly improved from his feedback, making my final year far easier. I've learned a lot from him.
5.0 : Among the best lecturers UW offers. Lessons are information dense, but always engaging and insightful. Weekly papers are graded for concise and critical analysis. Go to office hours for help with final papers or finding research opportunities! He genuinely cares about your success in + out of class.  A must take for those trying to improve writing.
4.0 : As long as you show up to lecture, pay attention and take notes, you shouldn't have any problems. There are very few graded assignments (3 short essays, 1 long essay, Midterm, and Final) So the workload is completely manageable. Lectures are packed with information, but he takes time to elaborate. Great teacher if you like the subject
1.0 : Joel Walker, though knowledgeable in his field,  should be avoided.  He treats his students poorly. He is inconsiderate when considering each individuals needs and their personality. Please be cautious. For whatever reason, this guy has accolades but to a discerning mind this is counterintuitive.  Beware.
3.0 : 3 papers make up 85% of your grade. 15% of your grade is attendance/participation. The papers are simple if you have a good grasp on the readings and the quiz/discussion section is actually pretty interesting with Ross Coen. That being said, Dr. Glenn's lectures are unbearably long and boring. You have been warned.
5.0 : This was a really interesting class and I learned a lot. The paper assignments are straightforward and Dr. Glenn really knows her subject.
5.0 : I learned a lot in Prof. Glenn's class. She was extremely generous with her time outside of class to help me make sure I understood the material. I would absolutely recommend this class -- or any other taught by Prof. Glenn -- to all my friends.
5.0 : One of the best classes I've taken at UW. Highly knowledgeable professor and the material is super interesting...it's way more than your average US history class. Definitely recommend it!
4.5 : First, there were no textbooks because this was a research class.  Very stressful, but it one of the best experiences I've had as a student.  He expects students to do their work, but it's up to them whether they measure up.  He was very helpful.  If you get an opportunity to take this course with him, do it!
4.5 : I greatly enjoyed Gregory. Sometimes lectures were a little boring, but as a professor, he's extremely clear and helpful. He constantly reaches out to students and offers help constantly. He's extremely clear in explanations and is eager to discuss class topics with students.
4.0 : Professor Gregory is a badass. He's had his PhD for ages and has written like a handful of books and just does whatever he wants, and it's awesome. The midterm and final are really tough though, because you have to study for a lot of things that might not even be on the test. He said lectures aren't required, but you should go anyway.
5.0 : James Gregory was so sweet. I loved him as a professor. I never talked to him face-to-face but I loved going to lecture and didn't find the material boring at all. I enjoy history about people rather than events and this is exactly what the class was. Make sure to take a couple hours to study for the tests and participate in QS and you're golden!
5.0 : Great class. Lectures are interesting and quick, only 50 minutes a day. He gives you the questions before the test so if you study for 2 days max you will do great. Research paper is fun and easy! They deffinatley round your grade up a lot too at the end of the quarter!
5.0 : J. Gregory's lectures were easy to follow and often interesting. Sometimes his monotony got to me, but the material was usually interesting enough to snap me out of it. One-on-one, he's great to talk to -- knowledgable and kind.   Easy class. He gives all the questions to the midterm and final beforehand and he'll help out on your paper.
5.0 : Even though I caught myself falling asleep a couple of times during lectures, overall I really like this professor. He is incredibly nice, knowledgeable, and grades fairly. If you keep up with the readings and attend most of the lectures, it's a pretty easy A.
3.0 : His lectures aren't structured very well, they're pretty loosely tied together and though he uses powerpoints they don't really feature the relevant information you're looking for. HSTAA 105 is really more of a hybrid between an English and history class. Lots of reading, but pretty easy.
3.5 : Jim really knows his stuff but don't be fooled by the title of the class: Labor and Capitalism. It should be called Labor Unions. Reading is heavy (4 paperback books) and he gives you questions before mid-term and final. His talking is very monotonous so try to stay awake.
4.0 : Dr. Gregory is really laidback. Lectures can get kind of boring, but it covers some interesting topics so I liked attending class. Midterm and final essay questions based on study sheet - found them kind of difficult and I studied for hours and hours beforehand. Also a research or family project paper that was pretty time consuming.
4.0 : Gregory is very passionate and knowledgeable about labor &amp; social movement history, especially in WA state. The two hour class can drag on sometimes but he posts all power points on canvas. One short low stress essay due mid quarter and a 7 page research paper due towards the end. Gives questions for writing midterm &amp; writingfinal ahead of time.
5.0 : Took him for math123 (pre-calc), just do your homework and you will be prepared for quizes. Very helpful and always very understanding if you are struggling through something. Wish he taught math 124. A MUST TAKE
2.5 : Goes over homework in class. That leaves little time for lecture, so everyone struggles on the class. Expect 2 hours of homework a night. Better off dropping. Hard to keep track of your grade. He's a good mathematician but not a good professor for the average student. Never worked as hard as I did before dropping. QSC 4 hours a day.
5.0 : Did not have  him as a professor for any of the classes he currently teaches. I had him as an instructor for math workshops  at  UW Seattle a long time ago. Get to know this man, he is a very nice and excellent at explaining things in math.
5.0 : You hear a lot of scary things about taking minai's class because there's a lott of homework, but it's really worth it. It's doable and the extra practice is really helpful, plus it makes the exams much, muchhhh, easier. He's one of my favorite calc professors on campus! He's really funny and he has great lectures (:
3.5 : I thought he explained the concepts very well. Tests were easy if you do the homework. I took him twice and he was good both times
3.5 : He's an amazing teacher. Really connects with you on a personal level. He's super funny and makes class fun and engaging. The class is hard, but that's just math. If you ever need help, Barry is always there for office hours and often extends his office hours to accommodate you. Lots of small tests but 50% of final grade is homework.
1.0 : He does not use UW canvas so you have to get all of his information/ criteria/ take home quizzes by email. Really confusing to understand his method of math teaching.  His Exams are terrible, in order to get full credit for a question you need every step (VERY DETAILED). Very pessimistic, tells people that you will not pass this class.
1.0 : I could not learn from him. He goes through lectures so quick and don't even work out the steps. Expect to learn from your textbook and get help from qsc.
2.0 : If you are average at math you'll fail his class. Lectures go by too fast skips a lot of steps while problem solving. Takes a lot of time on hw questions leaving even less time for lecture. Don't take him if you like your GPA
3.5 : Barry is not a bad professor, if anything he is better than most. The class is hard because you learn so much in so little time. A lot of homework, tests start out easy and become harder as the quarter goes on. STUDY STUDY STUDY and ask for help/go to office hours! Show you are willing to work for it to get the grade you deserve. Not an easy class.
4.0 : He is a classic kind of math teacher. He is friendly and there to help, but only if you are there to be helped! Homework is rigorous and persistent. tests are (In my session) frequent and focused. Make sure you take advantage of office hours, and make sure that you live and breathe his class for the semester, or its gonna eat you alive!
2.0 : Be prepared to work HARD outside of class.  Not allowed to use calculators or notes on quizzesexams. Tons of homework collected weekly. Make sure you come to class everyday to get the worksheets. He's an amazing mathematician, but not the best teacher. I would recommend taking the class from someone else.
5.0 : Barry is an AWESOME teacher. He's hilarious and incredibly helpful. During classes he goes over problems that students struggle with on hw which is great. He grades hw on effort and completition. The worksheets he gives are incredibly hard, but that's a good thing cuz it gets you thinking. Exams are fair. He's great and i would recommend him.
3.0 : Nice guy, but  flies through concepts and during explanations skips multiple steps because he assumes you know all the algebra. You get about 15 hours of homework every week ATLEAST. He doesnt care that you have other classes as well. No notes or calculators on exams. Tough Class. Good luck. Calculus is not fun. QSC will be your best friend.
5.0 : He is very helpful and makes sure that you understand the material. He gives partial points on exams, so make sure that once you get your exam back, go over it with him so you get more points. I am assuming he has a grader who grades his exams.
5.0 : Best professor ever!His sense of humor along with his ability to teach made the class incredibly engaging and fun. Homework was challenging and was graded based on effort, tests were fair and straight forward. Pay attention in class and do the homework and you should have no problem getting an A++!
1.0 : If you care about your grade , then dont risk it and take this class. You will hate math because of him!. Your weekend will be always in QSC or doing Hw and struggling. His not clear and he have high expectations. I dont think he knows that not everyone is at the same level as him.  WORDT DECISION I HAVE EVER MADE is taking his class
2.5 : Not too shabby of a class, Barry's a cool guy with all his fruit he east during class. The work though LOL you got to put in your ALL if you're not a math person. Endless amounts of homework everyday . QSC will be your home and best friend. He doesn't use canvas so you really don't know what your grade is until it's too late :-) GOOD LUCK
4.5 : Goes through concepts quite quickly. However, as long as you study the examples he does for each lecture  you'll easily pass the quizes he gives out each week. No midterm, finals was fairly easy.
2.5 : definitely the last professor for international students. This drags my overall gpa from 3.9 to 3.6. Luckily I got admitted by foster this quarter, otherwise I don't know what I'm gonna do with this horrible grade. Lots of reading, however hard to digest for non native English speakers. I initially took this course because of scheduling, I regret..
5.0 : This class was incredibly difficult. I learned a lot in this class that I'll use for the rest of my life. However, the way Tod set up the tests made them hard to study for. Try not to take this class unless you absolutely have to.
4.5 : Probably one of the few classes where you'll learn a lot and still struggle to pass exams. He covers quite a lot in lecture but even then, it's only part of the text. Prepare to spend a lot of time outside of class reading and memorizing concepts.
4.5 : He covers quite a lot in lecture but even then, it's only part of the text. Prepare to spend a lot of time outside of class reading and memorizing concepts.
4.5 : For me as an international student, this class is hard as rock, but he is so passionate about the class. Listening him talking is actually a kind of enjoyment.
5.0 : Tod's an amazing lecturer. He is the main reason that I have decided to pursue law school. But his grading is keeping me on the fence about it.
4.5 : Tod is a great professor who definitely knows what he's talking about. He interacts well with his students and gives clear real world examples to help his students better understand the concepts. There is a lot of reading assigned, but if you take the time to sit down everyday and do it, you'll thrive in his class.
3.0 : Very tough grader. I had a 3.6 average and this class alone dropped it to a 3.3.
3.5 : King County District Attorney teaching nights, shows how passionate he is about teaching. Great lecturer, slides are terrible tho (word documents). Grading  2 tests, group project and 4 pop quizzes which is how he gets people to come to class. Overall not too hard, minimal workload other than a lot of reading. Overall outstanding, passionate prof!
5.0 : Favorite class I've taken at UW so far! Brings in real-world experience from being a prosecuting attorney, plus relevant news articles. Look forward to coming to this class every week. Pop quizzes force you to stay on top of your reading. Tough grader/writes difficult midterms. Don't let difficulty be a deterrent--his lectures are amazing!
5.0 : Tod is a fabulous lecturer and contributed so much to this course. He cares about the student success, he is a fair grader, and he just "gets it." He understands what we need as students, provide great examples in class to engage us, and take time out of his weekend to meet and get to know us. . He provided guidance to us to navigate the UW.
1.0 : On average over a chapter a night plus course pack (dry, random, newspaper articles) audio homework and lecture notes, which he does pop quizzes on. He referencestests a lot on American politics. There are technically 3 exams which incorporate things from business law so if you transferred in good luck. Oh and  a 20 page group paperpresentation.
5.0 : Tod is an amazing lecturer and knows exactly how to keep his students interested. He has a great sense of humor and has great stories to tell the class. You can also tell that he cares a lot about his students. His tests are quite difficult because of all the memorization involved, but nevertheless, he is a great teacher.
3.5 : He is seriously an amazing lecturer. He puts a lot of passion and his lecture are very interesting and he always gives clear and real-world example. There are a lot of readings to do (both from the book and the course pack) and he does 4 pop quizzes (you can drop the worst one) on the readings for that class. I would recommend, but be prepared.
5.0 : Tod is by far the best professor I have had at UW. There's pop quiz so you kinda have to go to the lecture but you would want to go anyways. His lecturers are so fun and he used lots of real life cases. The class does require a lot of work but it is how law class is. You won't regret taking his class!
4.5 : He is a difficult professor but I LOVED going to his lecture because they were never boring. Make sure you stay on top of the readings and take good notes on them! He gives pop quizzes to make sure people go to class. The exams cover so much material so make sure you start studying for the exams at least a week before.
4.0 : Tod is definitely one of the best professors I've ever had. He asked us thought-provoking questions, had awesome speakers in class, and gave interesting lectures. I would definitely take his class again just because he is awesome. Avoid Tod if all you are looking for is to fulfill the requirement -- he will make you work for your grade.
4.5 : Haven't taken the final yet, but I can say that Tod is a great, great teacher who cares about what he teaches and his students. You will meet awesome guest speakers and Tod himself asks interesting, thought-provoking questions. He is the only teacher who blind-grades at Foster. The tests and quizzes are hard, but the class is worth the suffering.
5.0 : Tod is probably the best professor I'll ever have at this school. His lectures are engaging, he uses his real-world experience and excellent real-world examples to teach lessons, and he really cares about his students' learning. Very knowledgable about law and always fascinating to listen to. Always looked forward to this class. A+++
5.0 : Tod is an awesome prof! He cares more about his classes than any other prof. that I've had. This class is a ton of work. There is a heavy reading load, and pop quizzes are extremely detail oriented and difficult. You will get out what you put in.
5.0 : Amazing lecturer and I looked forward to going to his class. He gives pop quizzes but if you do the reading they aren't all that difficult. The tests are harder than the pop quizzes but they are fair. I would recommend taking this class as long as you're ready to do the reading.
5.0 : There are pop quizzes! but the lowest one gets dropped. the exams are so hard and alot of reading. But every class is so much fun and he makes it so engaging. Blind grading is done and that makes it so much more fair. There is so much reading so you need to start early. penalises for wrong multiple choice answer so beware.
5.0 : Tod is one of the best lecturers I've ever been taught by. It is obvious that he knows what he's talking about. Plus, the two hour lectures rarely felt boring. But the pop quizzes are an absolute nightmare. My GPA dropped after taking his class. Try to focus on the stories he tells in class because they tend to be on the quizzes and midterms.
4.5 : Great class and great lecturer. The tests are incredibly difficult (4 pop quizzes). You also lose points for wrong answers on true and false questions. Read the lecture notes before class. I repeat. Read the lecture notes before class. They really help. All in all, I learned a lot and really enjoyed taking this class with Tod.
5.0 : Teaching 18 years for MGMT 200, Tod has great examples for criminal cases and he demonstrate the law through blind grading.
5.0 : Tod is a huge beast. Favorite professor I've had thus far. Very engaging and smart, used his own experience as well as real-world examples to make the class much more interesting.  Roll Tod
5.0 : He's very passionate about the subject, and is a heck of a lecturer. However, the class is incredibly difficult. You are forced to keep up with reading because he gives four pop quizzes through the quarter and they account for a large chunk of your grade. If you want a great grade without much effort, this isn't the class for you.
5.0 : He is one of the best lecturers I've had at UW. He is passionate about the subject and he also blindly grades. The class is tough. You get out what you put in.
4.5 : Intense class but Tod teaches you everything he knows. He thoroughly enjoys the material. P
3.0 : He made the class much harder than it needed to be. Hope to never have Tod as a professor again.
5.0 : I enjoyed this class. Tod is passionate about the subject and you will leave the class with a lot of useful knowledge pertaining to law. Just don't expect a great grade unless you really commit to getting a 4.0. He writes glowing letters of recommendation as well.
5.0 : Ed changed the way I think about this world. He is not a conventional professor who  gives the lecture, gives notes etc. He is the one who wants to focus on learning and applying your concepts in real life. I totally loved him.
3.0 : I took this class just for the credit it offered however, I feel so privileged and fortunate that I made the decision to take it. This was an amazing quarter for me and any class taught by Dr. Taranath is most worth it. You won't regret it! If I could continue taking classes with her or attend her lectures just for fun, I would in a heartbeat!
4.0 : Dr. Taranath is an incredible professor! I would gladly retake this class over and over again and I'm confident I would continue to prosper intellectually.
5.0 : Amazing, passionate teacher! Anu forever changed my views of the world and how I see things. Her classes are amazing, and the literature that she teaches are outside the usual 'canon' and fascinating. Highly recommended. I learned so much from her.
5.0 : Anu will challenge you to be a better human being.  The class forces you to re-examine your beliefs and to view the world through a whole different lens.  I've been to private school, public school, community college, and am currently a Junior at UW. This is the best class I've taken in my entire academic career. 10/10
3.0 : Anu Taranath is a good teacher, but the substance itself of what she teaches is lacking. She preaches a form of moral relativism and throws around empty buzzwords such as patriarchy and white privilege. I would consider at least one of the books we read in this course to be propaganda: fallacious reasoning and twisted "facts."
5.0 : Take her class!
5.0 : I've taken post colonial lit and the Bangalore  study abroad with Dr. Taranath and believe she is one of the most influential professors I've ever had. You learn and engage beyond readings and quizzes. She discusses race, sexuality, gender, disability, etc. in a valuable way. It makes some uncomfortable/defensive but she is kind in her approach. :)
5.0 : When I read posts saying that Anu would "change your life" I was really curious...  I took her class to experience this miracle of a teacher myself.  She's LEGIT!  I learned so much from Anu.  I rated "1" for easiness because of the critical thinking involved, but as long as you give an honest effort, she's a really easy grader.  Take this class!
5.0 : All of these ratings are correct, Anu is amazing. This is why I'm already registered for another course with her. She is passionate, fair, and an overall global world citizen. Take at least one class with her if you can!
5.0 : The worst part about this class will be the day it ends.  Seriously, Kutz is the best teacher at UW, and this class is by far the best part of my day, if not my entire college career.  His ability to present EXTREMELY complex topics in a crystal clear fashion is unparalleled.  If only every teacher could teach like him, this world would be better.
4.0 : This course is entirely data analysis and typed papers, with no quizzes or exams. It felt like work of the kind one might expect in employment in the data sciences. "Here: data. Here are some tools. Figure it out and report." Not especially difficult, but processing data and writing papers can be very time consuming, so you must your budget time.
5.0 : Just a great dude. Love teaching and loves the subject and it shows!
5.0 : literally the best professor ive had in my time as an undergraduate.
5.0 : Nathan is by far the best professor I've encountered at UW so far.  He is really good at keeping students engaged during lectures, he's exceptional at answering questions within and beyond the scope of the course, and he knows how to explain concepts in the context of real world application.  This class is hard, but totally worth the time.
5.0 : The assignments for this course are incredibly well-written and the subject matter is very interesting. This is only enhanced by Nathan's hands-on approach to teaching; he builds models step-by-step in class so you will know what to do on the homework.
4.5 : Amath 482: Computational Methods in Data Analysis, was my favorite class I'd taken in all of college. Nathan is an incredible instructor and hilarious and clear lecturer, and his office hours are very valuable. Expect long lab reports, but it's graded fairly and you learn a lot.
4.5 : Engaging lectures with a healthy level of humor.  The assignments are well constructed and reinforce concepts from lecture well.  One of the best professors I have had at the UW.
5.0 : I was going to quit grad school if it wasn't for Nathan. His lectures were amazing and very useful 4 students in all STEM fields. He continued 2 help me with my research even after the class was over. He is knowledgeable, easy 2 talk 2, very energetic, passionate, &amp; down to earth.  He cares deeply about his students and it shows. He's my role model
4.5 : 
5.0 : Canvas didn't reveal my real grade so I mistakenly calculated my grade wrong :(. The  professor's lectures  and readings he gave out were priceless. He is very helpful and kind. He really cares about his students and their learnings. So ask for help without  hesitating, he will spend a lot of time to help his students out.
5.0 : My only concern for this class was how groups were separated... You can be unlucky with it, but you will still learn a lot from the team members and the group works. Rely mostly on the proff's lectures, readings, panopto recordings and  help from the professor to finish your assigned parts.
5.0 : His teaching style might make you get lazy but don't.
5.0 : It is really important that you attend class and participate.  He provides good feedback and focuses on relevant material.  One of the better courses in this program!
5.0 : If you want information that will help you with your life, this is the course to take. He does have high standards and don't miss the lectures.  I plan to take more of his courses, they are relevant!
5.0 : Nelson is an Awesome professor. He is engaging, and the work required is all to help you grow as a student and a person. I would definitely take him again. Two thumbs up!
4.5 : Dr. Nelson is awesome and he knows what he is doing, he will teach you how to write a paper and it's great. A lot of the topics are the same as 300 but overall i enjoyed his class. You have a few reflections papers and group work all of which are just participation. The big things  are the paper and group presentation.
5.0 : He was an awesome professor! Very engaging and passionate about his job. The work is not easy, but it was well worth my time. I definitely will take another class with him again.
1.0 : If you have concerns for the class, just go talk to someone else outside of class for help. He's not a good problem solver. He makes it bigger for you.
1.0 : Didn't learn much from the class, just how to form a business document as he tells us to.
1.0 : I hated being in the class, and he's grading was confusing. I'd avoid taking his class if I can.
1.5 : I barely could stay awake in this class bcz lectures were long. I could hv taught myself with information that's already out there. Not a nice teacher either.
4.0 : Good teacher. Very good teacher. Good good good. You only need to write a 10-12 page essay which is due in the middle of the quarter. No homework at all. Participation matters. Attend group break out sessions and you will learn a lot from group mates. Also, read the book so you know what to expect in class.
5.0 : Professor Kent Nelson is a dedicated, inspirational instructor who teaches the principles of relational communication. There is no preparation one can do for this class; it's  about self-discovery. The class will be what you make of it, so if you want to succeed in his class make sure to be active, engaged, and comfortable writing about you.
5.0 : He's super super nice and helpful. I learned tons of valuable information that I could apply to everywhere. I can't say my grade I got from the class out loud but it also helped me find out my weaknesses. Great teacher.
4.0 : You have to attend class to do well, period. Participation is huge. You are graded on two papers, your group work and participation. He's a tough paper grader too, don't slack off or you won't do well. Absolutely adored his lectures, wonderful applicable insightful material. Good at responding to students emails. Flexible with emergencies.
5.0 : If you like improve your communication style take this class I was nursing student from shy  communication culture, now this class  help me to solve my conflict at my family, coworker and friends.so please make sure take it.I love Dr Nelson he is great guy thanks and  Dr Nelson awesome professor! Very engaging and passionate about his work.
1.0 : Word of advice, never take him!
1.0 : Disrespectful, unresponsive and very cheap with grades.
4.5 : By far the best teacher at UWT. Super dedicated to his students &amp; it shows with his teaching. Bubbly personality and everything taught in this course is relevant to the real world. Examples and class discussions used in class were always interesting, kept me engaged everyday. No major assignments except 2 10-12pg papers. Take this class!
5.0 : He smiles all the time :))), and it make ms you soo embassed and he doesn't judge if you fail hard with your speeches. So hang in there and focus on honing your business communication skills. It's also fun to watch him hahaha :))). Your group may suck, but just try to look at big picture and ignore their stupidity and shove them good work hahaha.
5.0 : He spends extra time and resources to help students learn.  However, since he can be too nice, sweet and smiley, it's hard to know where your at. So it is important to compare your groups' works with other groups'. Plus, since it's a communication class, connecting with other groups will help you learn and work better with your group members.
5.0 : He's one of those nicest professors you will remember until later. He also would listen and help if there are any difficulties or questions with hws and group works. Your group could really suck bcz he pair you up in the fairest wayy, which well represents real lyfe. It's just out of luck and it will b a good ptactice :(.
4.0 : People who want an easy grade to get their degree will always be disappointed! Dr. Nelson gives students the opportunity to learn more about communication and leadership. If a person is not willing to carefully reflect about their own leadership or communication style, they will be disgruntled.
5.0 : He is a really good and caring professor. Super optimistic and very kind. Always there to help or answer any questions. As long as you attend his lectures and go to break-out sessions you won't have difficulties passing the class.
4.0 : Great teacher! Lots of group work. No tests. My only complaint is that at the end of the quarter, only the final grade was posted. I want to know the grades of my actual assignments!
1.0 : No matter how hard I tried through out the quarter, I ended up getting really low grade because he gave me 0 on my individual research paper that was due at the very end. There were  too much stress from group work bcz  the proffessor won't care enough. He only recieved 1 final submission for reaserch paper and grades brutally on it.
5.0 : Awesome guy, doesn't give out unnecessary BS assignments.  Work was as relevant as it could be for BIS 499.  Highly recommend!
5.0 : Great teacher!
5.0 : There are 8 novels that are required readings for this course, so make sure to read a lot. The grading criteria is very straightforward. As long as you do the reading and respond to the essay questions with enough analysis of what is asked, you'll do well. The professor gives good criticism for your draft and is understanding.
5.0 : John is the man. Down to earth guy, fun class discussions.
4.0 : I love discussing literature so this class was one of my likes.  The reading became a bit much at times as it took all my time with not much left for my other classes but if you do the reading and are part of the discussions you will get a good grade.
5.0 : Really awesome professor and engaging with students/the material. There are no tests/homework assignments, but 5-10 'pop' essays throughout the quarter. It is a pretty heavy reading load, but manageable. This is a discussion class that is really enjoyable, and is so far my favorite class I've taken at the UW with the best professor I've had so far.
4.0 : Very nice professor with lenient grading. Do the reading, show up to class and raise your hand once in a while and you'll do fine. Provides engaging questions and interesting literature, nothing to complain about. One of my favorite professors at the U.
4.5 : You must read and participate actively. If you don't show up for more than 5 times, it will hurt your grade. You have 510 pop essays which you will do okay only if you read and think ahead(you will have all the essay questions beforehand). Those essays count 50% of your grade and the rest is participation.
4.0 : First thing to note: most of the stories you read in the textbook can be found on the Kindle, for free. 8 short papers and a test, pretty easy if you actually put a bit of thought into the papers. He likes you to point out odd/subtle things in the books and read between the lines. Good class.
5.0 : Professor Griffith is my favorite professor that I've had at UW. His expectations are clear. He is passionate about what he is teaching. He knows how to ask questions that lead to understanding of the material. The reading load is heavy but I've learned more in this class than any other that I've taken.
4.0 : Taken him three times. Very clear pattern to follow if you want an A. He's funny, interesting, and drives these hour-long interactive lectures. He'll always, always get your work back to you by the next day. This is the class that makes me feel grounded when others have me floating adrift.
5.0 : Super good class set-up. Just do the reading every night and a quick outline for the surprise in-class writes. You get used to the surprise papers really quickly and the discussion based lectures are super enjoyable.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers at this school. Probably the easiest class I have taken in college thus far. Still really interesting course though. He is so flexible and understanding especially with late assignments. The other teacher that teaches this gives quizzes every week, this teacher does NOT! Show up to class and your good. Fantastic teacher!
5.0 : This is one of my favorite professors at UWB. His classes are always extremely easy, especially this capstone class. We do the same amount of work as all of the other capstone classes but on a much easier timeline. It is an easy A if you do all of the assignments. He is so chill and doesn't care about laptops or even phones in class. BEST teacher
5.0 : David Goldstein is a great professor who understands his students. Our class was fun and consisted of a bung of group work. We read a lot of books but none were challenging (just long). One short essay and one long essay which you could redo if you needed to for a better grade. Take Professor Goldstein, you won't regret it.
5.0 : Prof. Goldstein was one of my favorite teachers at UWB. BIS 464 was a film class and the discussions were engaging and useful. He made it easy to participate and was clear with directions on assignments and gave great feedback! I would definitely recommend him!
4.0 : Great lectures full of his experience.  He is clear on his expectations so make sure you read them and follow them carefully.  Take good notes in class. Read ALL the articles cause they will show up on the quizzes and exams.
4.0 : Knows his stuff. Just listen and take good short notes that will help you on test. Be honest and enjoy his real world stories.
5.0 : This is BEST of he BEST professors I have ever taken in my entire life. Teaches what you are going to need in life. REAL STUFF!
2.0 : Ok teacher. I enjoyed his class in the beginning but when he says "you work will be evaluated against what other students submit," I begin to question just how ethical of a person he is. Easy grade, but may lead to a lack of interest in Marketing given his unwillingness to provide CONSTRUCTIVE feedback - his feedback his aimed to belittle you. GL.
4.5 : He's a good teacher. He doesn't give out tests for one thing and the majority of your grade depends on his writing assignments and the final project, which is a TON of work (and time-consuming of course). But overall, a very bright and helpful teacher. I'd recommend him.
5.0 : Best class I ever took. I now understand marketing.  His feedback is direct. Some students can't handle it. Any they won't in the business world either!
4.0 : he is a bit intimidating, but a very smart teacher about marketing and he has lots of real world experience that makes his class more interesting. Make sure to never be late or not come to class he is strict on that. Pay attention, pick good teams, and you will do great
5.0 : This professor is "AMAZING", with capital letters. Do not leave the school before taking a class with him. Best teacher I took at UW.
3.5 : Class is fun as he always gives lectures based on his personal experience. Make sure you take good notes + read the articles he assigns weekly. The marketing plan project requires effort so make sure you pick the right team. His marketing class is more challenging than his 307, but the class is worth it. You'll learn a lot from him.
4.5 : No respect at all. Mean! 10+ extra credit, each worth 0.05-0.1. Not allowing his student to be late to class for any reason, yet he came to class late for 20 minutes. Double standard. Discrimination. He is helpful, yet I don't think he is a good person. He teaches you how to be ethic but he is not an ethic person.
5.0 : This professor  is a priceless jewel. His class is the greatest gift I have received during my professional education.
5.0 : This is a great class. He is a tough grader but hold you to a high standard so you perform well and get prepared for the business world The marketing plan project really helped drive home the key points.  We did not use the textbook very much so it was kind of a waste of money
5.0 : Professor Reinnoldt is amazing. He truly cares about his students, and he goes above and beyond to help his students. I took 3 classes with him and I would take all my classes with him if that possible.
5.0 : Great class. I didnt learn anything in my intro to marketing class last year so this class is really helping me. No exams. Lots of guest speakers. He is a great teacher. No wonder he won the business Professor of the Year award last month.
5.0 : Real-world. Great professor.
5.0 : Simply speaking:  Great class. Learned (finally!) how to write a decent marketing plan.  Good teacher too (just don't be late for his class!   Textbook waster of money but good that we could buy used one
2.0 : I got a 4.0 in the class, did every additional assignment, always sat in the front and participated. At the end of the quarter, he told me I need to smile more to be taken seriously in the business world. So insulting, I was so shocked at how condescending he was like he had to find something wrong with me.
5.0 : I have had two classes with Professor Reinnoldt (marketing and ethics) and they were the best of my college career. His classes are a lot of work but very worthwhile nonetheless. Be prepared for group work, and select a good teammates!
5.0 : Prof Reinnoldt is a great teacher. Knows business theories and how to apply them. He has a very different teaching style. He NEVER uses notes. Teaches the whole class from memory it seems. He won the Teaching Excellence award two year in row from what I heard
5.0 : If you're serious about being successful in the business world it is important to surround yourself with people like James Reinnold. He teaches his classes from experience, rather than the text book, giving students a real world look on things. Be your best, work hard and he will reward that ethic.
5.0 : Am currently taking Business Writing with Pro Reinnoldt. Probably the best class that I have ever taken. He is tough on some people but if you come prepared you will do well.
5.0 : Very good teacher. One of the best I've had over the years.   Learned about writing tools for the corporate workplace. Just don't come to his class late and take good notes and you'll do fine
3.0 : Yes, James is an lenient grader and his workload is manageable. However, he wasn't the nicest professor. He was very condescending. I don't like him
5.0 : I took business writing with him. Very interesting class. Learned a lot about proper report writing which is very useful. He talks very fast sometimes but just take good notes!
1.0 : If you are considering taking his class, good luck!
4.0 : Great class. Tough grader but learned so much about business communications. As he said at the beginning of the quarter: If you can handle the challenge, take the class. If not, then drop it! I'm glad I stayed
5.0 : First time I took marketing class. Was great. Learned alot. Mr. Reinholdt is kind of strict but he simulates a biz office so that is great training.
5.0 : Pretty good teacher and I looked forward to his class. Assignments are not difficult but, you have to think critically. Lectures are not boring. His experience, engagement, and knowledge about the subject made the class very enjoyable.  You don't really need the book because every question on the final quiz can be answered using lecture notes
5.0 : Prof Reinnoldt works hard at helping students learn. He knows marketing although the classes are more slanted towards the service industry than consumer products. The class project is okay but you need to pick your classmates well. Textbook use not so important
4.0 : Great teacher. Great class. Tough grader. But like anything, you get what you pay for. Class project was a lot of work.
4.0 : Super passionate about teaching and students gaining insight into whats going on in the world around them. Fair grader though theres a bit of reading.
4.0 : Lots of writing and reading, but the topics are really interesting and teaches you a lot. He is willing to help you with any questions you bring to class. He is slow to respond via email, other than that I think he is great. I tried a different B Write and then switched to this one because I didn't have a great feeling about the teacher, glad I did
3.0 : He's a nice professor, but the way he talks makes it hard to understand him. He phrases his sentences in an odd way. He likes to talk a lot, and it's often hard to follow along. He doesn't give feedback on essays, so it's hard to learn from mistakes. There is A LOT of reading, too. Attendance is mandatory. I personally wouldn't take his class again
4.0 : Reading every night to take a quiz in class but it isn't to unreasonable. I did the readings and studied the night before for the tests and got a 3.5. Could have worked harder. Also she doesn't allow for laptops in class which is annoying because her slides are mainly pictures and she just speaks the information aloud. Overall I liked her.
3.0 : Get ready to ready everyday , appro. 5-30 pages, it depends. long and tedious lecture. Test mostly based on ppt and reading, so do read and take notes.
5.0 : Enthusiastic and fun teacher who gives really interesting and thoughtful perspectives on the course material and encourages student discussion. Really enjoyed having this professor! :) She made class fun, instead of simply being a chore. Looked forward to lecture.
4.5 : She's very engaging . Rarely did i get bored during class lectures. I would highly recommend taking this class with her!!
5.0 : Dr. Henry is a fantastic lecturer. She made a class about Russian underworlds engaging for every student. There's a lot of reading and participation matters but if you put in the work this class isn't a bad choice.
4.0 : As a teacher she's great. Funny and intellectually stimulating. Class is structured oddly, 13 participation, 13 final paper and 13 discussion leader and reading analysis. Not too hard of a grader but there were A LOT of books and readings quite expensive and overwhelming.
3.0 : This class was honestly a lot easier than I thought it would be. I wish she would have picked better books for us to read and didn't stereotype Russian culture as much though - some things I knew for certain were not true. Overall there were few easy papers and readings - definitely, take it.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors I've had at UW. She loves her subject and is an excellent speaker, keeps classes interesting with jokes and anecdotes. She gives you a study guide for the midterm and final, and if you go over it you'll do great on the tests- they go off the study guide exactly. She's approachable and helpful. Good sense of humor
5.0 : Even the ridiculous frat boy will pass this class. Henry does an excellent job at making something so strange, like russian folktales, become comfortable and fun. Great GPA booster and just great all around.
4.0 : Definitely had to read everyday because there were quizzes everyday on it. But overall, really interesting class and straightforward.
5.0 : Dr. Henry is so funny and engaging. There's daily quizzes on reading but I found it really interesting. Midterm and final were essay questions with a study sheet consisting of the same questions given a week earlier. Really fun, easy class if you do the work. Dr. Henry cares about your learning and is happy to help people out when they need it.
5.0 : Best professor I ever had in UW. Lectures are fun, interesting. Homework is just reading 15-20 pages and give quiz everyday. Just go to lectures everyday and read the book and you will get A. Really nice VLPA class.
5.0 : Absolutely amazing professor. very knowledgeable and experienced at giving fun and informative lectures. You will have to work a bit to get an A (3.8-4.0) in her class, but it's nothing unreasonable, just  keep up with the reading. She gives out very clear study guides for tests/quizzes.  Anyone interested in history at all will love her classes.
5.0 : Dr. Henry is a fantastic lecturer! Her classes are like listening to a story and it's never boring. There's a quiz every day to see if you've been doing the readings, but they're reasonable. Midterm and final are easy to prepare for, since she gives the questions to you beforehand. Dr. Henry is hilarious - highly recommend!
3.0 : He's a nice professor, but he grades really hard on the essay exam :(
4.0 : Lots of required text but the tests (shortlong essay qs) focus on only 2-3 out of the 5+ that you read over the quarter.  Definitely an awesome professor, super passionate and makes everything really easy to understand. Lecturesgood notes are a must because he doesnt post anything online. tests on only stuff from his review sheets. super nice!
3.5 : I took this class on a whim, just wasn't sure what to take so I thought this class would be a good idea... I was wrong... He grades incredibly hard on the exams, and there is SO much reading. His lectures are long and hard to stay interested, and there is a lot of memorizing...
5.0 : He is extremely passionate and knowledgeable on the material he teaches. I was always engaged in his lectures even though the area of study wasn't something I was particularly interested in. Overall, a great course and will go down as one of my favorites.
4.5 : Professor Warren is very intelligent, helpful, and knowledgable. He assigns a lot of reading, but the reading is relevant, as well as interesting. He brings out the best in his students, which is why my entire seminar class loved having him as a teacher.
4.5 : His lectures are very clear and he repeats himself a lot so you can zone out sometimes. He does grade very hard on exams and he doesn't give too much direction with the 6 paged paper but graded it really hard. I came to class everyday because he was so passionate about his topic, and he is honestly the hottest professor I've ever had. Eye candy!
5.0 : The exams were easy to ace, he gives you a study guide for them which tell you almost everything that's going to be on the test. There was a paper too, which is where I lost the most points, because he didn't really give you much direction on it. Not too difficult on the grading though. He's super helpful if you care to see him in office hours.
4.0 : He's very passionate about what he teaches, which makes the subject easier to be interested in.  He does assign A LOT of reading, but you can get by on skimming.  He was fabulous (faaaaaabulooouuuuuus)
3.0 : Only two tests and 1 paper and it's doubled space. He's really nice but sometimes his presentations get boring but he repeats himself so it's easy to fall asleep. His readings are really connected to lectures so you don't have to read unless it's on the midterms and final.
5.0 : Fun class! Get to attend local dance classes, dance concerts, and so many other things that are interesting! Relatively easy class but require you a minimum effort. The hardest thing in this course is filming yourself dancing and upload it on Canvas which allows other students an access to see your nasty dancing.
4.0 : No final. Bi-weekly 1-try not-timed quizzes, weekly discussions posts, like 3 papers to write (1-2 pages), and the occasional film yourself dancing for a minute or so. Go see concerts and attend dance classes (sounds time consuming but you can turn  it into a date! ) Have fun with it!
4.5 : Great teacher. Very intelligent teacher. Great speaker, great almost everything except the fact that when he makes a mistake, it takes couple seconds for him to realize he made a mistake. But that never really bothered me because he makes jokes out of it. Oh and also he's always on science magazine about quantum theories which I found interesting!
5.0 : great
4.5 : I had professor Guy this past semester during Semester at Sea. I can say he is without a doubt my favorite professor so far in my college career. He is extremely passionate about what he teaches and has some pretty funny stories that actually are pretty relevant. He grades relatively easily and reading isn't really necessary. Excellent professor .
4.0 : Most knowledgable historian that I have ever had. If you go to class and takes notes and study then you will do fine on his quizzes. He also offers extra credit so be sure to take advantage of it.
4.5 : My 2 years taking Czech with Prof Soldanova are my greatest memories of UW.  I didn't always study like I should, and man I could tell when I didn't.  It's a hard language, Jara is definitely demanding of her students, but it's because she loves her home country and loves to see her students succeed.  Hard work, but the most rewarding experience!!!
4.0 : Holly is a great passionate instructor, she will surprise you on her grading for stuff
5.0 : Holly is an amazing teacher who genuinely cares about her students. I took this class on a whim (biology major), and I am so glad that I did.  There's a lot of reading, which can be dry at times, but the material is very interesting.  There are two group projects that are worth 10% each, so beware of that. I got a 4.0, but I really worked for it.
5.0 : I had never taken an anthropology class before, so I didn't know what to expect, but Holly honestly became my favorite professor in all my three years at UW so far. Her lectures are interesting and engaging, and she genuinely cares about her students. Homework and tests alternate every other week, but grading is fair (+ extra credit). I got a 4.0!
5.0 : One of the best teachers I ever had!
5.0 : Amazing professor
4.0 : Dr. Shen is a great professor. He really knows the material and is very pationate about it. His vibrations class was intense though. He expected so much homework each week that I had little time for anything else. Great professor highly recommended but be ready to work. Gives take home exams that I spent upwards of 14 hours on.
3.5 : Shen is great! I think dynamics is a very hard subject to teach, but he does a good job. He likes to tell jokes and his lectures are very organized. His tests are hard and his graders aren't very generous when it comes to partial credit. If you're a good test-taker you'll be fine, since 90% of your grade is tests (10% per problem, 3 problemstest).
5.0 : You will finish this class, and think to yourself "I'm glad the hard stuff is over", then you start 374 and the first conversation the professor will get to is "Now that we've gotten the easy stuff out of the way...". Good professor overall, does well teaching difficult material.
5.0 : Shen is the best chance you have of doing well in dynamics.  The material is the most difficult I've ever encountered, but Shen does a really good job explaining it and you can tell he's a genius.  The book does things very differently so you might as well just ignore it and do it Steve's way
5.0 : The way Shen introduces you to system modeling is really good. His exams aren't impossible; they're just hard to finish in 50 minutes, so a lot of people end up rushing and making mistakes. But overall he's a really good professor
4.0 : The subject matter is very challenging but Steve is very good about teaching how to approach problems. His lectures can be long and a little tedious (too many derivations in my opinion) but they are good to attend because his methods are often clearer than the textbook's.
4.5 : Great professor, very funny and keeps the interest level high. I lucked out getting him for both 230 and 373 because he builds off some ideas from 230 in his explanations. I would highly recommend him for any class he offers.
3.5 : This class was really straight forward. There is no online representation of grades/assignments, which I found frustrating because I didn't know where I stood grade wise until receiving the final grade. Work is very easy: One page papers on basically anything you want that relates to the reading, a group project, and a final paper/project.
5.0 : I've had the absolute privilege of being in 3 of Kate's classes. English 361, 302, and 304. Her content is super interesting and thought provoking. Be ready to always discuss since the main concept of her class is to basically sit in a circle and talk. She is resourceful by always making our content relevant to current day. She makes you care.
4.0 : Great teacher, tolerant of everyone's ideas and encourages class discussion, almost no lecturing the entire quarter. Class has five books to read but theyre good books that are pretty quick reads. Only one 7 page paper plus 5, 2-page critical reflections that aren't very hard and are mostly opinion based book summaries. Class is a "W" credit
4.0 : One group project, super chill 7 reading responses and a final paper, same thing but a little longer  Interesting discussion and manageable workload
5.0 : Few classes can be touted as life-changing, but this was definitely one of them. This woman has more knowledge and understanding in her left pinky than most other professors do in their entire bodies. Can't wait to take another class with her.
4.0 : Kate is a very awesome professor. She is clarifying, engaging and offers a reasonable amount of work. Class time was mostly discussion based; it was interesting, thought provoking and I definitely learned a lot more than I anticipated in the 4 week summer course I signed up for. I would totally recommend a class from her.
5.0 : THE best professor I have ever taken in all my college grad school career.  She is intense and slightly crazy and intimidating but the smartest person you'll ever meet.
5.0 : Thumbs up
3.5 : Really interesting lectures and great professor, but seems to not take subject that seriously.  Great for students who are taking their first art history class, maybe a bit informal or redundant for majors and those looking to really focus on modern art history.  Overall, very enjoyable class
5.0 : Kolya is a great professor. He  will repeat an idea in multiple different ways to ensure everybody understands the bigger concepts. He tells great personal anecdotes, and rather than focusing on your memorization skills, he encourages thoughtful engagement with key ideas.
5.0 : Awesome class! Take Art/Identity/Politics if you can. Everything you'll learn is so relevant, if you care about social justice.
5.0 : I've taken many classes from Kolya. He's amazing. Great topics, clear and really interesting lectures, fair tests. He'll always make time to help out, too.
5.0 : Really cares about students, and lectures aren't boring at all. Thoroughly engaging and easy grading despite the heavy amount of readings, lecture, and assignments.
5.0 : He does his best to keep students engaged, and it really worked!  Only downside is that he does not record his lectures, so if you skip, you have to get the notes from someone else.
5.0 : Interesting class
5.0 : I'm a science major but took this class for VLPA credit--best decision! He is by far the best professor I've had at UW. He is passionate about social issues and is extremely fair and well-reasoned in his arguments. It's almost impossible to be disinterested--his energy and passion about a variety of issues is captivating. Would take again!
5.0 : Kolya is just amazing. I've taken 4 courses from him and every time I can't believe how he manages to take urgent issues in our contemporary world and link them to the ideas embodied in the art, criticism and theories he's teaching. He's an inspiring teacher, one of the best I've ever had.
5.0 : His lectures are engaging. Puts art history in context with history and contemporary times. One of the best classes I've ever taken.
4.5 : GO TO CLASS! He is looking for very specific/detailed answers on the tests. You have to be able to write a 10 minute essay on each of the 5 artworks and 25 minutes on a larger theme. He does not care if you know the artist or date; ID is worth &lt;5%. We go into deep discussions about prevalent issues in our society. Best art history class I've taken
5.0 : Kolya is such an amazing professor. He's very approachable and overall a great person. His lectures are always very thorough and he grades hard because he expect his students to be learning from lectures. He's always willing to help a student out if there's something they need help on.
5.0 : If you think his test are hard, you're crazy-he doesn't require that much of you... Half the time I couldn't keep up with the reading, but it's the lectures he mostly tests on and he will give you the things to study! I am an okay student (3.3 average), but I always got well above that in his classes. I always looked forward to his classes!
3.0 : hard class, lots of readings, be aware of pop quizzes, 2-3 times discussion/class, attendance matters
5.0 : Its totally ridiculous to hear others say that the History of Photography was hard. Please. All you had to do was come to class to get a good grade. He only gave "pop quizzes" (they were open note, easy) because people weren't talking, and basically to take attendance. That said, the class was really interesting, especially after the midterm.
5.0 : Kolya is hands down the best teacher i have ever had. He is inspiring anf really helps  his students. There are no tricks in his class. Show up, do the reading and listen and discuss and you will be fine. He goes above and beyond to help you and his tests are not hard if you have put in the effort in class. Over all amazing
4.5 : I took Russian Cinema and it was one of the best classes I've ever taken at the UW. I got so much out of this class. I learned so much about Jewish culture and history. I'm a History major and would highly recommend this class to other History majors. A lot of reading!  But such enjoyable books. 2 take home essay tests.  She's a very fair grader!
5.0 : She's extremely helpful.  If you can write well you'll be fine as long as you go to lecture.  If you go to lecture regularly you can get away with not doing ALL the reading.  She's an extremely nice person and a fair grader.  Very helpful and interesting class.
4.0 : You literally don't have to pay any attention in class, it is all supplementary to the text. Lots of pictures of Russia. However, DO read the books! She picks great ones! The essays are not difficult, and she will grow to care for you if you take the time to say hello at the beginning of class. But watch out - she will call on you unexpectedly!
5.0 : Wonderful professor. Would recommend this class to everyone.
2.0 : While this class is easy, it was the worst English class I have taken at the UW. She leaves no room for interpretation as she keeps trying to cram her ideas down your throat. Does not stimulate discussion and ultimately my grade was based on what I got out of the reading, and had very little to do with her lectures. Overall, disappointed.
3.0 : I liked Joshel but the class was pointless and she is super scattered. The outlines she gives you are very vague and don't make sense. She is really bad with technology so the way she has her class organized makes it a little difficult to do well.
3.5 : Though it was by far the most difficult class I've taken, it was also one of the most interesting and fun. Joshel is an amazing professor; this class was definitely worth the effort, but should not be taken just for an easy 'A'
5.0 : Such a smart woman. Great lecturer and an absolutely wonderful person! You'll learn a lot, so take her!
4.5 : Her lectures are interesting and she's super funny. She is clear, thoughtful, and knows what she's talking about. I recommend her if you like the subject. There is a lot of reading.
3.5 : This class requires a reasonable amount of effort to do well in. I enjoyed the material and Joshel's sense of humor. There is reading to do but her lectures are the most critical part of doing well in this class. It's a writing course so be prepared for written exams. If I had to do any more historywriting classes I'd take another from her.
2.5 : His lectures are decently relevant (so take notes), but they're clouded with anecdotes that frankly don't prepare you for the tests; therefore, READ. He isn't very clear with certain grading criteria (i.e. the portfolio) so make sure to ask him to clarify things if you're confused. I think he's great at selling, but not so great at teaching.
5.0 : The single best professor at UW. No other class will prepare you as well as his.
5.0 : Jack is my favorite teacher at the UW. He teaches the foundation of sales and if you apply to your life, it will propel your success in the business world. Other than Comm 220, this is the only other class at Foster, and the UW I found applicable/useful, and I'm a finance major. Highly recommend this class!
4.5 : Jack Rhodes provides invaluable industry experience when talking about sales management. The class learned various techniques to lead a team, which is applicable in all jobs. I cannot wait to apply what I've learned in the real world.
5.0 : One of the best professors at UW!!
2.5 : Tests are almost 100% book material. Lectures are purely anecdotal stories about his past sales experience, which is interesting, but doesn't help you learn the concepts you are tested on.
3.5 : Lectures were long but Michelle is engaging. There's no discussion participation grade, which I found nice. Supplementary readings that go with the novels were dense, but she clarifies things in class. Basically, go to class and take notes and you'll be okay for the essays, but they definitely require thinking on your part, as this is a 300 level.
4.0 : She was very generous w/ voiding some work that I've missed since I registered late. She cares about your improvement in writing and she does that by giving criticism that you can work w/.  She gives you ideas when you need them and the readings she gives are very reasonable and interesting. There are a lot of papers every week, but nothing difficu
5.0 : This class was amazing! She really gets into the books and is really knowledgable. you will have reading responses before every class and essays after each book, but they're by no means difficult. If you like literature you'll adore this class.
5.0 : The best. So kind and caring and an amazing professor to boot. Keeps class interesting and treats her students with respect. Papers are graded fairly and you have the option to rewrite. If you have the chance, take her class. You won't regret it!
5.0 : Hands-down one of the best profs I've had at UW. She is kind and thoughtful and pushes you to be a more complex writer and critical thinker.
5.0 : Really enjoyed the class. I thought the material was very interesting, and Michelle did a great job of guiding us through the readings, encouraging class discussion, and giving helpful feedback on our writing. She was also super nice and flexible about assignment due dates, as long as you communicated with her. All in all, a wonderful professor!
3.0 : Michelle was a wonderful professor - she was sweet, very flexible, and gave me good feedback. The class as a whole for me was not as good. It was extremely biased (how a Sims game is cultural appropriation) and a bit of a stretch for me. It was an environment where one couldn't challenge her views.
4.0 : I really enjoyed this class and would really like to have Michelle as a teacher again.  The theory we learned was really fascinating and the text choices were interesting.  We have to read and have written response papers before every class, but I did not find the work to be overbearing or difficult, I am an English major though so ymmv.
5.0 : Michelle is hands-down one of the best professors I've had at UW. She teaches in a relatable way that shows she cares about how students learn and if we learn, rather than whether we are keeping up with her pace. She's is incredibly intelligent and her classes have taught me so much. Highly recommend!
4.0 : Class was discussion based, so you should have interest in the material if you take this class. Otherwise, it can get boring due to length of the class. Nevertheless, Professor Liu was great. She was nice, flexible, and knowledgable. Recommended.
4.5 : Absolutely adored this class. I was already sure I wanted to continue with an English major, and this class only further cemented that certainty. I had such a great time, learned a ton, had some fantastic conversations with the professor, and didn't miss a single session even though it was my earliest class and I was always exhausted. Loved it.
5.0 : THE BEST ENGLISH PROFESSOR EVER!! Her lectures are very fluent and amazing. The class is heavily discussion based, but she makes it interesting and engaging. She's always there for you, so make sure you ask questions if you have any. Make sure you understand the grading criteria of essays: if you do, it's not hard to get an A.
2.0 : Prof. Liu grades tough when presenting different points of views in papers.  If you write what she agrees with, you'll get a good grade.  Her prompts are particularly confusing.  The prompt and grading criteria on all three papers didn't quite coincide with each other.  They also use a lot of made-up terms from readings.
5.0 : If everyone took one of Michelle's classes at some point in their life, no one would hate English. She makes each text you work with accessible and not exempt from criticism from any angle. She never tries to coax the answer she is looking for out of her students. Instead, she is fully invested in getting her class to have an opinion and sharing it
5.0 : She's a great teacher, and really focuses on making sure her student's learn rather than putting them down with bad grades. As long as you do the work (which may seem like a lot) and participate in class, you'll have a great time. You'll learn to get loose and express your writing.
5.0 : The best professor I've ever had. She's brilliant AND kind. Amazing at articulating abstract ideas. This was one of the most intellectually stimulating classes I've ever taken, without it being too overwhelming or stressful. You'll be a MUCH better thinker and writer at the end of it, and you won't have to go through hell to get there.
5.0 : By far my favorite professor of all time! She makes every class fun and interesting. Yes, tests are tough. And yes, participation is key to succeeding in lectures and quiz sections, but she makes it fun and easy! The study guides are a life-saver. You will remember things that you learned in this class for years if not for life!
5.0 : Dr. Kenney is my favorite professor at UW! She keeps her lectures fun and engaging, and has lots of jokes. She does questions in class, but if you're paying attention you'll get it right. Participation counts. here's only one paper, and tests are straight forward. Do the study guides, readings and pay attention to lecture and you'll do fine.
4.5 : I took this class because I heard it is super beneficial especially if you are a female. It turned out to be true. I learned tons of stuff in this class and professor Kenney is very helpful both in class or after class if you have any questions. Her slides are clear and they are wonderful material for you to study. Definitely take this class!
5.0 : Dr. Kenney was truly inspiring! I worked harder in this class than I usually do, but Kenney makes you want to learn what she has to teach. Unlike other biology courses that I've taken, she makes the material interesting and current. Kenney also provides plenty of test preparation materials that really work if you use them. Definitely recommend!!
4.0 : Tests are directly from lecture and readings, lots of practice material. quick quizzes (pop) during lecture so you want to attend. Very interesting and straight forward. She is a little difficult to talk to. Downside is you have to attend discussion (2 pts ea), total course=262 pts, tests=60 ea [exams: (written (12ish pt), multiple choice (45ish)]
3.0 : Its extremely difficult to get above a 3.5 in all honesty especially if you're balancing it with other classes that are difficult. Not an easy A but it is interesting.
5.0 : Wonderful class. Nancy is very kind and a great lecturer. The tests are very specific and may people think it's "too hard" but if you study the provided material it should be easy. No textbook just readings online that are interesting as well. There are random in class quizzes but they are open note and very easy. Love this class would recommend.
4.0 : Class material is almost all biology while quiz sections are psych discussions about various hot issues, FYI. She goes very specific on exams and at times it was very overwhelming. Grading overall is on the less forgiving side. Lectures can feel long, but Kenney was very nice and funny, so it was alright :) She's a passionate one, for sure!
4.0 : Really liked her as a lecturer and professor. Her tests were hard, I studied a lot and still only got a C out of the class.
4.0 : Great professor! Tests can be tough but if you study flashcards you'll be fine. Mostly fact based and pretty simple definitions.
4.5 : Prof. Kenney has a great sense of humor and keeps you interested in class! The tests were pretty straightforward, but you really have to know everything from the slides and the main ideas from the readings. There are 16 random questions in lecture that count for credit. Her final was also cumulative.
4.0 : The class is fairly easy but you HAVE to take the time to learn the material inside and out. 1) Take advantage of the review materials she posts online.  2)  Attend lecture so you receive all QQQ and participation points (and quiz section). 3) Do the service learning opportunity if you have the time.
5.0 : Sumida is an interesting professor. Had him for Asian American Theater and he goes in depth on literature and loves to talk. He tells great stories, but sometimes it is easy to zone out. Still, an easy class with a great, caring professor.
5.0 : Professor by Sumida is by far the best teacher I have had at UW. His lectures are great, the work is not difficult and his personality overall is awesome. He's funny and going to class isn't really necessary unless it's a quiz day. I would definitely recommend him and any class that he teaches.
5.0 : One of the best classes I have ever taken. Lectures are incredible because Sumida is a legend. No need to go to lecture and read the books, choosing one or the other is all you need in order to get a 3.5 or above with ease.
4.0 : This class analyzes how the selection of books help you understand the US in the past and our present. Sumida was exceptional on how he presented each book, giving a voice to the authors. 2 essays, which if you go to lecture and quiz section, should be easy to do. If the next professor does anything similar to Sumida, I'd defiantly take it again.
4.5 : Sumida's funny, nice and makes going to lecture fun. As long as you know how to write a decent essay, you don't "have" to go to class, but lecture helps a lot. You won't regret taking this. Lots of reading, but no exams (only two short essays).
4.5 : SUMIDA IS HANDS DOWN THE BEST PROFESSOR I HAVE COME ACROSS DURING MY TIME HERE AT UW.  HE GENUINELY CARES ABOUT HIS STUDENTS WHICH IS RARE IN A HUGE UNIVERSITY SETTING.  HE'S FULL OF EXPERIENCE AND KNOWLEDGE HE CAN TELL STORIES FOR DAYS.  YOU WILL FIND EASE IN HIS CLASS BY ENGAGING IN THE READING AND LISTENING TO HIM.  U ACT IN A PLAY @ THE END :)
4.0 : Great professor. The lectures were lengthy, but most of them were interesting. She loves engaging the class and making sure people participate! Easy grader!
5.0 : My favorite class of the whole year! The topic and content was really effective in showing how and what social workers do. You learn a lot more about different kinds of social work there are and get to practice cases for homework. Mary Lou is an awesome person, she is fair and clear with her teaching and gradings.
4.5 : Great professor. She made the class very interactive by adding a lot of group discussions and class discussions, which means it would be your best interest to have the homework done and well understood so you can discuss it. The textbook somewhat necessary, especially the 1st chapter since it had levels of intervention (macro, mezzo, micro).
5.0 : My favorite teacher I ever had at UW and my favorite courses! I've always struggled with language but she was very effective in teaching the material and also connecting it to the culture of Indonesia.
4.0 : Alan is very insightful and teaches you a lot about the subject. There is a lot of reading and you're tested on it so you have to read it. His lectures are really long and boring, so be prepared to sit for two hours and listen to him. He's a really caring guy though so it's worth it.
1.0 : One of the worst professors at UWB. He grades based on political views. If you have conservative views, he will be harsh grading you.  He prefers to teach with his liberal agenda in class. Sometimes he doesn't know what he's talking about. Every class he always talk about how he hates Trump and how bad the 1% is. This class is a joke, dont take him
4.0 : Dr. Wood's Modern China class is set up in tutorial sessions (small groups) instead of a big lecture hall. Tutorial quizzes based off of 1 term &amp; there are weekly paragraph assignments. Final paper and final exam. He's very nice and he grades quite leniently. I learned so much about China's history! He's not teaching this after this quarter tho...
5.0 : He does assign a lots of reading, but as long as you pitch in slightly. He will grade very well! Easy and cool guy! He's an older gentlemen and he's ready to retire, so he is very laid back!! TAKE!
5.0 : Bill was a great professor. He is extremely knowledgable about the Media and Political Economy, which shows through his enthusiasm and crazy packed power point. He has tons of information and constantly reaches out to his students via email to announce any changes that may happen. Very helpful and caring. Also understanding about absences.
5.0 : Professor Kunz is an incredible professor that genuinely wants his students to succeed. You have to do the work (just like any other class) but he is there for questions and help whenever you need it, while being completely approachable. I wish he could teach every class i had to take. He is by far one of the greatest decisions that UWT has made.
5.0 : Best professor at the UW. Seriously.
3.5 : He speaks only in mathematical terms during lecture with few relations back to the physical world.  He'll help you if you need it, and is very clear about expectationsgrading criteria -in that respect he's a great prof.   But this is legitimately the hardest required class in the ME dept and he essentially sounds like the textbook on tape.
5.0 : Wonderful teacher, absolutely loved class, was always there to help explain things as well as get theoretical for those interested in research. Would take again.
5.0 : Truly a pleasure to have taken this class. Terry is a great professor and person, he cares about what he does, but more importantly he cares about his students. Thank your lucky stars if you are lucky enough to have him as your professor. For you 4.0 seekers this is your stop, but try to show up ready to learn and you'll walk away a better person.
4.0 : Great professor, very knowledgable, super engaging. Class is discussion based and there is a lot of participation. He's a tough grader, but he also prepares you well and gives good feedback. One of my favorite classes I've taken!
2.5 : Mike thinks absurdly high of himself. His lectures consist of personal examples of how good he was at selling. That class is pretty interesting, but you will feel like you're walking on eggshells with the professor. He actually got mad at me for going into office hours too much, I went 3 times. Take this class, but from a different teacher.
5.0 : Easy A! most definitely take him. Not much studying required
5.0 : Great guy who loves to help. I didn't put into much work and got a 3.8. One of the best marketing professors at Uw
5.0 : Great class. Cant go wrong. gives study guide to help you prepare
4.5 : Eguchi is one of my favorite professors at UW. He is a very fair grader and makes his expectations clear. He also is very engaging in lecture and makes it worth your time. It is by no means an "Easy A" but if you show up to class, do the homework, and read, you will do very well in the class.
5.0 : It's a very interactive class so you have to be prepared for that. He's a great lecturer. Would gladly take another one of this classes if the opportunity came.
5.0 : I really enjoy this class. There is a lot of participation but you get used to it by the end. Definitely a course with a lot of real world applications.
5.0 : Difficult class with TONS of reading. However will keep you engaged and interested in all topics as long as you have a single care about the subject on hand. One of the best and meaningful classes I've taken in years.
5.0 : Professor Krabill is by far the best teacher I have ever had. He cares about his students and encourages participation. He provides a safe space for thoughtful discussion. His class was intellectually stimulating and if you have the opportunity, take any class you can with him!
4.0 : Ron is sincere and engaging.  He is the one professor I kept hoping he would lecture more since he is extremely competent on media and human rights.  I looked forward to the class discussions.  There was no textbook assigned which I appreciated.  There is quite a bit of reading with articles and two group projects.  I enjoyed the class a lot.
5.0 : Ron is a tremendous professor, and a tremendous guy in general. He is so friendly and lively and truly cares about everyone in the class. He wants you to learn and engage first and foremost, and is very flexible in how you do so. He respects all opinions, but also isn't afraid to tell someone when they said something they wrong. Take him if you can
5.0 : Great professor but you will work for your grade. Participation matters and there's lots of writing and essays and reading. If you want to learn take this class with him. Is a great resource overall as well.
4.5 : He is really intelligent and you will have deep meaningful class discussions. I got an A but I worked VERY hard for it. It is not an easy A but he is a fantastic professor.
3.5 : The lectures got long-winded if he lost his train of thought but each topic he talks about is fascinating. His grading is pretty harsh; he is a stickler about precise terms and the final paper dropped several people's grades by a few tenths. I mean, he got his bachelors from Yale and a PhD from Stanford. A brilliant mind; UW is lucky to have him
5.0 : - Great prof to take for EFS - Really cares about his students - Gotta put in the work though, lbh
4.0 : I took his early fall start class - really cares about his students and I learned a lot in his class. You have to understand the concepts to do well on the test, so make sure you ask questions. He is very approachable and easy to joke with. You only have a midterm and a final presentation, no homework, so spend your time studying outside of class.
5.0 : Took his EFS class. Not at all on the neurobiology pathway but I really enjoyed the class. Funny, approachable, yet respected. Lectures are dense yet clear. Be ready to study a lot though.
3.0 : Overall the class was interesting and Professor Moody gave great lectures. When it came to assignments though, he wasn't clear about deadlines or guidelines for the paper until the due date was fast approaching. He did hold a really helpful study section before the midterm. There wasn't much homework, and the subjects taught were thought-provoking.
3.0 : The instructions in her assignments were not very clear and hard to understand fully without first talking to her. So if you were to take this class make sure you communicate with her as much as possible to know what your doing regarding the assignments.
1.0 : The class is quite pleasant itself but similar things cant be said about the instructor. The instructions given are not clear as there are subliminal expectations from the instructor, which isnt specified. The instructors grading system is inconsistent to her instructions. Her nature is unpredictable; kind at times and callous at other times.
4.0 : There's a ton of reading every single week, so this isn't a class you should take with a heavy workload. I did, thinking it would help balance out my grades in my harder classes but this class ended up being my lowest grade. So if you don't have lots of time to read really boring text, don't take!
4.0 : Online class so the professor wasn't super involved to begin with. There's a lot of reading and the class will seem easy because there are very few graded assignments. Basically, it's easy to get behind on your work so just make sure you keep yourself responsible.
5.0 : Professor Lawson is one of the most companionate caring and proactive professors at the UW. I was having one of the worst years of my life but Professor Lawson helped me succeed where other Professors may have simply given up on me. Prof. Lawsons feedback is by far the most comprehensive individually tailored feedback I have ever received.
5.0 : Do the readings. Go to class. Take the class seriously. If you do these things you will get a 4.0.
5.0 : I really liked Smith's lecture.  It is hard to tune out because he is funny and engaging.  He does not ramble, gets down to business.  The tests are pretty easy, just listen to lecture.  Offers audio online, but his slides at lecture are clear and concise.  Did not like TA because he made readings mandatory and was unnecessarily strict.
4.0 : Professor Smith's lectures are very structured. He uploads recordings and the outlines on canvas. Midterm exams encompass reading questions discussed in quiz section and questions about the lecture. All reading material is posted on canvas which was great. Ideas are easy to grasp and your grade depends on your TA.
3.5 : Professor Smith made his lectures clear, but not necessarily concise. While the information was usually interesting, he sometimes went off on tangents. Nice guy, good explanations, interesting lectures, and knowledgeable about the subject. 2 assigned readings per week, but not much other than that. Good class overall!
4.0 : I had absolute no interest in politics, yet I took this course and I do not regret it one bit. The lectures were usually engaging and the TA was great. Just simply go to lecture and take notes and do the readings. Pretty straight forward class.
5.0 : easy to listen to, and the course content is really interesting. All the readings are online, and make sure to do them and do the reading questions. Tests will ask 3 short answer questions that are identical to 3 of the reading questions, and 2 lecture questions that you pretty much just have to look over the slides to be able to answer.
4.5 : He makes class interesting. Go to class and do the readings and you'll be happy with your grade.
1.0 : Lectures drag on and on and are full of useless info. Not even the TA knows what to expect on the test. The really dumb part is that the content of the class is really easy, to the point that I didn't feel like I learned anything. Left every class thinking "what  the heck was the point of THAT lecture?" Boring, frustrating class.
4.0 : Class was very interesting and Smith's lectures were entertaining. The concept were pretty intuitive, but a good intro to what Political Science is all about. Downside is all the assignments are graded by the TA and you may not feel you get the grade you deserve. Class was made up of 2 short essays and 2 tests.
4.0 : Professor Smith is a great lecturer. Explains things clearly and concisely with good examples. Pay attention during lecture, do your readings, and you'll be fine.
5.0 : By far the best professor I've ever had. Take every single class you can with him, especially if you can do his Friday Harbor programs. He invited me to his Grad seminar in Friday Harbor and it was the best experience of my life. He reminded me why I fell in love with poetry when I was little. He is clearly a genius and he loves his job.
5.0 : Rick will challenge everything you know about language and leave you eager to explore the innumerable corridors of sound and sense.
5.0 : I wish I had all day to write about how much I love Rick Kenney. Where to start? He is the kind of guy you just want to hug because he is so cool and so incredibly wonderful. Such a gifted poet, and his lectures on language will blow your mind. He forever altered how I look at words and the way we string them together. Don't miss out on his class.
5.0 : By far the best professor I have had yet in the English department at UW. He filled every person in the room with confidence, praised us for our strengths, and built us up after our weaknesses showed. He will make you love poetry in ways you never thought possible, and he will use examples that stick with you for life. Take his class!
4.0 : Good GPA booster for a VLPA. However, only take this class if you're okay with writing A LOT. the final was a series of essays on the films we watched-it took a lot of work. He is not too harsh of a grader, but not an easy grader either. some films are hard to follow so just pay attention during the class discussions of them.
5.0 : Being an Italian major, Claudio is one of the best professors in that department. he can go off on tangents and like many foreign language professors the syllabus is never concrete and the course packets have been commonly offered throughout the course. he really wants you to think deep about Italian culture and he is great at explaining things!
5.0 : Claudio is a passionate teacher, and it is easy to tell he genuinely cares about each student's learning. He does a great job of explaining subject matter in ways that are clear to each student.
4.5 : He's an engaging instructor who demonstrates a genuine interest in students learning and writing about the material.
5.0 : AWESOME CLASS! I think it did help that I was greatly interested in the class, but that being said I knew nothing about info going in. Prof E is an awesome guy that really loves what he is teaching. Whether you love info or have no idea what it is.. TAKE THIS CLASS
5.0 : Dr. Depies is hilarious and knows how to connect with his class. Would not recommend taking if you intend on texting during class or show up late because it is easy to get on his bad side if you do that. He grades on a curve so even if you do "bad" on an exam you may not do bad in the class. Every day of class he brings energy and passion!
2.5 : He is a really fun person and I love talking to him outside of class, but his lectures are so difficult to follow. He goes over concepts quickly and he gets irritated when no one answers questions he asks to the class. I wish he would go over concepts in class that are useful for the homework or for exams. Find a study group outside of class!!
3.0 : He is a funny professor, the class isn't that hard. Showing up to class is important because of the lectures he gives. He makes you feel like you don't know what you're talking about!
4.0 : Overall, he was a good professor. He basically gives you the layout during lectures but it is up to you to practice hw and read. My first physics quarter, I did an average of 75 percent on the exams. This quarter I improved significantly . I just got 90 % on my first exam. I gotten more used to the physics concept and I'm also reading the book.
3.0 : I left this class knowing just as much physics as when I came in. Everyone was failing his exams (Average was a 60 pretty much the entire quarter) so he gave the best curve I have ever seen (probably to save his own butt). I failed majority of the exams, did homework and ended up with a 3.0. Cant complain for now but need to self teach for MCAT.
1.0 : Worst professor I've taken ever. Although he seems very knowledgeable in Physics. He is not organized, clear, &amp; very biased towards certain students. I want to give him the benefit of doubt &amp; say that this is his first Astronomy class he's taught but still... not a very pleasant experience learning or helpful. Won't be taking his class ever again.
1.0 : The worst prof ever. Does not understand student problems, exams different than HW, if you took physics before might be easy, overall I would not recommend taking him. When you ask him a question, he becomes mad, and does not explain well.
5.0 : Physics has brought us so many technological advances that it floors me how most physics profs insist on writing with chalk. Depies tends to scribble and talk fast and doesn't utilize screencasts or lecture slides...which makes it very difficult to follow along. That being said, he's still about the best you can get from a physics professor at UW.
5.0 : Attend lecture (pay attention), do the hw, ask questions, and give thought to what you're asked in class. Dr. DePies is one of the best professors I've had at UW. His lectures are engaging and actually feel like he's talking to you, not at you. His expectations are clear and class is well organized. Use of chalk over tech was much less distracting.
4.0 : An approachable professor that uses sarcastic humor to connect with his students. He makes himself available to students who ask for help. His passion for physics and teaching is evident in his lectures. His exams are based on material covered in class. Attendance is not mandatory, but if you miss a class, he will email you to make sure you are OK.
1.0 : By far the worst professor I have ever had. Does not care one bit about students succeeding and you can tell that he could care less about teaching. Barely replies to emails, and if you can't make his office hours because of another class, he won't care and might "try" to help you if you can make it while he is at school and not busy.
4.0 : His exam prep materials are great, but lectures aren't the greatest. He confuses himself a lot and  freezes mid-lecture to stare at his notes. It's not his fault though. He never taught fluid mechanics before, and I think he was forced to. Exams are easy, and he always posts solutions for practice problems ,so studying is pretty painless for me.
4.0 : Definitely prone to confusion at times, however I expect the next time around he'll have a much easier time of it.  I expect future themal fluids courses he teaches may be smooth as butter
4.5 : He is a very self-less professor, always giving to his students. The dude brings in coffee and croissants to my 8:45 to help wake students. Summarizes tough material in packets and is very clear cut with grading and expectations. He struggles a bit with material, but fluid dynamics was never easy and he hasn't ever taught it. Good stuff.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors so far. Chem is not my forte, but he made it engaging and interesting. Very enthusiastic and animated. Homework and exams were fair and he was a generous grader. Also a very nice man.
4.0 : I loved him. He has a solid voice that you can hear anywhere in the room and he is very excited about the material he teaches. The thermo series is  difficult, so prepare to read a lot &amp; do TONS of practice problems. But, quizzes are straight from the HW so that's good. And 40% of the final was take home! Very approachable &amp; willing to help u.
5.0 : Lots of class discussions, political theory, current events. Everything I love. Participate in discussions every day and be creative in your papers and you may just 4.0 her class
4.5 : Awesome professor who relates material to real-life situations. I'm a COMM major and a business minor, so I can't express enough how math/business classes are a challenge for me. To be successful in this class: watch the videos, do the questions and GO TO THE TUTOR. I don't think I would've earned a passing grade without going to the tutor.
5.0 : Teaches economics in an intuitive way unlike most professors who just stand in front of the whiteboard and write down endless calculus equations.  Fantastic professor and would highly recommend.
2.5 : Very intelligent, lectures are clear and concise. Doesn't hold class for the full time and no text, so you're on your own a lot. Definitely recommend tutors if you're weak in math. Exams are very difficult, but not tricky. You cannot pass this class without doing a lot of work on your own. Will tell you constantly (with pride?) that you'll fail.
4.5 : Professor Wills gives AMAZING lectures. Very engaging class and as long as you show up and pay attention you'll do fine. He posts sample questions as well as the lecture notes and videos on Canvas after every class, which are extremely helpful. 2 midterms and a final is all that your grade is based on. No homework assigned but is encouraged. Great!
5.0 : Amazing professor! Like everyone said, his lectures are engaging and he gives very good advices. As long as you understand the material, study and do the homework, you're good to go for the exams. Always do the homework he puts online even though they are not mandatory bc your grade is based on only the 3 exams.
4.5 : I've taken every class offered by Wills at UWT. Extremely intelligent and he is not afraid to let you know. Will fail students and not care, which makes it nice because by the time 420+ rolls around, a majority of students in the classes actually care and want to learn. Come to class on time! Best teacher at UWT, hands down.
4.0 : Best professor UWT has to offer. You will actually learn something. Tough class but it is worth it.
4.0 : Hands down the best professor that I've ever taken. Not only was the material interesting, but the way he relates it to the real world is incredible. There is no homework and no textbook. All of his lecturespractice problems are online and you can access them anytime. Don't slack, he has 3 tests and thats all that determine your grade.
5.0 : 420 was hard because I could not remember algebra. Tutor was needed daily for that purpose. 421 was amazing! Understanding of the Fed and international exchange rates was cleared up. Found out that China's cheap products benefit everyone!
4.0 : Wills shares lots of stories that relate to the topic which is nice. also has videos on every topic so if you can't make it to class that can help. he doesn't use any textbooks. He won't answer any questions clearly and makes you feel stupid when you ask them. Your entire grade is based on 3 tests with 4 questions each and are ridiculously hard.
5.0 : This was hands down the best class I have taken in college. Dr. Wills is a amazing professor who shows you how economics applies to your everyday life. He does not try to push an agenda he just gives you information and allows you to come to your own conclusions. I would highly recommend his class if you plan on working anywhere after college!
4.0 : I have taken LING200 and 269 with McGarrity, both of which I really enjoyed. She is my favorite lecturer at the UW thus far and she makes every aspect of the class interesting and engaging. Her expectations are always reasonable and she is also hilarious. Take one of her classes if you get the chance! (Also don't buy the textbook for LING269)
5.0 : Great professor. The course is easy as a whole and her explanations are crystal clear. I learned something useful with her. Recommend her!
5.0 : This professor is the best I've had yet! She had amazing lectures and had me interested in the field of Linguistics even though it has nothing to do with my major. If you have the chance, take a class with this professor.
4.5 : I absolutely loved this class! McGarrity is an awesome lecturer; she gives you ample time to copy down her notes, which are straight forward and organized and she explains everything well. I made stupid mistakes on the midterm (negatively worded questions) so could have done better, but felt like I truly learned lots and enjoyed every minute of it.
5.0 : Professor McGarrity's class was really fun because I enjoyed taking notes and exploring new ideas in lecture. She is a really great teacher :).  Unfortunately, the online reading quizzes that they make you do and the online homework were difficult because of how specific you had to be with the multiple choice answers (AKA trick questions).
4.0 : Definitely one of my favorite professors I've had. She makes lectures a lot more enjoyable and engaging by slipping in little jokes here and there. Her lecture is always very clear and easy to follow.
5.0 : She is one of the best lecturers you'll meet at the UW. Her powerpoint slides are also so clear that there's no need for a textbook. Lectures are not mandatory but she uses turningpoint clickers (i think you can miss 5-6 days and still get 100% in participation). Exams aren't that difficult!
3.5 : Lectures get boring.
5.0 : Genuinely hilarious lectures; she's a fantastic speaker. Her class is a great one to audit just because the lectures are seriously entertaining. She made the course material fun and interesting. Don't buy the textbookif you go to lecture you don't need to read anything. Extremely easy A.
5.0 : She is a respectable professor who is always putting in the best for her students. Available for office hours, funny and interesting in class, and poses good questions for her students. As a large lecture class, it is unfortunate that we had to use multiple choice tests for such interesting and nuanced concepts. (average class grade 84.29%  2.9)
2.5 : Thought this class would be easy,but boy was I wrong! Content was difficult at times, quiz section was pointless, &amp;midterm/final were SO hard despite studying a ton and hiring a tutor. Lectures were very boring and made me want to fall asleep everyday. Would not recommend this class to anyone.  Don't waste your $ on the textbook.
3.5 : Maybe I would've enjoyed this class in an in-person setting. Lectures were really dry (even though Laura tried her best with humor). Her exams are full of curveballs and tricks, so learn the small details. (Also, don't buy the textbook. Seriously. Don't buy it. Completely unnecessary.)
5.0 : I came into this class thinking it was going to be super easy but it's not. The first half of the quarter was more analytical work and test scores were lower on the midterm. The second half was much easier, more broad concepts. The final was way easier. Not the hardest class, but also not a walk in the park. You don't need the textbook.
4.5 : Straightforward grading and assignment. Quizzes and exams are a little bit tricky so make sure to read the questions more than once. Other than that, McGarrity is fantastic lecturer. Clear and concise powerpoints and explanations! Also keeps you awake with her great humor and passion for ling. Glad I learned ling from her.
4.5 : Laura knows the subject rather well, and makes her lectures quite interesting. The first half of the course involves more memorization, and one has to put in more effort then, but the latter half can be taken more easily. This class is also great to get done with those VLPA credits. Also, try getting into Kellianne's quiz section - she's amazing!
4.0 : I went to class every day and ended up getting a 4.0. As long as you listen and copy down her presentations, you'll be fine. Do not buy the textbook. She doesn't test over anything that she didn't cover in class.  You have one group project and two exams along with weekly quizzes and homework.
1.0 : What a way to start my university journey. Worst class ever. Professor is not reachable and not interested in students. None of the lectures were clear.
4.0 : Professor McGarrity makes the class both fun and interesting.  She is really funny and also knows a lot about the subject. There are weekly homework assignments/quizzes, but they are not too difficult. Expect to do some memorization of certain symbols and definitions. Overall a great class and great professor.
1.0 : AVOID AT ALL COST!!!!!! WILL WRECK YOUR GPA. MY 4.0 BECAME A NEGATIVE 3.0 :OOOOOOOO
5.0 : LING 200 was a fantastic Class. Dr. McGarrity was fantastic in capturing student interest, through very engaging lectures. She often encourages dialog with the students, and I encourage you to speak up. Homework and Quizzes aren't too bad, and there's usually a couple of points of extra credit.
5.0 : Professor McGarrity definitely loves teaching this class, it shows in her lectures at class. She is also really funny and explains concepts really well. Tells you what you need to know for the exams as well.
5.0 : I took her class as an elective assuming it's an easy 4.0, but it's a little harder than people say. I did pretty well even though I bombed the first midterm. Her lectures are funny and contain everything you need for the tests, so no need to read the book. If you keep on top of the assignments and quizzes and study before exams, you're set.
5.0 : Homeworks and quizzes are really easy. Exams are MCQ. Class is not graded on a curve so it's an easy 4.0. McGarrity is a great lecturer and absolutely hilarious at times. I definitely recommend it if you want a chill VLPA class. Make sure you attend class though because participation can mean the difference between a 4.0 and a 3.5!
5.0 : Professor McGarrity is, without a doubt, the best professor in the LING department.
4.5 : McGarrity is hilarious, and her lectures are usually organized and easy to follow. They can be a bit boring sometimes, but she gives really memorable examples that can seriously help you understand the material! If that's not enough, there's plenty of resources that can help you out. Overall, a pretty fun and easy class!
4.5 : The course LING 269 is a class called Swearing &amp; Taboo Language. She is actually very knowledgable in the subject and I always find myself enjoying the course. She is an amazing lecturer who is able to keep the class engaged throughout the class. Love her! Her lectures are so easy to follow!
4.5 : She is fantastic.  Even those who don't care about linguistics find her lectures interesting. She makes everything really easy to understand. Homework, quizzes and tests are all straight-forward and really easy to study for. Never bought the textbook, her lectures are sufficient
2.5 : Do not recommend this class if you are not interested in linguistic.  95% (grade weight are not balance that will lower your total grade if you got at least 2 bad score from either quiz or exam) of your grades are depended on your 8 quizzes and 2 exams. Quizzes are tricky.
3.0 : She is a good teacher but IT IS NOT AN EASY A. Don't take this if you want an easy grade without doing work. Going to class is NEEDED for a good grade. 1 midterm, 1 final and online 10point quizzes with HW every week
4.0 : I only took the class for the VLPS credits, but now i'm seriously considering minoring in Linguistic. Her class is too awesome, she is so hilarious.
4.5 : I love Prof. McGarrity! She's really nice and funny. Her lectures are very clear and easy to understand. There are a lot of things to memorize for the tests, however they are not too difficult. Prof. McGarrity makes every piece of information interesting. I definitely recommend her and her class! I hope to have her again in the future.
2.5 : Taking the online class was tough... I went to her lectures even though it wasn't required. Based on the materials provided through only the online class, I found it near impossible to master the subject. Other than that though her lectures were okay
5.0 : Gotta go to class, there are graded PollEverywhere questions every time, but its fun, she's so funny and enthusiastic and caring. HW is not insignificant - you'll want to put some time into it. Yes there's a textbook, but I found it unnecessary - its a good reference tho. Phonetics is the worst, get ready to memorize the US IPA or suffer on exams.
5.0 : perfect professor
5.0 : her lecture is enjoyable
4.5 : What a great way to start off my UW experience! McGarrity made Swearing and Taboo Language far more clear and professional than I could have imagined it myself. It almost felt like a sociology class, which I loved. I never read the textbook and finished with an A grade. Overall, I would rate this course as excellent for sure!
4.5 : This class was so easy. I played on my phone and spent 45 min outside of class per week and got a 4.0 no problem. There are 6 homework assignments and 7 quizzes, the lowest of each get dropped. There is one midterm and one final, each are worth only 20%. She does do clicker questions in class every day so do go to class if you want credit.
4.5 : Such a great lecturer. She's very passionate about what she does and it shows. Lectures are very clear and easy to follow. As long as you go to every lecture and know the material well, the tests are straightforward.
4.5 : Professor McGarrity is hysterical. Lectures are enjoyable and quizzes/homework are a breeze. Section is pointless. The only down side to this class is the difficulty of the midterm and final compared to the rest of the class. With that being said, if you put some effort into it this class can be an easy 4.0.
5.0 : NOT AN EASY 4.0. You have to go to class for participation points and you have to put in effort on the weekly homework and quizzes. Exams are quite difficult. That being said, McGarrity is an excellent prof and you will be rewarded if you put in the effort.
4.0 : Loved taking LING269 with her. She was the only enjoyable professor I had this quarter; she's incredibly sympathetic towards students and offers a lot of opportunities for help. You don't actually need to buy the textbook since she covers everything in her lectures.
5.0 : I didn't have a clue what I was in for prior to taking this class.  Classroom discussions and group projects stretched my mind and I came out the other side with a greater understanding of my personal culture and what my individual morals look like.
3.5 : My views on identity and US colonization was changed drastically for the better.  If you are a community organizer, this class is for you.  A lot of critical analysis papers ( but the final project is the best!
3.5 : Third is dope - he keeps the lectures interesting. Small class size too. I would recommend his class. He's a prof but it seems like he's a peer too. Not too much work, just two short papers and a couple of reflections. Gotta go to class and participate though! 10/10 would take again.
5.0 : super nice. Have him for minority/ethnic studies at green river (he teaches at 2 schools) and honestly he is so cool. super down to earth teacher and respectful to every student and their views and what they have to say. he's an easy grader. lectures or movie every day. 1 assignment a week,either a paper on the weekly reading or a group project
5.0 : Professor Andresen is a gift. He brings a whole nother element to a class with the his knowledge in the subject and the respect. The readings distributed we also very well chosen and writing a detailed essay every week, though challenging, really improved my writing skills. The speakers were also INCREDIBLE.
3.0 : Blog post every week, reflecting semi-lengthy readings assigned. There was hardly any course material, we mostly watched videos and then groups would present on it. There wasn't any outside information presented, so class time was unstructured and sometimes a waste. Heavily class discussion driven. Expectations were vague  and feedback was poor.
5.0 : This was among the most academically challenging. Each week we had to write one paper, read on average over 100 pages of material, and participate in engaging class discussions. No other class even came close to this.
4.5 : Lots of readings. Lots of critical analysis papers. Pretty structured (Monday we watched films and Wednesday we analyzed it through presentation).  The down time was dedicated to getting our final projects done, which helped a lot actually (knowing we as a class didn't start till the last minute). Lectures and discussions were eye opening.
5.0 : I agree with all the previous comments, unless you are dedicated in this subject, it is a lot of work and reading. But Prof Migdal is extremely helpful and talented, he knows what he's talking about and is one of the best professors I've had. Take it and work hard, it's worth it!
5.0 : Hands down the best prof I've had. World class researcher and it shows in his lectures. Also hang out with students after class, answering their questions and occasionally going to dinner with them.
3.5 : Easily the most reading-intensive class I have taken at UW and he grades very hard. However, I have never learned so much in one quarter. He lectures on really important topics and brings in guest speakers that are highly recognized. Best course I've taken at UW, despite all the hard work. I recommend taking a class with Migdal.
5.0 : He's a really good professor, and it is obvious he wants his students to do well. He even had optional discussion sessions after class every Friday and made sure to ask the names of everyone who raised their hands in lecture, every time. However, it was a HARD class :/ And your grade in it matters if you want to major in JSIS.
5.0 : Very impressive class. Joel is the best professor I have ever have. He has a very good way to explain complicated world. Really enthusiastic and funny. The class is not easy,  every week about 150 pages of reading. Though it is hard, but at the end you will definitely fall in love with it! It worth you to put effort on!
4.0 : Here's the deal: yes, there's a lot of reading and the subject matter is complex. However, there were 0.4 GPA points of extra credit offered (some for seeing guest speakers, some for exemplary participation). Do well on the paper and its multiple drafts, do that extra credit, and study for the final in advance. You'll be fine.
3.5 : 201 is a hard class, but making use of the study groups he assigns will prove extremely useful when studying for the final. There is extra credit, take advantage of it. Another note, deep understanding of the books he assigns is not necessary. Know enough to ace the pop quizzes, then don't worry about it.
5.0 : AMAZING PROFESSOR, classes are challenging, but don't be discouraged by the other reviews that talk about how much work there is. Its manageable if you're disciplined and his teaching skills, amazing knowledge base, and quirky sense of humor more than make up for any difficulties you'll face.
4.0 : Always there to answer your questions and encourages students to speak Spanish as much as possible. Sometimes she can make you nervous because she makes you talk when you are not ready, but she helps out for her students to try! Definitely a fun class. But make sure you do your hw all the time and on time!
5.0 : Very charismatic and caring professor. Homework almost everyday and he sticks to the syllabus. There was only one extra credit opportunity, but as long as you try your hardest and do the readings, you'll pass. He gives great feedback and goes out of his way to help his students. His grading is pretty lenient and participation is highly recommended.
5.0 : I took the intro Italian series &amp; had Giuseppe for 101&amp;102. Easily one of the best profs I've had at UW. He speaks entirely in Italian, which is difficult at first but makes you truly learn the material. His expectations are clear, but he'll always clarify if needed. Go to class, do the homework, have fun, and you will get an excellent grade.
5.0 : Giuseppe is amazing. He speaks entirely in Italian from day one which is difficult sometimes, but it really allows you to learn Italian and get used to listening to people speaking Italian. He's really nice and funny and always answers questions thoroughly. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : A Professor that really cares about his students, you can't go wrong with Loveless.
4.5 : Easily one of the best teachers at the University.
4.5 : Pretty good prof. Curves just like any other Math 126 prof, maybe slightly better. Median around 3.0. He always replies e-mails fast and is available for help!
5.0 : Professor Loveless is the best teacher I have ever had. He frequently is available for students to come and get help. Take him if you can! You won't regret it.
4.0 : Great teacher. Challenging class, but he explains it very well. Uses some examples in class. I wish his test reviews were more in detail. If you commit and finish the homework, you should be fine. Recommended.
5.0 : SERIOUSLY take this professor. If you're not gifted with math gene, this man will change your entire outlook on the subject. Humble, understanding, and clear. Don't take anyone else.
5.0 : Dr. Loveless was perhaps one of the best teachers I've had in all my years of schooling. His weekly emails with homework hints and supplemental readings showed how much he cared about his students' success. His amiable personality and dad-humor lightened the mood, while his lectures were very clear and never tangential. So much gratitude for Andy.
5.0 : I enjoyed his lectures when I took math 125 two years ago. So much great personality and clear explanations. Must-have if you plan to take calculus courses.
5.0 : Loveless is an awesome lecturer who clearly cares about how his students are doing. Because he is solely a lecturer, you know his focus is always on teaching you. His homework is fair and helpful, and as long as you study and pay attention in class the tests are super reasonable.  PS- Loveless? More like lovechild of James Franco and Brad Pitt.
5.0 : Andy Loveless is probably the best math teacher I have had since high school. He is so clear, funny, and well spoken. The ONLY non fantastic thing about him is that he can move pretty fast sometimes. But, he is very responsive to questions and keeps you interested. He works fast, but not so fast that you feel lost.
5.0 : very nice professor!
5.0 : one of the best math professor you will ever meet!! He is passionate about math and helping, so go to him! also he replies to emails about HW or anything in like 5min even if it is later in the day
3.5 : Professor Loveless is a nice guy, but not always easy to follow. His handwriting is messy &amp; he moves really quickly. He makes tons of review sheets for us &amp; sends helpful emails 2-3 times a week, but w/ other classes, we don't have enough time to review them all. He confuses us w/ examples that don't apply to what we're doing. Tons of HW.
4.0 : He seemed genuinely enthusiastic about the topic. He teaches rather quick and its not recorded on Panopto so you have to go to the lectures and pay close attention to absorb all the info.
5.0 : Although his name is Loveless, he's Love-infinity. The lectures are organized, quick and understandable. He thinks that students' passing the course as the most important thing and always provide lots of resources for reference. Be it, MSC/office hours/CLUE/etc. Definitely taking him for the next maths series.
5.0 : He put everything into 4 easy steps. I have never understood math more easily
5.0 : Hands down the best math professor I have ever had. Would recommend sitting in on his lectures if you don't have him as your professor. Very helpful.
5.0 : great professor
5.0 : His lectures are crystal clear and he always manages to make me laugh on top of it. Also the extra materials Loveless provides are extraordinarily helpful. I would take another class from him in a heartbeat.
5.0 : This guy knows how to teach! Very clear in lecture and showed many good examples we would need the HW and tests. Sends you very helpful review sheets for every chapter.  He is a great teacher but you still need to put in the work and do lots of old tests to succeed in his class. His midterms are very reasonable but high medians! Practice alot!!!!
5.0 : Straight-forward professor. Gives clear explanations and explains the purpose of things. Very good prof if you are bad at math. Even better if you are good. Best professor - clear and concise on such a subject. Midterms are alike and does not trick you.  He truly tries to help his students be the best they can be.
5.0 : suuuuper easy tests. If you already know the material though, that's not a good thing because it means theres a high mean (think 50/60 for a 3.0). Best teacher you'll ever have though.
5.0 : So far he has been the best professor I have had. He is really good at explaining difficult concepts and although the tests are hard, he has a lot of material to help study for them. He has crazy long office hours and is very helpful one-on-one. The lectures are paced really well and always gives lots of examples in class and on his website.
2.0 : He gave good lectures and made the concepts easy-understanding. However, I do not agree that he is actually caring about students. Sometimes he did wrong questions and refused to face his problems. I seldom went to his office hour because there are so many students and few questions solved. AND HE IS ARROGANT.  Still, I got a 4.0^_^
5.0 : Loveless is great! I enjoy talking his class though math is one of my least favorites. He gives easier tests than other 124 professors. And no quiz! The only drawback is that the easy midterms don't prepare you for the final enough(The final is wrote by all the professors. )
5.0 : He is the first professor I have ever had that actually cared about if his students did well. He works really hard at making sure you understand everything. His tests are not bad if you go to class. If you don't go to class they may seem tricky but he really prepares you for the tests if you go.
4.5 : One of the few professors that actually care how well you do in his class. Emails students weekly with lesson plans as well as practice problems and examples worked out. If you use all of the resources that he gives you, you'll do great.
5.0 : The best math professor in this school. If you have to take a math course, take his!
5.0 : EASILY THE BEST TEACHER I'VE EVER HAD. He genuinely cares about your success, promptly posts review sheets after every lesson, and even lets you use notesheets for the exams! If you're willing to learn, you'll do well in this class. He makes it really difficult for you to NOT do well, as he actually takes the time to provide lots of study material.
5.0 : TAKE LOVELESS. He is absolutely the best professor I have ever had. He creates note sheets and extra material to help you understand the material and he isn't required to do this! His office hours are extremely helpful. Beware, test averages are high though so make sure you understand the material well! Very thoughtful and cares that you learn.
5.0 : Merely reading the textbook makes me feel math 125 is hard, but his lecture makes me feel easy. Dr. Loveless really knows how to teach. His lecture is really helpful for me to understand how to use those formulas in solving problems. His midterms are not hard. If you work through all the old midterms, you'll be totally fine. I get 4.0 in his class.
5.0 : Amazing professor!! Best math teacher I've ever had. He explains things well, and if you don't understand something he is very open to questions/provides lots of extra help. If you have taken calc before (like in high school) the class is pretty easy.
5.0 : Loveless is the BEST math professor at UW, ever! His lectures are great to sit through. He explains everything in a timely, yet clear manner. Plus, he makes silly comments and gets the class laughing. He is also a fair grader, and offers lots of help. It was a pleasure to take his class, and I hope I get the opportunity to be his student again.
5.0 : Really nice and caring professor that will do everything he can do help you to make sure you do well. Super understanding and not intimidating, he made math enjoyable.
5.0 : Dr. Loveless is an excellent teacher and although the tests are hard, he prepares you really well for them. His weekly emails contain supplementary notes and past tests to practice on. His lectures are very clear and never boring due to his friendly and funny personality. The final exam scores for his classes were significantly higher than others.
4.5 : GREAT PROFESSOR! I struggled through this class though having never taken calculus before in my life, and almost everyone else in the class had already learned some calculus. If he wasn't my professor I probably would have dropped the class because it was so hard for me to be honest. He rocks!
4.0 : Dr. Loveless is by far my favorite math professor at UW. His midterms in comparison to other teachers are slightly easier, lecture is useful and he cracks a few jokes. The most helpful teacher at this school hands down, shows he really cares about his student and does everything he can to let them succeed.  great communication too
5.0 : Professor Loveless is by far one of the best math professors I've had. This class, overall, was pretty easy since , it focuses mainly on integrals. He sends out weekly emails and is always willing to help you learn. He's very clear and really cares about your understanding of the material.
5.0 : HE IS THE BEST MATH PROFESSOR I'VE EVER HAD. His explanations are clear and gives great examples. He is also easy to talk to
5.0 : The calculus wasn't that hard. He is a very good instructor. The only issue was that the everyone did well on the tests so any missed points had a very strong impact on the grade.
5.0 : Loveless is no doubt the best math teacher at UW. His lectures are never confusing and he's always helpful at office hours. However, his tests are pretty easy so the averages are really high so thats the only difficult part about his class. Take advantage of his extra practice that he sends out. Also pulls midterm questions from homework
5.0 : Best math teacher I have ever had. He's even helping me even in Math 126 through the materials he has on his University website. The quarter I took Math 125 with him the class had the highest average GPA of any Math 125 section, which I think is due to how clear and helpful he was.  His lectures were great, and his weekly emails were very helpful.
5.0 : This guy is a GEM - clear-cut and crystal clear. He's so good, you don't even need the textbook. His notes are all you need, which he even posts (you can skip class). He's also mastered the grade curving, so the most people in his class can get good grades. Hence, getting a spot into his class will only be your greatest struggle.
5.0 : the best math professor in University of Washington. I feel so lucky that I can meet professor loveless. he is extremely nice, patient, enthusiastic, earnest, responsible. His lecture is very clear, and his office hours are extremely helpful. In his office hours he never care about time, he won't leave until you solve all of your problems.
4.0 : Tests are really easy, so if you want a good grade from his class watch out to not make careless mistakes; his system punishes you especially hard for that cuz the avg for tests are so high. Straightforward personality, sometimes a bit hotheaded, but overall not bad professor.
5.0 : Loveless puts a lot of extra time into helping students. You are guaranteed to be able to get extra attention and clarify any areas of confusion that you may have by going into office hours. He'll sit down and walk you through the steps until you understand.
5.0 : He really cares that all of his students do well. Gives you all of the resources needed to get an A. If you don't get a good grade, it is because you didn't put enough time in. Take advantage of all the study notes and guides that he posts and go see him.
5.0 : Professor Loveless might be the best math professor I ever met, and he really cares about his students. Whenever I have any questions, he can give me a long talk about the whole math background of the topics, and try to make me understand the details. He really brings me passion on learning math!
5.0 : Loveless is the best teacher I've ever had. He cares about his students. He makes math make sense like it never has before. I took his first quarter of him teaching 307 and you would have never known. Only downside is that he's such a great teacher that the test average is really high.
4.5 : Not the ideal professor to take if you're looking for a great grade as the curve will not be in your favor. Expect frequent emails from Loveless. Tests are fair.
5.0 : LOVELESS IS THE BEST TEACHER EVER I HIGHLY RECCOMMEND HIM YOU WILL NOT REGRET
5.0 : Good at lecturing, gives you lots of extra resources, very approachable, tests were pretty fair
5.0 : Most dedicated math teacher I've ever had in my life. Diff eq was easy math to learn but he still made review sheets for every lecture, overall review sheets for tests, sent weekly emails with tips for homework and came to class a half hour easy every day to take questions. His lectures are clear and informative and are mostly composed of examples.
5.0 : Awesome professor with absolutely tons of extra resources that he makes himself and makes freely available. Never met someone who was so passionate about math. People do well on his exams.
4.5 : Great professor!
4.0 : He cares a lot! Class curve is very high and exams are generally easy. The high curve is the biggest source of problem. He is (or at least, always tries to be) funny and hilarious. Grading is very relaxed and he tolerates exotic method such as tabular integration or double integrals. He is fine with method that is not taught yet.
5.0 : Andrew is the coolest math professor I've ever had.  He is super interesting, goes over a ton of examples, and is super fair. I was lazy on the online homework's which is the only reason I didn't get an A so do those! The midterms and final are pretty easy, go over his lecture examples and do some past exams and you're set! You'll love this guy!
5.0 : If you do a lot of practice tests before exam, it would help a lot
5.0 : Great professor--once you take one of his classes all of your other professors will pale in comparison.
5.0 : He is definitely the best math instructor in UW. He is very good  at explaining and conveying concepts to students. His website contains many review materials that he created for students to use. If you do all the problems he posted on the website, it would be easy for you to get A.
5.0 : My best decision at UW so far has been to take Dr. Loveless. He explains concepts very well. He cares about his students learning and passing. His tests are a breeze with moderate studying. He gives tons of helpful resources on his course website, which you should use even if you don't have Dr. Loveless. All-around solid 5 star prof.
5.0 : One of the best, if not the absolute best, math teachers at the university.
5.0 : By far my favorite professor so far, he made me realize why I like math again.
5.0 : He made calculus seem like easy algebra. His explanation is always to the point and I''m never confused in his classes. Go to lectures and he does many practice problems to help you with your homework. He also is very willingly available for his students during his office hours before and after the class. You don''t even really need the textbook.
5.0 : he is just absolutely nice, humorous and amazing. Strongly recommend him.
5.0 : Dr. Loveless is one of the best math professors at UW. Even though the mean and median in his classes are usually very high, you will be fine if you attend his lectures. It's pretty straightforward, he'll make you work for your grade.
5.0 : Very great teacher. He honestly cares about your learning, which in turn makes you want to do well in class.
5.0 : Good!
5.0 : One of the best professors in UW!!
5.0 : I did not actually have him as my professor, but he let me sit in on the class every day and gave me all the hand outs. He was extremely nice and made learning extremely easy. He is the only reason I passed DiffEq. My teacher was not as helpful as loveless is. I would recommend Loveless to anyone. He truely wants to see you shine and learn.
5.0 : Good professor I met in UW. Helpful and lecture is clear.  Friendly and always reply email on time!
5.0 : Great professor who is honest and willing to help outside class time. He is there, unlike many professors who dedicate their time for themselves and research, via email and office hours. The school needs more professors like him. 10/10 recommend
4.0 : The most helpful teacher I've had so far. His office hours are usually spent in the math study center, where he stays overtime.
5.0 : I really do think he cares about his students a lot. With the weekly email, lots of review sheets and etc., I can tell. Class is based on examples, very helpful.
4.0 : I had Dr. Loveless for the entire Honors Intro Calculus series. Lectures were superbly engaging and decently entertaining. Tough but fair exams.  Homework (Webassign) was annoying but it did the job, and you can't really blame the teacher for that. Shout-out to the really good TA too!
4.5 : Dr. Loveless is very helpful. He spends a ridiculous amount of time on campus just to help students, he answers emails on homework and gives tips to help you solve the problem. I used the book a handful of times, otherwise I got help from TA's and Dr. Loveless in the MSC. This math class is fairly easy, and I struggle with math. He's awesome.
4.5 : absolutely phenomenal teacher, really cares about his students
5.0 : Made me love math again!
5.0 : Dr. Loveless is the best math teacher I've ever had. His lectures were clear, he was very approachable, he actually cared about us learning the material and was always willing to help students out. I highly recommend him for any math class.
5.0 : Dr. Loveless is quite possibly the greatest professor at the UW. I found him to be beyond helpful. He would send out reviews, notes, and even give you access to past midterms so you could review. Honestly it was a joy having him as a teacher I would love if he could be my math teacher for my whole college career! Not even an exaggeration!
4.5 : There for you.
5.0 : Good lecturer, no quizzes.
5.0 : One of the greatest professors at UW.  Makes very complex concept easy to understand and helps you out whenever you need it.  The one problem is that because he is so good the curve tends to be quite high, but nevertheless, YOU HAVE TO TAKE HIS CLASS.
5.0 : Loveless is BY FAR the best Math 124 professor. He does every single thing in his power to help students succeed short of taking the tests for them. He is amazing at explaining things, and is very accessible and easy to talk to. The material is difficult, but it gets easier as the quarter progresses.
5.0 : His class was very engaging and he really wanted everyone to pass. He would send out emails about anything related to class, reply to you email with great understanding solutions to you're problem. He really cared as a teacher. Just plain amazing!
5.0 : I highly recommend Dr. Loveless. He's amazing and really gives you every opportunity to succeed.
5.0 : Loveless is the best math teacher I have ever had. I am not very strong in math, but he makes things so easy to understand. He basically tells you what is going to be on the tests. He is very funny and very caring and really does want to get to know you. He's always available for homework help. Amazing class!
5.0 : Dr. Loveless was an amazing prof. I have never had a teacher who provided so many extra resources to ensure that all of his students have the opportunity to succeed. He teaches at a very slow pace so it's easy to understand. There is quite a bit of HW and the tests are difficult but this course was definitely manageable with Loveless as my prof.
5.0 : He's great at what he teaches and is always willing to answer questions. He does not grade on the bell curve that destroys students who do poorly. If I had to take another calculus class, I would want him to be my professor again.
5.0 : Dr. Loveless cares a lot about his students and their grades. He provides a lot of extra material if they need help as well as extensive office hours. You have to attend quiz sections, that's how you earn participation points. As long as you stay on top of the material and don't get lazy, it's honestly an easy A. I don't get how students stuggle
5.0 : He's the best. You're lucky if you get him. Even when you contact him through email the night before exams, he always reply in detail within 30 minutes. Very helpful and caring. So sad i finished his class already
5.0 : Doctor Loveless is one of the awesomest professors in UW! He is so caring about the grade each student will get. And he is also extremely helpful. He'll send a lot of emails each week with a bunch of awesome advices and tips. He is also really open to his students. And I felt so bad for him getting upset because of the low attendance in class. :(
5.0 : Dr. Loveless is awesome. Math has always been really tough, and it was the first time where algebra has been interesting! His class is really straightforward: go to lectures, put in the practice, and you'll do well. He gives you SO MANY resources to do well: always in the math study center, extended office hours, replies to emails... HE IS GREAT!!
5.0 : Loveless more like Lovemore???? I loved Loveless's class. His lectures are really easy to understand and the homework is not that bad. He does his best to make sure everyone understands and does a lot for his students, for example, emails newsletters and homework help. Overall, great professor.
4.0 : He was a good professor and very reasonable. He was good about breaking things down for easy consumption. The only problem I had was my grade was based on 5 grades. For someone like me who chokes consistently on tests, it basically means that I'm guaranteed a fail... But it wasn't for a lack of effort on my part or his. Will take again if possible.
5.0 : Loveless is an amazing professor. He tries to help students as much as he can, he provides a lot of resources. Take his classes you won't regret.
5.0 : Loveless truly cares about his student's success. He provides endless resources for every learning style so that you can succeed on the exams. He goes far out of his way to get everyone the help they want, and it made the class easy. Because I showed up to lecture and made sure I understood the homework, I got 100% on the final. Take his class!!!
5.0 : Although his last name scary people out, Dr. Loveless is more like Lovemore. He does care about his students' success and therefore e-mail and upload many useful course materials. His lectures are interesting, engaging, and clear but I happened to find these materials more helpful before tests. I decided to take MATH112 after finding his name :)
4.5 : Dr. Loveless is the best professor I have had so far at the UW. He is so helpful whether you ask him questions in person in class or at the Math Study Center or even over email. The isn't much of a curve but he actually truly cares about you doing well in his class and will do anything to help no matter your learning style.
5.0 : Great professor. Helps out and cares that you learn. 126 was a breeze with him.
5.0 : He was good at making topics clear during lecture. I was able to ask questions outside of class by going to the math studies center.
5.0 : His lecture is so funny and he is so nice
5.0 : I love this man's enthusiasm for math :DDD
5.0 : Andy is the guy. The course is pretty tough and if you don't put the time in then you will struggle for sure. That being said, he is the most dedicated professor I've ever had, and would 10/10 recommend.
5.0 : Definitely one of the professor that will always be there for you, especially with all the notes he created for us to study from, since there's a lot to cover in lecture, so the notes are really concise about the main ideas he was hitting on. He always has a bunch of time for us, and tutoring services mainly for this class as well. Very kind too.
4.5 : Loveless is a great lecturer and teacher although the material in this class is hard. He explains it really well.
5.0 : Loveless really cares if you pass the class. He gives a ton of extra help and is almost always available for office hours. Show up, take notes and take advantage of the Math Study Center when he or the TAs are there.
4.5 : Friedman is wonderful. She knows her stuff about the history if Jewish women and is so open to her students' ideas and opinions. It is clear she enjoys teaching and cares about her students. I recommend taking a class with her!
5.0 : A sage. A legend. Big heart. Inspiring. Excellent, endearing human being. Oh, &amp; also knows a TON about forests. What more could you expect from a man who helped write the NW Forest Plan and has the middle name Forest? Seriously. ESRM425 was a life-changing experience for me and I feel privileged to have had Jerry as a teacher.
2.0 : Rosenthal is a pretty dull lecturer, he doesn't do a great job relating the abstract concepts to concrete examples, and the readings are tough. I depended heavily on my quiz section to clarify what was said in lecture. If you do the readings, skip lecture, and go to quiz section, you can get a 3.5 at least. Would recommend another intro phil class.
5.0 : Dr. Rosenthal knows the material extremely well and it shows during his lectures. Although the almost 2 hour long class can be exhausting, I found his enthusiasm and clarity very conducive to my overall learning. Read the assigned text before class so that you can actively participate/ask questions when needed, and you will be successful.
5.0 : Prof Rosenthal is a greatly respected professor and very knowledgeable about the course materials; the lectures are very engaging and interesting, l never wasted a second looking at the clock. Went to his office hour few times and he was very sincere answering your questions, in every bits of detail. Highly recommended.
4.0 : Nice guy. Smiles, never using a harsh tone. Clear on his lectures and expectations, except on essays. Would recommend the writing center, especially for philosophy because the papers are a little confusing to write. Average is usually an 80 on papers. Lots of readings, but his lectures help you understand them better. Overall nice atmosphere.
4.5 : Unless you completely understand philosophy, attendance is a must to understand what these philosophers are talking about.  Rosenthal is a really nice guy who really knows his stuff.  Readings not necessary to a point if you go to lecturesection regularly as long as you do them for the papers.  PPT slides can be wordy but overall good prof.
5.0 : Great professor. Very articulate and clear. Extremely hard to get a 4.0 but decent a grade is pretty easy.
5.0 : Words cannot describe this man, he has tutored me at the UW instructional center for years. If you ever have his class, get to know outside of class. Be kind to him because he chooses to give up his personal time and stay late so that he can help students in math, statistics, and physics
4.5 : Great managerial skills and great life advice. Funnier than most and great teacher. Always some snarky comments, but funny nevertheless. If possible, take his classes and get his help from the instructional center. I would say he is a modern day Einstein
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at UWB. Assignments are easy and her instructions are simple yet valuable. Her lectures are very engaging you will succeed in the class if you put the effort.
5.0 : Fieldwork experience class. Dana is so sweet and kind. She is very flexible with due dates and she cares that you take leave learning more about yourself and others in this seminar.
5.0 : Notes can be used on quizzes and exams so take good notes. Go to office hours for questions on homework. Overall receiving an A should be do-able.
5.0 : Overall this was a great class. Definitely keep all the notes you have from this class for your required lab class. One downer was the fact that the midterm and final were so long that I don't think very many people even finished. If you want to finish, you need to practice doing the problems a lot. Print out the solved practice exams for the tests
5.0 : She's nice and clear. Grades are NOT curved. You can drop 1 quiz out of 4 with 2 more exams. Exams are not that hard if you did the practice exams. You may not be able to finish the whole exams and quizzes since they are LONG!
5.0 : I am not a math person but I got a 4.0 for this class. The way she arranges the materials and class notes is really logical. Just follow the notes step by step you will do pretty well on the exams.
5.0 : Great professor, she goes at the right pace to make sure students understand. But you can't pass without going to lecture. Participation points matter and some of the material is challenging but as long as you pay attention during class and ask questions, you'll be fine. Homework is pretty easy, you get 3 tries on questions.
4.0 : She's great! Super clear about what she expects and always answers any questions you have. Homework is easy, quizzes are pretty easy with studying and provides a lot of material to review for midterm and final.
4.0 : She is not a horrible teacher, but this class was long and mundane. There is homework worksheets everyday, which are equivalent to some kind of worksheet you might get in the fifth grade. I feel like I did not learn much from this class. Most of it is busy work, rather than work that actually expands on the material.
4.0 : The quizzes and midterm are easy, BUT THE FINAL IS SO HARD OH MY GOODNESS. You would not expect the final to be this hard, even though everything is open note. The homework is only due a couple times a week, but it is important to do well on all of them.
5.0 : I loved Dana!! The quizzes and tests were difficult, but with studying it's not difficult to finish. She's clear about the expectations and her lectures are pretty much exactly the material that will be on the test. She teaches statistics logically so you understand the concepts and her office hours are lifesavers.
5.0 : She is a really really nice professor who gives a lot of help. I don't think stats is easy, but she makes it fun. She is really good.
4.0 : I have to disagree with most on here and say... this class was extremely difficult for me. I studied after school everyday for hours and still just got a B+ in the class. The main issue here is NOT ENOUGH TIMES ON QUIZZES AND TESTS(FINAL/MIDTERM). Most of the class didn't even finish. The material is fine, but the time constraint is terrible.
5.0 : Dr. Nelson is a sweet and amazing instructor. Her explanations are clear and she is more than willing to assist students outside class. Quizzes and midterm are relatively easy but the final exam was very challenging. You have to get accustomed to various types of problems in order to do well on the finals within the given timeframe.
5.0 : Dana was amazing!! Yes, most people didnt finish the first quiz but dont be deceived: in my class and the class my friend was in the completion rate of tests was almost 100% after that (as long as you study!). She makes stats very logical and is a compelling teacher. Office hours, hers and the TAs, are the reason I did well. Attend those!
5.0 : Shes probably one of the best professor. Take 315 with her. Time isnt really an issue if you look over the material for like 30 minutes before the quiz. She tries to give any excuse to give you credit. Very clear on all her explanations
5.0 : Great prof! She makes the lectures very clear and gives plenty of office hour opportunities. Go to class, do the homework, and study a few days before the tests and you will do fine.
5.0 : One of the most insightful and helpful instructors I've had. Lectures are in depth but really interesting. She is such an intelligent woman. TAKE THIS CLASS.
4.0 : Dr. Wassink explains things in satisfying detail and really knows her subject. However, 1)  Make sure you know what she expects for papers, and 2) Be prepared for the final. **HINT** be able to describe every character in the IPA in seven ways (i.e. B is a Pulmonic Egressive Modal Bilabial Central Oral Trill).
5.0 : Julia is an amazing professor and has extremely clear explanations. She is always available to help students and loves to work with you. The only downside is she sometimes assigns some pretty difficult work, but its manageable if you use her as a resource.
4.0 : Lost a lot of weight this quarter!
5.0 : She is always accessible to answer questions about Japanese at your level. Her classes are interesting and she is great at explanations. The class is at its best when she asks more challenging questions and goes outside the content of the textbook. Anyone with interest in Japanese should enjoy her lectures. (average class grade 88.79%  3.3)
5.0 : She is one of the nicest instructors in the Japanese program at UW. I really enjoyed attending lectures because she would explain grammar points very well to understand. I feel like my Japanese has improved. Always read the yomimono and understand it very well, you will get an awesome grade if you do so! I am really glad that I had her.
5.0 : Took her 300 and 400 level classes years ago.   I majored in JP linguistics, studied in Japan, and wanted to become a JP professor.  And Mitsuda-sensei is hands-down the best in-class instructor I've seen.  She's exceptional at explaining the language's trickiest elements.  Her tests and grading are fair, no matter your interest level.
5.0 : Matsuda is an amazing lecturer! Just review daily and look over the lesson or reading before the lecture. Attendance is a must, but I always enjoy going to lecture anyway!
4.0 : As with all Japanese classes, HOMEWORK IS DUE EVERY DAY. You have to do a lot of work for this class. Tests are hard, and count for a large portion of the grade. Attendance is mandatory. BUT she is nice! I will keep taking classes from her, but its NOT easy.
5.0 : Super Professor, super, super! Best teacher. Very nice and patient to explain difficult thing well.
5.0 : Excellent lecturer with real interest in teaching well and exploring the (often absent) intuitive understanding of EM phenomena that most EEs surprisingly lack. HWs may be surprisingly long to some, but if you work for it you'll get a lot out of this class. Highly recommend taking 361 with him regardless of your background!
5.0 : Best prof I've ever had in EE. Fantastic lectures, and amazingly helpful office hours
5.0 : Absolutely the best professor I've ever had. I will miss his class. He is not easy, but he will push you to understand the topic not just calculate it. Regardless of your concentration I recommend this class. His insight is amazing, and his door is pretty much always open for students to come in and ask questions.
5.0 : Definitely one of the best professors in the department. I would highly recommend his 361 class for anyone looking to solidify his or her knowledge of advanced multi-variable calculus and E&amp;M. Lectures and engaging and designed to give intuitive understanding of the material rather than superficial knowledge of equations. Note: homework is long.
5.0 : he is great
5.0 : So, normally when people do very well in a class, they are likely to give the professor a good review. I was "mediocre" in his class, but found it awesome he never treated me like an idiot because of that. He was incredibly understanding when I bombed his midterm and congratulated me on improving on the final. He really worked to make sure I got it
4.0 : Sabine is an impressive academic who really knows her stuff. The class I took was seminar based and she never really lectured in depth and mostly let the class lead but would step in when her knowledge was needed. Great professor! Considerable amount of reading and decently long papers too.
5.0 : Sabine is an incredible professor, academic and overall person. She is extremely knowledgeable about global affairs and genuinely cares about every one of her students.
5.0 : Awesome professor, very helpful, thoughtful and knowledgeable. She cares about all of her students, but if you show an interest and actively participate, she will be very appreciative of your efforts. Very approachable and easy to talk to-go to her office hours!
5.0 : Prof. Carmichael is the best! He teaches the concepts not so much math. I loved it  b/c I wanted to know what the numbers mean. Participation counts. Explains subject well and if you pay attention, you wont need to bother with the book. He post lots, lots of his own notes (summary) of the class which helps a ton! A few math problems but not hard.
4.5 : Class organization may not be the best but it's more than made up for by the fact that Carmichael has a lot of real world experience in finance at a high level and a lot of knowledge to impart.  This is a refreshing change from many of the other business professors at WWU.  He is also very understanding and flexible.  I highly recommend his class.
5.0 : Truly a great human being. He actually wants students to succeed as opposed to other professors who intimidate you. Its incredible how he hasnt won Teacher of the year! Definitely take his class for a better grasp on Finance. Asian Professors do a horrible job at explaining concepts such as Professor Ying Li (NEVER TAKE HER CLASS!!).
3.5 : He is very lenient grader. Tests are in essay format and you usually get a lot of partial credit.
2.0 : He has so much knowledge, but really sucks at teaching it all. He makes no sense when he's lecturing. The whole class goes just in case he says something important, but most people are on facebook the whole time. He grades on a huge curve, which is nice because no one passed the tests. You pretty much have to teach yourself the material. Beware!
4.5 : Best professor I've had at UWB. His tests are not regurgitation. A lot of questions are conceptual. Not heavily math based, focuses on some math problems (usually one or two per test). He grades on a curve. His style of teaching is more about what you know. He's a great lecturer.  Doesn't really use a lot of powerpoints, hw is optional.
4.0 : i took his class in 2012 .he grades your works based on how well you draw, not on the efforts you put in each project. Even though it's an intro level, he grades hard as if you are an art student. He gives critiques in class but you still can't make any improvement. The avg is around 3.0-3.1 but def not a gpa booster if you are looking for one.
3.0 : Eh, he was not my favorite.
5.0 : TBH among all the UW art classes I've taken, his ones were the only ones that I learnt a lot from. Yeah, really tough grader, almost impossible to get an A+ from him. But if you're an art major, I'd highly recommend you to take at least one course with him. He's just a great teacher and an amazing person.
5.0 : Brody has a lot of helpful comments about all types of drawing. I've learned more from him than any other art teacher at UW. He has some creepy stuff on his professional artist website but don't let that deter you, he's a great prof with a lot of knowledge to offer. Critiques were the most helpful part. GO TO CLASS, the studio time is really useful
5.0 : Awesome teacher.
4.5 : He is a truly great professor to have! Very helpful explanations and critiques. In ART190, as long as you make sure you follow the directions (very very important) and clearly show that you put effort into each assignment you will get a good grade (B+ and up). It will take A LOT of your time, but if you enjoy art his classes are entirely worth it.
4.5 : My most favorite teacher at UW! He's a tough grader but I learned A LOT from him. You can tell that he really knows what he is teaching and where does he expect us to go during lecture. If you really want to learn some drawing/painting technique, he's your best choice. But be prepared for a lot of extra works outside class time to get good grade.
5.0 : excellent professor
5.0 : really good!
2.5 : I did not feel as if I received direction on how I could personally improve. I also felt really disconnected from the other students in the class since we weren't given an opportunity to work together.
5.0 : A talent of all traits. Really knows how to twiddle the fiddle. His rhymes are folksy and raw. His persona on stage is just as prestigious as his character in the class room. Clear, intelligent and an excellent draftsman, Professor Brody is a gift to have as an instructor. Better yet, it is even just so passing him on the streets.
5.0 : Great teacher! He gave lots of helpful advices.
4.5 : Great class to start as an intro to higher-level biology! This guy knows his stuff and uses cool interesting animal examples! Ended up with 3.0 + with just finishing 95% of my assignments and bit of effort on exams. If you try hard, high grade is VERY possible! His exams are very fair but sometimes can be a little tricky so READ CAREFULLY!
5.0 : Professor Herron is an amazing lecturer. He shows incredible passion for the material and exhibits comprehensive knowledge of the subject. The textbook is a must, he has reading quizzes before each class online, but fortunately they don't have a time limit so you can use the book to verify answers. One midterm and the final, weekly online labs.
5.0 : Dr. Herron is quite possibly the best educator at UW.  I would highly recommend taking a class with him!
4.5 : Dr. Herron is one of the most enthusiastic, lively, and helpful instructors in the Biology department. He provides a lot of assignments, weekly online quizzes, a class research project, clickers, practice exams so there a lot of opportunities to do well if you place the effort. Grading is not just weighted on the midterm and final exams.
5.0 : Enthusiasm
4.5 : Such an amazing person and professor. Though the material wasn't difficult, the class being graded on the weird biology department curve was rough. I would take ANY class from Jon, by far the best professor at UW.
5.0 : Jon is an amazing professor! He cares so much about student success. He makes you think outside the box and use reasoning and logic to solve complex problems. The tests are tough and are all short answer, but this is one of those classes that you get a lot more out of other than just a grade.
4.0 : The man the myth the legend. He is a man of many trades while he wrestled crocodiles in the amazon to teaching bio 180 he's the man. This class requires some effort and difficult to get a a really high gpa but equally as hard to do bad. Great professor and would take him again.
5.0 : Professor Herron has been one of my favorite professors so far! Lots of poll questions and random calls so knowing the material and showing up to class everyday is important. Lectures are always interesting I would definitely take him again.
4.0 : Dr. Herron is awesome. His enthusiasm really helps with making the material better and he really knows what he's talking about. As long as you read and stay on top of things it is a pretty easy course. Tests are definitely manageable and he does a great job in preparing you for what you need to know.
5.0 : His lectures are incredible and he's a really funny and caring guy.  I learned SO much in his class (although this wasn't always reflected on exams; they were all free response and very difficult to finish in the time allotted).  I would def recommend him to anyone taking Bio 180, though.  I really enjoyed his class.
5.0 : The best professor I've had in my years at UW. He genuinely cares about his students and wants them to succeed. Class is engaging and he uses great examples to stimulate thoughtful conversation. If you go to class, contribute, and do your work you will succeed in his class.
5.0 : Professor Herron is like a beacon of light in a dark, dark, dark world. If someone asked me to describe Professor Herron, then I would say "no thank you." But, if pressed I would have to say the following. Professor Herron is a passionate, caring, inspirational, man who's work in the teaching field genuinely enlightens individuals. Take his class.
5.0 : Best professor at UW. Lectures are so interesting, it's easy to pay attention. Uses real-world examples that are relevant to science today. Has clicker points, but they're usually easy. Tests are straightforward.
5.0 : He was AMAZING! I really enjoyed his enthusiasm in evolution and teaching. He was truly inspirational and I would definitely take another class from him again! :D If all of my teachers could be as interested in their subjects, all of my classes would be this fun! If you have the chance, take his class!!!!!
5.0 : She is a really inspiring person and a great prof! She really knows her stuff and cares about what she is teaching as well as what her students think. Go to class because the slides wont help you at all. But I thought it was and interesting and easy class!
5.0 : Vicky Lawson is my favorite professor at UW. I have had her twice, and it has been such an honor. She is one of the brightest people I know. Spending time with her gives me hope for the world.
1.5 : The information covered in this class was pretty basic. Lectures would often go off topic. Lawson expects too much out of her students compared to the amount of effort she puts in. My recommendation,don't take this class unless you're prepared to be bored for an entire quarter.
4.0 : Prof. Lawson really knows her stuff, and she did a great job of clarifying denseobscure geography concepts. This class is heavily centered around the readings--they are at the core of lectures and papers. Be proactive about doing readings from week 1! The grading for papers was pretty tough, given the depth of content we were expected to cover.
5.0 : Her work and teachings have changed my life.
1.0 : Worst professor I've ever had. Not open at all to students' ideas- constantly shut down people whose ideas differed from her own. Totally hypocritical class.
5.0 : Alex is great!! Although he speaks french most of the time in class, he is very clear with pronunciations, helping students understand him better. He teaches course materials very thoroughly, tests are not hard as long as you study, and is very happy to provide help.
5.0 : Great prof! Very likable person and is very helpful. He emphasizes pronouncing words which is great. I definitely recommend his section.
4.0 : She always had something positive to say about every student's work, whether the project that they turned in was complete or not. She also gives great one-on-one feedback about how to improve your drawings. Though, the one flaw about her is that she gives out vague instructions on what to draw even though her requirements are quite specific.
4.5 : Professor Harris has been one of my favorite professors at UW! SOC 270 was really interesting (especially when she integrated information about her own personal research), and she just had a really great vibe. All of the TAs were really cool too, and she seemed to have a really good relationship &amp; a lot of respect for them.
4.0 : Professor Harris seemed very passionate and knowledgeable about the subject and always came to lecture prepared. She posts the slides online, and while reading is assigned, I didn't find it necessary in preparation for the exams. She offers extra credit assignments, too. Good class overall, I would recommend it!
4.0 : She's so dope! Inspirational and super smart and amazing. Highly recommend her.
4.5 : Lecture was super interesting. She takes the time to answer questions clearly and throws some jokes in every once in a while.
3.0 : SOC362 ONLINE 2 midterms and a final (60%). Course project (20%) Homework &amp; Discussions (20%). Extra credit (3-4%) 95%  4.0 94%  3.9  Little online response from instructor. A much better teacher in the classroom from what I've heard.
3.5 : Took her online class in Winter. Weekly readings, slideshow(s), discussion and quizzes. She has you write a few short papers, do 2 mid terms, one final, and a final project which is a 6-8 page paper. She does offer some extra credit. Overall the class was not that difficult, it was just very time consuming.
5.0 : Professor Harris is by far the best professor I have ever had at the UW so far! She is really interested in her students learning and makes lectures interesting. She loves to give out extra credit and exam questions on days when many people skip so go to class! Easy and interesting class. I would take another class of her's!
5.0 : Professor Harris is very helpful! Her lectures are never boring, and she really projects material well to the class
4.0 : It's nice to see a professor with that much passion for her field of study and willingness to assist her students. The class was not really what I expected, but it was an interesting class regardless. I learned so much and now I am able to see the world in a new light. Don't worry about the book. Unless the course changes, you won't need it.
4.5 : I like a passionate professor and Professor Harris was definitely one of those! She liked engaging the class and having open discussions about the topics of the day. You pretty much have to come to class everyday to stay in the loop, but extra credit was given out several times and can save you on tests, which were on the harder side.
4.5 : SOC270: Social Problems isn't the most immensely interesting course in the world but it is not hard Professor Harris is extremely talented at what she does. She is the most engaging and down-to-earth professor I've had thus far at UW. I want to take SOC362 now just to listen to her talk!
5.0 : She is a really great professor. I'm surprised that she is able to turn a 300-student lecture into a "quiz section" - she is really good at engaging students to talk about how they feel about things. It's nice to know that students can speak more than professor in a lecture.
4.0 : Solid and fun teacher The material is very structured and easy to understand. As long as you come to class, pay attention, and stay on top of all of the vocab you're set.  Tough grading scale, every point counts, so do the extra credit.
3.5 : No textbook but some readings which you'll do fine without looking at. Quiz sections aren't necessary and the lectures really aren't either but she only announces extra credit assignments during lecture. Tests are super easy and the short answer questions aren't hard either. I just studied off lecture notes and got a 105% in the class.
4.0 : Love Professor Harris. She did a great job at keeping everyone involved without letting the room run the class. She doesn't take up the whole hour and a half if she doesn't need to. Readings and quiz sections are useless but they're good for review. The tests can be difficult because she covers a lot of material and doesn't give you a study guide.
5.0 : I love this woman. She's every college student's dream teacher. Gives extra credit, easy tests, good lecturer. Only thing is that the current assignments are graded a little tough but go into TA office hours and they'll help. If you go to class she gives you the answers for the extra credit. Theres 3 midterms I got a 92, 95, and a 97.
2.5 : Harris was a little too scattered for my taste. Her notes didn't really guide her lecturing well, so it was hard to follow. No set criteria for four written memo assignments making it difficult to write. Quiz section not necessary. Lecture not necessary unless you want the few (very low points) extra credit opps.
4.0 : Said stuff that I laughed at constantly. VERY intimidating during office hours. That was my one problem in that class, I didn't know how to talk to her. She is very respected. I'm pretty sure she got a standing ovation on the last day of Spring Qtr.  Turned me into a democrat. Plus she's just smart and successful and these are important issues
5.0 : Interesting class
4.0 : Professor Harris has pretty good lectures and will have at least one guest speaker. She gives out plenty of extra credit options and I recommend to do them. She tells you the four homework assignments in the beginning. You also will have three exams in the class. Also, you don't need a book she gives you the articles to read online.
5.0 : Such a lovely teacher! She really, really cares about her students. She loves discussions and learning about her students' experiences. It really helped me learn about the real effects of racism in society. Offers a ton of extra credit. Very funny, kind professor. Class isn't difficult, just go to class and pay attention.
5.0 : Very interesting class.
4.0 : The articles are usually pretty dry, but the lectures are great. If you're a die-hard note taker during lecture, bring your laptop and have the slides up, because she moves fast. In exams and memos, make sure to tie everything back to a perspective and a researcher! Professor Harris is a someone who is passionate about what she does, and it shows
4.5 : Interesting lectures always posted online. Funny and passionate professor . Quiz section usually not important except before midterms. Readings aren't necessary more like references.
5.0 : she is such an amazing professor I ever have. Though the lecture is not mandatory, her Lecture is very engaging. I would say the participation really affecting the grade. She gives out many of the extra credit to the students.
3.5 : Very clear and understandable. Easy to talk to when asking questions.
3.5 : There are 3 tests and several short papers in this class. She is a really tough grader, I formed outside study groups and felt really prepared for every test, but never got more than an 85 on anything. There is also no clear rubric for the papers and she doesn't give you feedback on them until the next one is past due, so you can't fix the next one
5.0 : Blake is one of the best professors I've had at the university. He gives amazing, entertaining lectures and makes complicated concepts seem really simple through the use of funny and clear concrete examples. I definitely recommend taking Phil 102 if you're at all interested in philosophy. Grading depends a lot on your TA, but the workload is light.
4.5 : His lectures were interesting and very interactive which was cool. He is very casual with his students and will take time to have interesting conversations with his students; very personable. The material is not easily grasped, but with the added interaction make it's easier to grasp. There is a lot of deep thinking needed for this class too.
5.0 : I took this class online and really enjoyed it.  His presentations were clear and fun to listen to.  Part of the final was a 20 minute - 20 question multiple choice exam.  When several of the students commented that this was a very short time given for a class that you're supposed to slow down and think about he worked with us.  Great guy.
3.0 : Do not take this class for an easy VLPA it will screw you over. I put in work, went to 2 different philosophy writing center tutors and still ended with a 2.9 and my cumulative is a 3.7 so im not dumb. I loved the material but they make it ridiculously hard.
4.0 : Blake was a really good lecturer and a funny guy. But don't take this as an easy VLPA.  The class in my opinion was graded to strictly for a 100 level class. Also, the course description did not fit the actual class. We covered all of the ethics stuff in the last like 3 weeks and spent most of the time on actual philosophers.
4.0 : The majority of the work comes in the form of discussion forums. The topics posed for each discussion forum are quite interesting and really have you take a personal approach to each week's material. There are also two papers, a midterm, and the final was broken into two parts. He's a tough grader, but he provides feedback on everything you do.
5.0 : PCE Course. Wells does not teach at the UW directly anymore, rather online via PCE he wasis a well respected instructor and a great one at that. Expectations clear, understandable but you must keep up, more so than the online classes at UW-Seattle. Accounting can be tough, keep up. He is willing to go out of his way to help. Study!.
5.0 : Took the PCE course. Take advantage of the online format. I watched every lecture twice, took the quizzes several times each until I felt comfortable. Ask him questions, he will help. He really cares about students. He tests from lectures/quizzes, not the book. It was challenging but rewarding. He helped fuel my interest in financial accounting.
4.0 : She was a great prof, paid attention and got a 3.9 easily. If you have any math background and put in effort you'll do well.
5.0 : Absolutely wonderful. The course material is very, very easy but Professor Morita somehow managed to keep things interesting. You can tell that she really wants her students to succeed. Honestly, you just need to show up to class and you can easily fall into the 3.5-4.0 range with little effort.
4.5 : Professor Morita is awesome! She is very straightforward in lecture although her quizzes can be a bit more challenging than lecture. Nothing that can be solved without a little more studying. She is very helpful if you come to her office hours.
4.0 : Great professor. Her notes are very helpful and it makes studying for quizzes much easier! Workload is reasonable. Study smart and you'll do well.
3.0 : She is an okay professor, but when it comes to homework and quizzes, it is unclear as to what she is looking for. Grading is very inconsistent on homework, and she never uses powerpoints for notes. Instead she write them out on paper so if you miss it, then you're screwed since they aren't posted online either. VERY nit picky on homework!!
5.0 : She is an angel.
5.0 : You can tell she genuinely loves stats, and it's infectous. Plus she's got a good sense of humor and does well explaining. Definitely come to every lecture - they aren't recorded, and you can only get the necessary info by being there. As someone who took Math 125 first, Stats 220 was a breeze, and June was fantastic.
2.0 : Her lectures were so boring, every time I went I felt like I had wasted an hour of my time. I taught myself most thing from the textbook because sitting through lecture was so hard. She also requires you to print all her lecture notes which adds up. Quiz section and the textbook were how I learned in this class. Not great.
4.5 : This was an absolutely marvelous class: a simple, not-too-mathematical introduction to statistics for those who are not too mathematically inclined. Prof. Morita and TAs were cheerful and kind, and always available for help if need be. Communication about the final project was relatively poor, so ask lots of questions about it!
5.0 : What a lovely woman! She takes time to explain tough concepts, using food in her example, then feeding the class (chocolate, cheese, bread, etc). SO CARING and gives lots of extra credit. You'll know what's expected of you to pass. She wants you to understand and help you succeed. If you test poorly, she'll let you do a rewrite to earn back credit.
2.0 : She is super lazy.  She makes you print handouts and bring them to class everyday, so you're going to be paying for a lot of printer paper.  She talks very softly and isn't helpful at all if you have a question.  Even if it's not in a test taking environment she won't answer your question because "I should figure it out".  Her job is to teach......
3.0 : She is very helpful. But a lot of her questions are vague. She gives tons of works, which I don't think is necessary. Grading criteria is not clear.
4.0 : Overall great lecturer, and you can tell she cares about her student's learning. Uses fun examples and analogies. Doesn't take much studying at all. Homework and quizzes were straightforward with the exception of the last quiz which had some strange trick questions we never went over (many other students agreed). Besides that, class was fine.
4.5 : BEST PROFESSOR EVER!!! She explains everything clearly. You can always stop her and ask questions. There a some really cool demonstrations. Not too much homework. I can understand the class without physic background knowledge. She is very reachable outside of the class. Make sure to do practice exams and ask questions!!
2.5 : This professor is hilariously bad. She gives out past exams and no answer keys. So she says you can email her for help with questions that you don't get. Then she just ignores your email after reading it 3 times (MailTracker ftw). She's not busy; she has time to tweet on Twitter lol. So bad.
5.0 : JD IS AWESOME! Her lectures are clear and she always cares if students understand difficult concepts. Answers questions well during lecture. Going to lecture is a must but she makes it fun. Office hours were extremely helpful and she answers emails very quickly. Tests are hard so study a ton because you need to know a lot of information.
5.0 : Amazing professor. The midterm and final were really easy. He was very helpful in prepping for exams and term papers. Great person to get to know also.
4.0 : Looking back, this class was so important in opening my eyes to the injustice and racism from the past and in the present. Although there was a 10 page research paper and a bit of reading each week, what you learn from reading and from lectures are important. The paper was burden, but this class helped shape my understand ing of race in the U.S.
5.0 : Professor Jung is a great lecturer. Material is very interesting. Don't skip lectures. Essay midterm and final depend largely on lecture material.
5.0 : Professor Jung is the best humanities professor I've had. You can tell he's passionate about what he is teaching, and the learning feels natural. The block lectures are a bit long at times, and they're not recorded, but he makes them interesting with media clips, etc. Heavy reading, but you if you slack a few times you can still get by.
5.0 : His lectures are amazing. Learning about race in America was an eye opener and made me more aware of the subtleties of racism. Powerful historical photos and videos were shown that will make a deep impression on the evilness in humans, which I believe is necessary for everybody to acknowledge. Take his class. You will be a better person after.
4.0 : This is a course everyone should take. It's challenging, but the things you learn are invaluable to understanding the US today. You will leave the class a much better, brighter person. Professor Jung is very knowledgable and passionate. There's a bit of outside reading, one 10 page term paper, and the midterm and final are essay questions.
5.0 : Jung is a great prof and his class will change your life. The weekly reading material is heavy, and you end up reading around 2,000 pages in the quarter. Don't let this detract from taking him, you can skim or power read to get the gist. Lectures are fantastic, quiz discussions usually are. Major parts of grade: Midterm, final, and final paper.
5.0 : One of the best at UW. I would take his class again. Challenges you, but always available to give help.
5.0 : Mark is the best professor I've had at UW. His classes are incredible narratives that truly make you think about the course material outside of the class. You do lots of work and a group project (unfortunately), but it never feels overbearing as Mark does an excellent job of making his class engaging. The apex of UW education.
5.0 : Mark is one of the best teachers I have had at UW - he is a great individual, but an even better lecturer. English classes can get a bit dull, but he knows exactly how to keep discussion going. He grades on the difficult end of things, but only because he is challenging you. You'll be a better writer and literary analyst after having him.
5.0 : I've had Mark a few times, and each time I'm continually blown away by how educated he is on so many interesting topics. He inspires thought-provoking class discussions, and I find myself thinking about material long after class is over. Tough grader, but you will absolutely be a better writer and reader. He genuinely cares about your wellbeing.
5.0 : His lectures are the best I've attended. He uses the white board instead of a slide show and works though the problems with you. He sometimes makes mistakes but it turns out to be more helpful because he will go back and fix them with you. He seems really passionate about what he does and makes a calculus lecture not so boring.
5.0 : Very clear and straightforward. Does a fantastic job at connecting new material to previously covered stuff, and he finds multiple ways to explain things so you really understand everything. The class is very conceptual, but he doesn't have you do proofs or derive anything. Tests were easily doable if you prepare for them, they had high averages.
5.0 : Great teacher. Really helpful. Reviews material before every class so you really understand the material. 10/10.
1.0 : Probably one of the worst classes I have taken. As someone who has no background in Christianity, taking an intro should provide all the info you need. This wasn't the case. There was a great deal of terminology that was not explained until half way through the class and a lot of knowledge that was assumed you already had.
4.0 : Interesting class. Prof. is very knowledgable. Decent amount of reading, a couple of papers, attendance (important!), and a hand-written, in-class midterm constitute the grade - he is a tough grader. Wish there was more in-class discussion, but mostly it is just him lecturing.
4.0 : Prof Felak is one of my favorite professors at UW. He's truly hilarious once you get to know him; he has more funny life stories than anyone I've ever met. He lectures well and really knows his stuff!
3.5 : A really great professor deep down. He can talk pretty fast at times but is extremely knowledgeable in his fields and is a really great guy if you get the chance to talk to him. Not super easy but super interesting.
4.0 : Amazing professor overall. He gives amazing, detailed, and engaging lectures which any history buff will love. There is a decent amount of reading which you will need to do in his classes if you want to get a A or even a B. In my class he gave out very helpful study guides before the essay exams. If you have any interest in history TAKE THIS CLASS.
4.0 : Prof Felak is a hilarious guy! Gives study guides for his midterm and final which are extremely useful. Class was great for foundations of European history and a really good idea for any student remotely interested in history or in need of a good refresher for any social science major.
4.0 : Great lecturer-- vey enthusiastic. Pay close attention and look for the big arguments; many of the details about eventsfigures are fun, but not relevant. He is frequent 3-5 minutes late to class. He uses a word document under a desk cam and an overhead for maps rather than learning powerpoint, so be prepared for that. Hard grader, despite 100-lvl.
5.0 : Professor Felak is an engaging lecturer.  He lectures during the entire class which is the teaching style I prefer to learn by.  He is very friendly.  If you have a question he is very helpful.  I felt like I could have gotten a better grade.  I think that his TA is not a fair grader.  Overall I liked the class and I would take another from him..
4.0 : Professor Felak is knowledgeable, funny and clear. His lectures go by quickly; I never once felt like time was dragging on, as I do in many other classes. This is a must-take for anyone with any interest in Christianity.
5.0 : Great lecturer... perfect balance between overview and the anecdotes that make history come alive and be "remember-able." Very pleasurable to be in his class.
3.0 : History of Christianity. Clarification is there, if you ask for it. He gives a lot of information, but you're not going to be tested on all of it. There aren't any papers assigned, but the quizzes and exams are worth a lot of your grade. He has very specific expectations when he grades the exams, so try to have an early understanding of the things.
4.5 : Although not the most unbiased of professors, Brett definitely earns points for his passion for the subject. He's disorganized and a slow grader, but he's always willing to answer questions or dive in deeper. I found this class engaging and unique. Definitely go to review sessions, look at old tests, and ask for advice on the paper(s).
4.0 : He is funny but he has a German accent so make sure you listen. The final had nothing to do with what we did all quarter but it was definitely a fun class. All hands on designing. His TA Coreen Callister was kind as well. Graded slowly for only 97 students.
5.0 : Axel is insanely passionate and had a great sense of humor. Lectures were a little long, but always interesting. TA Coreen was super nice and gives great feedback, though her office hours were sporadic. Fairly organized class for it being the first time its offered! Even non-design majors should take this class. Makes me excited to pursue design!
5.0 : She was soooooooo amazing!! She isn't just a teacher, she's like a mother or even a best friend! Great instructions &amp; great teacher! Would love to see her around more often, very busy lady since she goes to both campuses (UWB &amp; UWS) but great feedback! :)
5.0 : Professor Aaraund is a great teacher. I really enjoyed this class! We did some fun class projects. The only downside is there was so much reading. Two small response papers, one 4-5 page essay, and art project final. Not a difficult class if you keep up with reading.
5.0 : Great Professor. Found one of the essay prompts a bit confusing but I did well on it. Not a whole lot of writing for the class. Midterm and Final are a whole two hours of writing in a blue book though. Class participation is a must. There are in-class responses you have to do.
5.0 : Amazing class! Moore was super enthusiastic and made the two hours of class go by super quickly. She was friendly and really got to know everybody's names. The class was mainly discussion based, which was fine-we talked a lot about invented languages. Easy writing credit since there were only two papers. Would definitely recommend this class &amp; prof
5.0 : By far the best prof I've ever had. If I could, I would DEFINITELY take another class with her. She's super nice, helpful &amp; easy to talk to, and I NEVER talk to profs. She made the subject extra interesting. She really cares about what the students think, and her lectures are excellent. She's nerdy funny and class is never boring. MUST TAKE w HER!
5.0 : This lady really knows her subject and LOVES it, and that passion comes through in  her teaching. This might have been my favorite class. She lectures in a way that really captures your attention and she picked the best text book ever; I was actually EXCITED to be assigned reading from it! The work load is average, so keep up and you'll do great.
5.0 : Professor Moore does a great job of engaging the class and getting you interested in the material. She makes it relevant, funny and easy to understand. If you need help, she is more than happy to answer your questions, she is fairly flexible when it comes to grading. Highly recommended, and I'm going to try and take another class from her if I can
4.0 : Joanne is amazing and has a desire to share information with students regarding disability issues in our world as well as societies of the past. She is smart and heartfelt.  Her class was not easy but it was made doable because of the interesting assignments and provoking discussions. Take her if you have any interests in bodydisability.
3.0 : She often went on tangents and I fell asleep in her class (which was every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday) often. Though she was kind and thoroughly knew the material, the class had no pizzazz nor was it fun. Take this class IF you absolutely love architecture and want to know more because you can tell she's passionate about it.
5.0 : Clausen is hands down one of the best professors I've ever had! I'm not an Art History or Architecture major, but she is so kind and razor-sharp intelligent. Every lecture was easy to absorb and rich with information. I loved seeing her fantastic hair and makeup too! Absolutely take any class from her! As long as you attend lectures, you're gold.
2.0 : She goes off on tangents often. The class was easy to pass but if you actually care about the subject and material that doesn't really matter. She wasn't very approachable and was somewhat disorganized. A sweet woman, but not the greatest at lectures. I would take her class again because she does have a passion for architecture which I admire.
5.0 : he is funny and is the great professor I have ever seen. Rich points in extra credits and he tries to let you pass the class. It is unlike some other professor who wants to make exam a lot harder to show they are clever (but actually they are not)
2.5 : Ia is cute, funny, and knows her stuff; however, her lectures aren't well-structured, and she often skips chunks on her slides. There is a LOT of reading assigned, but you can still do well by only reading the novels. She created her own curve for tests, which may or may not benefit you. Overall, easy but you still have to study.
5.0 : 2 days a week, sometimes a bit boring but overall not too bad. Easy class. 2 readings a week and then a midterm and final.
5.0 : Its work, but the topic is interesting and will get you going. Do not miss class or you wont pass because she gives all the tips to ace her tests during lecture. She posts her slides on the site, but not all the tips are there. There is a substancial amount of reading to do, but its interesting and stretches your thinking.
5.0 : Great teacher! Loved going to her class, even if it was more work than I bargained for.
5.0 : One of the best professors you can get at UW, a real gem.
2.5 : Ia is an amazing woman! The class however, is not structured at all. There is no organization and you don't really know what you should know for the exams. She goes on tangents in lecture and put random things on the exams. Its possible to do well in this class by reading everything, going to classes and taking good notes. Put in the work for the A
5.0 : Great teacher. Happy to be in her class
5.0 : One word: BRILLIANT!
4.0 : While I don't always agree with her opinions, Ia has been a professor for a long time, and I always enjoy her lectures. Her classes are simple and sweet - with just a bit of studying, her tests are definitely passable.
5.0 : Ia was great! She's a funny woman if you listen to what she has to say &amp; none of the information is that hard to grasp. While going to class is pretty important because that's the only way to get participation &amp; she gives all the tips needed to do well on tests, it's by no means work heavy at all. I studied the night before &amp; got A's on every test.
2.0 : Very disorganized class. Her lecture were terribly and her power points were not helpful at all. As long as you study the night before you should do pretty well on the tests.
2.0 : She seemed to gloss over a lot during lecture or go over a certain topic a little bit, laugh, and say "you should go over this on your own". It wasn't that she seemed unknowledgeable so much that she didn't seem particularly interested in actually lecturing. Thankfully, the tests were fair and straightforward.
5.0 : Annabelle is the best design prof. I've ever had. She is always receptive and she is helpful, while at the same time, great at giving critique.
1.5 : Poorly conducted online classes. She is organized and gives out what to expect for the week. For example, which sections and when the exams are. However, she does not put effort on teaching the class. You have to rely on khan academy and the textbook ONLY. She's basically just there to supervise. The exams have material that we haven't even learned
5.0 : Jan is an amazing teacher! He clarifies things in English for German 101, so everyone understands what's going on, he's always there to talk after class and answers emails, he grades in your favor, and his hilarious personal anecdotes and little jokes make the class. It doesn't hurt that he's seriously attractive either ;)
5.0 : Jan has to be my favorite teacher at UW so far (and for being here 4 years, that's saying something). He is incredibly nice, clear and down-to-earth. He might be a little intimidating at first, but is very approachable and is more than willing to help if you are struggling or have any questions. He also offers extra credit.
5.0 : Had a lot of energy, humor, and made sure everyone was clear on a topic before moving on. Paid attention to everyone's progress and offered ample help to anyone who needed it!
5.0 : Morse is my favorite professor so far. He is gives you everything you need to succeed and his classes encourage you to think deep philosophically. He is pretty straightforward and can be a little brutally honest at times. He is specific in what he wants, but the best part is that every class is like watching a Luis C.K . stand up.
1.0 : Boring two hour lectures and he wants students to participate but only one student answers the question.
5.0 : Great teacher!!
4.5 : Jason is a fantastic professor, he's hilarious. However, he CAN be unorganized. I just strongly encourage you to ask questions. There is intense reading, 3 short papers OR 1 long paper, 2 casual presentations, &amp; weekly online quizzes. Be prepared for class discussions. Otherwise, material was intriguing and his critique made my writing better.
5.0 : Sarah is awesome!! Pchem is a very difficult and confusing subject but she lays out her lectures really well, very organized. She is very passionate about the subject which helped me learn better. She is very on top of answering student questions. Best professor I have had at UW. (This is coming from someone who hates/sucks at pchem)
5.0 : Engaging and clear lectures. She really cares about your learning! Encourages students to ask questions and explains very well.
5.0 : Absolutely loved Keller. She cares so much about her students and makes the material easy to understand. Tests are reasonable and if you put in effort, you will succeed.
3.0 : Went out of my way to take pchem from her. It's true, she's definitely engaging and charismatic. As expected, 452 was difficult and laborious. However, I felt like her lectures, hw, etc. didn't really prep us for her exams. The q's were random and not very qualitative, despite her heavy emphasis on concepts/derivations. Lecture notes  major key!
5.0 : Prof. Keller is arguably the best professor at UW. Not only is she really good at actually teaching Pchem, but she genuinely cares about you as a student. Believe it or not, she takes the time to learn each student's name, and even if you ask a "stupid" question in class, she thanks you for asking the question. If you have the option, TAKE HER!!!!
5.0 : Best professor I've had at UW (Dr. Bryant is a close 2nd)! Puts in an incredible effort to making sure she delivers the material in the clearest and most concise way possible. The material is very difficult, there is no getting around that. However, Professor Keller provides the materials necessary to succeed. Wish she taught every class!
5.0 : Sarah is amazing. She is full of energy and really excited about chemistry. She cares about all of her students and is really supportive. The material is tough and can feel like a lot during lecture but she gives you all of her old test questions and half of each test comes from those problems so there are no surprises. Also you don't need the book
4.5 : One of he best professors I have had to date. She is very passionate about her subject, making this a quite dense course, but she is happy to elaborate and very clear with her expectations. If you show up and show effort, you will fly like a bird in this course - meaning you will have been released from beneath her wings  and learned to fly!
5.0 : Prof. Joseph is by far one of my favorite professors I've had at UW. She is extremely knowledgeable and passionate about the subject she teaches and has respect for her students. COM489 has quite a bit of reading but it's relevant.  You won't want to skip class because it's just that fun and interesting!
5.0 : Dr. Joseph is amazing. Her class is great, rubric &amp; assignment expectations are clear. She cares about her student, wants to make sure you understand the material and do well. She made the classes/lectures enlightening &amp; is so skilled at handling discussions that could be controversial. In the words of my classmate, she is a beacon of love.
5.0 : Ralina is my all-time favorite teacher. I always feel for AA professors who teach racial classes to mostly non-white students, but she speaks with a reconciliatory tone. Ralina knows her stuff, her video lectures are engaging and rather than just making you read a textbook she allows you to learn from your peers. Class is relevant, go sign up now!
4.0 : probably one of my favorite classes at uw. there were weekly reading responses and friday sessions counted for participation. the exams had multiple choice and essay questions. as long as you attend class, read, and have a good understanding of the concepts you should be good. great professor! enjoyed the class discussions.
5.0 : This class made my transition from high school to college easy. Super easy class, got a 4.0. Watch the screencast and pay attention to what she says since sometimes it's not on the slide. Her enthusiasm made the class fun to go to. Tests are multiple choice and she usually takes out a couple questions. Beware of one of her TAs though.
3.5 : Professor Kramer is very nice and seems to care about the students a lot. She even said she's a "mama bear." Midterms are online and a little tricky. The final is in person. The class is VERY easy, she offers up to a full grade point in extra credit!! I only attended two lectures and got a 4.0! There is a group project so choose your group wisely.
4.5 : Her lectures are a bit long but She's very nice and very helpful if you have questions. The midterms are online and pretty tricky(didn't do so great on them even when I re-watched every lecture before hand) but the final is in person. The class is very easy and even if you don't do so well on the midterms, you can still pass with a 4.0 with E.C.
4.0 : Lectures can be a little long and drawn out, she liked to tell a lot of stories. Her slides don't have a lot of info so you have to pay attention to what she is saying. She has her lectures recorded online which was great! Pretty easy 4.0 and a funny/great professor. Tests were sometimes confusing/tricky. Overall easy 4.0 and I enjoyed the class
5.0 : I took Dr. Kramers intro class and she made me fall in love with Bio Anth. I would take a class just because she was teaching it. She is passionate about her subject. She cares about you, but expects you to work! I had to memorize a lot of information. She was always really great at answering questions outside of class.
4.0 : Very animated and  into the material. Clearly knowledgeable. Class is not hard, I took it Freshman Autumn quarter and got a 3.9
4.0 : I enjoyed this class a lot. I especially enjoyed the fact that she assigned movies/long documentaries as homework which was really helpful for me since I'm a visual learner. The quiz section was stupid. And the tests were pretty easy and straightforward, I hardly had to study for them and I got good grades on them. I recommend this class and prof.
4.5 : Passion, expertise, and Texan accent shine through in every lesson. Broad questions in class keep you at night - in a good way. You take 388+389 over 2 qrtrs for 1 grade  and 10 credits. Teaches you to think about fossils and evolution like an engineer.  Picks awesome TA's. Best option for HNRS NW credit!  These classes made me change my major.
4.5 : Professor Kramer is the most amazing teacher I have had at UW so far. Such a great lecturer and very clear with what she wants. She makes difficult concepts extremely easy to understand. Her midterms were online and all multiple choice. The questions could be a bit tricky but just go to class and pay attention and you will get a 4.0.  Love her!
1.0 : She dedicates long class to discussing things you spend more time wondering how they relate to anthropology or biology.  Projects include exploring the finer details of excel and banging your head on a table as you wonder why it isn't called statistics 101.  If you enjoy measuring your body parts in quiz section and tedious work this is for you.
3.0 : This class was very boring. Lectures are long and not very interesting. She assigns readings and films, so that's pretty easy. Finalsmidterms are tricky though, so pay attention. We got occasional extra credit for coming to lecture, but they're all posted online. She's very sweet but doesn't keep the class interesting and talks SLOWLY
5.0 : She stands as a strict teacher, but her grading is excellent.
5.0 : Unequivocally the best professor I have ever had. He's the reason I feel in love with Political Economy as a subject. Such a great professor, awesome way he runs his class and he's unbelievably helpful.
4.0 : Adrian is a great professor! Super enthusiastic, so he relates to college students very well. Didnt really have an interest in PolySci but he sparked my interest and i definitely learned a lot! Makes things very clear and makes it so you can remember concepts.
5.0 : He is relatively new to teaching but he is a star in the making. His subject could come with bias, but he did a great job presenting both sides of the argument. The two essay exam method is stadard for the department, which is probably why he chose it. His class won't be easy, but I learned more about econ in his class than any other!
3.5 : Hard
4.5 : Nice guy, good teaching, easy hw and if you studied adequately. 3 8-4.0. Must mention though that I have a lot of experience in music (14 years) but I'm trying to be as objective as possible
5.0 : Ted is an older professor and I think the oldest that I've ever taken. But he's really nice and his class is very easy. Each week there's a reading paper with about 7-8 opinion questions "What did you think?, What did you like? etc." He's very kind and his teaching style is unique. He doesn't do participation points but showing up is rewarding.
4.0 : One of the most inspirational teachers you'll ever meet. He's a lot older than everyone who took the class but he definitely got everyone's respect. The perspectives on service class really opened my eyes to trying to help others and help myself. Not to mention the class was easier than anything I've ever taken even in high school.
5.0 : I cannot put into words how wonderful Meyer is. She makes the classroom a comfortable environment, and it is clear that she cares about her students. She is from France, so she knows her stuff. She has inspired me to continue with French, partly for my love of the subject and partly so that I can continue under her tutelage. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
5.0 : Her classes were wonderful and fun though you really need to participate to get the most out of it. If you have a problem understanding something, she would be there to help you with it. So nice and friendly that it hurts. Definitely would take all of her classes if possible. Just take her classes. Do it.
5.0 : I'm not a morning person, but I woke up before 8 every single day for a whole year to attend her class.  She is so great and so inspirational. Everyone loved her big big smile.
4.0 : Hedwige is very engaging and keeps her students moving.  There were a lot of presentations and homework assignments for this class, but they really helped us expand on our vocabulary.  Her class is a lot of fun, but you will be critiqued on pronunciation from time to time.
5.0 : One of the best professors in UW!!
5.0 : Super nice! Goes above and beyond to help her students out. She is always willing to talk after class and give you additional help if needed. If you are taking French at UW, you HAVE to take a class from Hedwige.
5.0 : Professor Meyer is literally the BEST professor I have ever had. She is enthusiastic and always ready to help. Her class is so much fun! She makes me want to continue to take French. She is just the BEST!
5.0 : Sabrina is literally THE BEST.  Her class always a good time and super engaging, but not overly hard.  She goes over not only the basics, but culture, and basic survival essentials.  Sabrina is a total sweetheart who has your interests inside and outside of class in mind!
5.0 : Sabrina is great. She's hilarious and loved learning from her. She makes it fun and the class isn't hard at all. A lot like spanish too. She goes at a good speed and makes it easy and fun ti learn.
5.0 : Sabrina is a wonderful professor and a very kind person. She cares about if you learn or not and genuinely has an interest in her students.
5.0 : Class participation and attendance are required to pass this course. You should not take this course unless you are prepared to show up, show interest and put in the work required to learn a new language. However, Sabrina is a fantastic professor with a great sense of humor, who is genuinely interested in your education.
5.0 : Sabrina was the most engaging, hardworking, kind, and capable advisor that I have ever had. She helped me to procure internships, has written countless letter of recommendations for me, and has helped me to realize many of my career goals. I highly recommend her to anyone who is seeking a caring and competent advisor, teacher and mentor.
4.5 : To say that Sabrina is one of the most influential UW faculty members throughout my college experience is an understatement. Her kindness, generosity, and selfless desire to ensure students get the most out of her class (and the French/Italian department) is truly something to behold. I would not be where I am without her mentorship and advice.
5.0 : Sabrina is an amazing adviser, and I have to think she would be an awesome professor (if only she taught French instead of Italian).  She is funny, genuine, and the best adviser hands down I've met with at UW.
5.0 : Franoise does a great job of walking that line of challenging her students while being considerate of their needs. She seemed to put careful attention into making the experience effective and not totally overwhelming. She's approachable, funny, &amp; patient. Tests and assignments can be rigorous, but the work is helpful and she grades fairly.
4.5 : I love Professor Belot. I took her intro to French class at the University of Puget Sound as a Freshman and I'm in love with French. Prof. Belot is awesome and is always willing to help.
5.0 : She doesn't grade on attendance to lectures but you will want to go. She is extremely educated and passionate about human rights. I would 100% recommend her! Its 2 take home essay midterms and a 10 page final. Not to bad, you will seriously enjoy her class and learn so much.
4.0 : Not an easy A by any means, but you'll learn a lot and you won't regret it. Assignments were: a take home midterm (3 800-word papers) and a take home final of the same kind, weekly reading summaries and quiz section participation. Not too much work overall but the grades can be pretty harsh. Overall, good class, but it's not easy.
5.0 : Among the best classes from the best prof I've ever taken. She is a star. Totally engaged in her subject and in the world and she brings that to the classroom.
4.5 : Dr. Voorhies was the reason I found That Psychology is my passion.  As for Psych209 i felt like the class content was a little boring ( but easier)compared to Biopsych or Psych101. However, Dr.V are excellent in speaking , which made the class more exciting. EXAMS ARE BASED MOSTLY FROM WHAT SHE SPEAKS IN LECTURE!! w/ 3 EC questions on every exams.
2.0 : She can be very demeaning and condecending to her students at times. She often tried to force comedy that doesnt always work. She she talks very very fast and will use 2 slides in one hour.
5.0 : Ann is amazing. She can teach the most dull information and still keep you engaged. She's very willing to help and is quite intelligent. I highly recommend her. However, the subject is extremely difficult, so you really have to study. But she is an easy grader for assignments. I got full credit on all of them.
2.0 : I was expecting more from the lectures, and was disappointed. The class had a lot of content to cover and I could easily learn everything needed from my textbook, so classes felt rather dull. I also believe she has some learning to do as a teacher, I'm sure she's a fine person, but I found her to be abrasive and at times felt disrespected.
5.0 : I adored Prof Voorhies. You could tell she loves teaching psychology. She was very interesting, her lectures were very insightful. There is a lot of reading and her lectures have clicker questions which is counted for participation. I highly recommend her for any student taking psych 101.
5.0 : Very passionate about what she teaches and knowledgeable about the subject. Gives very clear examples for each topic. Always open for questions. Uses PollEverywhere for participation but offers an abundance of xtra credit participation to make up for some days. HW can time-consuming but teaching staff/sections are helpful. Exams are multiple-choice
5.0 : I really really love Dr. Voorhies' classes. I have taken four classes with her. She is really clear with what she wants us to know and what will be on the exam. And more importantly her lecture is so fun and she is hilarious! I just love her! I will definitely recommend you to try her classes!
2.0 : Dr. Culligan's class is difficult to excel in.  One of the hardest classes I have taken in my 4 years of college. Reading is very heavy and exams are multiple choice but, difficult.  Basically, you have to memorize every article that is posted. Her lectures are long and just take a guess on what is going to be on exam.
5.0 : I took all of the intro to psych courses with Dr. Voorhies and she is phenomenal! It obvious she loves what she does and helps any unsure psych pre-majors fall in love too! Absolutely one of the best profs I have had so far at UW out of any programs! If you ever see her teaching a class... TAKE IT! P.S. her lectures are structured around the book
1.5 : You can tell Dr. Voorhies knows what she is talking about. However she uses unnecessary big words and is also very repetitive-not about the important things though. She is too wordy and I think she tries to make you connect with the material by making it funny, but it didn't really work for me, I mostly found it annoying.
4.5 : She is very knowledgeable, her lectures are super clear and easy to comprehend. There's a lot of material but her slides are easy to study and lectures are usually screencast.
3.0 : Dr. Voorhies tends to go on in her lecture. She doesn't move from topic to topic quickly and reiterates her points. In a two hour class don't expect to go more than 4 slides. She is very knowledgable, but I found her pace too slow and frustrating. You have to attend lecture and make sure you do the reading.
4.5 : She is so kind and knows the topics she is talking about. She is also super passionate about her topics! She's great!
1.0 : I read the high ratings for this class thinking that this would be a great class to take. Unfortunately, I did not expect the class to be what it ended up to be. The teacher "lost" clicker points when the majority of the class got them right. Tests are challenging, especially when you consider this is a intro class.
4.0 : Dr. Culligan is amazing and incredibly passionate about what she teaches. The course content is relatively straightforward and sticks pretty close to the textbook. Lots of reading but it's worthwhile material and it's important once the exams come around.
4.5 : Ann is such a cool gal. This class is NOT an easy class though so don't expect to get an easy A. I dissected her study guides and still never managed to get higher than 84% on her exams which of course isn't that bad. With that said, be prepared for lots of information thrown at you but Ann is SO nice, funny, and helpful, the class is very doable.
4.0 : Ann is a really great teacher. She's very enthusiastic about Psychology and you can tell she loves it - often rambles and spends a lot of time time on one topic, but her examples are great. Tests were mainly info out of the book,  so reading is a must! Would take this class again and as well as other psych classes.
4.0 : she's so awesome! I really don't like biology but she makes the class really interesting. Not an easy A, but if you study hard you'll get good grades! Definitely go to class and sections
2.5 : I hated my class with her. My friends and I took bets on how few of the slides she would get through, because of her useless, disorganized rambling. I took her class maybe a year ago but decided to post this after hearing a friend who just took her class say that it was so awful, it turned her off of GWSS. Would not recommend.
5.0 : I loved Dr. Voorhies! She explains topics well and is very excited to teach us, which makes the students interested. This course did have TONS of reading, but if you did the reading and attended class you should be good to go!
5.0 : Prof. V is the coolest professor ever! She makes every single class FUN! Her lecture is very clear but you gotta keep up with the reading because there are lots of clicker ques Also, she speaks quite fast so reading will help you better understand what she's talking about. I HIGHLY recommend her. Ps. can't wait to take Biopsych with her nxt quart!!
4.0 : She rambles for days, and maybe averages about 10 minutes per slide, it's so slow I sometimes can't handle it. She figuratively beats seven dead horses per lecture. So you will more than understand the material. Easy class overall, read the lecture slides and the textbook and you're golden. Extra credit is fun too.
4.5 : Super fun class! Tests are pretty easy if you put in effort (read the book + lectures). Also, try to get the clicker questions right because it will help your grade a lot!
3.0 : There are only four midterms (one dropped at the end) and one final. The professor is really nice and passionate but the things that she talk about get pretty redundant. She records her lectures so I just took notes from ppt and read the book. The tests, all multiple choice, are easy if you study for them. Also a lot of extra credit.
3.0 : One of the hardest classes I have taken in my 4 years of college. Huge amount of homework and weekly assignments along with 3 exams and one week when you have to do a summary of all of the readings. If you read fast should have no problem. I found this to be difficult material emotionally so, be prepared for that.
5.0 : Dr. Culligan is very interesting and accessible. She is willing to answer questions in class as well as by email or during office hours. I enjoyed her class.
3.0 : Very disorganized lecturer, aggravating to listen to at times because of how slowly she covers material without getting distracted. Lectures are recorded online, and tests are very easy to pass without much studying. Didn't look at the book at all. A good grade booster if you've taken psych before.
4.0 : Dr. Culligan does a great job of going over the material and elaborating (even if it seems excessive) so that students really remember the material. The lectures were posted online, but don't skip class too often because it really helped to be there.
3.0 : Ann has taught this class before with better structure, but by far one of the worst classes I have ever taken.  In Autumn 2014, she had students submit five questions every week about the readings, and there were about 30 students in the class. So, for the final and midterm, you had to study over 500 questions to prepare. No validity whatsoever.
1.0 : I was excited to take this class but was extremely disappointed by the content delivered by Ann. The material was based on her opinions and she would attempt to verify with poor statistical data. She was forceful with her views. On the tests you are expected to answer based on her views. Other students I spoke with also dreaded going to her class.
3.5 : She's a good lecturer, explains concepts fine but only covers half of the material of the test in lectures, the other half you have to read them on your own. Lectures are quite slow too. This class isn't hard but any means but it takes up a lot of your time. DO NOT treat this class as a GPA booster or a fun class to balance out other hard classes.
5.0 : Dr. Voorhies was awesome! She taught everything really well and was readily available for help. TAs and clue sessions were also awesome. One of the best classes I've taken.
4.0 : When you start the quarter, you will hate Ann. 100%. But  just suck it up because it gets better. Ann truly cares about her students and wants them to do well. She is willing to talk to students, but the students are not willing to talk to her. Read the textbook. She covers approximately 32% of the exam material in lecture. #lovelife
4.5 : Dr. Ann Voorhies was excellent at lecturing, and made it very easy to follow what she was saying.Be prepared to have to memorize a lot though, so utilize your best personal tool for memorizing things.
5.0 : One of the best professors, if not the best, I've had to this day.
4.0 : Dr. Voorhies is insanely passionate about psychology, which is refreshing and respectable, but also results in the longest and most boring tangents. She got very behind on the material she needed to cover, yet still tested on what she didn't lecture. Five tests total, one dropped, all very easy. Easy A class but often boring.
5.0 : Dr. Voorhies is phenomenal. She lectures with great clarity and answers each question in depth. She approaches each topic with enthusiasm and makes you want to learn just to keep up with her. Although there is quite a bit of reading, the content is not hard to swallow and can be quick. Attendance is mandatory due to clicker questions.
3.0 : Study for the tests ahead of time, especially the one with brain anatomy. Do the review problems.
5.0 : Dr. Voorhies is one of the best professors I had at the UW. Although everyone says readings are required, I was still able to get 4.0 without actually reading textbook. But you're going to have to study her lectures a lot if you decide not to read textbook. I spent about three hours including lectures everyday to study for this class.
5.0 : Great lectures, notes are uploaded online which was really helpful. Exams are very fair, not hard/not easy. Very passionate, can occasionally plug in her opinion heavy-handedly, but the distinction between her opinion and fact is usually pretty clear. Definitely a great professor, very passionate and helpful. Super fast grader, which is also nice.
4.0 : This class was exceptionally easy and Dr. Culligan was a great professor! The lectures are recorded online and the reading is minimal. She answers any questions and is kind and funny. There is also no textbook, it's all online, and ample opportunities for extra credit.
5.0 : This class is difficult, lots of material covered, small details tested on. She's very clear and articulate, but slow class because lots of questions and comments by students. Assignments, tests, and mandatory quiz sec&amp;lecture participation (clickers) extra credit available and some random extra points added on clicker questions so COME TO CLASS
4.5 : I really enjoyed Prof. Voorhies' class; she was contagiously enthusiastic and very knowledgeable about the subject. She answers as many questions as she can and while the textbook is vital to passing the exams, coming to lectures alone will teach you a heck of a lot. Attendance matters because the class involves clicker questions.
1.0 : Hardest course in UW. Exams are not same as the lecture content. 65 MC questions. Lots of reading.
4.5 : Dr. Voorhies is one of the best professor I've had so far. She is very enthusiasm. Her lectures are AMAZING and she explains things really well. She is quite strict and her expectation of students are high. Tests are reasonable if you put time on your reading and review class material regularly. recommend her for psych101!!
4.5 : As long as you learn the vocabulary and read the textbook, the exams are pretty straightforward and easy. There's also easy extra credit opportunities throughout the quarter.
5.0 : Dr. Voorhies is really nice. She is enthusiastic about biopsych, everyone can tell from her lectures. The lecture is organized and fun. But her exams are a little bit hard. She always ask really specific questions. And a portion of final is cumulative, which is REALLY hard for a subject like biopsych.
4.0 : She's a very easy professor. Don't even show up to class, just read the textbook. If you do show up then you can have the textbook read to you. You also get a show as she stumbles over herself trying to stay politically correct. Very easy class. Quiz sections were fun... usually.
5.0 : I've never been so excited to learn about the brain until I took this class. She's super intelligent, extremely cheerful and passionate about what she teaches and I recommend her class for anyone interested in learning about the brain and behavior.
4.0 : Goes on a tangent sometimes. Lecture are very clear and easy to follow. Exam questions can be very specific. Hated the readings; felt like they were useless. Participating in weekly discussions is fun but key for your grade. Very knowledgeable in what she teaches. Her cellphone policy is what I disagree with most. Class should not be labeled psych.
4.5 : She talks very fast but isn't hard to follow. She covers everything you need to know for the tests in lecture and is very clear about where the information is in the textbook and what you need to know on the test. The class is primarily memorization and the tests were MC. If you put in the effort and go to all the lectures you will do well.
3.5 : Professor Voorhies is an excellent lecturer because she always makes sure to clarify when something is uncertain. She cares deeply for her students and is willing to help out anytime, even in the middle of class. The tests are hard though, and she makes you work for a good grade. I definitely recommend taking her class.
5.0 : Dr. Voorhies is one of the best professors I've had. Her lectures slides are great tools for studying. Tests are extremely straight forward. She is a phenomenal lecturer. She recognizes that the material in research psych is dry and mundane but she tries to make class engaging. Super enthusiastic about teaching.
5.0 : Professor Voorhies was THE best instructor I have ever had in a college setting. Even though the lectures were screencast online, she made you want to show up because she was so entertaining to listen to. Her exams were very fair. As long as you know what is on the slides, you will do fine. I look forward to taking another one of her classes!!
4.5 : Dr. Voorhies is the best professor I've had so far. She is very enthusiastic; her classes are super fun and interesting. I learned so much from her classes her own opinions. Her explanation is very clear and easy to understand( sometimes she speaks fast). Her exams are tough. You need to work hard for them. Recommended her for this class!
5.0 : Ann is a lovely lady. Her lectures were very good but sometimes a bit dry for me. There was basically no homework outside of studying for midterms (of which we had 4 as well as a comprehensive final). There is quite a bit of reading but she uses the old edition of the textbook without the online companion and so it saves you at least $100.
4.0 : You can tell that she's really passionate about what she teaches, but because of that she can drag on about certain subjects sometimes. Participation really counts so plan on going to every lecture possible. The class is structured pretty rigidly and there's a lot of assignments so make sure you keep your planner updated.
4.0 : Great professor. Don't go on your phones otherwise she will call you out for it. Great energy. Study for the tests well in advance otherwise you will fail. Use the book supplements and go to office hours.
4.5 : Dr. Voorhies is an amazing lecturer. She explains things thoroughly and it makes things better that she is excited about what she teaches. You have to really study for her exams and read the textbook to get As. However, you can get by with just studying lectures. Not hard but still takes the effort. I 100% recommend her for Psych 202
3.0 : I had Ann every morning at 8 am. She was always scattered in her lectures, and never got through the content that was needed because she'd go on a side-tangent. Her intro to the syllabus was literally 2 days long. Tests tended to include a lot of trick questions. Interesting class, but Ann made it so much less enjoyable.
5.0 : Dr. Voorhies is the main reason why I decided to major in Psychology! I have had her as a professor for every Psychology Pre-Req. course thus far and she teaches just as well in all. Psychology is interesting in itself, she just makes it more interesting! If you simply pay attention during lecture you can do well on her easy tests and pass.
2.5 : I was excited to take the class then disappointed by the content of the class.  I can see Ann is trying to make the class fun by raising her voice but it's been having the opposite effects.  Her examples are very confusing.  The exams are pretty easy.  class not curved.  But I would try to avoid her.
4.0 : She is a nice and good professor. You have to attend lecture. She gives clicker questions every lecture and participation is a big part of your grade in this class. The material is very dry in this class. She does her best to "spice it up" but this class is still very boring. Still, Ann Voorhies is a good professor.
4.5 : Made Biopsychology fun--informative and fascinating lectures, challenging but still perfectly reasonable tests. Source material was interesting to me at least, so I found the class a great continuation of Intro Psych.
4.5 : She has her stuff down and doesn't deal with any nonsense. Do your readings, go to lecture, study, and you'll do great.
4.5 : There's no tests for this class, only 8 short papers and 1 final paper but don't let the amount of reading and writing scare you away from this class. She's one of the best professors that I've ever had and she makes you want to work hard. Plus the content for class is interesting and useful. I highly recommend taking it.
5.0 : She's a great professor. It's hard to say otherwise. She's very clear when she's lecturing and is incredibly down to earth. She uses a free mobile app for a clicker and a free online textbook which is awesome. The downsides of the class don't relate to her, we were a guinea pig class for some new content and she was very receptive of our struggles.
5.0 : Ann was great in this Psych 403 (motivation) class. It's a small class setting, which is nice compared to most of UW's classes. Participation weighs heavily on your grade, which was scary for me as someone who doesn't talk much, but I'm 4.0-ing the class without a problem. This class has been my favorite at UW so far, HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
4.0 : Dr. Culligan is a great individual outside class but that doesn't mean that she is a great professor. There are times that she is funny but most of the time she tries hard to be funny. I am not sure if it is just the class itself that is boring or the way that she is teaching it because you just come to class to get the read the textbook to you.
2.0 : I truly regret taking this class. Exams were hard and instructor is sometimes rude and not approachable. It is unfair that there are a lot of questions in the exam, but the duration of the exams are very short (50 minutes only)! TAs are not helpful too. Grading by TA is very tough. Not recommended.
3.0 : Extremely knowledgable and passionate prof, but her lecture style didn't work for a large class.  She's painfully self-reflective and spends too much time talking about what she is going to talk about, or what she's already talked about.  Papers were difficult (graded by student teachers).  Take advantage of office hours.
2.0 : I found Harkins among my worst professors; I've never had a professor grade so harsh and randomly. When I went to office hours for help, she told me to look online for the handouts, criticized my attempts to get help on my argument, and finally walked out on me mid-question. Argumentative, pedantic, and not recommended
4.0 : Never done a rating before, but Professor Harkins is so dedicated, brilliant, and hilarious that she deserves it! Shocker to the negative reviewers: great professors might actually try to make you do some work. After talking to her it is obvious she is genuinely dedicated to helping her students learn. Major RESPECT for Harkins.
4.5 : Her enthusiasm for teaching and student success really shine through, especially during office hours. College-level classes are not intended to be a cake-walk. Success is sown through dedication towards independently cultivating the analytic skills necessary to fully interpret assigned course material, in addition to seeking prof. help when needed.
1.0 : Dr. Harkins spoke a great deal about herself. Her lectures were confusing. She would not answer our questions and would either dismiss opinions contrary to her own or bluntly shut them down. I had looked forward to this class but I was very disappointed. She is very vindictive if she doesn't like you. She was impossible to talk to.
4.0 : Too many people skip this class because although it is inspirational but often times it does not contribute towards your grades. I wish I could quiet down and attend more of her lectures in serenity, but we are (at least I am) in a busy era, if you are not an English/Art major then this class is not going to be that relevant to your academic life.
2.0 : Enthusiastic but lectures are boring and critical concepts are not clearly defined by her or the TAs. Grade really depends on your TA. Some are nice, others are terrible. Should attend lecture as they sometimes consist of graded activities. Prompt for the projects were unclear so the grades depend on how your TA interprets the instructions.
1.5 : She's enthusiastic but she throws out tons of pretentious big words. Lectures are long and dull. Also talking about people with no technology access has nothing to do with geography, why talk about it? My TA was a ruthless grader and when I brought it up with her, she did not help. Weeks would go by before I actually learned something. Long lecture
5.0 : Although I have a strong finance background, my understanding of the accounting process wasn't stellar.  Coach's lectures and case assignments solidified my understanding of how financial statements are created from raw data.  He prepares you well for his tests but be warned, they are difficult (but reasonable), so make sure to study hard.
5.0 : He really cares about the students' education.  He makes you go in for one-on-ones and I found those to be very helpful.  He's always willing to help you out if you are willing to reach out for help.  He is enthusiastic about his job, which is nice.  He loves astronomy and English.  An amazing teacher.  Dedicated yet thoughtful and caring.
5.0 : Even after 3 years of being at UW, I've decided that Chris is one of the best lecturers I've ever had. Even if you don't take his class, it's worth sitting in on just to witness him present the universe in a way that you didn't expect. That being said, the course is difficult. Definitely not an easy 4.0.
5.0 : Took this special topics course for writing in astronomy. Laws is by far the best astronomy prof in the department, and there's no question why he's received 2015's Distinguished prof of the Year award. He is inspirational, an great lecturer, cares deeply about his students and their success.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever had. You will have to work a decent amount but it's interesting and helpful.
5.0 : Professor Laws was so personable and easy to talk to about assignments. Initially I was nervous about taking this class but I'm so glad I did! He's clear about what's expected of students and really encourages students to do their best. A great professor!
5.0 : 350 characters is not nearly enough to describe what a great professor Chris is. Fantastic lectures, incredibly reasonable work load, and just an all around great teacher. His ability to break down complex concepts and explain them simply is unparalleled. Take his class. Any class of his you can find.
5.0 : ASTR 301 with Chris Laws was by far the best off-major course I have ever taken. He has ways of explaining the material that just clicks, especially when it involves mindblowing concepts such as black holes. There are weekly quizzes and he requires a huge amount of detail, but if you pay attention and study accordingly you are certain to excel.
5.0 : He gives his best both in class and in office hours. He really wants every student to succeed, whether they are lagging behind or doing great. One of the best I've ever had.
5.0 : Very nice professor, and helped me a lot with writing stuff.
5.0 : Chris is the best professor I've ever met in UW. His passion to teaching made me love this English course, which should have been boring and tedious. He said this is only a class, I want to see how hard you push yourself to do "experiments" on your paper.  If you really like this course and make efforts, you won't get a disappointing grade!
5.0 : Seriously one of the best, if not THE best, professor I've had at UW. He genuinely cares about the subject and your success in his class. Lectures never felt like they were dragging on and I always looked forward to them. If you are an astronomy major, just interested about space, or need a NW credit, take his classes. You will not regret it.
5.0 : Honestly one of the best professors I've ever had at UW. He cares about student success and its evident. He leads weekly CLUE sessions on his own time to prepare students for his weekly in class quizzes and during his lectures you can tell how much he loves this subject. This class is a must take if you need a NW credit! Easy A with a little work.
5.0 : Professor Laws is an amazing professor, for an Astronomy 101 class he covers lots of material and tries to make sure that his students is able to understand them as much as possible. However, if you're looking for a class that is an easy A, this class is not it; there are weekly quizzes drawn from the reading along with other homework.
5.0 : PROF LAWS IS THE BEST!!!!! HE REMEMBERS ALL OF YOUR NAMES LITERALLY IN LECTURE. HOWEVER WEEKLY QUIZZES CAN BE A PAIN!! GET A GOOD TA AND WILL SAVE YOUR LIFE. YOUR QUIZ IS ALMOST EQUIVALENT TO YOUR GRADE. NOT AN EASY 4.0 AND LAWS WILL MAKE YOU WORK WORK WORK FOR IT!!!!!!!!!!
5.0 : Chris definitely cares about his students actually learning. He learns everyone's names by the first day of lecture, is always available to meet, holds review sessions, and answers emails quickly. There are quizzes based on a fair amount of reading every week, but you can sub your quiz grades for your midterm and final grades if you want!
5.0 : He is dope.
5.0 : Truly cares about his students. He will make you work hard for a good grade. This means keeping up with the readings and really asking questions if you have any. He will know everyone names and he will be very enthusiastic in class with lots of jokes. Dont take bc you think a 101 class will be easy. He will push his students and is well respected.
1.0 : I got a 4.0 in the class but let me warn you: do NOT take him. He is an irresponsible, disorganised guy who tries way too hard. He is the definition of extra and comes of as fake. He tries substituting charisma for content. The class is much more demanding than necessary and it made me hate astronomy. I really don't know why anyone can like him.
3.0 : Let's be real. Dr. Laws is a  cool guy and definitely knows his stuff. But honestly, this class was stupid hard for being a 101 class. One quiz is worth 4% of your entire grade and there is one every week so if you mess up one you're basically screwed. So godspeed and good luck if you take this class. you're gonna need it. NOT AN EASY 4.0!!
4.5 : Chris is one of the most enthusiastic professors I have ever had. He loves what he teaches, and unlike most professors teaching a class of 200+, he really cares if you learn. He wants to share his excitement of astronomy with you, which is awesome. The weekly quizzes are NOT EASY. I repeat NOT EASY. Those recked my grade.
5.0 : Fantastic Professor. Humor, ability, intelligence, he's got it all. Captivates you with his lectures and leaves you pondering many things at the end. Quizzes are a bit tough, as are exams, but if  you do the reading you should be fine. Also brought cookies to the final and tells great jokes. Best professor I've ever had, 10/10 would take again.
5.0 : Chris Laws is an awesome astro teacher. He has such a passion for the subject and it shows through in lecture. There is a quiz every week, so do the reading, but the midterm and final are optional. Not an easy 4.0 but definitely doable if you do the reading/go to lecture.
5.0 : He's a great person who genuinely cares about his students. However, he is a very tough grader. I've had my fair share of essays, and he is extremely picky about how you explain the topic at hand. He makes you work for your grade. But I feel like I've learned lots of helpful writing tips from him.  Overall, this is NOT an easy 4.0 class
4.5 : Was connected with ASTRO 150&amp; helped explain astronomy concepts. Wrote 4 papers the whole quarter&amp; had no testsquizzes. Responds quickly to emails. He learns everyone's name in a couple weeks, he cares about his students. He doesn't care about grades, he wants you to become a better writer. He brought snacks for the class. Easy A.
5.0 : Chris is by far one of the best teachers I've ever had, and my favorite so far at the UW. Not only is the subject interesting, but he is extremely enthusiastic about it. He is the most encouraging, helpful teacher I've had, he really believes that anyone can be involved in astronomy if they want to be. Also knew everyone's name first day of class!
5.0 : Hes a great professor. Hes very enthusiastic. I took his class for a freshman seminar which was supposed to be very easy. I'm now looking for other classes I can take with him because he was so great!
5.0 : GREAT CLASS TO TAKE! DEFINITELY PUSHES YOU TO YOUR LIMITS, 3 PAPERS DURING THE WHOLE QUARTER BUT 3 DRAFTS OF EACH PAPER, FAIRLY EASY IF YOU PUT YOUR MIND TO IT. LAWS MAKES THE CLASS EXCITING AND BRINGS SNACKS TO CLASS. NOT A HARD GRADED CLASS.
4.5 : This guy is a wonderful mentor that loves what he teaches.
5.0 : He's probably the best teacher I've ever had. His enthusiasm is through the roof and he genuinely enjoys his job and working with students. He grades on effort, so whether you're a really good writer or really bad your grade will depend on whether or not you actually tried. Fantastic professor, can't recommend him enough
5.0 : Chris Laws is by far the best professor I have at this university. He is funny memorable, and very dedicated to his students. The class is not an easy A, there is a weekly quiz which you need to prepare for, but if you do well on the quizzes then you can avoid taking the midterm and final.  Laws is willing to help any time, day, or for any reason
5.0 : He is the BEST PROFESSOR I've ever had in my LIFE! He is so caring and enthusiastic about his students and classes. I had two of his classes for fall quarter, and the experience was absolutely AMAZING! He remember EVERYONE's name! Honestly, If he can teach every single one of my class, school would be HEAVEN!
5.0 : Amazing guy. Fun, entertaining and helpful :)
5.0 : He made most of Practice It! Amazing tool. Definitely changed the world for the better. Also responsible for the thousands of new students taking AP. Without PracticeIt those students would not be taking Computer Science. Wow.
3.0 : Bring lube for the tests.
5.0 : Really good lecturer, great at teaching
5.0 : funny
5.0 : This class specifically, you need to read a lot. It's Attachment Theory, and a heavy heavy discussion class. only one book needed for this class, it's $25. Dr. Forrest really knows her stuff, and is very respectable. Her lecture classes are interesting, fun, and you can really learn a lot. Take personality Theories with her!!
3.5 : Dr. Forrest is a great professor but her classes are no joke, especially the 400 level. Her tests are all essay and she does not offer extra credit. The subject is interesting but sections can be very dense and confusing. Part of me regrets taking this class because it's very difficult but I've also learned a lot.  RIP GPA.
5.0 : Dr. Forrest is the most passionate professor I've ever had. She understands the material inside and out. Attendance is essential but worth it because her lectures are fascinating. Love her teaching style- no powerpoints and no laptops in class.  Class requires a lot of active studying! Very interesting course and best psych professor at UWT by far.
5.0 : Great professor, very intelligent. She explains very clearly in class. But she is definitely hard. She requires a lot of writing and reading, all the exams are in essay form. But I absolutely love her and I enjoyed her class a lot. If you want to learn the material, you would love her class.
4.0 : What an inspirational teacher. Probably the best I have ever had. Kept me awake from 8-10 am: not many can do that. Beware:::: she is a very tough grader. I get A's and am on the deans list. She gave me a high C. Doesn't keep you updated on grade throughout course. Active studying every night recommended.
5.0 : Dr. Forrest is passionate! You can tell she actually loves the subject. She takes time during class to allow you to clarify yourself and put things into your own words. She gives you the tools you need it is up to you if you use them. She expects well written and thoughtful answers at the level you are at in this class you should be able to give it
4.0 : The information of the class could be more clearly explained. I like her and I think I learned a lot, but my grades don't reflect that learning, so although I do enjoy her class I won't be taking her again.
3.0 : Dr. Gastil is enthusiastic about what he teaches, but not particularly thorough or organized.  Still, he's very knowledgeable and loves to engage the class in discussion.
5.0 : Best Urban Studies teacher at UWT.  I always felt included, always had something good to talk about from our readings, and always felt as though the class mattered.  All of his classes were fun, interesting, and sparked intelligent conversation.  By far, I have learned more from his classes than any other classes at UWT.
4.5 : This class is not too hard but it is long. As long as you do your work, the readings (which can be dense too and will help you for the 2 exams) and participate during class discussions you will get a good grade. The material is great and he is very enthusiastic.
5.0 : Good, learned professor. Very set in his ideology though. So if you take a different opinion from him expect a slight argument. Fair to say though, he won't end the discussion with a "my way or the highway" attitude. He will simply move the discussion along for the sake of the entire class. Great Prof all around from a great department.
4.0 : I've had him for a few classes and enjoyed them all. Idk how he does it but there's never a lull in class, everyone is always talking about the material. Heavy reading in 475 but that was expected. He's incredibly cute so that also helps motivate me... Overall great professor.
4.0 : I took his City and Nature class as part of the SUD major, Mark was pleasantly entertaining yet great at conveying his message through the required readings. HW load was manageable as well as the reading. Questions to the test were given verbatim 2 days prior to study on, which was extremely helpful. Participation mattered, I would take him again.
5.0 : Swarr is absolutely amazing! She is very respectful towards all students and really understands the material she teaches. I took GWSS 200 with her and had a great time. It is a lot of reading, but for the most part the textbook is engaging. I'd definitely recommend this class to everyone.
5.0 : I absolutely loved professor Swarr, she is very good at explaining and lecturing. No midterms just one final that she goes over very clearly in class. Easy class and great material!
4.0 : Professor Swarr really cares about her students and the course material. She does give the occasional pop-quiz that are based off of the readings, so be sure to get those done. Other than that, it was a fun and easy class that I thoroughly enjoyed!
5.0 : Swarr was really a pleasure to have. I also took GWSS 200 with her, and she was just as awesome then as she is now. Is very sensitive to student's opinions and lets us direct our discussions about the material while also inserting a little bit of her input every now in then. She used a variety of tools, like readings, films, and class discussions.
5.0 : She is amazing. Lots of interesting movies in the class. 3 ASSIGNMENTS. Finals are MC and short essay questions. Get ready to read.
5.0 : Prof Simmons-O'Neill was an amazing professor to have in my first quarter at UW.  She truly cares about her students, and is willing to go the extra mile to help them out.  ENGL198 linked with HSTAA110 had a very manageable workload and it was an easy 3.8 and 3.7, respectively.  If you take HSTAA110, this link is a MUST.
5.0 : One of the best professors at UW I have taken classes from The class was small itself but she took extra care to meet with the students individually. There were lots of reading and writing but what else do you expect from a composition class All of the articles that she assigns are VERY interesting. This class was also connected to ENGL 491.
5.0 : Elizabeth was a fantastic professor. She truly wants to see each student who takes her class succeed. Gives fantastic feedback on papers and writing link with HSTAA 110 was incredibly helpful.
5.0 : Matt is a great speaker who shares experience with others. This is probably the closest I've ever got to know such a good speaker. He often gives examples of great speakers in the past such as JFK or some other presidents. His TAs and speaking center are also very helpful, especially when they tape you while you are speaking.
5.0 : Matt is incredible and hilarious. This course helped me get over a fear of public speaking and now I'm tutoring in the Speaking Center. The grading criteria is very clear, but it is difficult to get an A -- you have to put in the time to practice. It is definitely a rewarding, character building course. Greatest Prof I've ever had!
4.0 : Though he's a great speaker, his lectures are incredibly boring. You really don't need to attend quiz section unless its a speech day. Lectures are required due to clicker questions, but it's graded on participation. Would not recommend taking if  it's not required for your  major. Nobody has gotten a 100 on a speech so far.
5.0 : Lecture and material was very interesting. Qz sections are really fun and gives you a lot of practice. Grading is very hard and strict.  The speaking center is only good in terms of practicing on delivery. Went to Speaking center a lot more than the average student and still received a below average grade. Class is more about content than delivery
5.0 : Good lecturer, you can learn a lot from his class. But if you are looking for a good grade, you need to pay more effort for that. Overall, he is a really good professor!!!
5.0 : If you ever have a chance to take his class, do it! Engaging lectures along with extremely clear and fair grading criteria. There are clicker questions every lecture but there is practically no homework. Quiz sections are not graded but extremely helpful if you choose to go. One of my favorite classes I've taken at UW.
5.0 : The class was a nice change of pace from regular paper test classes. This class has taught me some valuable public speaking skill.
5.0 : Great teacher! Very funny, engaging, and intelligent. I would go to the University of Washington just to take his class!
5.0 : This is not an easy A and you can't BS. You have to put in the work or it will show. But otherwise Matt is the best prof at UW imo. Since it's a public speaking class he's obviously a good speaker and is very clear, direct, and effective at teaching. This will get you ready for anything in life and it's a very helpful class for all majors.
5.0 : hands down best class i ever took in uw
4.5 : The class is hard. I have been debating all through high school and yet I almost always fell in the average score. The speeches are graded on a very difficult scale. The class overall is very helpful but I wouldn't recommend it if you have a loaded quarter. Not your typical 5 credit VLPA.
5.0 : He's one of the more entertaining lecturer's you'll ever have and he's really, really good at teaching this class. The only downside is that the grading is tough. He forces the average grades for the best and worst quiz sections to only be a percentage or two apart, which means that getting a really good grade on anything is tough.
5.0 : Outlines the exact grading criteria and allows you to compare your assessment of examples to how he actually grades. Keeps interest with humor.
5.0 : "This class rewards practice and punishes apathy" I received high marks on my speeches but it is by no means an easy class. It requires a fair amount of effort. Regardless of grades, it is a character building class and the skills you learn will help you beyond the class. I have never laughed so hard in a class before. Great professor, great class.
5.0 : Matt is definitely a good speaker. Knows what he is saying. However, his grading scale needs to be more feasible. It's kinda tough. One thing he does well is making everyone feel comfortable in his class. Although, public speaking can be nerve wrecking sometimes.
5.0 : Excellent lecture with great opportunities for application. Take this class. You'll learn and become a much better speaker. Your content and delivery for speeches will improve. Tough grading with very high expectations. This is not an easy 4.0. No textbook. Only an online course reader.
4.0 : McGarrity is a great public speaker and actually makes lectures interesting. Clicker questions are counted (you'll get 100% just for participating), he allows you to miss four lecture days without penalty. He is a tough grader though and it's hard to get an A on the bigger speeches.
4.0 : Ocean 261/361/461 is all group work, and Miles is a really effective mentor.  He's good at steering you in the right direction without doing your work for you.  He and Fritz were available all the time for students to drop by and ask questions or work on projects.  HW was a really simple quiz, participation depends on your project.
2.0 : Great guy, but awful class! Mostly taught by TA and learned nothing. Info was so hard to grasp and lectures were really boring. I took it for 3 credits thinking it'd be easy, but I was wrong. Unless you're an ESS major, I recommend saving yourself the struggle and time and look for another NW class to take. Class was ALL lecture besides 1 fieldtrip
5.0 : Nice guy with a bit of sarcastic type of humour. The ESS/OCEAN230 course is quite content heavy but he was always willing to clarify concepts in and out of class.
5.0 : Dr. Wyers is an overall incredibly fun person and choir director. She is hilarious, inspiring many laughs in a normal rehearsal. She has a great understanding of what she wants out of her choir and she works to maintain that. Awesome!
5.0 : Such a lovely human being. Her optimism and caring inspires me, and she truly cares about her students. She makes U Chorale feel like a family, so try to get in if you can. I do wish she were more lenient on attendance, but it makes sense why she is strict on it. She wants us to be the best we can be and skipping rehearsal doesn't help that.
5.0 : "I was having a bad day, but I knew when I came to rehearsal, your sound would make me feel better. And it did!" - Dr. Wyers  Dr. Wyers lives for her students. She has a great ear when it comes to the sound of the choir and is very constructive. She is an incredible choir director. If you get the chance to be a part of U Chorale, do it.
4.5 : The randomizer list is very intimidating because you never know when you are going to be called on, so obviously everyone does the readings. Creates great class discussions. Very interesting topics, great prof!
1.5 : There are no tests, only weekly readings which can be pretty lengthy. This class wasn't really about Human Rights, more about Czechoslovakia and his heritage. Lectures are really boring, actually fell asleep once. He doesn't give prompts for the weekly papers, just says to write about whatever you want. Nice enough guy and easy class but boring.
4.5 : He is a fantastic teacher.  He can ramble a bit but it's always interesting and on topic. You can expect lots of reading and analysis writing. However, the readings are usually worth the effort.
1.0 : Kochis is not open to ideas that question his opinions. Very unhelpful during office hours as he only looked up a few times from his computer screen to answer questions I had about the readings. He appears to be open but if you are critical he has no time for you. Will not take another course.
4.5 : Great Great Guy! Fairly old but he has such a passion in teaching his classes! His classes will all overlap! He will love to always help out his students!  He has a different &amp; weird way to have his papers written!  But good guy &amp; easy going guy!
5.0 : Human Rights and Sustainable Development. You will learn everything about that. Had to read 5 books and most of them are pretty interesting. Very interesting class discussions. No tests or quizzes. You get graded based on the quality of your short papers (2 pages max) and attendance, professionalism, and participation.
4.0 : His style honors mature students who can write well and do the reading. It was a refreshing class to take - no silly exams or quizzes, just prove you did the reading through papers. I am definitely taking another class from him because he really has let go of the banking theory of education and it really is much better this way.
2.5 : Great class and professor to take if you enjoy feeling inadequate 90% of the time
4.0 : Brilliant professor. He's wise, intelligent, and his teaching style is very old school.  Doesn't use technology-- no updates on canvas (so good luck getting a response when emailing) and he will make it clear he doesn't want it in classroom either. Come to class, be involved in group discussions, and follow his writing guidelines b/c he's picky.
5.0 : Professor Kochis is one of the best teachers I have had at UWB! I took his BIS466 class and BIS468 and enjoyed both. He assigns multiple short papers and gives you the freedom to write on topics that interest you relating to the readings. Class time is mostly lecture and it is easy to participate. Definitely Recommend!
4.0 : Great professor. Lectures are definitely geared toward a more mature audience. He doesn't "dumb down" the material at all. It's an interesting course, and Dr. Kochis is a great lecturer. I would love to take another class offered by him,
3.0 : I took Kochis for BIS 353 and it was a very intellectually stimulating class. You could tell the guy was passionate and knowledgeable about the topic which was nice. He tried to come across as really tough in the beginning of the quarter but he actually is a really nice guy. Come to class, do the reading and reading responses, and you'll be good.
3.5 : Very interesting class, good guy. Expect to do the assigned readings and actually come to class.
3.5 : Great Teacher! Mostly readings and lectured based. My only issue is that you don't know where you stand grade wise most of the quarter and he doesn't give much feedback. However, he's engaging, interesting and you learn so much. The class challenges what you've always known but in a good way. Loved this class. Recommend it to everyone!
5.0 : The course was interesting at times. Some readings are very tough to get through because it's hard to pin point the author's argument, however the instructor will kind of clear that up in class. Has a randomizer list to call on students that was used during the first half of the quarter.
4.0 : Excellent professor and course. His lectures are interesting, and he not only lectures but really helps facilitate a good conversation between himself and all students in the classroom. There was a lot of reading, and the course was very challenging, but I felt myself grow as a writer and become better at structuring arguments because of Kochis.
4.0 : John Hanford was the first teacher I ever had at UW, and I can already tell that he is probably one of the best instructors I will ever have. He is hilarious and passionate about the subject. He also provides clear review sheets, and 10 points of extra credit on every test.  Also, if you feel like watching some fresh dance moves, take his class.
4.5 : Awesome and funny professor. Went to class three times in the quarter and got a 3.8. Wants everyone to succeed, almost to a fault, and gives you plenty of opportunity to do so.
4.5 : you will know how good he is as a prof after you had your midterm. Take the online not the in class session. Go to review and read the lectures. You will get a 4.0.
5.0 : I wish I could take the in class session instead of the online one. Yes, he is very generous and coming to class is probably isn't mandatory. But just from the review session and the midterm I can say that he is a genuinely good guy and great lecturer.
5.0 : EASY.
4.0 : The lectures are not videos.... sooo much reading, WOW. Bt he offers extra credit questions on his exams. If youre remotely interested in music I'm sure it would help.. Got a good grade but I did have to study a lot since I came in knowing absolutely nothing. For an online music intro class its little harder than expected. Review sessions are key!
5.0 : Great class! I took music 120 online and there is a lot of reading to do, but if you read the online lectures its an EASY 4.0. I recommend taking this class in person, John Hanford is an awesome funny guy! Wish I had been able to go to his lectures!
5.0 : Great professor! The tests are easy as long as you read the lecture notes and go to his review sessions. His review sheets are also pretty representative of his tests. He's very enthusiastic about the topic and constantly offered office hours / review sessions for those who needed it.
5.0 : John Hanford changed my life. Best professor at UW, I hope they pay him handsomely. Online readings are extremely concise, informative and hilarious. Always willing to help his students and really cares about your success. Study and you will excel. Also don't be an idiot, DON'T CHEAT! He doesn't treat it lightly.
4.5 : Genuinely nice guy, interesting class but takes FOREVER to grade multiple choice exams. Youll learn a lot in this course if youre willing to put in the effort, not an easy 4.0 by any means though (more like an easy 3.7+ because of the grading scale). Pretty fun.
5.0 : The most entertaining class I have ever taken in college. Fun and easy, just do the reading.
5.0 : Noble Sir Hanford teacheth a wondrous class for Music Lovers, Patrons of the Arts, Esteemed Worthies whose Excellence Fame Reports but cannot reach the Mark! And normal people too.
2.0 : Music 120 isn't worth the easy A. Lectures are a grueling hour 4 days/week where he recites from a word document with 15 different blinding fonts. You can probably earn at least a B w/o even attending. I could barely endure the boring lectures and uncomfortable jokes that may have been funny or edgy 25 years ago, but showed up for the performances.
5.0 : My absolute favorite class of the entire year. Hanford makes the class fun and engaging, and is genuinely excited about all the material.  He is what all teachers should aspire to be. The material is appropriate for music majors and non-music majors and is very interesting. Definitely try to take this class!
1.0 : Professor Hanfords teaching style can best be described as obnoxious. If you're taking Music 120 simply for the VLPA credits you're fine, but don't expect to get anything meaningful out of the class. His lectures and lecture notes are disorganized and unclear. He expects you to know definition without every formally defining something.
5.0 : I started playing classical guitar prior to this class so the material came in handy and got an easy A. This professor is drop-dead hilarious. I will definitely recommend this class to anyone who is at least willing to put 2 hours of effort every week. Enjoy his lectures, read the book, and listen to those classics. You will learn a lot.
5.0 : e is funny and is the great professor I have ever seen. Rich points in extra credits and he tries to let you pass the class. It is unlike some other professor who wants to make exam a lot harder to show they are clever (but actually they are not)
5.0 : Showing up for class isn't mandatory, but going to this class made my mornings better. He's happy, funny, and truly enjoys himself lecturing. I learned so much from him. Just go to class--everything he talks about is in the book, and no extraneous information is on the tests. Easy class, but a great one. Hi, professor! Thanks for a wonderful class.
5.0 : Even if you do nothing but go to quiz section once a week, it would be really hard to get anything below a 3.5 in this class. John is really funny and animated, but he just follows the slides during lectures so you don't really need to go to class. (Hi John if you're reading this.. you've been a wonderful prof :))
4.5 : Professor Hanford was one of my first at UW, and I have to say he was one of my favorites.  He definitely makes the class interesting with his animated demonstrations of the music and his passion for teaching.  He is also willing to go out of his way for students and he's very approachable and friendly.
5.0 : really interesting and funny and charismatic
5.0 : Prof. Hanford knows his material well, and conveys it in an interesting way. The class has a fair amount of interaction with others, so it's also good to get to know more people.
4.5 : Professor Hanford is a gem at UW. He really cares about his students and what they are learning. He is hilarious and sends out class notes so there is no need to show up to class, but then you miss out on his humor and insight on the material. The class is an easy 4.0 if you study his class notes. Take him! He saved my GPA this quarter.
5.0 : John Hanford is absolutely one of the best professors I've ever had. He truly cares about getting to know his students and he's always there to help you.. even if it's 2 minutes before the test. He's hell-bent on getting his student's 4.0s. So you learn a lot and it's straight forward class -  if you do the work its an easy A.
4.0 : AWESOME lecturer! Tries really hard to keep lectures interesting and funny. Come to class and go to quiz sections - guaranteed a good grade with a little bit of memorizing. Approachable and emails are one of a kind. One of my favorite classes at UW of all times - gained a new appreciation for western music. Drop in attendance is saddening. So GO!
5.0 : Dr. Hanford is absolutely the best professor I've ever had. He's hilarious, has the best stories, and really makes lecture worth going to. Tests are extremely straightforward and his review sessions cover everything on them. He really cares about student success and if he ever teaches another music class I would take it in a heartbeat!
5.0 : John is a funny man. He's active during the class and always ready for help. Extra credits are offered in exams so your total grades can be above 100%. Be kind to him and go to class and section as he told, he is worth our respect.
5.0 : Really funny, kinda flirty but maybe he was just weird and nice. Lectures will interest you and make you laugh, lots of live performances.
4.0 : Pretty funny in class. Teaches fairly well. Tests are quite difficult, but not impossible. Overall: I enjoyed his class.
5.0 : After having so many different math professors, I have to say Burdzy would be my favorite. He goes over so many examples, and is crystal clear during lecture. It was a joy going to lecture, and I really enjoyed the way he taught. The best UW has to offer.  His tests were a bit difficult, but the way he taught was too good for me to even care.
4.0 : He doesn't provide much additional material outside the lectures but the lectures themselves are very good and very helpful. He's clear without being too wordy. He's also got a great sense of humor which makes classtime pass a little faster. The tests are HARD. When I took 125 the average for Midterm 2 was failing. He curved it fairly though.
4.5 : Lectures are very clear, and even helped me understand many concepts I had already learned in greater detail. Tests can be difficult. Prof. Burdzy is often funny - he starts off every class with his signature statement "Microphone test, back rows!" and on some days he switches things up and says "front rows!" to see if people are paying attention.
5.0 : Awesome teacher, he is one of few professors that actually cares if people are learning in his class and is helpful during office hours. His tests are straight forward and so is his teaching. Not easy, but very fair.
3.0 : Math 125 wasn't very easy (and I took BC Calc in High School), but Professor Burdzy was pretty funny and made it relatively enjoyable to go to class.
4.5 : Burdzy has a great sense of humor and knows how to teach this subject well. That being said, it was still a really hard class. Tests are difficult, homework gets ridiculously hard sometimes. Do lots of practice problems before the midterms!
4.5 : Burdzy is a great professor! I really enjoyed his lectures--for the most part they are very clear and easy to follow. He writes down almost everything he says, so if you have trouble understanding him (he has a bit of an accent) you'll be fine! His test are challenging, but fair. If you do the HW and quiz section worksheets you'll be fine.
4.5 : Math 125 is an extremely difficult calculus series class. Burdzy however is totally hilarious (very dry humor) and does great lectures that include lots of examples.  Unfortunately, the homework for Math 125 (standard for all teachers) is very difficult.  FYI if you have Calc AP credit the first 3 weeks are easy and then difficulty skyrockets.
5.0 : His lecture is very clear.
4.0 : He is great teacher ! His note is extremely useful so you should come to class more often and everything he teaches is very organized and will help you to get through the homework.
3.0 : He's a pretty good teacher and all, but hes a jerk. If you ask him a question privately during office hours or after lecture he will talk to you like you're stupid, or he'll laugh at you sometimes. He's very elitist and honestly does not care for his students. Not to mention his handwriting is horrible, so make sure you sit in the front.
2.0 : He is a good lecturer but the test is not that easy
3.0 : His lectures are clear and informative, as he works out the problems in class instead of beforehand. However, the examples he shows in class are far easier than the homework and tests, so be prepared to spend endless hours doing homework. The tests were incredibly hard. You either got it or you didn't.
3.0 : Burdzy is very knowledgeable about his field, that's not hard to see. However, he writes the hardest tests I've ever taken (my TA agreed). Plus he doesn't use Canvas and barely uses Catalyst. I suppose taking his class is a lot like taking calc in 1980... forget about online resources and old practice tests. You're on your own in this class.
1.0 : Burdzy is not a good instructor. All he does is do basic practice problems all "lecture" and for some reason he's considered a great teacher for doing so. I got a 4.0 in his class, but I assure you it had nothing to do with him. Burdzy would trivialize important topics by simply implementing a "plug-and-chug" sense to his whole classroom. If you want to actually learn mathematics instead of learning how to memorize stuff, take a real instructor.
5.0 : Catchphrase: What? What? What? What? What? He's really funny if you listen to him. Class can be boring sometimes because he does the same types of lecture each time but they're very helpful. He goes over concepts as well as just doing practice problems--so you actually know what you're doing and aren't just building muscle memory.
3.5 : Burdzy is a great professor, highly recommend him for math 125. His teaching style is lecture on new material- which is pretty straightforward and from the book and then example problems. He is available for questions. His midterms are hard... Harder than the other professors I think. But do hw and attend quiz sections as well as practice midterms.
2.0 : Even though I have learned almost all of this stuff before, Burdzy had a way of making it MORE confusing for me. At times, he is funny though. His tests are WAY harder than you would imagine and I did well above average. If you have a choice, pick a different professor. Also his hand writing sucks.
5.0 : Amazing Professor!
4.0 : I took 125 with the Burd, he's a great lecturer and he explains the material well and is charming enough to keep you listening. If you did well in AP calc, do not take 125. It's literally the same material but in a much more annoying form (because it is a weed-out course.) Good luck!
4.5 : It was a great class! His Mid terms were harder than that of the other professors! I guess the difficulty was perfect to score well if you prepare well, and the difficulty kept the average low.  So I guess his class is perfect!  Enjoyed his class a lot
5.0 : I switched into Burdzy's class after about 2 weeks and he replied to emails very quickly. Helpful with helping me figure out how to get caught up. His lectures are clear and he does a lot of example problems which help a ton. Tests are extremely hard but the average is low. Use Clue, the Math Study Center, and past exams and you'll do well!!!
4.5 : Burdzy is very clear in all of his lectures, and he helped me better understand a lot of stuff I learned in high school. He begins each lecture with his signature catchphrase "Microphone test, back rows!" which got hilarious when he changed things up one day and said "front rows!" instead. Tests are hard so be sure to fully understand key concepts.
4.5 : Tim is one of my favourite professors at SFU. He stresses the importance of understanding over memorization and genuinely wants students to do well in the course. Tim is very flexible and reasonable with assignments; he allows you to be creative with group presentations. Just remember: "it depends on the situation" and "strategy drives structure!"
2.5 : I don't understand why everyone gave such high reviews. I excel in qualitative class, I read the textbook, and I pay attention and take notes.  I did all that BUT did extremely POORLY. Everything is marked super easy except for exams where he asks subjective questions but expects a specific answer. The TA marked vaguely and inconsistently. BEWARE!
3.5 : Lectures were fairly boring but it's pretty boring subject matter, can't really blame the guy. The midterm was all long answer with a fairly low average, you needed to read the textbook and listen in class to do well. He's all about big picture and not teaching you things you'll never use. Lots of little easy assignments as well.
4.5 : Great prof, definitely makes the content bearable considering its extremely dry. Funny person and focuses on larger picture as opposed to small details. Alwasy remember "strategy drives structure!"
5.0 : Brian is an especially great professor, and everyone I know loves him. History and Theory can be pretty boring but Alex and Brian do a good job of mixing it up with debates and guest panels to keep it upbeat. And the discussion sections usually end up being more like studio group therapy, which is always helpful!H
4.0 : It's a great class,but not an easy class. He records the audio lectures online. The only reason go to lectures because he shows some really helpful videos sometime. The textbook is only needed for definitions of terms on the tests.
5.0 : Great professor. Very knowledgeable about the subject matter. Uses current events along with books for class reading. He is very responsive and gives insightful feedback. Participation helps your grade. The harder you work and the more you write, they better the grade you will get.
5.0 : Really liked this class, makes you think of things differently than you would have before, professor is very clear and extremely helpful, constantly checking in with students to make sure they are understanding material
5.0 : By far one of THE BEST professors I have ever had the pleasure of working with. He pushes you really hard. You will learn A LOT, and you have to earn every second of it, but it is worth the effort. Liked working with him so much I intentionally sabotaged my GPA with him 2 more times by doing independent research with him. Also, worth it. AWESOME
5.0 : Great Instructor if you enjoy the topic. Read the material and participate in class and you will do just fine. Exams were the standard for University level as long as yiou studied the material and had a good understanding on it. The textbooks gave compelling arguements against eachother to help aide class discussion.  You will learn alot from him!!
5.0 : Dr. Williams is one of the best professors I have had at UWT. He really pushes you and makes you critically think about the material. He really helps you think like a scholar! Contribute in class, do the readings, and do not skip class. All of his classes are difficult but you learn! Hes kind of cute in a nerdy professor way so it makes it better.
5.0 : He is definitely a cute professor, who can be nice to students, but at the same time, he expects a high level of professionalism from his students. However, his real charm is his intelligence. I think he is one of the greatest,  smartest and nicest professors, but he definitely has high standards.
5.0 : Professor Williams does a great job explaining the daily topic for each class period and tying it into the whole scheme of whatever the topic is. I took the American Presidency (TPOLS400) during the summer quarter and loved it. Weekly readings are extremely important for class discussion! Midterm and Final are in essay format. Not hard if u read.
5.0 : I had an amazing time in his class. He's very funny and makes class very enjoyable. You learn a lot from him and the exams are not too hard if you study. Highly recommended!
5.0 : Best professor ever!!! He is willing to help you. although my draft essay pass the due date, he still helps me to correct it.
5.0 : 4 commentary papers.  required readings each couple days. Questions. one midterm then after that is a 4-5 page paper then your final. The books are a NEED. I liked the class although I wasnt interested because its a prereq for my major. I rec commend him and I feel an A is achievable if you work for it.
5.0 : Dr. Berg is one of the most respected professors at UW. It's a pleasure to be in his class. Although this class is hard, you will definitely learn a lot of things from him, not only his passion and dedication to teaching but also materials themselves. It would be a disadvantage if you never take him during your undergraduate years.
5.0 : Outstanding lecture notes that are better than the textbook (lots of material nicely packed in a well-structured form). Tough homework and tests. Wiliness to help his students 24/7 (I've never visited his TA). Plus he is just a very nice and kind person. It feels like he LOVES and CARES about his students. The best  teacher I've ever had!
5.0 : If you're a ChemE major, you're seriously missing out if you graduate without taking a class from him. He is the textbook, so don't skip class.
4.5 : Great teacher, and fun class environment. By far one of the best. Honestly I was sad after I took the last final; Paetzke is passionate about her students learning and truly cares about not only their academic progress, but how they're doing outside of class as well. Do anything you can to get into one of her classes, you will NOT regret it.
4.5 : Charlie is pretty cool, really approachable, and his lectures aren't to terribly boring. Tests are little more than an inconvenience because he lets you use the book to look up the answers while you're taking it. He is however an APA freak, he'll notice even the most minor infractions and doc points heavily. Other than that pretty good class.
5.0 : This class is a real treat for anyone interested in med school. Scott is the nicest teacher I've ever had, and the material is so relevant and interesting. First class i've taken where the material that was being taught was actually what I wanted to learn. Go to office hours even if you don't have questions, it's so much fun and Scott is the best.
4.5 : Best professor I've ever had, I would HIGHLY recommend this class. I did struggle with the first midterm because I was taking the OAT at the time, and he took the time to contact me, talk with me, and made sure I did better on the next midterm, which I did. He's very helpful and enthusiastic about the subject, and I learned so much from him!
4.5 : Scott is the best professor I have ever had. He cares so much about his students and is willing to spend any necessary amount of time to talk to them about whatever they need. His lectures are not boring what-so-ever as if medical phys is something you are really interested in. Tests are only hard if you do nothing.
5.0 : I graduated 2 years ago and am now in graduate school at UCSD.  Scott Weigle is still the best professor I have ever taken a course from.  Highly recommend!
4.5 : Too bad he's not teaching BIOL 220 anymore, but thank goodness he's still teaching 468. He is a wonderful professor and adored by all his students. The tests are not bad at all, so as long as you spend one or two days reviewing the handoutsnotes, you would be fine. His office hours are amazing, so make sure you go to them! One of the coolest prof.
4.0 : he is pretty good and helpful. you won't really get bored in his lectures. please do attend classes. may end up putting same questions on exam that were discussed on the last day before exam.
5.0 : Professor Rohde was a great teacher. He clearly explained things in lecture, answered problems about homework, and also gave fairly easy midterms and finals, prepping the class the days before them.
4.0 : He is a passionate teacher and aims to make students think and learn from the core of mathematical concepts. Very understanding. Speaks clearly with slight German accent. Thorough with lecture examples and explanations. Does NOT post notes online so you should definitely attend the actual lectures. Loved him!
4.0 : Professor Rohde is very helpful! Instead of going over old exams as reviews, he actually asks students to email him with questions. Instead of giving you formulas, he also explains where they come from. He is also very thorough, so technically, you don't need to read the textbook. If you are confused, he would explain everything in office hours.
5.0 : Great teacher
5.0 : God-tier lecturer. He became a meme among my friends and me. Fun to listen to and engaging. I hardly even had to open the textbook with Rohde as my professor.
5.0 : If you like sliced bread, you'll LOVE this class!
4.0 : He's German, which makes him kind of hard to understand sometimes, but he knows what he's doing and tries to go as easy on the class as he can, because he knows it's a tough subject. Other Math 125 professors grade their quizzes, but Rohde doesn't grade them - he uses them as free practice for the class, which is super nice. He's a nice guy, too!
5.0 : He is a very funny professor, very easy to understand. He can explain things very well, and with notes you'll do well in the class. HE doesn't go too much into detail on things he expects you to know though.
5.0 : He's an excellent lecturer and has a fantastic sense of humor. Hilarious and very approachable.
5.0 : Excellent instructor, perfect teaching way!!! Love this class so much, he and his TA are so helpful!!!
5.0 : Professor Rodhe was such a good professor and I really enjoyed his class. Lectures were engaging as he is really hilarious and very approachable. He really cares about his students and his tests were very fair in testing if you understood the material.
4.5 : Inma is wonderful and sweet. She expects you to work hard and there is a lot of writing in this class but still I highly recomend it!
4.5 : Inma is possibly the most adorable Spanish teacher in the history of existence. Her sense of humor is wonderful if you're paying attention. She has her own course packets which are much cheaper than normal textbooks and online codes. She's a native speaker, and knows what she's talking about, and will help you to go from Spanglish to Spanish.
4.5 : Much less nitpicky about small grammar mistakes than other Spanish profs that I've had, Inma cared more about the ideas in our writing and the effort that we put into her class. Very enthusiastic about teaching in general--would recommend.
5.0 : Inma is very fair in her grading of Spanish Compositions. She is an excellent professor. She cares if her students are learning or not. Her explanations are clear and easy to follow.
4.0 : I love Inma! If you get the chance to take a class with her do it :) She is amazingly sweet as a person and she doesn't make class hard but you do have to participate and you learn so much. My Spanish improved three fold with her and now I know I have a professor I can talk to. She takes attendance and gets to know your name which is rare at UW.
3.5 : I took her class over the summer as a 4 week course. We only had to write one large paper with a series of revisions, and class-time was spent  practicing various reading, writing and grammatical exercises. She definitely helped me become a better writer in the Spanish language, while providing interesting texts!
4.5 : Inma is SO sweet, funny, all around nice person. She is also super helpful, IF you take the time to contact her. She has helped me so much outside of class, so don't be afraid to approach her. Killer grader on the grammar, so be sure to edit your papers! Would love to have her again
5.0 : One of the most genuine teachers I've ever had. She knows what she is doing and gives the right amount of work to be able to improve your Spanish without killing you.
4.5 : I found his explanations to be very clear. He emphasizes certain things so definitely show up to class and take notes. IMO doing the readings aren't super important, just be sure to listen to what he will say about them. The bi-weekly quizzes are easy if you review. Usually there are only 4-5 short answer questions. He also makes funny comments.
5.0 : very interesting discussions, best so far.
5.0 : He has a way of simplifying very difficult ideas and helping you work with the text to start figuring it out.  Sometimes, it is a bit above me head, but he always has patience.
3.0 : Took European Jewish Literature from him and adored the readings. He is baffling at times and seems a little buried in theory (Marx and Freud occupied us for weeks) but there is deep emotion and desire to connect with his students, and if you aren't precisely sure if you connect to the reading the same way he does, he still listens
4.5 : Took Holocaust and Film with him. Be prepared to make your case if you want to share your opinion with him. He is open to opinions, but if you want a good grade, then write whatever he says and his opinions. Not much work is asked of you, but exams are difficult. Interesting discussions of the films and topics though.
3.5 : I didn't really know what to expect from this class, I took it randomly. It turned out that I actually kinda liked it. Lectures were always really interesting. Not much homework really. You listen to the interesting things Professor Block has to say, watch films about the Holocaust and talk about them in class, the books we read pretty good too.
5.0 : Always willing to give you a second chance and really cares.
5.0 : the best experience in the UW classroom .  only complaint:  he gives students too much time to explain ideas that really aren't relevant.
5.0 : great class  plain and simple
4.5 : the only professor I have had who really helped me with my writing.  He really worked with us to get us thinking critically.
5.0 : The most thought provoking course to date. the discussions were awesome.
5.0 : I don't get to take a lot of these kinds of courses, so they have to be good.  This exceeded my expectations.
5.0 : Very open-minded and always lets you rewrite to improve.
1.0 : Took the class because I wanted to minor in English and needed 300 level classes, reviews on here were so good. She speaks so slowly, and pauses so frequently it feels like 2 hours are several days. Fell asleep in class too may times to count- only interesting part was the subjects we were reading and the passionate people who would speak in class.
3.5 : Herbert is a great lecturer. Grades and preparation are reliant on the mercy of your TA and your natural ability as a writer. The readings can get long (like 70 pgs). Mind you this class is not associated with the law school, LSJ is its own major, and its exactly law, societies, and justice. Herbert is the head of the dept.
5.0 : Steve is the best prof I've have at UW so far, the way he engaged lecturers ensured that students retained information. As long as you do the readings and participate in lecture it's fairly easy to pull a 4.0
5.0 : Such a great and helpful professor. Really unique and helpful teaching style. Would recommend and look forward to taking more classes with him!
4.5 : Herbert is the best professor I have ever had. He is engaging and helpful and his lectures are so entertaining. He really takes the time to learn everyone's names and get to know each student individually. Your grade is very reliant on the TA, so be sure to focus in section too.
5.0 : Absolutely amazing class. I am so happy I took this! There is a lot of reading (around 50 pages due every Tues/Thurs). Few lectures are posted online so it is best you attend class. All lectures are interactive and give students a chance to discuss their thoughts.
5.0 : Each week, you have two reading assignments due. You're given 4-5 questions about those readings, which you have to type and print up and bring to quiz section. The reading and questions together take about 2-3 hours, so you'll have an average of about 5 hours of homework a week. YOU HAVE TO DO THESE READINGS. Extremely interesting class, loved it.
4.0 : Wow what a great professor. I've been at UW for two years and this is the first professor to inspire me and get me interested in a subject. I highly recommend taking a course from him before you graduate!! It's super easy if you go to all the classes and do all the homework, if not then it's going to be rough
4.5 : His lectures are interesting &amp; he really takes the time to get to know everyone's names but that can be a con too b/c he spends a lot of time trying to learn names &amp; get people to participate so sometimes he doesn't get to finish everything he planned to talk about. Quiz sections are important! And LOTS of reading.
5.0 : Wow, this class is so intellectually stimulating. Makes you really question the criminal system. I can't stress how cool Herbert is. There's tons of reading so stay on top of it. There were 2 exams before the final. The exams get pretty stressful cause you have to write 2 essays in 50 mins without knowing the prompt before. Grading reliant on TA
4.5 : Easily one of the best professors I've had! Very organized and easy to follow along with during class--everything is laid out in a linear, clear, and progressive order. The cumulative curriculum makes for interesting knowledge gain. Great organized lecturer--heavy on readings and textbook assignments, so dont miss lectures! Learned a lot.
5.0 : He is great.  Definitely not an easy class (average grade is 3.2-3.3), but I would highly recommend it.  Great lecturer who is really passionate about what he teaches.  Three tests and section participation/hw makes up your grade.  Would recommend but not the GPA booster I thought it would be.
5.0 : Professor Herbert is by far one of the most engaging and insightful professors. Take this class to expand your intellectual knowledge, learn the corruption of law, and change the world whether or not you're an LSJ major. Lots of homework (2 reading assignments a week) but these prepare you well for the exam so it's worth it.
5.0 : If you haven't taken LSJ 200 yet, you're missing out in life. Best lecturers I've had in the 3 years I've been here and is super engaging. Lecture started at 9:30am but was worth every aching muscle to wake up to, trust me. The stuff you'll learn is mind blowing. Lots of reading but thanks to P. Herbert, I enjoyed everything for the most part!
5.0 : Professor Herbert is one of the most outstanding faculty members at UW. He challenges students change their perspective on any issue, but values the arguments that every student makes. If you are willing to work hard taking a class with Professor Herbert will be one of the most rewarding experiences you have at UW!
4.0 : Amazing, knowledgeable professor, but I did not like the dialog-like style of lecturing.
5.0 : Professor Herbert is an awesome person and you can tell he loves and breathes law, society, and justice. There's a lot of readings ranging from about 75 to 100+ pages every week. There are random short responses to cases to write in class and if all are completed then you will receive a 0.1 GPA boost. Fun and challenging course.
1.0 : Hardest law course at UW. 100 PAGES+READING per section, Exams are essay based. weekly writing assignment.
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had at UW. The reason I wanted to become an LSJ major. Take this class!!!!
5.0 : By far my favorite professor at UW. He inspired me so much and really made me think in a different way than I ever did before. He also has an engaging lecture, he doesn't just sit there and talk at you, he uses students ideas to help us learn about LSJ.
5.0 : GREAT Professor! This was the first class I took at the University of Washington and loved it. You can tell that he really cares about the topic and having his students learn it. Would definitely recommend.
4.0 : Such an amazing and kind professor. He is EXTREMELY passionate and knowledgeable about the law. I think anyone should take this class, even if not interested in the law. My TA was okay in terms of helping us understand the material. I loved the class. You should come in to TA's O.H. to do well! ALL test essays and homework due on books.
2.5 : Herbert was the instructor in charge for the internship requirement in my major. I was interning at an organization I really cared about and he was condescending about what they do the whole time. In the discussions where we were forced to talk about our progress, he would openly put down my experiences and humiliate me because I want to work there
4.0 : it's fine and fun to take it
5.0 : Professor Herbert's lectures are so interesting! Be ready to jump in to the conversation, as he sometimes calls on people. The reading can occasionally be overwhelming, but it usually isn't too bad. It is very obvious that he cares about his students and what they're taking away from this class. He pushes you to ask why, then why again.
5.0 : The lectures are awesome, attendance is not mandatory but I would advise going to them because they help with notes that are on the mid-terms and exams. There are two mid-terms and one final. The sections are for turning in homework, there is a lot of reading but the class gives ample time to read it all.
5.0 : One of the best professors here at the UW. I took this class back in 2016 because I was interested in pursing law and he only fueled the fire. I recommend taking this class if given the opportunity! You will not regret it. There is tons of reading, but it is so interesting that 70-100+ pages don't seem like a lot. Tests are essay based.
5.0 : I love Professor Herbert! His class made me want to major in LSJ - it's so interesting. He's an excellent lecturer who genuinely cares about his students. If you can't make it to his office hours, he'll make time for you. Ask him about his experiences teaching in prison. I would HIGHLY recommend taking LSJ 200 if you have the chance.
5.0 : Great professor. She had engaging lectures, but she also posted them on Canvas/did not take attendance, so you don't have to show up unless there is a quiz. There were a decent amount of quizzes for this class, so you just had to study the course materials. I didn't use my textbook often, but showed up to the lectures, so I got the gist there.
4.0 : Dr. Udell is a clear and strong instructor.  Her lectures were well done.  Her assignments were clear, although I did need some clarification at first.  This was a 200 level class, so her expectations were at that level.  The tests were fair.  Dr. Udell does have strong boundaries, but she wants her students to do well.
1.0 : I was really looking forward to this teacher, and she seams really funny in class, but she was super hard and not helpful. I asked her for help many times and she did not help me. She was rude and mean with her feedback on assignments and she graded really hard.
4.0 : Took Udell for developmental psychology. Her class is lecture based with some short essays and tests. She's very knowledgable and she uploads all of her lectures onto canvas.  You will do just fine if you do the readings and study her lectures.
5.0 : The class was great, the teacher greater. Three years after graduation and he was still willing to help.
2.5 : He interprets the literature in his own perspective and will give you a bad grade if he disagrees with yours, even if you are a native speaker like myself and based your statements on what the author actually said about it.  Overall he's a decent teacher, but a little narrow-minded and won't accept anything other than what he wants you to write.
4.5 : Professor Mack is a great teacher. I am also a native speaker. :-) It's not that what the author said is important. What mattes the most is how you make an argument. We are not in an elementary school. Nor his class was a Japanese language class.
5.0 : I really enjoyed taking this class last quarter. I showed up for lectures, took notes, and didn't study much outside of class. Received a 3.6 in the end. The only thing I didn't like about the class was the group project we were assigned at the end! (Ew.) The professor really knows what he's talking about and is pretty funny!
2.5 : His lectures aren't organised and the lecture slides are full of graphs which aren't easy to follow.
5.0 : Professor Gold is a very hard working professor, and is always willing to listen to students, and provides very clear expectations. He will grade you with total neutrality, but you cannot argue that it was fair and he provided you with the ability succeed.
5.0 : Dr. Gold is tough but fair and he really cares about his students. Has always taken the time to respond to every question or comment. Very knowledgeable and wonderful at communicating with his students. Don't expect praise but he will let you know if you are on track or not. This quarter should be worth 11 credits not 3 - so much work at midterms
5.0 : I am not an environmental science student so this class was difficult for me. Professor Gold does a good job at being a fair grader. If you need help just ask and he is more than willing. Do not skip out on lectures because of the test content within lectures. He gives you 5 pages of notes for exams so write as small as you can and youll pass!
4.5 : Super nice professor with really interesting lecture.
5.0 : Heather is AMAZING! I highly recommend taking her class. She's very knowledgeable about different types of writing and genuinely cares about her students. She was very accommodating of my personal issues and taught me a lot about becoming a stronger writer. Conferences are very helpful and overall, she is super chill. Heather is the best!
5.0 : My favorite teacher I've had at UW so far. She's an amazing English teacher and a great person as well. The class required a lot of writing and attendance but her heart is in the work and she's always available for office hours. She's the kind of person that was available for extra help but also to talk and give advice about anything. Love her.
5.0 : Heather is absolutely amazing. She's so kind and approachable and passionate. Her class is a pretty easy A as long as you show up and put in an average amount of work. Major paper conferences with are are extremely helpful and easy-going. I hope to take her class again
5.0 : HEATHER IS AMAZING!! best english teacher, she is very clear on what she wants, she makes writing super fun and i loved this class! would definitely take it again! participation does count a lot and she has long papers, but she makes it fun and super understanding. She uses A writers reference sometimes for examples
5.0 : He literally had 3 office hours a WEEK (in case 1 or 2 didn't match peoples schedules). He is probably the most caring and enthusiastic teacher you will ever have at UW! BIOC students you will have a GREAT 3rd quarter of biochem :). He only tests on lecture material which saves a crap ton of time. Really a wonderful person!
4.5 : He is the best bioc teacher at UW. Really caring and his lectures are clear. But the class is hard. Exam was hard.
5.0 : Handsdown the best Biochem professor in the whole series. I was very upset that the toughest series offered at the UW were taught by the weakest faculty. However, Dr. Kimelman was a phenomenal lecturer. His explanations are so clear that students did not have to go do the readings to supplement their knowledge.
4.5 : Best BIOC professor I've ever had. His topics are interesting (to me), simplified in such a way that you get the general idea. He always tests you on the concepts of the pathways (although it ends up being somewhat memorizing). However, sometimes his test ends up being too easy average is somewhat high, so that might be a disadvantage.
4.0 : Joanne is great, she really cares about what she teaches and cares about her students. Has lots of knowledge in many subject areas.
5.0 : Lots of readings you can get away with skimming for the most part. shes been a great teacher, funny, not a lot of homework and you learn a lot.  shes awesome!
2.5 : I was curious as to what disability studies was prior to taking the class. The first half of the quarter was spent talking about how UW needs to make it a major. She ranted about stairs every lecture. Horrible class. Very biased and unwilling to listen to other opinions besides her own. Horrible TA as well.
5.0 : I loved this class! Joanne knows what she's talking about and is effective at teaching it.
4.0 : Professor Woiak is passionate and enthusiastic about disability studies. She's always ready to help whenever you need it. There is a lot of reading, but it's super interesting. The papers are really fun to write as well! I would definitely recommend this class if anybody has any interest in disability studies :)
5.0 : Professor Woiak knows an amazing amount about disability studies. I learned something new during each lecture, as did many others in the class. She was not afraid to discuss difficult topics and challenge students preconceived notions of disability. Take this if you are open minded and want to learn and be inspired.
5.0 : Great professor!
3.5 : Professor Dumitru is very helpful and understanding. She will slow down lectures if students are not doing well on quizzesmidterms. She also holds review sessions before tests, and they are quite helpful.
5.0 : Ioana is really nice and care about her students. She would hold extra office hours or review sections for students during finals. Also she is really friendly and helpful if you talk to her. She grades fairly for everyone, and has that kind of sense of humor during her lecture. A great teacher over all!!!
5.0 : She is by far the best Math professor I've ever had, explains everything thoroughly and is very helpful. She usually covers most of the stuff in the textbook (I barely even touched it). She uses her free time to do review session before mid-terms and finals. Definitely recommend her classes!
5.0 : She gives review sessions before exams which are very helpful. I really enjoyed the class. She made the lectures very interesting. Definitely recommend her
4.5 : Very good professor. You can tell she truly wants you to learn. More of a human being than many other professors I've had. Clear, reasonably organized, and has a positive style of teaching. However the standards are still high and the material isn't easy.
5.0 : Ioana is truly commendable as both an educator and individual. Her expertise in the field was obvious, her lectures were not over complicated and her ability to keep the attention of the room and conduct an engaging lecture was fantastic. Its perfectly apparent that she legitimately cares about the class learning. Also, she's a very funny person.
4.5 : Dumitriu is a genius. She is really good about providing examples and cares that you understand the content. Her midterms are a decent challenge but manageable as long as you understand the content (aka put in some time studying).
5.0 : At first, I didn't think she was that helpful, but then  I realized how amazing of a professor she is. Some days are worse than others, but her examples &amp; reviews are SO helpful, &amp; apparently much better than other 124 profs. Took AP Calc in HS &amp; still thought this class was difficult. Go to MSC (godsent). Weekly quizzes which helped know material
4.5 : She was awesome. She provided great examples and made calculus easy. Her second midterm was basically useless because the average was 45/50. She was super funny and also super smart. She could be a little scattered, but it wasn't really distracting. Take this with her if you can!
5.0 : She was great, goofy and funny, made calculus enjoyable. She held extra office hours and review sessions before an exam in her free time. She had handouts explaining hard questions on webassign. She made sure everyone could see what she writes on the board and understood everything by giving time for questions. Wish I could take more math with her!
4.5 : Professor Dumitriu is a sweet lady, but this class is difficult. She holds review sessions before the tests. Her tests themselves are tricky but do-able. I recommend Dumitriu, but don't expect this class to be a breeze, even if you have taken calculus in the past.
5.0 : Extremely professional in teaching! Get her class for MATH 12X !  Professor Dumitriu is proficient in teaching and teaches us as if we were her children. The only thing you need to know is that she's very cautious when it comes to guess-and-check or incomplete answers. Even if they are correct, you'll get few points. Overall, she's excellent!
4.0 : Dumitriu is an amazing math professor. I loved her class so much because she made calculus so clear and easy to understand. If you can, take her class!!
5.0 : Professor Dumitriu makes her lecture easy to understand and interesting. She also holds extra review session before the exams, which is really helpful because she will mention some important concepts that will appear on the test.
3.5 : SO MUCH WEBASSIGN and be ready for a lot of parametrics! Overall, she is a good professor. Grading can be a little tough. Lecture is not mandatory and you could get by by reading the book
5.0 : She is the best Math lecturer I've ever had. She does review session before the exam in her spare time. She is very funny and tries hard to make the lectures interesting. Her tests are not too bad if you study hard for them. I would definitely recommend her class.
4.5 : Great lecturer, classes are fun (I mean after all it's Math).
4.0 : She is probably the most fair math124 teacher. When students didn't so as well on her quiz she adjusted the next one to make it slightly easier. Her midterms were pretty straightforward but there were some difficult questions. She's a good teacher but definitely don't think it's going to be easy.  Also she has a Romanian accent.
5.0 : He is an amazing teacher full of passion! He uses good and vivid lectures for students to memorize vocab in class. And he tells jokes in class. Super interesting and inspirational!! I would definitely take it again. And just study and do the homework everyday, it will be easy to get a 4.0.
2.5 : Don't take this class. If you want VLPA credits, you're better off taking communications, drama or art. This class is a complete waste of time and it decreases your GPA no matter how much you study.
3.5 : Really funny teacher. He will yell in Russian throughout the entire lecture (he usually doesn't speak English in class), which helped me remember the words and pronunciation. Although, sometimes it would have been nice if he explained things in English so the class as a whole was able to get a more thorough understanding of the material.
5.0 : Bojan is a really nice guy. I took all of his class in Freshmen year, including Slavic 101, 110 and 370. Those three courses are really different, but Bojan is so nice that I found all courses are fun and comprehensive. He is the best professor I have never had. Go take his course, he is so fun to learn from.
4.5 : I've had Prof. Kovalesky for three quarters now and she's AMAZING! Not only does she pay attention to her class and remain attentive, but she is reluctant to have one-on-one meetings with every individual in her class. I love how she tries to be there for every student. That's what counts for me. But she also grades accordingly and is very lenient!
4.0 : One of the best professors I have encountered. She is very caring and understanding of every student's needs. Clear grading expectations. Would highly recommend.
5.0 : She is such a great teacher! She is very lenient on due dates. She give quiz guides that have the same questions the quiz has. Super easy and entertaining class! Lots of hands-on activities and videos. She is really easy to talk to and makes the class interesting. I would totally take her again!
5.0 : Prof. Kovalesky was one of my first professors and I am so so  glad I took her class. It was so interesting. She is so honest, humble, and has a very warm personality. She is so easy to talk to.  Her class expectations are not demanding and she gives you the necessary tools to perform well. You learn a lot and you'll love it!
5.0 : Ben is AMAZING. This class was my favorite biology class at UW. He inspires people, you just have to go to class and listen. And you will learn! The lab reports can be tough, but you learn so much in this class it's worth it. Just put in the effort and you will do well.
4.5 : Be ready to commit some time and effort to this class, but it's completely worth it. It will have short essays due twice a week and one long essay at the end, but don't let this deter you if you are fine with writing. Soder is reasonable and genuinely wants to teach this material. This was my most interesting class, and in the end, an easy 4.0.
5.0 : An extraordinary teacher who truly cares about developing your writing skills and critical thinking ability, for both your own development and for the good of society. The class certainly takes work, but well worth it if you have any interest in democracy and politics.
5.0 : I've had a class with so much learning that can be translated to the real world. Rather than make you read a long article she cuts out paragraphs of essential info, the reading is minimal but the lectures are long. Her quizzes can be hard because of the time limits, save your notes/lecture transcripts into a word document so you can search answers.
5.0 : Very nice, easy going, easy grader. Highly recommended!!!
5.0 : Professor Rivenburgh requires that every assignment be completed in order to pass the course and has a strict late-assignment policy so it is best to just do everything by the due date for full credit.  She is great with feedback, is very accessible, has a good sense of humor and a great lecture voice.  She is very interested in student success.
4.5 : About a 3 hour a week time commitment to a 4.0. Roughly 3-5 online video casts a week averaging about 10 minutes each, then small Field Tasks and Assignments never longer than 2 pages. Quizzes are easy, and straight from your notes. This the EASIEST 4.0 I've ever taken, must have for Com majors.
4.5 : She's the nicest professor I've had in a long time and the class introduced me to books and films I would have enjoyed on my own time. She's flexible and funny and her class was the highlight of my day!
4.5 : She is amazing professor. Helpful, forgiving, nice and really caresknows about the things that she teaches. Very good professor
5.0 : Professor Childs was so friendly and bubbly. This class required a lot of reading, but the novels were interesting and grades were based on a group presentation, midterm essay, a fun final project, and participation. She is very flexible and always willing to help! Good class to take as elective.
5.0 : Great class, great prof!
5.0 : He's cool
4.5 : Super interesting material taught by an enthusiastic dude.  Take him!
5.0 : You will not go wrong with Patty C.  This prof is magic. All time guy, great personality, easy to talk to. If you see a class pop up with his name on it, jump all over that.
5.0 : Jonathan has been an amazing professor. He is clear in what he is looking for, Lectures are informative, he uses humor to get many messages across, and overall a very nice guy. Every student at UW should at least take a class with him.
5.0 : Took 3 classes with him, literally every class that fit my degree requirements I took with him if it was offered. Best Professor hands down. Makes a very dull topic very interesting and has a great sense of humor. You have to go to class to take notes since they are not online. Essays are fair and readings aren't required if you attend lecture.
5.0 : Professor really cares if students are learning. She is passionate about screenwriting and encourages students to write one too. Super easy. She is there to help!
5.0 : Good lecturer and taught me how to notice things in film that I never would've picked up on. Clear grading criteria, whole class comes down to 2 tests(midterm and late quarter exam) and 2 essays. all worth 25% a piece, but she is a lenient grader as long as you show that you put some effort into what you were writing about. You will watch movies!
5.0 : Great Professor!
5.0 : Only had two papers and two tests for the enite quater. Really interesting class, and the movies we watched were also cool.
5.0 : This is my sixth class with Professor Dillman, and I'm even doing an independent study with her as well. She is AMAZING! There are only two papers and two tests throughout the quarter. She is always there to help if you have questions. She is very knowledgeable about film. Classes are one film a week, then next class is discussion.
4.0 : Dr. Dillman knows her stuff when it comes to film. She speaks very intelligently so if you've never taken a film class you might be a little lost. However, she is always there to help clarify. She is one of the most positive, upbeat, and caring instructors I've ever had. She is an easy grader as well and truly just wants her students to  do well.
4.0 : Easy class-just show up and participate. No tests,  just a persuasive speech and a group project presentation- which does mean the grades are not weighted on that many things. He is a nice guy and the concepts are really easy.
5.0 : He is funny and awesome. Very clear.
4.5 : This teacher is not a horses butt like other students say. He is the best teacher that I have ever had. He is super funny and straight forward. I love a teacher that isn't afraid to call his students out. One of the things I love about this guy is that you can ask him personal business advice- that's valuable. Take his classes!
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had! Makes class entertaining and engaging. The work load is light and he doesn't make you read more than necessary! He's AWESOME!
4.5 : Truly an amazing professor. As a freshman at UW, I can already tell this will be my favorite professor I'll ever have. Heavy emphasis on public-speaking, presentation skills, personal development, and working in a team environment rather than just doing things for the grade. Teaches life skills, and takes time to know you personally. A++
4.0 : Great lecturer, funny and engaging and takes time to get to know you personally. Overall I liked the class but beware- if you are an introvert and don't do well at public speaking, it will difficult for you to excel. Grading on assignments felt arbitrary at times and the class was not the easy 4.0 I thought it would be
5.0 : Professor was very knowledgeable and engaged the class in discussion. I really enjoyed his style and would recommend his class.
4.5 : Incredible professor. Great lectures and really cares about his students.
3.5 : Generally a great class. Could have been a little more organized but he was a good teacher and teaches business well and made class fun.
5.0 : This is great professor, I would recommend taking his classes.
4.0 : Great guy, don't arrive late to class, he'll flip . . .otherwise a great teacher/professor.  you'll learn-from and enjoy his class . . it's a guarantee.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have ever had. I had him as a professor as well as a mentor, and I would highly recommend taking one of his classes. Somewhat strict, but in the best and most constructive way possible. Always willing to help you out if you need it. His class is the foundation of my interviewing and networking skills.
1.0 : Extremely tough group projects in this class. He makes it worse by appointing random people to your team, and they ruin the presentation grades. Grading felt arbitrary. Arrogant professor and will scare you out on day 1. Avoid him if you can, or take it with Jack Whelan which you get a 4.0 automatically without effort.
3.0 : First day thoughts: I'm gonna get grilled so hard. Last day: I'm going to miss this class so much. This class involves more public speaking than Whelan's, but it will grow you. Dimeo has great stories, a good heart, and wise advice. He kept me awake for two hours at 8:30 AM. He may yell at you if you're late, but it's more funny than anything.
2.0 : The class itself was very entertaining, but the grading criteria is very difficult to understand. Dimeo rarely followed the Syllabus and basically doesn't give A's. I got almost 100% on  every presentation/assignment and still got a 3.4. You don't really do anything in the class but its not worth it because he doesn't give good grades.
3.0 : Michael Dimeo is a pretty good professor, but can be seen as insulting and blunt at times. He's a bit forgetful at times but he's a pretty easy grader on written assignments. But emphasis on the PARTICIPATION: he was never explicit on how much to talk in class and didn't give that many opportunities, landing me a 3.5 in the class. Not a lot of HW.
5.0 : great professor.  good sense of humor.  two not to difficult tests, and one short easy paper.  knows his stuff.
4.0 : Terje is my favourite professor at UW. He may seem a bit boring at first, but he has a really awesome dry sense of humour and his drawings (especially of maps) are legendary. Usually he only has a paper, a midterm, and a final and the rest of the time he just lectures. Make sure to study ALL OF THE TERMS he gives on study guides! He is the BEST!!!!
3.5 : If I had the choice of taking this class again or jumping off a bridge, I'd highly consider the latter. His lectures were so boring, I literally sat there and went onto Buzzfeed or daydreamed about the day I'd no longer have this burden. If you thought Vikings would be a cool class, think again. You will be let down. He knows his stuff, but no.
2.0 : What an incredible disappointment. It's a true curiosity that Professor Leiren has such a high rating on this site. Perhaps it's because there is no "mentally stimulating" category for students to mark "0." The professor seems like a nice guy, but that's hardly relevant when I'm fighting off sleeping in lecture every day. Most boring lectures. EVER
5.0 : Very nice teacher, go to class and you will get a good grade.
5.0 : Extremely helpful professor. Very professional
5.0 : I learned so much about Norwegian culture and history. He really wants you to succeed and understand. He knew his stuff and made the class interesting.
5.0 : One word: BRILLIANT!
5.0 : One professor who really knows what he's doing. Listening to him will make you love Scandinavian studies all over.
5.0 : This guy is the greatest, I want to be like Leiren when I grow up!
3.5 : His lectures can be long and monotonous but he has a great knowledge of the region. He's like an old Scandinavian sage. Not many assignments, easy 3.5 if you attend class.
3.0 : This class is definitely no longer an easy 4.0. The tests are difficult, and while the study guides are helpful, they leave out a lot of items that were on the tests. Without assignments you can't judge where you are with the material, and he tends to drone on during his lectures. Made the seemingly exciting topic of Vikings pretty boring.
2.0 : Class was awful. Felt like I was stuck in the 1970s-overheads, VHS videos, no powerpoints. He is very intelligent, but it was impossible to stay focused in his class. No one was paying attention. Typos on everything. Grade determined on final, midterm, and a small reflection paper. TA is invisible, but grades everything. Frustrating class.
2.0 : As a history major even I found this class really boring. The class is vaguely structured (no outlines) and he uses very little material to support his lecture besides old photos/tapes. He isn't that engaging and everyone is asleep most of the time. The readings feel unnecessary and it's very hard to gauge what you need to know for exams.
3.0 : This class was really hard because there were no assignments. There were just assigned readings. The midterm and final are 50% each so you have to do well. He gives study guides but a lot of it ends up not being on the test and some stuff that wasn't on the study guide appears on the test. He's a nice professor though but his lectures are boring.
5.0 : Leiren is one of the kindest, most accessible teachers I've had. If you miss class he is always willing to help you catch up later. He's about to retire and his lectures are more laid back now. The movies he shows are cool and he's well respected in the greater scand-history community. His study guides and exams are super straight forward.
3.5 : We took two tests and wrote one paper. The tests were each  worth 40% of our grade. The paper was worth 20%.  He graded harshly on the tests but not on the paper. The midterm was easier than the final.  I think he purposely made the final to be more difficult than the midterm.  I wouldn't take him again because I think he grades harshly on tests.
2.0 : Doesn't give any alternate explanations, if you don't understand something you're better off getting help elsewhere because he will only explain it the way he knows how. His tests are hard and he is indecisive about notes (one test you might get notes another test you don't type deal). Otherwise he's pretty nice and does give extra credit.
4.0 : His class isn't easy but you can get a good grade if you work for it (I got a 4.0). Just be prepared to actually learn the material. Tests are multiple choice. He offers extra credit which is vital to your grade. DONT MISS CLASS and be sure to PARTICIPATE and ASK QUESTIONS! He isn't consistent about reviews and notes on tests so don't rely on it.
3.0 : not the best lecturer. material is very interesting, no memorization required. grading criteria isn't clear. quizzes are online but done in-class. focus on slides, she provides them but take your own notes. not an easy 4.0 even if you pay attention. i think the class got mostly 95% but only translates to a 3.5.
4.0 : She is one of the nicest professors out there. She lets you schedule office hours with her whenever works best. She is very knowledgeable and is passionate about what she teaches. The tests are kind of hard if you aren't a good test taker and don't take notes in class.
4.0 : Great professor, interesting material &amp; lectures. V successful, passionate, &amp; inspiring. Tests are open-note/open-laptop, but it kinda feels like she's trying to trick you on some q's. I only missed 2 q's on an exam but it was bc her word choice was misleading. Also dislike that there are no set office hrs and she takes forever to respond to emails
3.0 : Very interesting class material. Kelly was a good lecturer, was engaging, and brought in professionals to guest lecture in places she was not as knowledgeable about. However, I felt she was very audist, and was teaching the future audiologists of America that deafness is medical over cultural, which was frustrating from Deaf Culture perspective.
4.0 : Really nice professor. Not the most interesting subject matter, but she makes it fun and worth while. Make sure to show up because participation is a huge part of your grade and do all of the assignments and you will be fine.
5.0 : Sharmila is amazing. She makes old English text interesting and really values class discussion. As a science major, I loved taking her class.
4.0 : Wender is awesome. His class was informative, made me think, and was well taught. He wants you to succeed and will stop class to answer pretty much any question. Tests were easy.
5.0 : Passionate and fun professor! He genuinely cares about the success of the students and is always willing to go that extra mile. Definitely my favorite prof at the U.
3.5 : A big problem I had with soc 110 course with this teacher is that he doesn't use any sort of website or online notification to keep track of the class. Everything is on the syllabus. You basically have to show up and take notes on everything he says. If you like to keep track of your classes, using your computer or phone, don't take this course.
4.5 : Jonathan is brilliant. Very interesting lectures about LIFE. He's considerate and talks about issues from both sides. Assignments are fair and papers are interesting. Very fair grader. Doesn't even require you to read the entire text. Only thing is I wish he wouldn't randomly call on people and he could not interrupt. But overall great class
3.5 : This class was easy, but Wender made things very complicated with his unclear directions.  Our TA Julie saved the day and really consolidated his lectures to make them more understandable.  Pretty sure I will nearly 4.0 this class, it's easy... but not the most exciting class.
5.0 : Jonathan is GREAT! He keeps the audience engaged and really creates a class where people can have open conversation. I really appreciate how interesting he made this class!
5.0 : BEST TEACHER IVE EVER HAD. Jonathan was the most ending teacher at uw. He knows how to get students interested in what he's talking about. If you have a chance to take a class with him do it
5.0 : by far the only professor you will love at uw. he is the most caring and most heartfelt proffesor  you will meet. his class is easy you do the readings and he goes over the important parts the readings are intresting and not dry test are large concepts short paragraphs and easy multiple choices
4.5 : The subject of sociology  did not appeal to my interest, and I found the way he presents the material to be a little one-dimensional. However, Jonathan is an engaging lecturer, and his test easy as they are straight from the notes.
4.5 : I enjoyed this class! I had never taken a sociology class before, so had no idea what to expect. I found some of the readings a little difficult, but everything is explained in class. You get the essay topics in advance for tests. I would recommend this class. I wouldn't call this class easy, but I wouldn't call it super difficult either.
5.0 : Great class great professor! He gives you essay topic for exams before the midterm. The text book is a little bit hard to understand but if you go the class, he will explain all the theories in detail. He's a nice guy and he hopes everyone gets full points in his class. The grade is not curved, so if you work hard, you should be fine:)
4.5 : Best professor I've ever had at the U and I'm so sad he's leaving. Just readings and papers and he does not expect you to do more than you're able to or put his class first constantly (which is such a breath of fresh air here!) Jonathan, you will be missed.
4.5 : Wender basically does all the work for you. His lecture notes can be used as a replacement for the readings. He summarizes the main points and analyzes them in the notes. His lectures are interesting and makes the 80 minutes go by quickly. However, the TAs suck and take forever to grade. We got our first midterm back a week before the final!
5.0 : Jonathan was a great professor. Though he was often late to class (or failed to show up), the classes he did teach were pretty great. He does interject a lot of opinion into his lectures, but it's worth giving a listen to. Assigned readings are particularly good. Will be sad to see him go.
3.0 : Interesting and easy to grasp concepts but there was no online website for the class and lectures were also not documented anywhere, making it hard to understand what was expected of you and keep organized.
4.5 : This was a HARD class, but his lectures were interesting. He is very approachable. The readings were boring, and you can't skim them, because they are used for the tests. 2 essay tests and a term paper.
4.5 : Easily the best professor I've had at UW. His lectures were informative and fun. He knows what he's talking about and is very passionate about it. His lecture notes do go over a lot of the main points of the readings, but you should still do the readings because they're more specific and will help you on exams. 1010 would recommend.
5.0 : Jonathan has all the qualities of a great lecturer. He is lively, crystal clear, and encourages participation while avoiding the rambling that is common from humanities professors. His career as a cop makes his class extra interesting. The fact he is consulted internationally on drug policy issues is proof of his smarts . Best prof I've had at UW!
5.0 : Wender is flat out incredible.  Probably the best professor you'll have at UW.  The only semi-tedious part is the readings but he makes sure to review everything in lecture.  He's probably the most honest and straightforward teacher about what he puts on tests, no surprises or no tricks.  Take a class with him if you can you'll never regret it.
4.5 : Great class on Drugs and Society. Jonathan is a great lecturer. He is funny and really tries to engage you in the class. There is a lot of reading, but it is all interesting stuff to read.
4.5 : The man, the myth, the legend.
5.0 : What an awesome guy. At the end of my Drugs and Society class he let us know we can't come back next year, and he's the first professor I've been really sad about over that. He's also the first who has another class I purposefully am signed up for again! He's really great, wish he could stay.
4.5 : This is the prof you always wanted: gives true to life examples of class concepts and still cares if you learn. Makes himself available to students and gets that real life happens. Cares most that you get the concepts and can think, not memorizing facts. Communicates expectations clearly. Lectures are engaging and most readings are interesting.
4.0 : Took it as a junior year requirement. I think Yinhai is super and overqualified for his job, which is to say that he's very smart and inspirational. He's always in a good mood, and wants to have a little laugh through the lecture. Assignments are fairly easy, but expect tests to tests your application skills.
5.0 : One word: BRILLIANT!
5.0 : Professor Mitchell is really passionate in the topic. She cares a lot about whether her students have learned. The workload was lower compared to other 400 level classes, but the course involved a lot of critical thinking. The final exam was open book. She really wants her students to learn and ace the class. Very helpful and friendly.
1.0 : She loves using big words to try to sound smart. I facepalmed a lot in this class.
1.5 : She might be interested in her teaching, but she can get pretty snobby. When I go to her office hours, she always tilts her head up towards the ceiling. The class itself was fine but I'm not a big fan of her.
5.0 : Wasn't sure that I was even going to enjoy the class as it was a fringe class on my Geography track, but it turned out to be super interesting. Mitchell is super passionate about teaching, and allows questions. If showing up and actually doing lots of  readings are what you are looking for. Great instructor!!
4.5 : I took this class and thought I would hate it but I actually ended up learning a lot about Europe. This class was 2 hours long but Professor Mitchell split the time up evenly so she wouldn't be lecturing for the whole 2 hours. If you put effort into going to lecture and doing the readings then this class should be an easy A!
5.0 : While this class does requires some work---reading can be dense and it takes time to prepare for the exam--I overall enjoyed the class as I  learnt quite a lot about the history and current situation of immigration. Also Professor Mitchell has a passion about the subject that's contagious and is very helpful whenever students approach with question
4.5 : One of the best professors I've had at UW. Her lectures are always interesting, and she actually  cares and takes time to connect with each of her students. Her class is easy IF you pay attention to her lectures (but that's what you're suppose to do anyways right?) Easy reading quizzes every week, so make sure to at least skim through readings.
5.0 : 1. I got sick for 2-3wks with a doctors note and was more than helpful. Gave me extensions and time to catch up. 2. Straight forward lectures that she posts online. 3. Easy final exam, but quite long. 4. Explains her lectures and notes extensively if you do not understand. 5. Uses current events in her lectures.
4.5 : Professor Mitchell knows what she is talking about and is excited about her topic. It's seldom you get a professor who is knowledgeable, kind, and passionate about teaching. She is clearly there to teach and learn from her students. The class was extremely worth every second and I would love to take the class again.
4.0 : Dr. Mitchell is a kind and very enthusiastic professor. She passionately lecture on European migration and really made me want to continue learner more. She may ask you to speak in class, but it is a good thing as we may sometimes need a little push to speak up in class.
5.0 : Best class I took my first quarter at UW. Engaging. Accessible. Intense, yes, but that is what is expected in a 400 level class. At least the expectations are clearly defined. For me having a sense of where my grade is as I go is important. Her grading was helpful in that regard to be able to make corrections. Getting extra credit isn't easy.
2.5 : First 400-level Geography class I've taken, and I got a 4.0. I didn't really pay attention in lectures because I'm not a morning person, but if you do the readings and look over the slides on your own time, you'll do fine. Also, quizzes every week were easy as long as you skimmed the readings and got the main arguments being made.
5.0 : One of the best professors you can get at UW. She is an expert in her field and she is super friendly during office hour. She has a wide range of knowledge and she would like to share her experience abroad, China and other countries with students. She also gave me a handful of valuable advice on my study. Great professor!
5.0 : She is one of the best professors I've had at UW. She is very passionate about what she teaches, and she also takes time trying to connect with each of her students, so if you need a letter of recommendation I highly suggest taking her class. She is very good at explaining and teaching as well, and makes the class very enjoyable.
5.0 : I love Cecilia!! She is a phenomenal professor and goes out of her way to make sure you understand the material. She truly cares about her students and keeps class exciting and fun. She's also super helpful and hosts tutoring sessions if you're struggling with the material.  una dei professori pi bravi dell'universit!
5.0 : Few professors have the ability to capture &amp; maintain the classes respect and attention like she does. What I like most about Cecilia is that she goes great lengths to ensure the success of her students. Not only is she insightful and know the material brilliantly but she is also hilarious (which makes the class fun and enjoyable). Highly recommend
5.0 : Understands the things that English speakers would have trouble with and really pounds out the lumps.
5.0 : Cecilia is passionate and energetic and has a great sense of humor. I loved her classes and I am taking another class with her next quarter. I have learned so much Italian in just two months (Winter quarter is short) and my friends from Italy are so impressed now whenever we talk through Skype. She cares about your learning!! It's a fun class!! :)
5.0 : Cecilia is by far the best instructor in the italian department. it is clear that she enjoys coming to class everyday, she talks to students as if they are her colleagues. Not only did I learn a lot, but she takes the time to get to know each student and recognize what their strengths and weaknesses are. you have to do the work though, its hard!
5.0 : Cecilia is awesome. She is funny, kind and tells great stories to mix things up. She went out of her way to set up review sessions before every test and she is super helpful if you need it. She teaches to all levels of learners and gives chances for those doing well to move ahead and for those struggling to catch up. Could not recommend more!
4.5 : Cecilia is an awesome professor who truly cares about her students.  She is definitely a tougher grader than most, but is constantly giving extra help to any student that needs it.  Her energy made classes enjoyable.  I recommend taking a course with her.
5.0 : Best Italian prof ever!! Take her!!
4.5 : Cecilia was a wonderful instructor for many reasons. 1.) she is very energetic and passionate about what she teaches, and a very lively person in general. 2.) She cares about her students' learning and is very helpful and will help you if you need it. 3.) you will never get bored or fall asleep in this class if she can help it.
5.0 : Cecilia Strettoi is a truly caring individual. While I struggled in her class, which was a seminar with a five credit work load, she genuinely cared about the subject. She is passionate and kind.
5.0 : Dr King is fantastic! Uses south park clips as examples and is pretty funny once you get used to his humor. Tests are alright, a good grade is attainable if you outline each chapter and go over what you wrote down in lecture. He allows you to drop one bad test if you take all of them which is clutch.
5.0 : Best psych professor ever! Great guy, super helpful.
5.0 : He is really funny. I really enjoyed his class. Strongly recommended.
4.0 : Great professor, very funny. I enjoyed going to his lectures despite the fact there were 300+ students in the hall. The homework, exams and grading were all reasonable. This is an easy class for anyone.
5.0 : Shes very sweet and kind.
5.0 : Professor Shayne is my favorite teacher at UWB. The work is tough but the readings are interesting and the in class discussions are so helpful, so go to her class every day. She expects a lot of you because she expects a lot of herself as a teacher, her passion for teaching made me excited to learn. No text book but lots of readings.
5.0 : This is one of my favorite professors. I took away a lot from her class. Also, I feel that I was able to become a better writer while taking one of her courses. She's opinionated, but don't always refer to her opinions, as she wants you to refer to the readings. She's is funny, direct , and I would definitely take one of her classes again.
3.0 : Dr. Shayne is alright . She's passionate about her work which is nice  but I would be lying if I said her class didn't give me tremendous amounts of grief, stress, and sleepless nights when taken with other courses.
2.5 : This class was the hardest class I've ever taken at UWB. She requires you to understand all the concepts on the readings enough to write papers on BEFORE you even go over them in the class.
5.0 : Shayne is one of the best professors at UWB. I took her for my DC1. She sets high expectations and pushes you to your limits. It's intimidating at the beginning but you'll begin to understand her humor and unique personality. In the long run Shayne helps you improve both critical thinking and your writing skills.
4.0 : Professor Shayne really cares about her students and their learning. She is very passionate about her area of study. Class had 3 Section write ups( 2pgs long) , group project - early thoughts paper, presentation and final paper)  Material is def interesting, lots to learn. I kind of prefer having a few larger assignments than many little ones.
2.5 : The readings are long and you have to write a lot of papers. But as long as you do all the readings, it isn't too bad. She emphasizes participation but does give you the chance to self-evaluate yourself, which is nice. Aside from it being challenging, this class was a real eye-opener and I learned a lot of valuable things.
5.0 : Anyone on here complaining about the amount of work doesn't take their job as a student seriously. You will never find a professor who advocates more for her students. Her classes make you leave feeling inspired and informed.  Yes. You read. And write. Welcome to college. I'll take every class possible with Professor Shayne.
5.0 : I took this class because it looked interesting and it ended up being the hardest class I've ever taken because of the level and amount of reading she assigns. However the discussions she has were very valuable and she is always accessible. She is a tough writing critic but encourages usage of the Writing Resource Center.
5.0 : Prof Shayne is an incredible professor. Her expectations are clear, her lectures are well organized, and she is very passionate about what she teaches. She always keeps her students' best interests in mind and will advocate for those being marginalized/exploited by the university. I encourage everyone to take a class with her.
5.0 : I took my DCI Course and BIS 300 course with her. My favorite professor at UWB. She is someone who you will challenge you help you and care for you as her student. In addition if you open up to her on a personal level she will have your success at her best interest. Love her passion for social justice diversity and Latinoa studies. THE BEST
3.0 : She is okay. Very opinionated, and even though I agree with her on a lot of things it still felt like too much for me. Very particular about things that really shouldn't matter that much, like how you turn something in, cover pages, etc. The class content is important, so that made it a bit better.
4.0 : Solid lectures, very knowledgeable, and her passion for the course material is inspiring! I personally didn't think she graded too harshly at all, although you do have to put in a serious effort!
4.5 : Second best class ever taken (behind ESRM 425). There's no amount of classroom/online experience that can compare to a hands-on education. Period. Tom is great. Although, it was difficult to keep up with him on some of the trips and I missed a little bit of info for my journal.
5.0 : strict but great teacher
4.5 : Dr. Little is hands down one of the best professors I've ever had. He can be a little unclear about his expectations of your writing, but if you talk to him about them he clears them up quickly. He's dedicated to helping his students learn and will make you work for your grade but you'll gain a lot if you do.
5.0 : Amazing, and hands down the best person I have ever met in my life. I'm in Rainier Scholars, too, and Dr. Little is incredible.
4.5 : A great lecturer--I always enjoy going to class. Passionate about the art but conveys the necessary information to students in a clear, straightforward way that's helpful when studying. Very organized, approachable, funny, and it's clear that he wants students to learn and enjoy art. Grading can be hard but always provides constructive criticism!
5.0 : The best art history professor I've had so far. Entertaining, clear, and enthusiastic. Also learned a good amount of his students' names, which was neat! No need to buy the book, but definitely attend every class and take notes. Pay decent enough attention and you'll be fine, especially if you like the subject.
4.5 : Approachable professor with a good sense of humor. Large emphasis on the tactile quality of art and viewer's interaction with it. Reading was excessive &amp; many times unnecessary. A generous grader, but at the same time, tough. Generous to the lazy, stingy to the hard worker. Don't expect to 4.0 this class. 1 midterm, 1 final, &amp; essay. Many slides.
4.0 : I really liked this guy. I love the subject matter of the class but he made it that much more interesting to me.
5.0 : Brumbach is a great professor, he has an old school feel to him and is very knowledgeable of his field of study. He assigns a lot of work via an online grading company that can be tedious at times but very informative. I definitely left the class with more than I went in with and an thank full to have had him as a teacher.
4.5 : Brumbach is a very passionate and knowledgeable historian. His class structure is mostly him lecturing. This is both good and bad, but the good part is that the notes you take on the lectures help you immensely on the exams!
5.0 : The most knowledgeable history professor I have ever had. If you don't like history don't take him, his lectures are one long information dump.
3.0 : This course reminded me of high school in that he lectures throughout the class. Easy grader, wish he could incorporate class discussions to help liven the class.
3.0 : He is very knowledgable about the subject. The tests are fairly easy, and he's a pretty easy grader as well. However, you must be prepared to read a lot outside of class. His  lectures are very boring and long for all he does is talk all class. There are no discussions or anything.
5.0 : I took labor studies with Cushnie and loved it. He had amazing lectures that were very in depth about the readings (can be dense). He is very inspiring and easy to comprehend. I think everyone should have to take this class because the subject is from such an interesting point of view and he does an amazing job of teaching it. 10/10 would recommend
3.5 : Larry is a very good professor and I learned a lot from him. However, he is a very hard grader compared to other political science professors here. I should have gotten a 4.0 and ended up with a 3.5. Take the class for the content; don't take it for the grade.
5.0 : Larry is such an engaging and hilarious lecturer, and if that isn't enough to catch your attention, he is a very attractive guy. He presents information in a way that is easy to understand and fun to listen to. Lots of guest speakers. No midterms, just papers.
5.0 : Awesome professor! Makes you work for your grade, but in all honesty, his teaching style is well worth the work you will put in.
5.0 : Professor Cushnie is a fantastic lecturer. He's hilarious and engaging, but still gives you tons of information in a very digestible manner. Guest speakers were cool, but they were hit or miss. Easy grading, no tests, and you can skip most of the readings if you pay attention during lecture. Super nice guy and would definitely take again!
4.0 : Larry was my professor at Bellevue College as he teaches there once every year. He is a great professor, but his grading criteria is a little unclear. Your grade depends on eight response papers you write throughout the quarter, usually once every week. It is a easy going class, but he grades tough on the response papers.
5.0 : Awesome teacher.  Manages to make some of the boring texts interesting.  Assigns readings, but they're often not necessary to fully delve into; a skimming and his lectures  good.  Pretty funny in class too.  He gives very indepth page by page feedback on writing assignments.  Discussion, paper draft, presentation, paper, no final, no textbook!
4.5 : Dr Kiser is an exceptional lecturer.  Attending lectures is vastly more critical to success than the readings.  If you have a speck of interest in the subject, lectures will be interesting anyway.  Grading was pretty easy but there was little transparency on how the grades were determined in my section.
5.0 : Despite Theory not being the easiest (or most exciting) of classes, Dr. Kiser has still made my list of top professors ever. He's intelligent, very interested in the topics he teaches, and always more than happy to provide examples or clarification for students in need. If you have to take theory, I HIGHLY recommend taking it with him. Amazing!
5.0 : I had to retake SOC 316 and I'm so glad that I was able to have him as my professor! The lectures are important in order to succeed in this class and it is easy to get lost if you miss several lectures. Tests are straightforward essay questions. The 10 page paper wasn't as hard as I thought it would be! Overall a great professor!
4.0 : He's a great lecturer, absolutely fascinating to listen to, and funny too. Felt like I couldn't type fast enough, a little hard to keep track of at times. If you aren't there and you don't have someone to take notes for you, you're completely screwed, so just pray you don't get sick!
5.0 : Professor Kiser is fantastic. His lectures have no powerpoints or online resources so attendance is important. He assigns a lot of readings, but the tests are very straightforward and lecture-based (essay tests, he gives you three options and asks you to answer two). I'm taking a 2nd class from him, he's very knowledgeable and explains things well.
3.0 : Doesn't use visuals in class, makes dense lectures difficult. Also has illegible handwriting. Passionate about teaching and offers lots of clear explanations during lecture.
4.0 : Attendance and actually paying attention is mandatory to succeed because there are no lecture slides. He is really nice and knows what he is talking about. Test are easy as long as you study all of the material from lecture. Books aren't mandatory- he goes over all the material in class. 2 tests and a paper- not bad!
3.0 : Prof. Foster's probably the teacher everyone expects to have. Fair, accessible, and highly competent in his field, he's more likely  the candidate you'd find in a lecture hall than a normal classroom. His lectures tend to drone on and his humor's a bit wanting, but if you like reading and writing on your own, it's fair work for a great grade.
5.0 : This was a great course, and Professor Foster really knows what he's talking about. Admittedly, there are some boring days but his humorous side reveals itself eventually. He taught with absolute clarity and got me really passionate about what we were learning. Midterm and final are easy as long as you go to class.
3.5 : one of the most knowledgeable English professors out there. He knows exactly what hes talking about, he's very good at analyzing readings &amp; giving his students a much better understanding of what might be confusing at first. Super kind and humble as well. HIGHLY recommended class to take! Nothing is hard as long as you read and come to class!
4.5 : English 207 is about superheroes, which is super cool on its own, but Foster had really great insight. If you are open-minded, you can get a lot out of lectures. There is a lot of reading, of comics and short stories, but no homework, workload is really reasonable. Only issue is that he lost track of time and would stay on one topic for too long.
5.0 : I also took Foster for ENGL 301. Easy, interesting class. He is smart and addresses a lot of issues in sci-fi, for example, but his critical language is dated. He uses language that he, as a white man, should not say. He is very much a liberal who accidentally says offensive things when referring to marginalized voices. He needs to catch up.
5.0 : Foster and his style are a breath of fresh air. I could actually talk to my non-English Major friends about what I had learned and I felt that I had things to say that were actually applicable to the world. His lectures are pretty dense but the class itself is very passable and interesting. Even with a 20 minute walk to class, I wanted to go.
4.0 : Class was fun b/c we were reading comics. Lectures are short and not bad, but they are important as both midterm/final are things from the lecture. The TAs seemed to grade quite easily on the take-hom essays and in-class essays. However, I did wish that Prof would utilize lecture time better by not repeating things he talked about previously.
4.0 : Took the sci fi class fall quarter and it was generally good. He tends to repeat himself. Some really great reads and a couple awful books, but quite a lot of reading. This class was more a history of sci fi than anything else. Be ready to discuss feminism ad nauseam. This a lecture based class with very little discussion. Not much essay feedback.
5.0 : Traynor is an awesome teacher. He's quirky and fun. He also makes seemingly dull material seem super interesting and he really cares about his students. I enjoyed taking his class and your effort directly correlates to your grade. He also has awesome stories and jokes. I would definitely take him again.
4.0 : I've had many English professors since taking Dr. Hansen's class &amp; he's still my favorite professor. He's challenging at times; however, he's a fair grader &amp; really values improvement. His office hours are also extremely helpful because he dedicates ample time to each student. Dr. Hansen is also funny &amp; a great person to converse with.
5.0 : Very interesting lecturer and down to earth. One of my all time favorite teachers. He is pretty tough on grading.
5.0 : Professor Stone is by far my favorite professor I've had. She is so helpful and a very good teacher. I took statistics with her and I have never been good at math, but she definitely made it understandable. I really want to take her class again. She can be a bit slow at grading and giving back labs, but if you ask her for it she will give it to you
4.0 : Class is easy. I only read the first two chapters of the textbook and stopped because the quizzes are based off of her lectures. Every Wednesday, it is lab day; you use and excel program or use equations to fill our the packet/ worksheet. If you don't finish it in class, then it is homework (which isn't due until Monday).
5.0 : Great professor. Just make sure to attend class and study in a timely-manner. Her wording on quizzes &amp; tests can be tricky, but overall she is very helpful and efficient with communicating to students.
4.5 : He's funny, but I didn't like the class.
5.0 : Warm, charismatic, great at leading discussions.
5.0 : Great professor, very passionate. Certainly not an easy grader, but will tell you exactly what you need to do, and may even let you redo work to get the best grade possible.
3.5 : It's an easy class, but you don't really learn anything, at least not IN class. There aren't any tests, a few essays and daily class prep assignments based on the reading. It's not a hard class, but it covers a lot of reading from prose to poetry. The teacher isn't very interesting, but she'll help if you ask, and sympathize if you're struggling.
4.5 : Very relaxing class! If it's the last class of your day then you feel like it's your chance to unwind. She is extremely reasonable and kindhearted.
5.0 : Best professor I've had so far at UW! so enthusiastic and clear in  class! you don't even really need to read all of the material. you can pass by on mainly lectures
5.0 : It was my first political science class, and I took it based off of her ratings.  And she's great!  By far the best professor I've ever had.  I dragged my friends to her lectures to see her present.  Fantastic public speaker, incredibly engaging, intriguing.  Could not recommend her more. And yeah, she's also pretty hot.
5.0 : Very intelligent and young so she cares a little more than older profs. However, she will spend 30 minutes of each class going over where you left off from last class so be prepared to hear the same material a lot. Gives great feedback on papers.
2.5 : Long papers, heavy load of readings!!! Not an easy 4.0 class
4.0 : Very nice lady. She cares a lot about literature and tries to make it engaging. The class is a little on the boring side, but that shouldn't detract you.
5.0 : I wasn't a fan of the course itself, but Dr. Blair is a stellar instructor. She cares not just about you, but that you grasp the concepts of the course she is teaching. She's extremely receptive to what people have to say regardless of how absurd a question or answer might be. She loves class participation.
4.0 : If you're looking for an easy lit class to pass then this is it. The subject seems daunting, but it's really not. Professor Blair is a fair grader who gives lots of helpful feedback and is willing to adapt to the class. She does have a soft voice which can make her difficult to hear at times.
4.0 : She knows her stuff, and really tries to make sure students get it. Had us do one-on-one, small group and full class discussion--flexible teaching style. Lectures sometimes feel slow, but generally good. Fairly clear grading criteria &amp; super helpful feedback. Makes puns and silly jokes; generally cheerful in class. I'd take a class with her again.
5.0 : I wasn't excited to take this class at first, but Blair is the nicest professor/human being ever. She really cares for student's understanding and interest as she takes the extra time to reach out to student who has any difficulties. Amazing.
5.0 : Her writing class is good, although it can be shocking to anyone who has not written before in the way that the class is taught. I recommend keeping up, since it can be hard to those not used to writing. She is very accessible and gives a lot of help and feedback, and is an expert teaching you how to think about and improve writing.
5.0 : Dr. Blair is just the biggest sweetheart. She's goofy, kind, and absolutely loves what she does, and wants to share that with her students. She's knowledgeable, too, and tries to be as clear as possible during lectures. She loves group work/discussions, but they're not too bad. She's a critical but fair grader with clear expectations. She's great.
5.0 : She's a truly excellent professor, her lectures are engaging and relevant. She genuinely cares about her subject and her students. It was a pleasure to come to lecture each week. I would recommend her without reservation to anyone with any interest in philosophy of science.
5.0 : Best teacher I have had at the University of Washington!!! I've been dying to take another class. I'm not a huge philosophy fan but if it means Lynn as my professor i'll take it!
5.0 : Best teacher ever. discussions in lectures necessary easy homeworks good grading
5.0 : AMAZING class absolutely &amp; positively stretched my thinking loved her recorded lectures ARE the most beneficial slow &amp; deliberate in delivery helped a great deal with understanding material, 2 exams, 1 paper, weekly chat &amp; quiz she responded to every email &amp; gave excellent encouragement! This is the very best teacher I've ever had highly recommend!
5.0 : She was the best professor I ever had. I went into the class feeling like I would be bored and confused, but she inspired a passion for logic in me that I didn't know was there. I found myself looking forward to class and often look back on that course as one of the most challenging and rewarding of my college career.
5.0 : I hated Science growing up but she made it fun. She sends a lot of emails (2-3 per day) but it's bc she's passionate about sci and will randomly curb assignments to raise your grade. The reading u can skim, bc quiz &amp; test were open notes, save your old quizzes those q's show up on the exam.  If you get behind she's understanding just don't BS her
5.0 : Very knowledgeable, encourages outside-the-box thinking and gives great feedback on assignments.
3.5 : Sometime's she gets a little too enthusiastic about the subject and goes on tangents... It's fun and all, but it starts to get confusing with what actually matters and what doesn't. Don't let that stop you from taking this class though; I'm not even interested in Philosophy-type stuff and I find this class rather interesting.
3.5 : Great professor. She genuinely cares about her students and how they do in her class. She is a very fair grader and answers almost all questions clearly. There is a lot of reading in this class and the material is sometimes VERY ABSTRACT. Just make sure you keep up with readings and attend quiz section. Great class and material!
5.0 : Let me start off by saying I have no interest in philosophy of science at all. That said she made the boring material easy to understand and she is  extremely helpful and sweet. She holds her own study sessions before tests where she answers all individual questions. Take the class because Lynn is amazing if nothing else. She makes you want to go.
4.5 : Lynn is hilarious, engaging, and fun, even when the material is anything but. Depending on your TA, quiz sections can be snoozefests. As a degree requirement, I enjoyed the experience but would not take this class again. P.S. It's Lynn's last quarter of teaching, so this won't do much good.
4.5 : Ames made his lectures into more of a discussion environment and was very interesting to listen to.
5.0 : Second class I've taken with Eric, and he is probably my favorite professor at UW. He's so inspiring and makes even the smallest of ideas sound incredibly fascinating. Whether or not you like film I highly recommend that you take a class with him. A great guy who loves to hear opinions from his students. I has so much respect for him.
5.0 : Eric is an amazing lecturer!! Clear, involved, cares a lot about the subject... whether or not you like film, Eric will make you feel like it's the most important thing in the world. I would take anything he teaches honestly, he'll make anything interesting. Super nice guy, cares a lot about his students. Introduce yourself and he'll be super nice.
4.0 : Took his C LIT 200 class because HE sounded awesome. But each lecture had a different expert professor, with Eric only introducing them. Some very smart, but so, so, so dull &amp; old-fashioned. So make sure HE is the one teaching. He emails students with helpful class supplements. He's more attractive than online photos. That's all I know about him.
3.0 : This class is actually taught by guest faculty each week; some of which were awesome but most of which were dull and unprepared. All the readings were provided and required to pass. There are four quizzes over the quarter that are pretty straightforward; the final one is cumulative. Don't take if you want Ames, you'll be disappointed.
4.5 : After years of having arrogant professors who only ask for students' opinions in order to assert their own superiority over them, Eric was a breath of fresh air. He really respects his students, creating a discussion environment really conducive to learning and caring about film. I highly recommend him. And, uh, that chili pepper is not inaccurate.
5.0 : Mass Media Law- I really enjoyed his lecture and I thought he was very clear and helpful. There's more POLSCI aspect to this class. You HAVE to attend lectures to do well on the two exams. Otherwise, there's 3 short essays as homework.
5.0 : He has really clear instructions and is pretty easy going. Taking  notes is all the is required to get a good grade.
5.0 : I probably shouldn't have taken such a hard class as my first COM class but I did, and I actually didn't regret it. Material isn't easy but I found it very interesting. Professor Kielbowicz's lectures were awesome and I learned SO MUCH from him. Tests are hard but go to class and read and you'll do okay, maybe not stellar but it's hard!
4.0 : Great professor! The class is pretty dense, but Dr. K is a great lecturer. Tests are kind of hard, but if you memorize all of the key terms and case studies you'll be totally fine.
4.0 : I took this class not interested in politics at all and he made the class so fun and interesting. He is very intelligent and full of information so I recommend rather than just copying down slides really listen to what he has to say. I learned so much in this class. Great prof and I would hope to take another class from him.
5.0 : I took his COM442 few years ago and learned a lot about the impact of how laws have changed to govern new media forms. Professor Kielbowicz was helpful and his lecture was very interesting. I highly recommend him and would take his class again.
3.0 : A fantastic teacher and very engaging lecturer. His laughter reminds me of gunfire, and will rouse you from whatever early-morning nap you may have been taking in his class. He makes  it interesting, and is always willing to answer questions. His grading system is a bit unclear, and I was unsure of my grade until after final grades were posted.
3.5 : I felt like the class material was slightly unorganized compared to his COM 440 class. Such a broad range of topics covered, so it's difficult to figure out what will be on the exam. He did try to make it interesting by assigning different types of assignments, which was kind of stressful at times. But, he's still a nice, helpful professor.
4.0 : He isn't gonna hold your hand, but he's a great guy to take a class with.  Treats you like an adult, assigns a decent amount of work, and expects you to do it right.  Straight forward, fun, and interesting stuff.
2.5 : His lectures are a bit boring, but It is an easy A class if you do all the homeworks. There are 8 homeworks and final exam is take home test. He listens to students.
2.0 : I really think he would be better as a researcher than a professor. He needs coaching about how to be an effective teacher because most of the time it was too confusing to follow, too much content, not enough explanation, incomplete instructions, and on the fly syllabus changes.
3.5 : He made a boring subject so interesting. His teaching style makes you attentive since he cracks jokes every now and then. Completely recommend his classes.
4.0 : Professor Turner is a teacher I would seek to have another class with. His class wasn't easy and the amount of assigned reading is scary to see, but he doesn't test on the readings; so you can read a lot if you have time or skimp if you have a busy week. Rather than a final we had a debate and it was an amazing experience and suited the subject.
4.0 : Great teacher, lots of reading articles. Very interesting material in the class but the lectures were a bit long and not interactive enough sometimes which caused some classes to be a bit boring. Overall, pretty damn easy especially for a high 300 level course. Definitely recommend to anyone trying to knock out a NW credit
4.0 : Frequently seems to be "trying out a new thing" with his classes. Never gives feedback on assignments turned in. Required postings on canvas and a few homework assignments and a take-home final.
4.5 : Great professor! Is very engaging with the class and laid back in his teaching style. Not a super tough grader as long as you just follow the guidelines he lays out for assignments which are usually in explicit detail making the class easy in my opinion.  Take a class from Turner if you get the chance!
5.0 : he is a great guy and funny. he is like a Kevan hart of teaching!!!!!!!!!!
5.0 : the best of the best
5.0 : She's by far the best professor  I've ever taken!! She's so sweet, funny and helpful :)
5.0 : BEST TEACHER IVE EVER HAD! HANDS DOWN THE MOST KNOWLEDGEABLE AND PASSIONATE PERSON!
5.0 : This course is a must take for students who have a Human Rights Minor.
5.0 : Heather is literally the best professor you can have! I took SOC 201 because the class seemed really interesting to me, and despite it being an 8:30 am class, I attended every single one of them because she made me so excited to be there. You'd be lucky to have such a gem for a professor.
4.5 : One word: Inspirational. This, ladies and gentlemen is a class you would be glad to take while being inspired about the topics addressed. She is very clear, highly knowledgable about the subject and will help you very much to succeed and get a 4.0. While maybe, inspire you to do more outside of what this class is teaching you.
5.0 : Take any class she teaches, she is that amazing. Every class was so incredibly interesting, and she really engages you in the material. You will leave class every day feeling amazed at everything you learned. She is an amazing professor!
4.0 : She really does care for her students and gives constructive criticism on papers, which really helped me improve on writing. She chose really interesting films and readings and overall, the class was not very difficult. About 2 reflection papers/readings per week and a portfolio in the end. Very doable
5.0 : The amount you have to write is intimidating but she will help you improve your writing. The books and short stories she assigned were interesting. She is smart, inspirational and funny. It was one of the best courses that I took at UW. Sad she is gone.
5.0 : Not a fan of poetry, but because of Professor Bierds' passion for the subject, I really started to understand what made poetry really not only entertaining, but fascinating to study as well. One of the best.
4.0 : Super fun class! You listen to interesting guest speakers twice a week talk about writing and then have a session with your TA about different topics in writing. There is also a weekly short assignment that gets super creative and fun. Literally just show up to the classes, write a poem a week, get a 4.0, and an easy VLPA credit.
5.0 : LOVED this class! All we did was sit and listen to guest speakers, which can sometimes be boring, but most of the time, it was SOOOO interesting! We also had quiz sections with our TA, where we'd talk about our weekly pitches. I had Joshua Potter (TAKE HIM!!!!!). This is my  favorite class out of all the one's I've taken so far at UW!!! Easy 4.0!
3.5 : You need to participate to pass his class! At first he will come as scary &amp; always will act like that.. but as long as you go to his office hours and talk to him about the problems you're having in his class. He will be a bit more understanding! But beware he has a different way of teaching &amp; could come off as very hard!  Great guy once u know him
5.0 : I'm pretty sure last quarter was Bhowmik's first quarter teaching the intro to Japanese film course, but I absolutely loved that class and her teaching style. Very straightforward content, lots of small group discussions and she's always open to listen to everyone's ideas and interpretations of things. I highly recommend taking any of her classes
5.0 : Do the readings and participate as much as possible and you'll do fine. Something I really love about Prof. Bhowmik is that she's not biased and actually likes when people play the devil's advocate. She's also very accommodating if you need to take your final early for studying abroad which was awesome.
5.0 : Dr. Bhowmik is easily one of my favorite professors at UW. She brings an exceptional variety of literature to her classes, and gives clear, thoughtful feedback on papers. She's also quick to respond to questions outside of class. I would recommend her colonial lit course to anyone who wants a rounded view of Japan and enjoys reading short stories.
5.0 : I didn't particularly enjoy this class because it felt like a lot of busy work. But it helped to know what to expect from Bio 180. I learned better and more productive ways to study for bio. Basically teaches you how to analyze and apply rather than regurgitate information.
5.0 : Great teacher. His techniques in teaching are so advanced that I know I will never forget the material I have learned in his class. He is very helpful and includes everyone in class activities. It isn't an easy class but, a class that you will really learn the material. Highly recommend this professor.
4.5 : Great class for students interested in the biological sciences, but be ready to learn and do work. Overall good professor and cares for his students, class isn't too hard.
5.0 : Again, Brian is a great professor! He puts less emphasis on grades and more emphasis on the progress of your learning. On top of that, he really care about you personally.
5.0 : The best professor at UW that I've had so far. He puts the focus on actually learning the material and being engaged as opposed to other professors who only care about grades.
5.0 : Prof. Buchwitz is not just a researcher who has to teach on the side. He really cares about passing on scientific knowledge.
4.0 : The material is boring, but Brian is so energetic and nice. On the downside, there isn't any structure, due dates get constantly changed, and you'll be lucky if he grades your work in less than a month, if at all. Most course points (including take-home exams) are group projects, but he makes up for that by making assignments very time-intensive.
1.5 : TOO MUCH assignments!!! I even got 4 new assignments from this course after final exam!!! Contents taught mostly by each other. His explanation is confusing and not clear. I always got lost in his class.
5.0 : Brian is hands down one of the best professors I've had at UW. He clearly spends a ton of time making sure that his class sessions are high-yield and emphasizes interactive learning. I left class every day feeling like I had learned something and feeling proud that I was an agent of my own learning.
4.0 : After high school Biology, I hated life science. Dr. Buchwitz changed my mind. I'm considering majoring in Biology now. He is engaging and interactive. He cares. He makes an effort to teach that may be greater than your effort to learn. Key to acing this class: office hours and out of the box thinking.
5.0 : Professor Buchwitz is absolutely wonderful and I only have nice things to say about him. He sincerely cares about his students and wants them to not only pass, but to work hard for their grades. This class goes beyond biology. It truthfully helped me become a better student, learner and teacher. I have absolutely no regrets taking this course.
5.0 : Brian is ALWAYS willing to go extra mile to help you succeed. He is also really kind and understanding too. Stay engaged in class and do your assignments, you will benefit a lot from his class. Would definitely take the upper division classes from him in the future. 11/10 recommend!
3.5 : I had Brian for a small weird FIG class. Brian doesn't give the clearest directions, which can make all of his group projects more challenging then they need to be. He is a super nice guy and will talk for days about any topic you want. He plans out his classes meticulously, and he truly cares so much about his students' successes.
4.5 : Biggest pro: he wants you to enjoy biology and succeed. If he sees you making an effort, he will try everything in his power to help you. Just go to his office hours; there, he goes through all the assigned problems and any additional questions. There's a lot of work &amp; studying that goes into this class, but what he really looks for is partcipation
5.0 : Nancy is a great professor who always has your back. She lays out what is expected of the students and as long as you follow her lead, you won't have any trouble getting what you need out of the class and maybe even having a little fun doing it!
5.0 : Absolutely, the best class I had at UW. El-sharkawi is a talented professor indeed. He also writes his own books.
5.0 : Elsharkawi is absolutely marvelous professor. he knows his stuff very well and has a lot of industrial experience. His textbooks are among the best I have read.
5.0 : Possibly one of the best professors I've ever had. Janes is hilarious and so passionate about what he teaches. I automatically felt comfortable and welcome in his class
4.0 : Great professor, really awesome lectures. The quizzes are really hard and you need to study for them. Also, don't skip lecture because a lot of the quiz information is only mentioned there! Other than the hard quizzes this class was really fun.
4.0 : Joe is an amazing lecturer, and the project is fun to work on. However, the reading assignments and the papers are often very difficult to do well on. The TAs are responsible for grading papers and assignments and do a very poor job at clarifying exactly what they are looking for. In addition, the quizzes include content that isn't covered.
3.0 : Joe Janes is very charismatic and engaging.  Some of the readings, discussions and quizzes are thought provoking and he's a great "intro" to the field. BUT  he has very little professional experience to draw on, and the bulk of his academic interests are no longer cutting edge so there is a limit to the depth of knowledge that you can gain.
5.0 : Great Professor. Lots of extra help offered, funny guy, really cares that you learn and doesn't mind going over things until you understand. Tests are straightforward and he gives good study advice. Also his homework is on paper and not online. I wish I could take this class again, I really enjoyed it.
4.0 : Although a clear and meticulous professor, she's boring to listen to. She's extremely picky about writing and isn't afraid to point out your errors. If you dislike reading or writing, I wouldn't recommend the class unless you enjoy the subject. I personally find the class interesting, but the professor bland.
4.5 : Excellent professor. Radnitz is charming, engaging, witty, interesting, and down-to-earth. He is able to take complicated concepts and boil them down to understandable basics. He is incredibly knowledgeable and easy to talk to. Funny as well. Highly recommend!
4.0 : Prof. Radnitz is very good in his field and does a great job of imparting some of that knowledge to his students.  His lectures (online) are very fast-paced- he literally talks very fast- so they might have to be played more than once.  He is good at responding to questions and giving feedback.  Although he is friendly enough, he is not overly so.
1.0 : Terrible lectures that you do not learn much from, combined with far too much reading without any engagement from the professor on. While others have seemed to like this prof/class, I was not a fan of this course at all.
2.5 : The research paper and the final are the only assignments that matter. Everything else is worth only 1 point or 5 points, while the research and final are each worth 100. The 5 point papers get marked down if you do any research on them outside of the material for that week.  Two textbooks were listed as mandatory, but only 1 had any use.
4.5 : he is good
5.0 : Really good
4.0 : I've taken his course on Modern Korea as well as North Korean studies; both classes were AMAZING!! I walked in not knowing anything, and walked out feeling like I got my money's worth on education. Readings are a lot but they are very insightful and easy language; also he covers them in class too so you know what the big points are! LOVE SORENSEN!!
5.0 : Prof Sorensen is an amazing teacher. He is super knowledgable and funny. A very fair grader. He make his requirements and expectation crystal clear. There are a lot of readings in his class but if you skim through it, you will be fine. He also posts all of his slides online and give out extra credit.  I highly recommend taking any of his courses !
5.0 : Your confidence in his knowledge and passion is a given. He does give three pop quizzes but are worth relatively little. He is an excellent professor who genuinely loved to teach and watch students grow intellectually. There are several opportunities for some extra points throughout the course; you will want to grab them asap!
4.5 : Gary Martin was a fantastic Professor for Intro to the Hebrew Bible.  While some of his lectures were quite dry, and had a lot of detail, the 2 HW, midterm, and final exam were all very straightforward and he provided all the necessary study material to ace it all!  His class was interesting, but not at the price of a solid GPA.  4.0 no effort.
5.0 : Professor Martin was definitely great. He is more than excited to answer any questions you have. Show engagement and he is more than happy to help. Follow study guides and you will do great! Lectures posted online although sometimes very detailed and hard to follow.
4.0 : Very easy class, two assignments and two very easy tests. Gary is passionate about the class and interesting. Great class
5.0 : Not generally interested in Near E but I sure learned a lot. Is very manageable if you briefly study all the terms for the 2-week unit. 5 term matching quizzes w/ a final. Class seemed easier than many but doesn't mean it was a "joke class". It's an intro course and you are still able to learn A LOT of interesting content. Gary is one of the best!!
5.0 : Gary Martin is the GOAT. Never will there be another professor as great as Gary!!! YOU MUST TAKE A CLASS BY GARY MARTIN BEFORE YOU GRADUATE!!
3.5 : This is a collaboration between NEAR E depts. Martin was 1 of 5 lecturers. Very enthusiastic and tried to engage the class, but content just didn't interest me. Easy A, but it was their first time offering the course  so grading may be harder if they offer it again. 5 vocab quizzes + final. Would have liked class to be analytical not memorization.
5.0 : THE GOAT.
5.0 : Gary is amazing!  This class is a collaboration class between professors, which means you are taught by 5 different people for about 2 weeks each. Each professor covers a different unit, then at the end of the unit you take a quiz. The final covers everything. It is just memorization, so it is easy if you put any effort at all into the class.
4.0 : The class was quite interesting. I only put 2 to 5 hours of memorizing the sheet that he gave in class. Obviously you have to take notes and fill the sheet which contains a list of terms. DO NOT SKIP CLASS! Attend quiz section so you are able to ace the final as the topics will come out from quiz section as well. Overall, it was a very ez class.
5.0 : Professor Martin is incredible. His enthusiasm for the subjects discussed and his clear delight at the progress of his students makes him one of the best professors I've had at the University. He eagerly listens to everyone and encourages fun, insightful conversations in class. Show up to class and follow his study guides and you will get a 4.0.
5.0 : Seriously the best professor you would ever encounter at UW. Cares about your learning as well as your GRADE! The class was really engaging and enlightening. Show up, read the slides(which are really interesting), learn the key concepts, and you're golden!
5.0 : My major has nothing to do with this class, but I decided to give it a shot. I have never had such a caring instructor. He is so passionate about what he teaches, and people respect him for that. Easiest 4.0, lenient with grading and due dates, offers extra credit. Honestly, please take at least one class by Prof Martin during your time at the UW.
4.0 : I took his B-term class, which met once a week or midterms and the rest+final was online. The material is DENSE. However Dr. Martin is VERY clear about what points from lecture will be on reading quizzes and exams. The questions themselves are reused on the midterms/final from the reading quizzes, and I still learned a lot despite how easy it was!
5.0 : B-term online course, 20 online "quizzes" that are all together worth 50% of your grade. 3 in-person Monday tests x 10% of your grade  30%, super easy because all questions from the tests come from the quizzes. Each of the quizzes and final exam are online and has a pdf study guide, which is the quiz/final exam word-for-word anyway. My 3rd 4.0.
5.0 : B Term online class. Met once a week. TAKE IT to boost GPA!!!
5.0 : Prof Martin is the best! Although his classes don't take a lot of effort to get a 4.0, that doesn't mean you learn nothing. I learned so much just from showing up to class and studying hard for the tests. I got over 100% on every test because he was so clear on what we needed to know! GPA booster but also interesting! Take him before you're done!
5.0 : Best teacher I have had at UW. Such a nice professor and really cared about his students learning/what he was teaching. Would take this class again!
5.0 : Gary Martin is incredible. He made the material clear and fun to learn. Tests and online quizzes were easy and he was always there to provide help when needed. Seriously the most accommodating, genuine professor I have had at UW.
5.0 : She is so nice and really helpful
5.0 : You can get 4.0 easily when you put a little effort on it. The professor is very nice and helpful. I have learned a lot of new things about forests.
4.0 : It's an easy 4.0 if you do the extra credit (I think about 6% or so is offered), sit next to a smart friend during tophat (weekly quizzes on Thursdays), and review the lecture presentations online before your tests (which is once per two weeks). I skipped several times and still got a 4.0. The only downside is the material is a little dry for me.
5.0 : Professor Vogt is awesome. Easy and interesting class. I'm not a science major and I really appreciated the content and how Professor Vogt made it applicable to everyone no matter what they were studying. She gives a lot of extra credit, and it's very easy to do well in this class.
5.0 : HANDS DOWN TO DABEST PROF EVER!! she is really helpful and extremely nice, gave chocolates on lectures, what not to love about her, really? She always help whomever asked her questions DURING the quizzes, like any kind of questions ;)
4.5 : This class is easy but boring. The amount of sleeping i did in this class was a lot... Easy 4.0. If you don't want to attend the lectures make sure to do the EC
5.0 : Professor Vogt is so enthusiastic and gets everyone excited about the class. There are so many opportunities for extra points on the quizzes just by answering simple questions in class. It is very easy to well in this class, and definitely an easy 4.0. She is a great professor and made the subject interesting.
4.0 : You can 4.0 this class with minimal effort. I'd say go to lecture and you won't have to study at all for the biweekly quizzes. There is no final, midterm, textbook or papers, just biweekly quizzes and one group project (just a video you don't even get in front of the class). The professor is animated and passionate, and funny-enjoyed this class!!!
5.0 : She is the best teacher I ever seen in UW. She is really helpful and nice to students. She is passionate about all of her lectures. Her class is not hard if you do go to classes.
4.0 : Vogt is knowledgeable in the field, hilarious, respectable, and quite honestly just adorable. Even though material would have been dry with any other prof, she made it interesting and even funny. I had this class at 9:30five days a week and went to every single one out of pure enjoyment of the class. Take Vogt for new passions and ways of thinking!
5.0 : Vogt is a knowledgeable and caring prof. She does lecture everyday and the content can be dry but she tries to make it interesting and there is a ton of extra credit. Extra help is always available even during quizzes. Make sure to sit next to someone smart during Top Hat and read the ppts before quizzes.
5.0 : Professor Vogt is the best professor I have had at UW. She is passionate about what she teaches and will always help you out if you are struggling in the course. If you attend most lecture and study for quizzes you will do great in this class. I highly recommend this class to anyone, Professor Vogt is the BEST!
5.0 : I can't say enough good things about Professor Vogt and this class. The material was a bit dry, but if you look over the lecture slides, do some minimal readings, the class is an easy 4.0. The TAs are always ready to help, and really helped me get my grade up this quarter given the circumstances I was under. HIGHLY recommend this class!
4.0 : This class was a lot of work since lecture was everyday at 930 am. However, she was there to help students and her TA Jessica were accessible right after class to answer questions. I would take another class with them but not in the morning. It's hard to stay awake when you had a hard night!
4.0 : She basically reads off the slides but since this is a 101 class, the material is pretty easy. Has quizzes every 2 weeks which you have to study to get good grades. Extra credit worth up to 5% of the grade
5.0 : She is a really nice professor. Her lectures might get boring but the class is really easy. She gives lots of extra credit so make sure to go to class. She assigns readings everyday, you don't have to read. All you have to do for the quizzes is review all the powerpoints and the questions and you'll do well.
5.0 : Kristiina is one of my favorite professors. She LOVES the material that she lectures. She even brought in several Native American guest speakers to talk about Natives views on forests. She's been all over the world to do research which she shared with us. She has an adorable accent and gives LOTS of extra credit. The group project is super cool too
3.5 : It's obvious that Vogt is passionate about what she teaches but I found it hard to follow her lectures because I would get a little bored. She's a very nice woman though and the topics she presents are interesting sometimes. If you are interested in forests and the connection that society has with it, then I would recommend this class with Vogt.
5.0 : I highly recommend this class to anyone who is looking for a third stress-free class to fit in their schedule. This class is very straightforward and it is very easy to get a 4.0 as long as you put in some effort. The professor does talk a bit too fast during lectures however they are all recorded so you can always go back and see what you missed.
5.0 : Kristiina and the two TAs were always helpful and gave good feedback. They were there to make sure we learned but in a fun meaningful way.
5.0 : Easiest class I have taken at UW. Vogt is hilarious in her own quirky way. If you struggle at any point, reach out. They will help you. Strongly recommend taking this class if you need a low stress GPA boost.
5.0 : One of the nicest and caring professors I've ever met at UW. Professor Vogt does care a lot about her students' success. I would have gotten low grade if Prof. Vogt and her TAs didn't help me out. Class is not necessarily easy and you need to put some efforts into it. Overall, class was pretty much interesting thanks to Prof. Vogt's sense of humor.
4.0 : 5 Friday Quizzes 50% of your grade. 10 Tophat sessions 20% of your grade, mostly Fridays but Thursday if there's a quiz on Friday. 30% of your grade is homework which you do 1-2 questions a week. Also, this class has an average GPA of 3.6-3.8. She gives lots of extra credit, especially the 0.5 GPA boost in the end of the quarter for course evals!
5.0 : Such a good professor! His first semester at the U and he seems to really be connecting with his students! He is funny and engaging and makes the class material exiting and fun. I have never hated missing a philosophy class so much in my life. Lots of writing but thats to be expected with an upper level PHIL class - its nothing cruel or unusual.
5.0 : Really enjoyed the course. Went over a lot of provocative and had to determine why is was or wasn't ethically right (in a class where there is no right answer).
5.0 : Prof. McNally provides the best History classes at UW. Her classes are true examinations of the topic at hand, and dive deep into the real, tough historical questions surrounding them. She wants you to learn, so please participate. She will make you a better student by teaching you how to learn and synthesize what you've learned. Great Professor.
5.0 : Gives you a great outline to match her lectures. Explains everything she's looking for in a 4.0 student. (So no excuses for getting a bad grade) Makes herself available to you, and gives great engaging lectures. Do the readings, they're both interesting and essential to the class. Trick is to pay attention, she gives pointers, and you'll do fine.
4.0 : Prof. McNally was a great professor. Lectures were clear, to the point, and interesting. She was excellent at telling you exactly what could show up on the tests, and made it very easy to get a good grade so long as you showed up and payed attention. No tricks, no gimmicks, just a good, straight-forward class and professor.
5.0 : LOVED HER CLASS. I took her class on 19th Century American History. So interesting. I am not a history major. This class was the first history class I've taken at UW. She obviously loves what she is teaching. Such interesting, relevant lectures. Her tests are straightforward. I worked for this class, but she clearly wanted us to succeed!
5.0 : Debbie McNally is a fantastic lecturer. She is clear, precise, and has an extremely warm and helpful personality that makes her easy to work with a approach.  Took her class on New England Witchcraft, mainly about Salem- fantastic! Learned a lot. Tests are straightforward. Quality professor.  Quality person.
4.0 : Professor McNally is great. Her lectures were very organized and she handed out an outline of what she'd be talking about during the lecture. This was really helpful for quizes. I enjoyed the structure of her lectures - her slide shows were mostly images which made it easier to listen to her and take notes. Course pack had interesting reading.
5.0 : Joe is so great. He  genuinely made me want to attend class every day. His explanations are superb and he makes it so easy to learn such a foreign subject. He truly cares about your success in the class. Go to office hours if you need help! He'll just give you problem after problem until you get it. Also he is HILARIOUS. In a cynical way.
4.5 : Joe is fantastic at explaining concepts and very great  at taking time out to help you on anything you might need. He's extremely passionate about what he does- sometimes to a fault. I found it a bit intimidating to engage him in any debates or challenge his arguments due to how heated he gets about some topics.
5.0 : Taking Phil 120 with this professor really saved my GPA. All I had to do was attend and focus. No reading, homework is optional, attendance is optional, 2 quiz redo's at the end of the quarter. It was perfect.
5.0 : Great professor with enthusiasm in literature. Makes every effort to make the class more interesting.
5.0 : She's so nice! The class atmosphere was good, and although i've never read any eastern literature, I felt like expressing my idea. She gave interesting intro in eastern european culture. I might take another course with her in future quarters.
3.5 : I took 271 with her and class was somewhat enjoyable and I got a high grade. BUT, 320 ended up being one of my least favorite class at UW. Grading system is completely different. Reading was heavy. Going to class was a drag. If you are really interested in East European Lit. you might love it.. But, I wouldn't recommend this class to anybody else.
3.0 : I started her Roman Polanski class with very high regard for Polanski, but by the end of the class my opinion had changed to kind of Meh (I mean Chinatown is still a masterpiece, but a lot of his work is really kind of bland; he's too eclectic for his own good). None of this is the fault of the professor though! Perfectly fine; not enough discuss.
4.0 : Dr. Crnkovic brings a very interesting perspective to literature. She is from Eastern Europe, so when I took a class in Eastern European literature from her I was really opened up to the culture of that region. She brings a wealth of experience to the class as well as a very unique cultural perspective on literature and history.
5.0 : I loved this class a lot. There are only 3 quizzes and that is all you get graded on, mostly multiple choice. Very easy if you attend lecture and watch all the movies, but if you don't do one or the other, it will be much more difficult. The 2 hour lecture is long, but Goga makes it entertaining. I would take her again!
4.0 : Three quizzes based on films and class discussions. Super easy class but the lectures can get somewhat boring. Goga is really nice though! Would definitely recommend her if you need some VLPA credits or you're into Slavic studies.
5.0 : This woman has given me life and instilled a deep appreciation and love for all things slavic.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Absolutely loved the class and she was an amazing person. Really takes the time to get to know you if possible. There were about 10 movies to watch and a total of 3 quizzes that determined your grade. They were mostly multiple choice and overall really easy as long as you go to class. Hope to take another films class with her!
5.0 : This was the Roman Polanski class. She was a great lecturer, and very friendly. Brought an interesting perspective to the course content. Definitely take her class. Not very difficult. Grade is made up of 3 tests about the films.
5.0 : This was for the Roman Polanski film class. Prof. Crnkovic had a deeper insight and appreciation for the films that was easily passed on to us. Attending lectures weren't required but to get the full enlightment I heavily recommend it. Enjoyable class. Gave me a deeper appreciation not for Polanski films but all films.
4.0 : Professor Leissle is very knowledgable and knows what she is talking about. She expects students to participate at all times, and is very strict with no technology in the classroom.
3.0 : No technology in her class. She had everything planned out two weeks before the quarter started. Class was pretty boring and reviewed things you should know from other UWB classes. Treats you like a fifth grader. Every point matters towards your grade.
5.0 : Can't recommend her enough! It's clear that DrLeissle puts a lot of time and thought into her lessons and her ultimate goal is to make sure you learn something no matter what level you're at. She is easily the best professor I have had and you can rely on her to quickly respond to messages and provide help when needed. Always participate!
3.0 : Exams are ridiculously HARD. average is about 50%. Curve will save you slightly. Highly recommend taking physics at nearby community colleges. Professor is very nice and smart tho..
1.5 : Seriously class attendance at the 8:30 lecture was about 1/5th of the attendance at the 11:30 because he is consistently 1-2 days behind in material in the earlier lecture. Can basically teach yourself everything without the professor. But unlike all other profs, Efimov doesn't just pull exam problems from the back of the book chapters.
3.5 : Efimov was a witty professor and surely loves physics! He is very enthusiastic and cares about his students. However, his exams were quite tough and makes his students think outside of the textbook problems. How I studied: Read the textbook, do and understand all textbook and homework problems.
5.0 : Such a nice guy... he really wants you to learn. Hes awesome, but tests can be tricky so study hard!
5.0 : Prof. Parks is the reason why I look forward to going to school. Com 202 was amazing with him and I learned so much. No textbook required. He uses lots of youtube videos that are all very interesting. I miss him already!
3.0 : ehh, he could be more helpful in my opinion. On the other hand, it is a big class and understandable that he wouldn't want to help students too often/much. By the way, by help I don't mean on explaining material.
2.0 : Lectures are screencast. He's a good speaker but his explanations can get confusing. All exams are multiple choice, not that much homework either. He's funny but I wish I didn't take the class from him. His questions were tricky.
5.0 : This is not an easy A class and the tests are hard as they are designed to get you to apply the terms to real life situations. Mac is one of the best professors I have ever had and super approachable and willing to help you. There is no text book, but you need to go to class and quiz section. Do not take the first quiz lightly, study for it!
4.0 : The class was really interesting and Malcolm Parks was a great lecturer however getting a good grade in the class is not that easy. The tests are all trick questions so its easy to get a lot of the questions mixed up. He is disorganized when it comes to turning in assignments in a 200 person lecture. Overall though, he is a cool guy!(No text book)
2.5 : Mac is an old school professor teaching a digital course. While I think the theory was interesting, it was a little hard to follow many of his poorly constructed PPTs. Additionally, the grading in this class was a moving target and Mac was not really the approachable type.
4.0 : No textbook required! I thought the material was interesting, the information to be useful, and a light homework load. The midterm and final are pretty serious though. I got a 98 on the midterm and then studied for a full weekend for the final and got 100 so a good grade is achievable with some effort. Go to quiz section and review lectures online.
2.5 : Lecture goes fast and note taking is difficult, print partial outline from website prior to class or you will miss important material. Tests are a moving target. Not always approachable, prepare yourself for some quip as response to your earnest course questions. Flippant, he thinks himself quite clever. I do not recommend this professor, to anyone
1.0 : Mac has a hard time interacting with students and lecturing. His teaching made me hate a subject I love. Average on the midterm was 54.9%.  He does not curve exams. Cannot use computers to take notes. His sense of humor is rude and at times creepy. He said that the Seahawks losing the super bowl was as bad as 911. Honestly, Mac is tenured trash.
2.5 : It's not that I was disinterested in the topic, but I found it very hard to stay awake and pay attention during these two hours of the day. The test difficulty is pretty average. If you attendwatch all of the lectures, take some notes, and do some light studying before the midterms, you should be okay. Lots of little assignments.
4.0 : He tells us right off the bat that historically, class averages have been 2.8 to 3.0. Say bye bye to your nice GPA if you need to take this class. You can study hard and go to every class and still get screwed by the tricky way he designs his tests.
4.0 : Extremely tough grader.
5.0 : pay attention to the first quiz!  He gives clear study guide to help students prepare of the exam Will be better if he gives practice exams Nice lecture
3.0 : He's very passionate about the material which makes lectures interesting but they are SO long.  I ended up watching a lot of them on Panopto sped up. Very interesting material that Mac presents well! Grade based off participation in Friday quiz sections, 3 short papers, a midterm and a final (both multiple choice).
3.0 : I do not recommend taking this class unless you need it to apply for the com major. I took this class for fun after doing well in 201, but this class requires a ridiculous amount of detail it's absurd. You get points taken off assignments for not giving a specific enough example or not relating it to your life. No textbook, long class, not worth it
5.0 : best class ever! also inspirational. he knows how to make students pay attention. always try to give updated examples for every lectures. Although test questions are confusing, you can do well as long as you study. Attend lecture, if you can't at least you need to watch panotop for sure. personally, my favorite class at uw
3.0 : I thoroughly enjoyed his lectures and they were interesting, but his tests were ridiculous for an introductory com class. Definitely a weed out course if you ask me, but if you're into communications and your GPA can take a hit it is a fun and interesting class, I prefer classes were your grade isn't solely dependent on 2 multiple choice exams
5.0 : Awesome lectures, but really tough on grading. I go to every class and studied very hard and just got a 3.3.
1.0 : His concepts are vague and ancient. His new engagement exercises, encouraging you to write concept clarifications and concept examples, were bogus, although I liked that you were allowed to do them on your own pace. Grading was all over the place. Exactly what was expected was not ever clear. Not approachable.
4.0 : I don't understand these ratings saying this class is hard. Seriously, it's one of the easiest classes I've had at UW, on par with rocks for jocks. The concepts aren't hard to grasp. No textbook. He makes the lectures interactive so the two hour block goes by quick.
2.0 : Mac is a funny and engaging lecturer, but not approachable. The one time I tried to talk to him, he was extremely cold and curt. He is very unclear of his expectations with assignments (i.e. he said you can do an essay in "one page" and gave half points because the paper was not two pages.) Wish he had clear grading rubrics. Overall OK class.
4.0 : The class is disorganized and he can be cold when asking for help.  You also have to pretend like you don't understand certain concepts &amp; write about them, which in my opinion is pointless. Don't get me wrong it's a great class, one of the few at UW that you have to take. Just be careful this isn't a 4.0 class,  tests are design to trick you.
3.0 : Delightful person with a witty sense of humor. Disorganized lectures. The material in this class was more about suggestions and guidelines about how to approach media and culture where I would have liked to see more CREDITABLE case studies and research.  Although his tests require thorough understanding of the material, they are not hard.
4.0 : While he was a great lecturer and gave simple study guides, his tests are tricky and all example based, making you thinking answers are similar. The curve surprisingly killed me (like another stated) and I went from a 3.7 to a 2.9 right after the final. Everything else is really easy but the final. Go to class. Don't just use Panopto.
3.0 : Easily the hardest test-giver I have had at UW, and Im a Junior whose taken physics, accounting, and LSJ classes along with COM/psych classes as well. His lectures are fun and I went to every single one, studied as hard as I could on the study guides, and thought I understood the class very well. His tests are misleading and destroy your grade.
5.0 : I absolutely adored Mr. Bright. His lessons were intellectually stimulating as his energy was just phenomenal. He helped me drastically improve my writing.
3.5 : Clicker points, but other than that, not much class participation. Clear lectures and she is able to share life stories that enhance the material.
4.0 : Online exams for my quarter. Pretty interesting lectures. Go to class and you will pass.
3.0 : The class was somewhat interesting and wasn't that difficult. The exams were timed and online. Professor Kirk never answered any of my emails and reaching her at office hours was hard...
3.0 : She's a pretty laid back professor and likes throw in a few jokes here and there.  There are clickers, so you should probably go to class everyday if you want easy points, though I know some people never did and still ended up with a good grade. Tests were online, so you could use notesinternet, but the questions themselves were tricky at times.
5.0 : I did not attend class one time and got a 3.8. All of the tests and homework assignments are online and the participation points could be done from home.
4.0 : Similar structure to NUTR300 except that tests are not online and there were additional assignments. There are 4 exams (no final!), 2 assignments, clickers, and mini reading assignment "quizzes" done online. As long as you study the notes (study practice exams because she recycles some questions!) you should do well.
4.0 : Lectures can be a but dry at time, but exams are super easy as long as you study some the night before. Overall a very good professor.
3.5 : Tests are based on lecture material but the questions can be very specific, so try to not skim over sections while studying. Make sure to go over in-class clicker Qs and the practice exam Qs - she will reuse some. She ended up giving an EC assignment to help boost some grades, which was really nice! No final and easy HW questions on Canvas weekly.
5.0 : She is a really good professor.
5.0 : Kirk has very interesting lectures and keeps it interesting for the whole hour. It is a easy A class as long as you keep up with all the lectures. There is absolutely no homework, which is a plus.
5.0 : get ready to spend $80 for an "easy" class cause of the hw
4.0 : I had Elizabeth freshmen year and I enjoyed the class. I learned lots about nutrition and about healthy eating which really helped me out to take smart food choices. Really appreciate the professor the class overall.
4.0 : Professor Kirk is well-spoken and cuts clear to the point. Her slides are straight-forward and follow the text. As long as you attend lectures, you'll pass the exams. You don't need to purchase the text because it is available on reserve, but be sure to to stay on top of any assigned readings.
5.0 : Go to the lectures and take notes like you should do in all classes. Have poll everywhere questions which are easy and gives extra credit by them. Exams are online so just go to the lectures and you ll be fine.
4.0 : Her lectures are dry but I admire that she tries to be humorous throughout it. Tests are online and super easy. You will need to the textbook if you wanna do well on tests. Classes are semi-mandatory as she has clicker points but they're worth 2% of your grade and she has panopto recordings.
5.0 : Great Prof. Online exams were mostly straightforward if you paid attention in lecture. Very helpful one on one as well
4.5 : Dr. Kirk is such a sweet lady. Although lectures can be a little boring, students really can't complain about this class. No homework, 4 ONLINE tests and the final isn't cumulative. She tries her best to keep us entertained and the subject matter can be really interesting if you put effort into paying attention.
3.5 : Dr. Kirk's class was really interesting! Her lectures are recorded but there are clickers that count for participation points. However, her clicker points were only worth about 2-3% of your overall grade. I thought this class had a fair amount of assignments and the tests were easy if you attended lectures and did the assignments!
4.0 : 4 Online Exams. 50 questions in 50 minutes. Love it. Clickers are only 2% of your grade but you can get extra credit. One of the few subjects that are interesting even for the worst students (the students who get bored easily and probably should leave UW). To get a 4.0 you need a 98%. Also some of the answers to some test questions are online.
4.0 : While it is easy not to show up to lecture, make sure to participate in PollEverywhere questions because it helps to get a small grade boost at the end. It is a very easy class with exams online and only two small projects.
5.0 : Easy 4.0. 4 online exams that are all worth the same (46%). You just have to show up to quiz section because its basically participation(33%).  Two small projects that take like 30 mins (19%) and the clickers are worth 2%.  And on top of that Dr. Kirk is super kind and sweet and shes pretty awesome.  Classes are also on recorded on panopto.
4.0 : Dr. Kirk is amazing in that her lectures are very interesting, but only if you're interested in nutrition. I really enjoyed the class: tests are online (4 total), two nutritional assignments, and quiz section grades. This course was called NUTR300 so look at those reviews as well. Overall, I highly recommend!
5.0 : Dr. Kirk's lectures are awesome! She was always available after class to talk or answer questions and all her exams were online this quarter. Some of her questions were tricky, but if you studied the material beforehand, you will be fine! I definitely recommend her. She does have clickers for participation so attend class.
4.5 : Professor Kirk tells you exactly what you need to know for the tests. So just pay attention and do the study guide questions before the test.
4.0 : Advice: Only take this class if you are if you are majoring in History or are VERY VERY interested in the Native American culture. You should have some background with Native American History. In order to pass this class, reading is essential. We read books on top of separate articles, so YES YOU MUST LOVE READING. She's very helpful as well.
5.0 : Dr. Harmon is one of the best at UW. She really knows her material and just to be in class feels excellent because you are having class with one of the best in school. She is willing to sit and cover class material with you in person and will arrange time to help you as long as you are also interested in your grades.
3.0 : Alexandra is very nice and knowledgeable, but her lectures are scattered and you learn nearly everything from the readings. Constant group discussions - I want to be taught by a professional, not students that have no idea. A decent class overall.
3.5 : Harmon is TOUGH. I was interested in the topic beforehand with a little prior knowledge, I went to class every day, I read every word of every reading, I worked hard on my papers...and I got one of my worst grades on my transcript. She's knowledgable and helpful, but student beware, she's difficult.
4.5 : Professor Harmon is an extremely knowledgeable, kind, and approachable person. She is passionate about the material, but also has high expectations for her students, as she should. There is quite a bit of reading, and participation in discussion is mandatory, but she mediates well. Work hard on the papers, pay attention, and contribute.
5.0 : Keep up with class work, expect to do research on your own time. Attendance is somewhat expected. Professor is approachable and have plenty of office hours if you need extra time.
5.0 : missy seems like a very nice young lady helpful and outgoing. she is very intelligent and has a nice family
4.0 : We barely ever had class. Only had to write one paper the entire quarter and it was the same paper that was mandatory in HSTAA 105, the linked course for this class. The only other work we did was assignments to prepare for the tests. Very helpful class to help succeed in my history class, and was a pretty easy class too!
4.0 : Even though it was not what I was expecting going into the course, it was quite interesting regardless. She has a tendency to go off on tangents, but the material is captivating, and the workload is quite easy.
3.0 : The class goes in 3 segments, 2 of which are just to help you with the midterm and final which is super helpful! The last segment is just a paper you need to write based on some of linked courses content (AES 151 in my case).  Overall definitely a good class to take because she knows what shes doing and is super helpful when it comes to the tests
5.0 : I love Yu Laoshi! She is really helpful with pretty much anything you need. She reminds me of my old IB teachers because she tends to baby the students, which is nice:) Yu Laoshi is really good at explaining and always have so many examples to help clarify whatever it is that the students don't understand. I wish she taught Chin211-213.
3.0 : Bad. She didn't even teach the class, the TA taught our section and she only showed up for 1 lecture which was bad. Took away all the in class partner speaking exercises which were the most fun and helpful aspects of learning Chinese at UW and replaced them with more quizzes and lots of character and grammar drilling. Turned me away from a minor :(
5.0 : Hands down one of my favorite professors in my three years of college. She genuinely cares about whether or not you learn, whether or not you really get something out of the class, and about you as a person in general. It's not an easy class, and it takes a lot of work, but Yu Lao Shi really goes the extra mile to prepare you and help you succeed.
2.5 : Horrible. She didn't even teach the class, the TA did all the work instead. The transition from first year Chinese to second year is ridiculous. No more in class speaking exercises or projects that encourage you to practice with classmates. Everyday there is some sort of quiz or test and then 50 min lectures are condensed into 20 min drills.
4.0 : I took this class on a whim--I only planned to take it for a quarter, but enjoyed this class so much that I am continuing the language and incorporating it as part of my minor! Yu Laoshi is kind and funny, and my TA Fu Laoshi is so helpful. The class does move fast, so falling behind hurts and be prepared to drill yourself with flashcards OFTEN.
5.0 : I took this class with him over a year ago. I still remember most of the material we covered. Homeworks were hard and time-consuming, exams were easier. James always was willing to stay late and help a student if needed.  I thought that he wasn't clear sometimes because he thinks in a unique way, but with help, I did well in class and still remember the material
4.5 : Clear. Consice. Hot.
3.0 : He does not think like normal people, and as a result his tests are quite difficult. His lectures are amusing and get the material across, but his office hours are not always too helpful. Beware the vending machine final.
3.5 : EXPECT TONS OF HOMEWORK. Only two exams, both of which I did well on and wayyy easier than the homework, but still require you to manage your time well to think fast about the question. Oh did I say EXPECT TONS OF HOMEWORK. Thankfully I had taken two other easy classes so I had tons of time to do the homework, but I pity those who didn't. HOMEWORK!
5.0 : Literally the coolest guy ever. Hands down. Funniest professor I've ever had. I was laughing so hard each class. Class is straightforward, just make sure you keep pace and always be communicating if you need clarification on anything, homework, etc. Great class.
4.5 : Tough homework, but the tests are way easier than the homework I like how James thinks about stuffs and his jokes in class always keep me awake. Like him and his classes a lot
2.5 : This guy. Goodness. He's pretty hilarious, but kind of neurotic and easily distracted. Grading was super inconsistent from student to student, and asking for a review meant risking losing even more points (a little sadistic, in my opinion). Office hours were a zoo, everyone was confused and homework took so much time that it was hard to keep up.
5.0 : Lloyd is one of the best professors I've ever had. He's hilarious, engaging, and he genuinely cares about his students. He's willing to meet with students basically any time of day or night for one on one help. His tests are challenging, but you'll do well if you know the material. I'd take this class over again just to have Lloyd again
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had. So willing to meet with students outside of class and really wants his students to succeed.
5.0 : Honestly one of the best teachers I have ever had! He was inspirational and truly cares about his students. Ross is going to miss Lloyd next year! He is the best!
5.0 : Easily the best prof I've had. He's personable and funny in lecture and keeps it fast paced and engaging. Cares a lot about students, really made it point to get to know us. Willing to help students pretty much any time of day. Class was challenging but he is super helpful. Go out of your way to take a class with Lloyd
1.0 : Ridiculous tests, one of my final questions count for 35 points (out of 100) took me 3 hours to finish. This is his first time teaching MBA and his last year teaching at UW. Hope you guys lucky...
5.0 : Lloyd is simply the King.  I have had a lot of great professors, but none are in the same league as Lloyd. Not because his courses is easy (it was damn hard), or because he's especially nice, but because he is one real dude.  So caring about his students, brilliant, and absolutely hysterical.  Take a class with Lloyd!
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had
4.5 : Dr. Joe is a very nice professor. I enjoyed his lectures and really liked my TA, which made this course a lot easier. There's a lot of reading, but it's not that bad. In the end we wrote an essay, but with the worksheets we had completed every week it made writing it much easier. I would take another course that's taught by him.
4.0 : He is a really cool professor. You can tell he likes his job. I learned a lot in this course. The tests aren't too bad and the work load isn't too bad either.
4.0 : The book is extremely dull, but the class is fairly interesting and the professor is good. He's easy to understand and the tests aren't too bad at all.
3.5 : One of the first classes I took at UW and was an easy W credit! Really enjoyed this class and the prof was a really nice guy. Lectures are screencasted so not necessary to go to every class. Work load wasn't too much and exams are all multiple choice. If you attended class and skimmed readings, the exams were relatively easy
2.0 : Dr. Hannah was really interested in his lectures.  The amount of assigned work (readings, especially) was ridiculous. Also, I didn't like his grading. He stressed the importance of a Literature Review. Yet for the first one, it was only out of 10 or so points. Even the first midterm was only out of 10 points.Overall, I wasn't really into his class.
4.5 : Dr. Hannah is a great prof, his lectures can be a bit loopy - though most geog lectures are. But you can really tell that he is passionate about teaching and learning on pedagogical level. I honestly don't know what the department would do with out him! Take one of his classes, seriously, they are fairly easy and interesting if you're open minded.
5.0 : He's a good teacher.
2.0 : Be prepared to read boring poetry and have group discussion on a daily basis. Camponovo tries to be funny and helpful but this class is suuper boring and you most definitely will not learn anything. Complete waste of time. Find a professor that knows how to teach English and makes you enjoy the class.
4.5 : Probably the best professor I have had in any class.  I would take anything she was teaching, she has a very engaging style, she is funny, whipcord smart, and is concerned about each student doing well. I would aspire to be like her if I was going into teaching.
5.0 : Great professor. She is extremely knowledgeable and helpful. Any questions you have she will answer and is very nice. She responds to emails quickly. I would definitely recommend taking her.
5.0 : Great teacher. As long as you attend class, there should be no problem passing with a good grade. She is very clear on her assignments and helping.
5.0 : awesome teacher, clear lectures, easy exams. One of the best physics teacher in the department.
5.0 : Great professor. Does some cool work and has a gift of distilling physics lectures into something generally interesting and entertaining, while still deftly demonstrating the mathematical meat of it all. Pretty visible in the physics study center downstairs and around campus.
4.0 : Tolich is one of the best professor in the Physics department. Grab his class before its closed!
5.0 : He is the best physics prof I've had. Super great power points, which he also posts. His test questions are clear and easy to understand, and actually ask about what he teaches in class. Highly recommend.
4.0 : Great professor. Really does care about student learning. He will go step by step on paper to show you how to solve certain problems. He will mostly explain till a question is resolved. Still read your textbook very well. Use the Practice textbook, since HW is out of there. Show up for in class questions.
4.5 : Always there to clarify, the class moves fast and is challenging, but if your willing to put in the work, he will help.
5.0 : Had Tolich for 121 and 122. He's really great and his tests are very clear and not overly difficult. Make sure you understand the labs and are doing the hw problems on your own not looking them up or anything. Reading the textbook is also crucial.
5.0 : Tolich was great - straightforward, very polite and helpful. He did a good job of slowing down where he needed to, and also keeping lectures interesting.
5.0 : One of the best professors in the department
4.0 : Tolich gets a little overhyped because all the other physics professors really suck. Anyways, tolich is great because he's VERY straightforward about his expectations. Study the practice midterms he gives, because he's doesn't go off tangent from those. In his class, you can expect the expected.
4.0 : I took Daryl Pedigo for 121 and Tolich is much better. HIs lectures are better and he is a lot better at explaining concepts. 122 is a hard class in general and it moves quickly but Tolich does a fairly decent job teaching a hard subject
5.0 : Awesome Professor!! Humble, knowledgeable, and has a deep understanding of physics principles and are ready to explain to his students in simple words. He always writes fair exams.
5.0 : Physics is the hardest sequence at UW, it cannot be escaped. The professor doesn't even matter, the material is hard no matter who teaches it. Tolich is a caring guy and obviously knows his stuff.
5.0 : Nikolai is a great professor.  He comes off as incredibly intelligent in lecture but manages never to belittle students for questions he considers obvious.  He makes the occasional joke in class and his demonstrations are always worth the watch.  His class is very fair.  It is tough, but he tells you exactly what you need to know for exams.
5.0 : I had Tolich for the entire physics series. He's one of the best physics professors, I've heard negative comments about Pedigo and the other profs, but Tolich is the best. He does interesting demos. Make sure to study lecture slides, often he'll take material straight from slides and use them on tests.
4.0 : Awesome professor, our section was always better than others in terms of performance on midterms. The professor made a difference. Tough course in general, especially for someone like me who hasn't taken AP physics.
5.0 : Best physics lecturer I had at UW. Gives a good mix of theory and example problems in lecture and the homework challenges you enough to prepare you for tests.  Between lecture notes, tutorial, lab, and online prelecture, I did not need to use textbook much
5.0 : Tolich is hands down the best professor I've had at UW so far. The physics course material is extremely difficult, but he manages to teach the core concepts in a clear/intelligible manner. Going to lectures, office hours, study center etc. will help you understand the topics covered. If you have the choice, I would highly recommend taking his class
5.0 : One of the best professors I have had at the University of Washington. Hands down. Takes the time to help students with physics
5.0 : Honestly one of the best professors I've ever had.
4.0 : His lectures are fairly weak, but the poll questions are really helpful since he walks through the reasoning/process of each one. His tests are fairly difficult and long, so portion your time wisely - the multiple choice section draws from the Mastering homework and post-labs (no partial credit), and the tutorial section draws from the tutorial hw.
5.0 : Great lectures, office hours are even better, does a great job of explaining physics in a clear, precise manner. Exams are very fair :)
3.0 : He is really nice, but he goes through lecture material really quickly and briefly. His explanations are good, and he's good at answering questions.
3.0 : Not sure why people like him so much, his powerpoints/lectures this quarter seem shallow and I don't learn  much from them, this could be a result of the new book we are using this quarter. He is a very nice guy though, hes always willing to help and answer questions.
4.0 : He was a nice guy, I didn't see him as an exceptional teacher, but he definitely cared if students understood the material.
4.5 : He is very approachable and not condescending when asked questions about the material. If you give enough time to Smart  Physics before lecture and at least try the smart physics homework, you will stay on top of things and probably do pretty well in the class.
4.5 : THE BEST. THAT IS IT. TAKE HIS CLASS.
4.0 : Professor Tolich delivers clear lecture. Lots of in-class quizzes and guiding-through examples. Based on my experience, while targeting 4.0, stay above 2 standard deviation over average on each exam and make sure getting nearly full points on all other things, you'll get what you want. Exams are based on homework and what you learnt in class.
4.0 : Difficult class in general. I got through it by going to the study center every other day. The TAs definitely help and nikolai also helped out a lot  during his office hours. He really cares about you learning the material and won't look down on you if you have difficult time understanding the concepts. Final was easy compared to the previous exams
5.0 : He is a fine Professor. Very friendly though he looks super busy. His main problem is that his classes often have abnormally high curves. His exams have three parts: multiple choice, tutorial and lab section. These are often recycled from lab manual, tutorial and slides. Good luck!
4.0 : Although the class itself was easy, he grading sucked very much. For a regular essay she will give an 85 with no comments. Because that's just how she rolls. The end project is time-consuming. Tests are not hard, study the definitions on my marketing lab or just the textbook. I'd rather take Zhang because he has cases, and no projects.
1.0 : I really like her. one of the nicest ladies Ive ever seen. However the class is not easy at all.
3.0 : People LOVE Marty bc she's funny and fairly easy. However, I personally felt that if she cut down on her monologues, we could get out of class an hour early each time. Her stories are entertaining, but a bit too much. Feels like a stand-up comedy show and it's hard to retain information by the time the tests roll around. Unpopular opinion, I know.
5.0 : Really funny woman, down to earth and really knows her marketing stuff.
5.0 : Marty is the best marketing professor at Foster, hands down. Truly cares about her students -- "make your mamma (aka Marty) proud" were her last words before we took our midterm. Lectures, projects, and homework are fun. Midterms are straight forward. Final is not cumulative. Honestly, take all your marketing classes with Marty. She's amazing!
4.0 : Marty is so funny and loves teaching, you can tell. She is willing to accommodate for students and very fairly and clearly explains material she obviously knows well. The hardest part is that everyone does pretty well on her tests so the curve makes it hard to get a high grade.
5.0 : You can easily pass this class with minimal effort. If you can't go to lecture you can learn from her lecture slides/reading the book but she's super sweet and funny so her lectures aren't boring. Three one-page homework assignments, two tests. Very straight-forward. Not tricky at all
5.0 : If you study the slides and read few pages of textbook, it will be an easy and fun class.
4.5 : Marty is my absolute favorite professor at UW. I took her for MKTG 301 and she sold me on the marketing major. I have now taken 3 marketing classes with her. She is really funny, uses videos and modern media to make the material more relevant. If you attend lecture, listen, and pay attention, the tests are very straight forward. Must take!
5.0 : Marty is the best professor at Foster, hands down. I have had her now for 4 courses (301, 340, 410, 450), and have loved every minute of it. She is incredibly approachable and has helped me and other students develop a true passion for marketing. Tests are straightforward, grading is fair, lectures are extremely engaging. TAKE CLASSES WITH MARTY!
5.0 : Wide-ranging introductory course Good readings (worth reading) Marty knows material well I learned quite a lot Group project was kind of meh (didn't have much freedom to choose topic (develop a pet product)) Unique sense of humor Comes across as very sarcastic  got on my nerves at first, but I finally came to accept it's her sense of humor
5.0 : I absolutely love Marty!! She is very well in tune with the field of marketing today. She is very specific about what she wants on homework and tests. She goes on tangents but they are always entertaining and helpful in remembering the facts. She  is a  wonderful person and always has her office door open for you. Don't take 301 with anyone else!!!
5.0 : Best professor at Foster!! I have taken all my marketing classes with her and she is amazing! Extremely helpful and class is always interesting with all the stories she tells. Tests and HWs are straightforward and the projects are pretty fun!
5.0 : I really enjoyed her class. Very strait forward-midterm, final, 4 homework assignments, group project. A wonderful teacher, I learned a lot from her class. I used the book, but you can also pass without reading it. Take her, you won't regret it.
3.0 : Over the course of the quarter I came to hate this class. Lots of emphasis on participation, so depending on who's in the classI found that Hole didn't explain things in a way that was easy to understand. Often I would come out of class more confused than before I got there. Lots of days it felt like a waste of timebut that participation grade.
1.5 : I have never rated anyone on rate my professor but made an exception for Ben and this class because it is so horrible. I have taken LOTS of philosophy and Ben's grading is the hardest I have ever seen in my life and completely inconsistent. I bust my butt in this class and consistently get 75% on everything I do. AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE!
4.0 : This class required work, lots of work. Ben is a tough grader but the feedback he provides is very constructive. Furthermore he curves generously (an 84-90% is a 3.7). Once you get into it the class becomes fairly enjoyable and interesting. I would recommend it to anyone.
4.0 : Amount of work in this class is over the top. Readings averaged out to about 80 pages a week. About 15 pages worth of weekly assignments over the quarter, a final paper between 8-12 pages that will need to make a presentation for, and a final assignment that is 7-14 pages of work. But you will learn a ton and be stronger for making it out alive.
4.0 : Ben is a very nice guy. Generally he is an OK grader. However, PHIL102 is not an easy class because this class is not curved(obviously) and only the one who got full grade throughout the quarter can get a 4.0(which is absolutely impossible). Overall, this class intrigues me as it is discussion based and the topics we discussed are very interesting.
5.0 : Ben is probably the best professor I've had. Really engaging lectures and that really challenged my world view. I'll usually loath on campus classes but I always looked forward to this one. Personally  I didn't find his grading too tough but I am no perfectionist either.
5.0 : Fast talking speed and you need to really pay attention. Teaching style is very tight and concise; you will learn a lot if you follow him. He is also very passionate and willing to discuss your paper with you with seriousness but also humour. Summarisation of philosophical thoughts were succinct and you can easily find a directive in unknown field.
2.5 : I'LL PRAY FOR YOU. Really strict, but actually trying to teach, just not working for me. If you like learning in a happy environment... GET OUT BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE
4.5 : He's a really good teacher. He is very clear on what you need and his lectures are very straight to the point. He is always wiliing to listen to other people's opinion and is very knowledgeable. He's a fair grader which means you get what you deserve. I would highly recommend this professor! I ended with a 3.9. Homework + participation is a must
4.5 : He's super awesome, but he is a serious grader - albeit fair, he outlines everything he expects in his criteria for your papers, and as long as you adhere to those things, you should be good. Lectures are more class discussions than lectures. I spent a lot of time on this course, it was quite challenging. But I pulled a 3.7 and had a ton of fun.
1.0 : This is hands down the worst class I have ever taken attending Bellevue college. Dr. Hole does such a poor job or teaching, and managing the class room its almost impossible to deal with. The way he grades almost seems biased, and gives limited amount of work that has a heavy impact on your grade. If you plan on taking philosophy do not take this.
5.0 : Siegel  has a lot of clout within finance. But his 2 exams are pretty difficult. The quantitative questions are straight forward, but he likes to ask super specific, right or wrong, short answer questions. The weekly home works are always a hassle since their due that Friday you learn it.  In all, you will learn a whole lot from Siegel.
4.0 : Probably one of the most accomplished professors at UW. Literally invented some fundamental models in Finance. First half of course was easy, second half started accelerating real quick. Textbook not needed because lecture slides are pretty comprehensive, but the material is so hard/complicated I would recommend it. Super dense though.
5.0 : Professor Siegel is one of the most respected professors at Foster. He is a very nice person and truly cares that you learn. He is there for you when you need help on the subjects.
2.5 : The structure of his investments class strictly math -- integrals, derivatives, partial derivatives etc, although the tests are just simple arithmetic. He goes on long tangent elongating class; You can skip lecture everyday and get a 3.5+; Homework and midterm one easy, final is hard; the class is very boring. I recommend registering another prof.
4.0 : One of the nicest professors ever. Class is pretty straight forward. Midterm was relatively easy and the final was hard. You can skip SOME lectures and still do well for sure. Would definitely take him again
4.5 : By far the best Finance prof I've had at Foster.  Everything is explained to you, examples are given, feedback is quick. If you don't do well, only can blame yourself.  He knows his sh*t but is still the nicest, humble guy around.  Mid-term is straightforward; final will require studying.
4.5 : Iain is a funny, interesting guy and a great professor. Really encouraged creativity. Made classes and lectures a lot easier to get through. Very knowledgable, very helpful. A lot of guest lecturers that were very passionate. Class was pretty easy too! Be sure to show up to most classes and do the projects, you'll easily get above a 3.5.
5.0 : Prof. Robertson has been one of my favorite teachers I have ever had. I was lucky to take his class through the Honors class (Honors 205) and had an absolute blast. He pushes you to think differently. I was certainly frustrated at points, but he is just a great resource to get a new prospective on the world.
5.0 : Amazing teacher!! The best professor I've met, he genuinely cares about his students. He makes the class fun and educational. I would HIGHLY recommend this class.
5.0 : Took two of his classes this year and I enjoyed every single lesson he prepared for the classes. Quizzes and short essays (only for higher level JSISE classes) make up a huge chunk of the grades. He is also very lenient with the grading and he clearly enjoys teaching.
5.0 : I am an engineering major, but I took ENGL 310 because I need VLPA credit. The class itself requires a lot of reading because you have to cover almost the whole Bible in one quarter. But Professor LaPorte makes it worth it. He's funny, energetic, and he clearly cares about the material, the lectures, and the students. He's a 12/10 professor.
5.0 : This man is so energetic, he makes a 10:30 class fun and interesting... and believe me.. 10:30 lectures are never fun. He's fun and interesting, topics are interesting, TA's do all the grading--  Topics for essays were difficult and TA's grade hard, but fair.  Absolutely loved him and the class!
5.0 : Charles is extremely passionate about all aspects of English literature. His class not only teaches how to analyze different modes of literature, but how to care about and feel the emotional impact of the text as well. If a teacher has ruined a book for you in the past, Charles is the professor for you. You will love poetry and Shakespeare alike.
5.0 : Professor LaPorte is incredible. No matter what he is talking about he captivates the room - I could honestly watch him talk about anything for hours and not get bored. As far as the class itself, the TA's do all the grading and they grade pretty hard, but they are very accessible and understanding.
5.0 : Prof. LaPorte is not just the best English Professor I have had. He is the hands-down best Professor I have ever studied under. He genuinely loves literature, and has so much enthusiasm for the subject that he nearly cries in class from the emotion it elicits. Im serious. If you take one English class in your college career, take it with him.
5.0 : As a science major, I would say this class makes me enjoy the humanities. Prof. Laporte's class was very interesting and easy for a W class. You only have to write two 5 page double spaced essays for it. He does not grade them too hard and he will help you a lot if you ask him. You can skip readings and be fine.
5.0 : Professor Lingo is an amazing instructor. I have never taken an art history class before I took her class on Baroque art. Her lectures were great! She cares about you understanding and feedback of the subject. I would take another class from her anytime! Not graded on a lot of work just, one paper and two exams.
2.5 : GEORGIA IS AN EASY GOING TEACHER, BUT SHE IS NOT VERY ORGANIZED, AND LIKES LONG DISCUSSIONS. SHE BARLEY LECTURES AND EXPECTS YOU TO FIND DEFINITIONS ON YOUR OWN. SHE MAKES YOU WORK FOR IT. SHE ALSO LIKES YOU TO READ INTERESTING STORIES AND USE QUOTES TO BACK IT UP.
5.0 : Professor Roberts is one of the most genuine and outgoing instructors I've ever had the pleasure of working with. The subject matter of her course are full of depth and complexities that are enlightening to unpack with other like minded people. Her  course structure is flexible and the course objectives are always well definied! I recommend her!
5.0 : She's very down to earth and relatable. The work/knowledge presented is engaging and is applicable to current and future endeavors.
5.0 : I have taken taken Georgia for multiple classes in my college career and there is a reason for that. By far Georgia is the best professor I have ever had. She not only cares about the subjects in which she teaches but she genuinely cares about her students. Georgia knows how to make group discussions very engaging. Highly Recommend you take her!
5.0 : An amazing teacher and person. Her class was truly eye opening to me and encouraged me to challenge the master narrative that I've been hearing all my life about race and diversity. Do the disscussions and readings and you'll be just fine. I couldn't recommend taking a teacher any more!
5.0 : Georgia Roberts is by far one of my favorite professors. I've taken her for numerous classes in my undergrad and she has always been a very fair and understanding professor. She comes to class with a unique approach including relevant class discussions and helpful lectures that apply to what is going on currently. She is great!!
5.0 : One of my favorite classes at the UW. I would highly recommend this class and professor to anyone, especially to those that care about the lives of humans. The readings are great and the writing assignments are enough to learn from but not so intense that you don't have enough time to actually be intrigued by the reading material.
4.0 : I took her online class, BIS 313, and I found it very interesting and insightful. There were weekly discussion posts on canvas that require participation, and a few other short essays. I don't have any complaints about this course. It was an online course that required full participation, so don't think the workload will not be heavy.
5.0 : Georgia  amazing professor. Take her class!  She is genuine, caring, Interested in her students. Everything to know isiterally in the syllabus; read closely. Assignments were openended to showcase our style/creativity/abilities. She gives fantastic feedback before grading essays. Advice: don't get behind/be organized, communicate, use feedback.
5.0 : Georgia makes it easy to succeed by clearly defining what we needed to do to get the grade we wanted. We talked about controversial topics but she made it so that everyone felt comfortable sharing their thoughts. She was also easy to reach if you needed more help (take advantage of that!) &amp; even assisted me after the class was over. Great prof!!
5.0 : Georgia is the best Professor I had at UWB. Every day she came to class energized and the whole class fed off of it. Her lectures we're so interesting and you could tell how passionate she was about the topic. I would recommend taking BIS 351, BIS 490, and BIS 499 with her like I did. You will learn a lot and thoroughly enjoy it at the same time.
5.0 : Georgia is, hands down, the most inspirational professor I have had. Passionate, caring, and insightful. She addresses/discusses issues that need to be prevalent in academia. 10/10. A refreshing dose of truth.
5.0 : Georgia was incredibly helpful in understanding the materials for some rather big topics in the course. She is accessible when you need help and is actually invested in learning about her students. Discussions are a key part, so be sure to participate! Georgia is passionate about the topics she teaches and it shows in how she presents information.
5.0 : If you have the chance, take a class with Prof. Roberts! I took her BIS 351 Topics in American Culture class themed on Tupac Shakur and it was one of the best classes I have taken. She is very casual and her lectures and readings are interesting. You want to participate in this class because she makes it fun and engaging!
5.0 : I loved her! She is such a genuine and honest professor. She really cares about her students and what we get out of her class sessions. Participation is important but her class is so engaging and interesting that you want to participate!
4.5 : Professor Roberts is one of the strongest, kind-hearted teacher I have had.  She takes the time to focus on the style (in my class it was Realism).  If you want to learn, this class and this teacher will get you there. Cool group thing. Take a group, assign a short-story. Have group come to class and be the teacher.  Innovative. Brilliant teacher.
5.0 : Roberts is Phenomenal! I would recommend taking BIS 351, BIS 490, and BIS 499 or any class that she teaches. She is clear with her expectations and any question you have, the answer is literally in the syllabus.  Hands down! This professor is passionate, creative, real, and loves what she does. If you want your mind blown, take her class.
4.0 : Georgia is a very cool person to begin with.  Some of the best teachers are those who know how to be laid back.  She is a happy person, despite struggling from personal health issues, and always has a smile on her face even when she's not feeling well.  As long as you put in effort, do the reading, and complete assignments, you should do well!
4.5 : I went in without a strong background in quantitative methods, and I would recommend that you have one before considering this class. Despite this, he is very clear and good at teaching. Be sure to do the homework, as the final paper is a culmination of these. All coding in R he gives you the inputs and merely asks for analysis of the output.
5.0 : Class has some really important and useful material! It may be hard at first and seem cheatable to pass, I'd recommend struggling through it as you'll learn a bunch!   Zivot may be too fast for some of us, but if you put in the work for homework, you'd understand why he's an awesome professor.  Exam wasn't bad, project wasn't too hard. Amazing!
1.0 : He doesn't seem to care about his students. He has a subjective way of grading and is unclear about why you received a certain grade...
5.0 : One of the greatest professors I have had so far. Even though there were a lot of readings, they were useful in some way. Really learned a lot.
4.5 : Best professor at UWB! I'm a business major, took bis 397 for vlpa. This guy is smart, the class talks about really in depth and intellectual topics. He will give you a new perspective on so many different things. His class is a lot of reading (totally doable), and class participation. Hardest part is taking notes because you just want to listen
4.0 : Took for an elective, and he was pretty good. Interesting class times, clear and fair assignments and grading, and he really inspired everyone to pay attention in their reading and participate in discussions. Only down side was there was a lot of reading.
5.0 : This class is thrilling and fantastic! The professor will change it up if things get dull or tedious in order to get interesting conversations going. He has a generous personality but you have to be present and engaged. He also brings snacks on the last day of class! Show up every day and read all the texts and you will do well!
5.0 : The best professor I have ever had at UWB or any college class to be honest. I learned something more valuable than just education, I learned about myself and my relation to each human on each. I was so sad on the last day of class but he got his residency so I will more than likely take him for elective senior year. Immerse yourself in his course!
5.0 : This class is awesome. I learned so much about national identity and culture. The books we read were great and the assignments challenging but not too difficult. If you come to class most days and have the reading done, and participate in class discussion, you will do well. He's cool and easy going but intelligent, and quite handsome. :)
5.0 : Take him! You won't regret it. One of my favorite professors so far. Lots of readings, but WORTH IT and doable. He's hilarious, intelligent, and a genuinely amazing human being. He will change your life! Take him!!
4.5 : Amazing class.
5.0 : Difficult readings, but class discussions are really helpful.
4.0 : A PLETHORA of reading for this class. So in order to pass, you gotta read and get ready to discuss the readings for the next class meeting. He is very clear with discussions and you will learn a lot about culture. Randomly throws out quizzes so be careful. Also, do not skip class. He is unpredictable with attendance. A huge part of your grade too.
4.5 : Amazing professor. Genuinely nice and cares about students' grades. Ended up getting a 4.0 in the class because there are so many extra credit opportunities! Make sure to take advantage of those. Make sure you study for the exams because if you do bad on even just one exam it could impact your grade a lot. If you memorize the textbook you'll do ok
4.0 : A test a week is not fun but it helps you learn and you'll thank your hard work throughout the quarter by the time the final rolls around.
5.0 : Appears absolutely dedicated to her students and to making sure that they  learn
5.0 : The best professor I have so far! She always showed interesting examples and videos. For test, you have to remember what she thought in class, the textbook wasn't so important. She was nice and helpful! Highly recommend!
4.0 : Engaging and clear lectures. If you don't understand something, she is open to clarifying questions.
5.0 : Best prof I've ever had! She gives extra credit for attendance. There were only 3 tests, all multiple choice. Go to class and read the textbook and you'll do well!
4.5 : Immediately on the first day I knew I would like her. She's a very clear speaker and her lectures are engaging and easy to understand. Her examples are solid and she brought in her dog for a chapter! Tests are multiple choice and straightforward. Be prepared to read the textbooks though. She's very generous with extra credit though!
4.0 : Awesome teacher. Great lecturer, super fascinating, tells lots of jokes and stories. Totally makes it worth going to class. And it's not a hard class either so I showed up for fun, not out of necessity.
5.0 : I really like professor Pickrell. She is very funny and cares about the grades of her students. She gives a lot of extra credits. Though she posts lectures online, going to class is actually really fun. Definitely recommend her!
5.0 : She's pretty funny, and cares about her students learning the material.
4.5 : The material of PSYCH 101 can sometimes be bland and boring but Professor Pickrell makes the class more interesting by adding personal stories and funny jokes!
4.0 : Great teacher but tested frequently on a LOT of material.
3.0 : Panopto lectures recorded and MC Tests. Also the HW is very easy. You don't need to get all the HW questions right, just do the HW and you'll get the points. Also the EC psychology studies can help raise your grade up to 0.3. Beware, only 3 of the 6 hours for the psychology studies can be online.
5.0 : I loved taking Pickrells Psych 101 class, her lectures were entertaining and educational. Go to class! she occasionally gives out extra credit for just being there, but if you miss class there was always panopto.  When she involved the class in her lectures the activity was memorable and interesting.
4.5 : 3 midterms and a final. She is a good and interesting lecturer, even brought her dog in one day! She cracks some funny jokes if you have her sense of humor. The tests are a little bit harder than expected, you MUST study her slides, but the good thing is if you miss a lecture she posts them all online. Best psych teacher of them all
4.0 : The class was pretty easy. You can choose to go to class or read the textbook. She basically lectures out of the textbook. A lot of the test questions were pulled from the online textbook reviews.
3.5 : Prof. Pickrell is helpful and is big on the extra credit. Wouldn't call the class a "GPA booster" if you're not willing to put in the work. Lots of memorization of concepts and vocabulary. If you miss a day, you may miss out on extra credit bc it's random. She engages the class with fun mini games linked to the lecture. Good class.
4.0 : She's done an amazing job on some of the boring topic. Her examples are fun and interesting, make it easier to remember. You do not necessary have to read, but if you want a 4.0 that would be worth it. The HW is participation and there is a lot of extra credit opportunities so you do not have to worry about failing the class.
5.0 : She's extremely nice, but sometimes here lectures are a little boring because the material is sometimes really dry. About 5 times during the quarter she gives one point of extra credit if you show up to class, and if you do all of the psychology studies extra credit you get a .3 GPA boost. Make sure you study her lectures for the tests. Great class
4.5 : Lots of extra credit opportunities. I never read the textbook once, and I'm going to get probably about a 3.8-4.0 out of the class because of the extra credit opportunities. Lectures are on ponapto, so you could skip but you get EC for attending class sometimes. Makes boring topics interesting. Definitely would recommend.
4.0 : Really enjoyed the class, and although the material can be a little dry she works hard to add fun aspects to the lectures. The class was very clear, organized, and the grading was straightforward but mostly based on tests. So as long as you show up to class and read the textbook, the material isn't too difficult to understand.
5.0 : Lecture's take information from the text, but she outlines the main concepts very well and she tries to make everything relevant.  Everything is online.  She gives lots of extra credit, but you have to come to class to get it (and you don't know what days will have it).    She's also just a super cool person, and her tests are multiple-choice.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at UW. You can tell she's really passionate about the content that she teaches and that reflects on the class' ability to perform well. Show up to lectures-- the class has a lot of content and it's easy to fall behind. She also offers a ton of extra credit so take advantage of it
5.0 : Pickrell is my favorite professor at UW! She makes the content super interesting and loves what she teaches. Gives lots of extra credit if you show up to class/do psych studies. She was super helpful in office hours as well. Exams have some Launchpad questions on them. I definitely recommend this class!!
4.0 : I would definitely take Pickrell again. Actually, I will be taking one of her 200-level courses next quarter! Overall, I would say she is a great professor. Although her lectures could be a little vocabulary-heavy, I suppose that is to be expected in any 101 psych course. I would certainly recommend Professor Pickrell to anyone interested in psych.
5.0 : The content of the class is really interesting and Pickrell is one of the best lecturers I've ever had. Funny, good at explaining, and engaging. The class itself is pretty easy; I put in minimal effort and got a 4.0. This is a great class to take if you're looking for something low stress but interesting. Would recommend Pickrell 100%
3.0 : Super boring class, but pretty easy. Make sure you read the textbook. If I had put in more effort, I would probably have gotten at least a 3.8, but the material was so uninteresting that I couldn't get the motivation to study more. Yet, still got a 3.3. Only took it for psych prereqs,
4.0 : Extra credits for attendance appear randomly. Make sure attend every class if you want EAs. The highest exam score are always adjusted to full points. Reading the textbook, attending lectures are important, because she tests you on them. The videos shown in lectures and demonstration are also fair games for exams. I get 4.0 in this class!
4.0 : Pickrell is a great professor. She really knows what she's talking about. And she explains in a very understandable manner. The lectures are long sometimes but she transitions into topics smoothly. She gives out extra credit on random days throughout the quarter if you attend class. If given the opportunity, I'd take a class with her again.
4.5 : She is a great teacher, she is funny and likes to crack jokes. I would'nt say she is the easiest 4.0. You do have to read the textbook to really understand the material and use the vocab words in context for her 3 multiple choice test.  If you want an easier 4.0 Id say to fine a different prof.
5.0 : The class was very easy. Pickrell was very nice. She gave out a lot of extra credits, but you have to be in class to receive them. Her exams are largely base on her lectures, and maybe a few specific questions will be from the book. The homework is easy, it counts as long as you finish them on time.
2.0 : Ok, lectures were pointless. All she does is read of the slides by rewording what's up there. She words her exams weird, and I just didn't like her teaching at all...very dry, and just useless. The book is really helpful though, my saving grace.
5.0 : She is very nice and patient.  Her lectures are interesting and useful. There are a lot of opportunities to get extra credits. The exams are not hard if you read the textbook and listen her lecture.
3.5 : She is a good lecturer and her expectations are clear. There is a lot of vocab and designs that are covered and details matter.
5.0 : One of the best professors Ive had at the UW. Dr. Pickrell is extremely knowledgeable and happy to help students. Her lectures were actually interesting and grading criteria was crystal clear. The exams were tougher than expected despite being multiple-choicemake sure you really know the material. I'd definitely take a class from her again. A+
5.0 : Psych 101 is a pretty easy class if you read all of the textbook and attend lectures. Dr. Pickrell's lectures focus on big or confusing topics in which she may give some helpful demos. The textbook fills in a ton of details you need to know for the test. She and the TAs hold helpful OH and the TAs lead really great exam review sessions!
3.5 : It's a pretty dry class, but wasn't too bad. Lectures were pretty boring though. I never read the book and managed a 3.7, but I feel like if I did I would've gotten a better grade. Working with stats in Excel was kinda cool. Overall not much work required but pretty dull.
5.0 : Super easy class as long as you actually try. Do the readings, study for tests, and see if you can study using old tests of hers. At least a couple questions will show up on your exam from past ones. She is super helpful too! I've never had a professor volunteer to come to their student's study sessions outside of class that aren't organized by UW
5.0 : So far one of my professors I've had at UW. Her tests are very straightforward, and she keeps lectures interesting. She has a nice sense of humor, very enthusiastic about what she teaches, and I looked forward to going to her class every day.
4.5 : I liked Professor Pickrell a lot! Research methods is not the most interesting topic in the field of psychology, but it does serve a purpose and Pickrell does her best at teaching it. The HW assignments were lengthy, but if you start early and follow guidelines, you'll be fine. Tests are completely fair. Action points require attendance.
4.0 : This course was so dry and so boring that I could barely get myself to study most of the time. But, Dr. Pickrell and the TAs always tried their best to make the homework useful, exams straightforward, and lectures engaging.
4.0 : Extra credit saves you for .3 of your grade. She is very clear in what she teaches and brings in a lot of anecdotes but everything she says just comes from the textbook. You also have to read the textbook for the online homework. So you don't really have to attend class if you read the chapters.
5.0 : Best teacher ever. Lecture is clear and interesting. Tests are easy and you can get up to 0.3 point extra credit. Got 4.0 for the class.
5.0 : Let me tell you about Professor Pickrell. She is one of the nicest and caring teachers I have ever met. If I ever needed help I was able to e-mail her directly. If you go to her office hours, you will be pleased with the in-depth knowledge she has as well as her ability to help you with the coursework and exam prep.
5.0 : Professor Pickrell is one of the better lecturers/professors I've had. She explains things really well, however she only focuses on big topics that need to be discussed. Make sure you read the textbook and take notes on it as well. Do the extra credit in her class, take notes during her lectures, ask questions when necessary, and you'll 4.0
5.0 : Very knowledgeable professor, loved her classes. She is very funny and cares about the grades of students. Definitely recommend it.
5.0 : Super nice and helpful and gives a lot of bonuses, but that doesn't mean you don't need to study. She's fun as well!
4.0 : She's awesome. Very interesting lectures, and she is just an interesting person in general!
4.5 : Professor Pickrell is a genuinely good person. As a result, she cares about your grades--sometimes even more than you do. Lecture material is dry, but her investment and enthusiasm add life to it. Exams can be tricky, though; make sure you know the material well. Homework is easy points.
5.0 : Funny and definitely invested, knows he topic and gives tons of examples for the terms. The tests are definitely related to the lectures, so if you go to class you'll be totally fine. She has participation points! Worth taking.
4.5 : Mad respect for her offering to personally help out individual study groups during finals week. Not a lot of profs, especially ones in charge of large lectures, offer their time like that. She's a good professor either way, really makes the concepts clear.
4.0 : If you need to take 209, definitely take it from her! Not the most fun or easiest material but she understands that and compensates with extra credit. Genuinely cares that her students succeed and makes sure they learn without having to worry about grades. Must-have professor.
5.0 : AMAZING PROFESSOR, VERY HELPFUL, NICE, AND GREAT TEACHER! EXAMS ARE HARD BUT SHE PREPARES YOU FOR THEM VERY WELL! A+
4.0 : Tests are harder than expected. She's a super nice person. What annoyed me the most was that even though she read off the slides she wouldn't provide them. So you went to class and copied down the slides instead of her providing them and then you could listen actively during class.
5.0 : She is so nice I recommend only taking psych 101 with her! She screen casted the lectures online which was SO helpful because her lectures are packed-full of info. The tests are a little tricky, all are multiple choice. Tons of extra credit and help provided. Loved this class and so interesting!
4.0 : The class was harder than expected. It is not an easy 4.0, but i managed to obtain a 3.5 with medium effort. It is A LOT of textbook reading, that is basically where you will find all the answers to the tests.
4.5 : Pretty interesting class and teacher! She records her lectures in case anyone has to skip, but I'd recommend going to all of them because she often leaves little tips about questions that are going to be on the exam. Also, do the extra credit! If you can earn up to .3 credits, why not do so?
5.0 : This class is awesome! I hardly touched the textbook and just studied her lecture notes/examples used in class. Do the extra credit and you will 4.0 it!
5.0 : easy class. just read the chapters the night before the test.
4.5 : I didn't even have to buy the textbook for this class, and I still found the material very easy. Obviously because I didn't have the textbook, I had to go to class, but I actually enjoyed her lectures. The tests were really easy too.
3.0 : Pretty easy class if you just show up and study for the test. Kinda boring lecturer but there's a lot of opportunity for extra credit and the tests are straight forward. Definitely knows her stuff!
5.0 : Spector is a really good teacher. The majority of her lectures are her reading off the powerpoint and then expanding on those ideas verbally which is a format that worked well for me. The tests were not hard if you came to lecture everyday and paid attention. I received good scores just by attending lecture without doing the reading.
5.0 : Even though the class was all lectures, the lectures were not boring at all , they were actually really interesting. She was one of the nicest teacher ever, you feel really comfortable. She really knows what she is talking about, she answers all the question students ask. She just might be the teacher that makes you go for a psychology major.
5.0 : One of my favorite profs so far. Lectures aren't mandatory but I still go everyday. She is engaging and funny, and I can tell she cares a lot about her students. She clearly knows what she is doing. She's also pretty woke. Overall, she's adorable and I wish she was my grandma.
4.5 : Amazing professor. I personally enjoyed coming to her lectures. There were 2 midterms and 1 final. She also has this "action point" setup, which is basically like clicker questions that you turn in at the end of the class for participation points. She's generous with points because she knows that points mean a lot to us! Definitely recommend her!
5.0 : Professor Pickrell genuinely cares about her students' learning and well-beings. Although the materials are a lot and very heavy on vocabulary, she communicates the information through many examples, pictures, role plays, and videos. Her humor is great so lectures are not as boring. She provides many opportunities for extra credit.
3.5 : Extremely organized lectures and class structure. Grading is tough and often subjective. Feels like she's reading from lecture notes, which means she is well prepared, but it doesn't sound like a conversation. Confident in her knowledge. Very friendly.
4.0 : Give  extra credits on tests, assignments and lecturn attendance. Easy to get a 3.5. But for some assignments, it's not easy to get a really high grade since there are plenty of details needed to take care of. Tests are straightforward. The course content is somehow boring, full of concepts,  but some examples used for explanation are interesting.
5.0 : Professor Pickerel is the most genuine professor I've ever had. She's an expert on the material and gives many examples and videos. She genuinely wants her students to succeed and provides many opportunities for that to happen. Her lectures are online, so you don't have to come to class but she gives out extra credit if you're there.
5.0 : I really enjoyed going to lecture everyday. She made class interesting.
5.0 : Loved the class and would take again in a heartbeat. Very straightforward and lots of opportunities for extra credit. A really good, witty teacher.
5.0 : Her name is actually Jacqueline Spector (she just got married). She's an amazing lecturer that provides tons of examples for psychology concepts that make them easily stick in your memory. Attending lectures, taking notes, and reading the textbook is sufficient to pass the class. There's lots of extra credit offered as long as you attend lectures.
4.5 : I really enjoyed this professor! She's a very nice person and great lecturer. There is lots of reading for the class, but it's all interesting. She turns off the mic often, so make sure you attend class, and she also occasionally gives an extra credit point to people in class. Class is easy and interesting, would definitely recommend to take.
5.0 : Dr Pickrell makes it very easy to succeed in her class. The format of her 355 class is set up using the very same psych principles you learn in it - she gives you quizzes every monday that you can't skip-  but your grade will thank you in the end and if you worked for it! Be ready to work but also actually learn the material.
5.0 : She genuinely wants you to learn the material. Her lecture slides are extremely comprehensible, her lectures add great supplementary information, her exams are straightforward, and she gives out extra credit for additional incentive!
4.5 : Had Dr. Pickrell for Psych 101 and definitely recommend her. There are 3 tests, non cumulative. There is also online work. Random days she'll award a "participation point" if she sees  a lot of people don't show up which allows you room to miss a point on a test. Read your notes and show up for lecture and do the extra credit studies and you'll 4.0
5.0 : Phenomenal lecturer, simply amazing. She knows how to capture students' attention and make tricky psych concepts stick in your brain with awesome examples. Her first and last exam (final) were easy but beware of the second (avg. was 33/40). Go to lecture for extra credit, specifically on days when attendance is low (W Day, Halloween...)
4.5 : Hands down the best professor  I've had so far.  Impossible to fail but you do need to work a little for an A.  Homework is a large part of your grade but its participation based.  Also, every psych 101 class offers up to 0.3 extra credit if you participate in a few psychology studies. You won't regret taking her class.
5.0 : The best professor!!! Super interesting lectures with great explanations and examples. The homework is really easy and it's just for participation; make sure you don't forget to do any of it because it's worth a pretty big part of your grade since there's not a lot of total points! Also, there's a few EC opportunities just for being in class :)
3.5 : The reading for this class wasn't required, but I felt that it helped to do the reading that went with the lectures and do the online activities too. Occasionally she offers extra credit in the lecture, and you can also participate in psych studies outside the class to get extra credit. Multiple choice tests and the final was not cumulative :)
5.0 : The demonstrations she made are really helpful in understanding and memorizing the concepts. The lectures were engaging and also really fun. I enjoyed her class a lot.
1.5 : Super disappointing! I love the material and he initially seemed really funny but was actually pretty unhelpful and rude when you talk to him one-on-one. Buy a textbook and study as much as you can on your own/with friends.
2.5 : The professor makes this course as horrible as possible, i experienced the first exam and the average grade is 1.4GPA.. You can have a try if you don't care about your cumulative gpa.
4.5 : Prof Bergantz is a hilarious dude. I was in his 311 class and then took his volcanoes class simply because of how damn funny he is. In 311, I thought he did a great job of teaching the lecture material but the labs were not well explained. If you dont know MATLAB, you will struggle at first. Overall though, not too hard to do well.
5.0 : Got a 3.9 in his class. Professor Bergantz was a great lecturer. Lectures were straightforward, and slides always posted online. Study tip is to reread the lecture slides, they are not long. I probably made it to 2/3 of the lectures, this class isn't hard unless you totally blow it off and don't know how to study.
5.0 : Bergantz was probably one of the best teacher's I've ever had. He made the lectures entertaining, and I'd recommend going to lectures even if they're early. The tests are are difficult if you don't know what's been in lecture. Total gem, funniest class I have taken
5.0 : Volcanoes are completely fascinating and his lectures made them 100x better! Tests were hard but his lectures were clear so if you went to lecture or watched them online you could get above a B. He's fun to listen to and makes jokes while also teaching. Take a class if this guy's your teacher!
4.5 : Professor Bergantz is very enthusiastic during his lectures and it makes the overall class experience more positive.  His slides are organized and easy to understand. His lecture slides and lecture videos are accessible online if you are unable to go to lecture. Definitely review lecture slides/notes for exams. No final. Extra credit opportunities!
3.5 : There was an exam about once every 7 days which was stressful but preferred as each covered less new material. She assigns online homework using one of the best platforms I've ever used. I really enjoyed her class and her energy and wish she was teaching more classes I needed. Don't fear early morning classes, she's energetic and excited to teach.
5.0 : I took the entire general chemistry series with Kim, she's the best prof! She's really helpful during office hours-- definitely go to her office hours! Chemistry will make a lot more sense! You can tell she loves chemistry and she'll make you love it too. She's super funny and her lectures are amazing.
5.0 : Kim knows her stuff very well seeing how passionate she is about chemistry. Exams shouldn't be too hard if you read over discussion session worksheets and POGIL questions (it's not completely useless). She doesn't curve and the highest you can really get is a 3.9 so don't expect a 4.0 in her class. Only downside? Online HW is a pain.
5.0 : Dr. Gunnerson is great. She's funny and she makes her lectures interesting with cool stories. While attendance is not mandatory, you'll want to show up to get POGIL points. ALEKS, the homework platform uses, is crappy, but do it for points. Take notes from the book to supplement her lectures. Again, you'll learn a lot if you work for it.
4.0 : Attendance is optional, but missing one lecture is like missing 25% of whats going to be on the test. Her humor is amazing and she is really understanding if you go and talk to her in office hours.
4.5 : DO YOUR HOMEWORK
5.0 : Kim is funny, caring, passionate about her lectures and really knows what she's teaching. Miss a lecture before an exam and you will miss a lot of what will be on it. ALEKS hw is terrible, but she gives you full credit if you finish most of it! Chem is hard, Kim will be there for you.
5.0 : Kim is literally your average college professor. Majority of your grade rides on your exams, which is 60% of your grade to be exact. She really makes your work hard for your grade. But, Kim is a great person and really wants you to know the material and will make strides to make sure you know it. The rigor of her course is worthwhile in the end!
5.0 : You can tell she knows the material thoroughly and explains things in multiple ways so students understand. Her analogies are both hilarious and informative. Definitely need to go to class, participate, study, and do homework to be successful though. Very helpful when you ask questions.
4.5 : The exams are fair. If you don't show up to class and skip discussion, you better be doing very well on the exams because will fail. For homework, she uses an online system called Aleks, and it is annoying, but she gives you a 100% on each homework, if you get at least 80% of the topics in Aleks completed.
5.0 : Kim gunnersons chem series was the hardest sequence of classes I've had in my life, however it was been an awesome experience. She knows her stuff, is hilarious and caring. She gives great feedback on exams, and once you know how she runs things, it gets easier! One of the best classes I've taken.
3.5 : She is tough! She expects a lot and teaches a little differently than other chem instructors, so if you take her, do it from the beginning of the series if you can. Her class is a real challenge, and she is sometimes intimidating, but she is a nice person and good lecturer and keeps it mostly interesting.
5.0 : Kim Gunnerson is the best teacher I have had overall. Her class isn't easy, she makes you work for it. As long as you go to class and pay attention you will do fine. She helps A LOT in her office hours so I would suggest those. Other than that she is hilarious and makes her lectures fun. Can't brag enough about this teacher. THE BEST!
2.0 : Her lectures was not at all helpful. She would explain things too quickly &amp; kind of expect us to know what to do. sometimes she would even get mad at us for not knowing. The Pogil thing was useless, &amp; did not help with the exams at all. Neither did the discussion sessions, it was always a week ahead, &amp; not what we were learning in class....
3.0 : She makes you practice problems in a POGIL book, but it doesn't have answers and she doesn't go over them. She lectures half the time, gives you participation points for clicker questions (even if you get them wrong), and there's quite a bit of quizes and exams that are kind of hard. Definitely need to read the book, do homework, and study a lot.
4.5 : She keeps the class fun, funny, and engaging. She's very accessible during work time and has answers to any questions that may come up during lectures, tangents included. If you're not afraid of working for your keep, she will become your new favorite professor
3.0 : I have 143 with Kim and while it seems others like her lectures, I hate them. I feel like when its most important she jokes around and tells semi-irrelevant stories in class when she could be teaching what we need to know for the test and explaining it better. She skims whats important. I was a Chem major but now Im switching to business.
1.0 : Hardest class I've ever taken. lecture is minimal compared to what will be on the exam. Even if you read the entire chapter straight from the textbook, do all the study review, and all of the massive amounts of ALEKS she has assigned for the chapter, prepare to fail anyway. Average grade on her exams is almost always FAIL, or very close to it...
5.0 : Amazing Professor! If only she could teach all of the Chem classes. She's really enthuastic about the topic and will go above and beyond to help you understand. The online hw is a lot but it really prepares you for her exams. If you attend class, go to discussion, and do the hw you'll be fine.
4.0 : She is by far one of the best science professor's I've ever had. She explains concepts so well, and in ways that help you better understand them. She's straightforward, and she's absolutely hilarious, so lectures aren't boring.
3.0 : This was my first programming class and I struggled with it. We used the program Alice  and it was just hard to program and the rubrics for projects were out of this world to follow. Willing to help but doesn't know how to help when asking a question. 4 total projects with one presentation of project4. 8 weekly pop quizzes online.
5.0 : Kim uses advanced pedagogy and carefully structured metaphors to create lessons and learning that sticks. She is not easy, but chemistry is not easy. Not her fault. Not UW's fault. The universe's fault.
4.0 : This was a fun and easy animation course to help give students a basic understanding of programming. Highly recommended if you want to get into higher level programming courses in the future.
5.0 : Very clear in her expectations, show up and follow directions and you will get an A
5.0 : Extremely humorous, easy grader, just study and you'll have a good time in his class
4.5 : Augie is a great professor. He can be a little awkward but he's always funny and friendly. He really knows his stuff and has realistic expectations for spanish 101. Talking to him is like talking to another student. Introverts beware, however: he puts everyone on the spot at times, and there's a mandatory skit at the end of class.
4.5 : Augie is a beautiful man and a good teacher. The course material can be difficult but he makes it fun and interesting. If you took TSPAN101, 102 is modus operandi except for one thing: instead of a culture project, there is a major project. Basically, making a powerpoint or cue cards in Spanish that will help you with your future job or major.
5.0 : Augie really cares about his students. He makes an effort to engage on a personal level. Answers questions non stop and really tries to help you understand the material. Best professor I've had at UW so far.
5.0 : The stories were interesting and not too long, the homework was actually fun, and the discussions were fun!  One of the best teachers on the planet. Take all the classes you can from him. He genuinely cares about his students and he makes class fun. Show up, do the work, participate, have fun  A.
5.0 : I LOVE Augie! I originally registered for 101 and 102 because I needed language credits, but with some encouragement from Augie I ended up going straight through and taking 103 as well. He is quite possibly my favorite teacher ever! Augie keeps Spanish fun and interesting, and is willing to go out of his way to help you succeed. Get ready to learn!
3.0 : He's about as average as it gets as far as a professor. Not terrible, not amazing. Study the vocab and you will be fine.
5.0 : He does an amazing job at explaining concepts and he really fosters a love for math. His dry humor also makes his lectures a lot of fun. Homework and tests are extremely difficult, so you really have to put in the work, but none of it felt unnecessary. He's also really good at providing alternative explanations if you seek help outside of class.
4.5 : Material is very attractive. Explanation generally clear. Bernard is an interesting character and makes class time fun.. Depth of coverage is a bit shallow. Grading rules are unclear especially for the final project.
5.0 : His lectures are nothing but clarity (assuming you have taken the prereq classes) - but he always stops and asks the class if something needs further explanation.  If you don't understand something, ask him to explain it.  He's a really good prof.
5.0 : One of the best math profs I've had yet, led me to pursue an AMATH minor. Presentation of concepts was amazing and fascinating. Homework was challenging but he has many times available for office hours during which he is extremely helpful. Exams were similar in difficulty to the homework so be sure to go over all the homework problems before exams.
5.0 : Jenn is so good, if I could take all of the rest of my graduate classes with her, I would. She is not an easy professor, and she pushes students HARD, but her passion for education only motivates me more. It was a pleasure to be in her class, and I look forward to working with her again
3.0 : The good: Professor McCollum is a very nice lady.  The bad: She grades differently than most professors; Forums were 5% each and she requires MANY responses to other students. Papers were only worth 15% and she copied my self-assessment as her own feedback to me. She taught me absolutely nothing. Perhaps teaching online isn't for her.
3.0 : Incredibly boring professor. He puts asleep half of the class every morning, as his tone never changes. Midterm and final are not hard, but you have to keep up with the readings if you wanna get a high grade. Though he grades quite high in his papers.
5.0 : I have taken many classes from Professor Hollmann. He has an extensive knowledge on the subject, and if you show interest, you will learn a lot. Attendance certainly matters, even though he is a generous grader. Perhaps if some students could stop checking their Facebook messages every 10 seconds, they will find his lessons quite interesting.
5.0 : 8:30 classes are always rough but Christina was amazing. She's such a lively professor and you can definitely tell she loves what she does. Content is super straightforward and she doesn't try to trick you on tests. You can honestly never go to class, study a few days before the midterm/final, and easily get a 3.8+.
5.0 : I love her shes the best. Test are straight forward and easy , not tricks!
5.0 : Christina is great! She's always in such a great mood and is super nice. The lectures are fun in my opinion, especially when we have guests and demonstrations. Overall, a very easy class that I would definitely recommend for VLPA credit! (:
3.5 : Okay professor. She is very enthusiastic even at 8:30 in the morning. Only thing I didn't like about her class was that she took FOREVER to grade tests. I went to office hours and she never seemed to be available, she was always working with graduate students. In the end, I became a folk music fanatic.
5.0 : It's been over a year since I took this class and I still find myself looking back on it fondly. The material is fun and interesting and Christina is still one of my favorite professors ever. She's honestly an incredible person.
5.0 : Christina is an excellent person and professor. She is so enthusiastic about what she does and she cares about her students. Would recommend a class with her.
5.0 : Very recommended for VLPA! The class was pretty easy. As long as you do the assignments, attend the lectures, and study for the quizzes, you'll get good grades. Christina is very passionate about the subject. She's very kind and helpful!
5.0 : She was very energetic and enthusiastic! Her grades were based on 1 midterm, 1 listening quiz, a final and performance report. Study the powerpoint. Exams had lots of dates on it but overall, if you go to lecture, pay attention, it'll be pretty easy!
4.0 : Best English teacher to take at Highline. We had 3 short books (non text books) which was awesome and maybe like 3 other articles we read. The rubric wasn't very clear on the response papers/ finals besides the general (need to have x amount of pages, x amount of sources). He is willing to work with you and really help you out as long as you ask.
4.0 : He's a good teacher, that cares a lot about effort. good effort a good, grade simple as that. Be ready to read in this class, but Its nothing crazy p.s. he's kinda cute ;)
4.5 : Great professor. He was one of the best.
4.0 : Fun for an English class!  It is important to be present and participate.  Put time and effort in class. Very approachable and helpful.
5.0 : He is a nice person who covers a many different subjects to explain how to approach writing which make his class enjoyable and gives informative feedback on your essays which helps out nicely.
4.5 : He's a really engaged professor, who truly cares about English and good writing. You can see his passion when he talks about the books we discussed in class and I wish all English teachers were this passionate! Overall doesn't give a whole lot of "rules" to follow when writing though, I wish we focused more on practice.
4.0 : I had a very good experience in his class. We read a lot but it wasn't an overwhelming amount, and the books were fairly interesting. Your grade is based greatly on participation in class, so be prepared to show up. He shows a lot of enthusiasm for english and writing, and uses many different methods of communicating concepts. A very good teacher.
4.5 : I was nervous about this class because it was my first art history class and there wasn't a textbook or power-points to fall back on. However, Stuart was very clear and made sure to define any names or ideas that the class may or may not be familiar with, and was very helpful overall. Nice guy, good lectures, and good transition between topics.
4.5 : Inspirational and charming. The class is fast paced but you learn to appreciate art in Lingo's class. You might fall asleep more than usual however because his voice is gentle and slides are shown in the dark.
5.0 : Professor Lingo does an amazing job teaching the material. He is able to take a relatively dry subject and make it incredibly interesting and compelling. The only downfall is he teaches on background and historical significance of the artwork then the majority of points on the test are memorizing the name, date, artist and medium.
4.0 : He is really excited about everything he teaches which makes a possibly dry class much more interesting to listen to. He is awesome! They recently made this class a writing credit though so it was much more work than I thought it would be. Two 2 page papers, one 4 page paper, one midterm, one final, three discussion assignments and two quizzes.
4.5 : Professor Lingo is the best! ArtH 202 just got changed to a writing credit, and it seems like because of that, the class got a lot easier! I loved his class, and would gladly take another from him. He's tough, but hilarious! Sometimes he'll even act out the artwork for you. Study hecka for tests! You can't start the night before and succeed
4.0 : funny guy, super laid back, pretty easy class. not really worth it to buy the $100 book IMO. the TAs really helped. well organized class.
4.5 : Super engaging lectures and very straight forward. Since the class is now a W credit, he focused on rewarding improvement, which made it much easier. I never read the textbook at all, his lectures are all you need to know for the tests. It was helpful for terms, but if I retook the class I wouldn't buy the book, because you can use google for terms
5.0 : Best teacher ever! I really love his vivid demonstration and explanation of some details of an artwork.
4.0 : Professor Lingo is great! He is so enthusiastic about renaissance art and is able to make the subject very interesting. This class has a writing credit so there were a few papers and two midterm quizzes. He tells you exactly what is on the midterm so it is easy to prepare.
2.5 : pure memorization. dont take the class if you CANNOT memorize everyday. do practice breakdowns at the end of each chapter in textbook. do the easy work for extra credits. class is boring, but easy 4.0 if you can memorize everyday. homework assignments are time consuming and useless, I personally think, so dont spend too much time on those.
5.0 : Honestly my favorite professor. Really inspired me decide to get into the Construction Management program. Show up, do your readings, and participate a little bit, you'll make out just fine. Even helps his students find jobs through his contacts in the industry, which is difficult for sophomores with little to no practical experience.
5.0 : Really nice and funny guy. jokes a lot during class, and his lectures are interesting. He takes the time to learns everyone's names; he definitely cares about his students.
5.0 : He doesn't "take attendance" necessarily, but if you regularly skip you won't know what is going on. 3 quizmidterms, a research paper, and a final. Simple as that. You watch movies half of the Fridays during the quarter. He obviously knows what he is talking about from years of experience, and brings in guest lecturers from the industry.
4.0 : Probably my new favorite professor! Fits humor and personal experiences into every lecture, makes paying attention easy. Engaging, EXTREMELY knowledgable on construction management, passionate about the subject. Just make sure you go to class. Lectures contain important info for tests that you wont be able to find anywhere else. He's an easy grader
5.0 : Funny guy, and a great lecturer. Knows his stuff from years of experience. Go to class, info that isn't in the book is covered in lecture that he loves to put on tests. Definitely would take again. Do the work, go to class, and you'll come out with a 3.7+
5.0 : Would definitely take Len's class again! Humorous, interesting guest lecturers and there were movies like every other friday. Grading scale is a bit steep though. Everyone did pretty well on quizzes and papers but the class median was a 3.0.
5.0 : Len is the man. Makes his class interesting and fun. You really need to go to lecture as he barely uses the text book on tests but if you are engaged and somewhat prepared you will do just fine. Homeworks are tough and take time but really force you to learn the materials.
5.0 : He always expects too much from the students but, in the same time, you can see that you learn a lot. Some HW problems seem super tough at first, but by going to the office hours you will see how to find your way through. He loves the active interaction with students and thinks about students' learning much more than grading stuff.
4.0 : Tries really hard to help you and communicate well with students.  Had trouble balancing homework load when I took this class, some weeks were literally impossible to complete the work, other weeks weren't so bad.  He hadn't taught it in a while and I'm sure this would be better in the future.  It was difficult but I got a lot out of the class.
4.0 : Would not recommend this class
4.5 : His sense of humor is awesome. Extremely nice guy who really wants his students to succeed. Final lab practical was pretty tough, but other wise exams were straight from his study guide. Best Professor at UW. Im disappointed I did not find out about him until my senior year
5.0 : You don't even have to know anything about mycology before taking his classes and you'll do well. Just keep up with labs and you'll get a high grade easy. Joe keeps the material interesting and works with everyone to make sure they're on track. The class only has a midterm, a final, and final lab notebook. Definitely a laid back and enjoyable class
4.0 : One of the best professors in the Biology department. Biology 442 includes a field journal, lab notebook, and a final presentation. If you put in the effort, can get a very high grade in the class. He is very engaging and makes the subject of mushrooms very interesting.
2.0 : Joe is one of the rudest teachers I have had. He will call you out for leaving lab early (even though you've already finished), threatens to fail you, talks down on you and is honestly no help at all. I haven't been this confused in class since I've been in the biology program at UW.
5.0 : Very caring teacher. Truly wants the students to learn, and if he thinks the students don't understand something, he'll assess it. Fridays are important. Use the study guide- majority of test Qs. Labs are interesting, and not too strict on drawings. Overall- would recommend
5.0 : He has a VERY dry sense of humor so I think a lot of students who aren't in tune with that don't respond well to him but I found him to be a great instructor. He's extremely knowledgeable and his classes are pretty engaging given the complexity of fungus systematics. He ads a personal touch to the course material that makes it memorable.
5.0 : Elizabeth Sundermann is one of the reasons why going to the UW is so enjoyable. She is a very kind and caring person. She explains everything you need to know to get a good grade out of the class. The weight load for her class is more then reasonable and always helps you. I have taken her classes three times and hope there will be more to come.
5.0 : I have taken all but two of her classes (I didn't need them) and she was my thesis advisor. She gives lots of opportunity to work on papers until you get it the way you want itit should be. She is not all power mad like so many are. Always listens, is helpful, makes time. ANSWERS EMAIL! Take her if you can! No regrets.
5.0 : Prof. Sundermann is very clear about her expectations, and also keeps the material interesting. She is also very willing to help students, and you can tell she really enjoys what she does. She does assign a lot of work, so as long as you attend class regularly and keep up on assignments you'll get a good grade. She's one of my favorite teachers!
5.0 : Good power points.
3.0 : The video production was fun but the beginning of the quarter was lecture heavy and dull. There are two tests and a few papers which were straight to the point but he is a tough grader.  No one knew their grade till basically the end of the quarter and it turned out to be lower than expected.  This stopped me from moving on to the advanced class.
4.5 : I really liked this class with David Coon. His knowledge on Tim Burton and David Lynch was incredible, very informative. Long readings, but all online through the library, which is a plus. He's very thorough in lecture, so I sometimes skimmed through the longer readings. He's really funny too, quirky sense of humor. You'll like him!
4.0 : This class was super interesting and helpful - really opens up your eyes to advertising techniques. He's a good teacher and helpful. Textbook is meh, and his 2 tests (essay questions) are HARD.. thankfully they were take-home. One easy in-class presentation and a couple "discussion starters." Just show up, READ, do the homework, and you'll be fine.
5.0 : I loved this class!  I didn't know anything about improv before this class and I was nervous to take it, but soooo glad I did!  David encouraged everyone to be creative and made sure we felt safe trying new things.  He expects you to put in a lot of effort, but he also helps you build your confidence taking risks in front of a group.
4.0 : This class was my "backburner" David covers what you need to know in lecture. His class was easy. Im not into film so it was kinda boring. If you like Tv you will love film 272. Participate matters, but you can do it all via canvas. I could have skiped every day (but tests) and made a 3.0He offers extra credit, and is VERY fair and "down to earth"
4.5 : This is the second class I've taken with David as my professor and he is incredibly knowledgeable about the material.  At times, I wish he had chosen more entertaining films to show that would've worked to reiterate each chapter we worked on for the week.
5.0 : Gutierrez is perhaps the best teacher I ever had. You have to do a lot of writing for his class and attendance is extremely important. He is not particularly an easy grader but he grades on improvement, so if you work hard, you'll get a good grade. He is really good at improving his students' writing and is very helpful.
4.5 : I was having a bit of a hard time with the quarter I took this class because of some health issues and I felt guilty for not being a good student in this class so I really appreciate his willingness to help. Class is well structured and you really work through the basics of writing. Interesting subject matter as well. Always very smartly dressed.
4.5 : A very cool person that likes to talk interesting topics.
4.0 : He talks a lot, and he asks some questions that can be understood by students.
4.0 : Brian is extremely smart so he is sometimes difficult to understand. That being said, he is a fairly easy grader and adds points if you improve. Brian is always willing to help and will look over anything you ask him to. Super easy to succeed if you actually try.
5.0 : She's just simply amazing. The most memorable class Ive ever taken at the University of Washington. She made college more fun and she tries to build a community.  She is so nice and she understands what each student need. I really love her class.
3.0 : She Is a nice woman but sometimes she can be very dull. I am a art history major and I find the topic also to be dull. IF your interested in Native American Art, this class is for you, if not, prepare to be bored
4.5 : She is a really knowledgeable professor, and she really knows how to approach the material. Bringing in guest speakers and picking readings done by actual Native peoples was really beneficial. It's hard to know what to take notes on sometimes, and if you miss class there's no real way to recover the content. So go to lecture and pay attention!
5.0 : she is a great professor and an inspirational person. I've never been a fan of art classes, but hers it great. I actually found myself interested in the things she was talking about, which i can't say for my other art professors.
5.0 : I love Katie Bunn-Marcuse! She is such a great professor and I'm so glad I got the privilege to learn from her!
5.0 : The course material wasn't super easy, but prof. Katie Bunn-Marcuse sure made it a good class! Believe it or not, I actually found myself enjoying art for once (coming from an engineer). I would definitely recommend her class!
5.0 : I've taken a couple of Katie's classes, and every time I'm surprised by how helpful, caring, and just good of a person she is.  She's always been there for me. Everyone should take her class!!!
5.0 : The class is terrific!  The Prof.  actually asks the class to participate in course objectives and  exam questions.  She is passionate about her topic but has a great sense of humor.  Her reference points at times are hilarious! She is genuinely interested in the perspectives of her students and is accessible.   She brings in great guest lecturers.
3.0 : The class wasn't quite what I expected, given I took is as a requirement. Some days its very interested and other days it feels as though we are there just to take up time. Class was overall easy and the professor cares a lot about what she's teaching so she makes a seemingly dull subject a lot more lively. Best recommended for the required class.
4.0 : I loved taking her Native art history class because she was so passionate about the material that it made me get excited to come to each lecture. The way she included the whole class in discussions made everything much more interesting.
4.0 : Katie Bun-Marcuse is an excellent scholar, and very passionate about her work. This class will turn Art History on its head- I highly recommend it for the Tribal Core! She brings in a great group of guest lecturers, and her assignments are inventive.
2.0 : I went into this class thinking that it would be interesting, but was very disappointed by the course content and way it was taught. I feel like I honestly didn't learn anything, and the few times I felt like class was worthwhile was when it was a guest lecturer teaching us. I wish i dropped this class before it was too late.
5.0 : Professor Bunn-Marcuse is an excellent teacher, very passionate about her classes and caring towards her students. I learned a lot from her, she does a good job presenting information in an objective way that gets the point across in an effective manner, even if the lecture is about something that is difficult to discuss.
4.0 : While the class content was pretty interesting, Prof Agol's unenthused voice made it difficult to stay awake sometimes. The work is generally very straightforward. I used a lot of quizlets online to study, and barely used the textbook at all except when the online homework directly cited when it would be useful.
4.0 : Very knowledgeable and seems like a nice guy, lectures can be difficult to stay focused on however
3.0 : The class is pretty straight forward; I'd recommend studying for testsquizzes, but they're not impossibly hard. Eric is a great guy, but his lectures are very dry.
4.0 : Professor Agol is nice, if a little shy. He will help students who reach out to him. Lectures are mostly clear, but also kind of boring (it doesn't help that class is 80 minutes long), but you don't really need to go to them because he posts slides w his markings online. I hardly felt the need to use the textbook, I wish I'd just torrented a copy.
5.0 : Dr. Marwick is quite simply an excellent professor! He shows a lot of passion for his lectures and answers any questions in just the right amount of detail. What really helps is his accent, which spruces up what could be an extremely droll lecture. Coupled with his humor and he's one of my favorite professors so far at UW.
2.5 : Too much busy work because the teachers knew this class was an easy class that was basically a joke. It was extremely annoying and they grade too hard for no reason
4.5 : Take this if you want an easy, chill class. Watched movies. Online quiz every week but very easy. Quiz sections are chill too. lots of opportunities for extra credit too. I got a 99.9% in the class without much effort.
5.0 : he is really good
5.0 : Professor Bilgen is by far one of the best professors I've had at UW in all my four years. He makes physiology easy to understand and presents the information very effectively. Would love to take his class again but haven't found any of his classes that works with my schedule. Professor Bilgen is the reason why I'm a physiology major.
5.0 : Day one of class I mistook him as the real life version of Patrick Bateman. I suppose this was exacerbated by the large plastic sheets he had lining his office when I attended his office hours. He said it was to keep the cats off the furniture, but I was dismayed by the lack of any cats in the room. But other than that, his class was fantastic.
5.0 : Such an inspirational and supportive professor. I've never felt more connected to a member of faculty at UW. His classes were so powerful and interesting, which is really helpful because usually they were over 3 hours. I would 140% recommend working with him!
5.0 : Awesome professor. Not a hard grader. Just do your work and you will receive an A.
5.0 : Professor Cote is great!!! She is not tough grader. If you do your readings, you will get an A. Yes, you have to write good essays. She is always ready to help.
3.0 : Not the difficulty or complexity level appropriate for 400-level, material became extremely repetitive very quickly. Important topic, good material, but poorly structured class time and poorly led discussions.
4.0 : I loved this class! I just took it as a Freshman and had no difficulties taking it. I do recommend reading all the required materials and attending all the lectures. If you do all of that and write clear, on topic essays, it should be an easy A.
5.0 : Ed has changed my life. Taking this class Winter Quarter has given me a new perspective as to why things are the way they are.
4.0 : He's a really nice professor and clearly teaches this class because he cares. But it's easy to get bored of discussing rather basic things outside the scope of our class. At least 4 (hour-long) lectures have been entirely dedicated to the various aspects of academic/scientific misconduct. Important, sure, but I signed up to learn about glaciers...
5.0 : Ed is an intelligent, inspirational scientist who is very passionate about his research. He is easy-going, modest, and has a great sense of humor. Coursework is relatively easy but you must attend lecture everyday. There are short homework assignments due every class and participation points every lecture. Interesting, relaxed lectures, great prof
5.0 : This class is definitely a GPA booster, trust me when I say this class is easy. He is a really nice professor and is passionate about what he teaches. He gives you the test questions beforehand and sets up study sessions so that you can discuss answers with classmates. NO FINAL AND YOU CAN TURN IN LATE ASSIGNMENTS. LOVE THIS GUY. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
4.5 : Ed is honestly one of the best professors I have ever had. It is obvious that he loves his job. He cares that you learn and doesn't mind if you turn in assignments or labs late. His tests are easy because he gives you 6 questions in advance and randomly chooses 3 to be his tests. No final. Take this class. I love Ed.
5.0 : Don't trust the reviews on here that say this class is super easy. There are daily homework assignments, weekly labs, 2 exams, a group project, and an essay. The work is easy but there is a lot of it and you have to stay on top of your game. It helps that Ed is an awesome professor and great guy. Class material is very interesting, would recommend
5.0 : 431 is pretty easy. Sort of a show and tell of different aspects of polar science and glaciology. Ed is a great dude. A bit quite and shy, but what scientist isn't.  He is really nice, and a renowed scientist. Take this class, and make an effort to get to know Ed. You will be doing yourself a favor!
5.0 : I don't understand why some ppl say his lectures are boring. I'd say they are crystal clear and very fun to both science students and other students. The class gives me sense of science and peer collaboration. He is a renowned scientist and very helpful and kind. The class is enjoyable and easy if you try. Take the class or ESS 431 if you can.
5.0 : Simply put, this man is the GOAT
4.0 : Probably one of the easier ECON 4XX classes. He is a great professor and knows what he is talking about. All the notes are posted online and he requires no reading from a textbook. The 2 tests are pretty extensive and ask a lot from the lecture. Overall, a solid class.
4.0 : His specialization is not something that may interest a lot of people like financial economics, but I'd still take his classes because it's easy. I'm local but he's kinda hard to listen to, so pay attention. Exams are easy - not much studying required.
4.0 : very intellectual professor. the class materials require abstract thinking, instead of mathematical calculations, which was why it was difficult for me. lectures are a little hard to follow, due to his old age, he speaks very quietly and mumbles a bit. but he posts his lecture notes online which includes everything he goes through during lectures.
4.5 : Great professor, really interested in his subject (Alien invasions for our class). He goes in depth in his explanations and answers questions really well. Even break time is fun for 2hr classes, although 2 hours does tend to get long.
5.0 : Hands down my favorite professor and class at UW. Though the concepts are really easy to grasp, the exams will trip you up. If you go to lectures and take notes you won't have to worry about keeping up with the textbook. A lot of questions on the exams were exclusively from lectures.
4.0 : If you're applying to business school TAKE THIS PROF FOR LAW!!! Please don't buy book, 1 Midterm (50%)  1 Final (50%) based only off of lectures so you MUST go to every lecture. Tests are extremely straightforward. He makes some funny jokes and is open to any question you can think of. Would take again even at 7:30 AM, it's worth it.
4.0 : Easily one of the most inspirational and influential professors at UW. His lectures are mandatory because they are exactly what he puts on the tests, and he doesn't post anything online. His stories are captivating and he will teach you much more than law, he will teach you useful things you'd actually use as a young adult. Really Recommend
3.5 : He has so much life experience and knowledge, so he's able to fill his lectures with great stories. The materialtests are pretty straightforward, but it's hard to get a good grade (even if you do well) due to the way he curves the class. He also works as a personal injury lawyer, which is why the class is at 7:30. Memorable guygood life lessons.
4.0 : Definitely my favorite professor at UW.  Waking up for 7:30 lecture wasn't bad because the class is awesome.  Learned so much about law and about life.  He's 50% terrifying and 50% awesome.  Loved his class
5.0 : Simply the best professor I've ever had at UW. Is exciting, passionate, and makes you care about what you're learning. Tests are easy if you attend every lecture. Will make 7:30 classes three times a week the most worthwhile class of your day.
4.5 : Marc is awesome. That's the best way to put it. He's a little disorganized, but what he lacks for in organization he makes up for with his intelligence and humor. I have loved every class I have taken from him, and he's great at explaining Developmental Biology. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Very smart and good at answering questions. He knows his stuff and is very helpful when it comes to office hours and helping with problem sets. I love his teaching style because it is a little of everything. Text book, group, lecture, videos, clicker, problems sets, quizzes.
5.0 : Marc is awesome, class was straight forward and everything was fair. Class was pretty hard but it is a 400 level class. Would take again. 3 take home exams, and 3 in-class exams. The final is a presentation.
5.0 : His voice is a little bedtime-story-telling deep and monotone, but the things he's saying are incredible if you can listen past the voice! He was such a good prof, so passionate about his area of expertise. Very easy grader - I highly recommend him!!
5.0 : A lot of readings are assigned, but you don't really need to do them because he goes over them in depth in class. Grade is based on only the midterm and final, but they are not too difficult as long as you pay attention to his lectures. He has a nice accent, very nice guy, can tell he cares a lot about the subject he is teaching.
5.0 : He made lecture interesting because he really cared about the material. He was also easy to talk to if you had any questions.
5.0 : One of the most enjoyable lecturers/prof I've ever had. Lectures parallel readings but even if you missed the readings Prof. Hinds lecture would cover everything needed. Impressively took Classical Greek stories &amp; applied modern day/real world association to them. Always had good puns/jokes to spice up slower lectures. Awesome accent to go with.
5.0 : Hinds was very easy going, you did your assigned readings before class everyday and came and he discussed it, very simple. Only graded on Midterm and Final (40 multiple choice questions)
5.0 : She is awesome.  Very inspiring.
4.5 : She's very approachable and the class is pretty interesting. Her office hours are super helpful. She really cares about the students.
5.0 : The best professor I've ever had in my lifetime. Life changing impact!
5.0 : Besides economics, Professor Nelson is a really nice and personable guy. Well respected by his undergrad students and the Ph.D. students that he supervised. All of his students went on to having fantastic careers.
5.0 : He is an amazing professor. Definitely recommend taking a class of his while at UW.
4.0 : Professor Lucero is a wealth of knowledge and an engaging lecturer. His expertise in Latin American studies lends the class a refreshing perspective on global phenomena, forcing students to question many of their preconceived notions of the    relationship between the global north and south. I would recommend this course highly.
4.5 : Lucero is really interesting and very thorough. His lectures are really fun and engaging, and I actually learned quite a bit from the class. He takes in the classes' feedback as well which is really nice.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Definitely recommend taking a class of his while at UW. Super helpful, lectures don't get boring, great person overall. You learn a lot from the course.
5.0 : One of the best teachers teaching about Latin America. TAKE HIM! His lectures are clear and he often makes jokes. Very helpful in office hours. His readings are all doable and relevant to class material. Everything taught was interesting and the lectures were well put together. Really amazing professor that gives you opportunities to grow
4.5 : Lucero is a great lecturer, always keeps the material fun and throws in funny YouTube videos. Attendance to lecture is not all that important, and neither is quiz section besides a few NY Times pop quizzes. Honestly you only need the text book for a few short papers, Geeds will help with final essay topics. Finished class with 93% and a 3.3.
4.0 : I really liked Prof. Lucero. He was very informative, funny, and made the class very easy to understand. Some of the reading assignments were a bit mundane, but you don't really need to do them to do well in the class.
5.0 : Really good/down to earth person and fun lecturer. Very intelligent and definitely actively left-leaning  in his classes. Makes lectures fun and is really really enjoyable to talk to in OHs. Also has really good macro-level explanatory abilities (i.e. not only specialized knowledge but also more general knowledge).
5.0 : Engaged professor, fair grader, very nice. Class was interesting and workload was a little heavy, but manageable. Allows late work ( with a point deduction), which helps when you have a busy life. Recommended.
4.5 : This teacher took time to give thorough, useful and constructive feedback on papers, was good at making sense of extremely esoteric philosophy, and took genuine pleasure in seeing her students succeed. Also, rating professors for hotness is juvenile.
5.0 : Absolutely wonderful lecturer and very approachable! Lectures were very interesting, clear, and engaging. Very passionate about the subject, and it shows. Provides new perspective on Vietnam Wars and how to study history. Hands down best class and professor. Highly recommend!
5.0 : One of the best UW professors, i recommend anyone take a class with him. There is a lot of reading but I found most of it very interesting. He is also super friendly and helpful.
5.0 : Professor Giebel made me become a history major. He's extremely passionate and knowledgeable about his field of study. This is the best class I have ever taken anywhere. I highly recommend it.
5.0 : This is probably one of my favorite classes I've taken at UW and Professor Giebel has easily become one of my favorite professors. He is very well spoken and is so passionate about this subject. I learned so much about the Vietnam Wars and now have such a complex and deeper understanding of it. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Professor Giebel is amazing, great lectures and a great person; he really cares about whether his students have understood the material or not and is always open for any questions. Participation is mandatory as his tests are taken from the lectures and if you miss a class, you might miss some important material; but he gives some reviews sometimes.
5.0 : Christoph has been my favourite educator I've had in my academic lifetime. His passion is incredibly inspiring.
4.0 : Christoph is very passionate at his teachings. He knows the materials and everything about Vietnam pretty well. Nice guy too. Tests are easy. However, his class curriculum needs to be improved. Doesn't post up grades so basically you don't know until the end. TAs is very vague with feedbacks on essays.
4.0 : (This is for his semester at Cuesta in SLO) Very helpful and will always give you enough information to help you understand everything. Tests are pretty easy and he only assigned a few projects that aren't anything to stress about. Very funny guy and seems like someone that would be cool to get a beer with after the final!
5.0 : He truly cares about the well being of his students and provides great advice on how to be successful.
5.0 : Professor Webster's a really respectable guy. While I can't say too much about the difficulty knowing that it was an experimental course (He said everyone was automatically graded above a 3.3 because of it) I don't think I've ever had such a hilarious and quirky teacher
5.0 : I love Professor Webster. He makes class fun, he sometimes goes off topic in acceptable and entertaining ways, and he's just interesting and great to listen to. Super recommend.
5.0 : Professor Webster is very kind. His class was very easy (1 midterm, 1 online final, and a "portfolio" to turn in at the end. He is an easy grader and is very understanding. His lectures were very interesting and although they got boring at times, I never skipped class because it was so fun! He goes on tangents but they are quite relevant.
3.5 : Professor Ramamurthy is clearly a brilliant woman and I'm sure her teaching style worked for some, but not me. I really struggled to get a grade worse than what I typically receive. Her "take home tests" (which are really just essays) have hard maximums which are, in my opinion, unreasonable. Also TAs grade them and I got virtually no feedback.
4.0 : Ramamurthy is intelligent and charismatic, but her class can be frustrating due to its political bias.She creates strawmen arguments and unfairly characterizes political views which she does not agree with. If you are liberal then you will love this class, but if you are moderate (or god-forbid conservative) then you'll want to rip your hair out.
4.0 : Professor Ramamurthy is funny, kind and a brilliant academic. The readings for this class are dense, but if you really focus on what she's saying in lecture and understand the argument she's making, you don't need to spend too much time on them. Participation matters - if you show interest, she will be interested in you. Great class, subject.
3.0 : The readings in this class are not too long but very dry. There is a lot of writing considering you do not get a writing credit for this class. Make sure to do the readings and take notes in lecture. The essays are graded very harshly.
4.0 : She really cares that the student's analyze the fairy tales, and her grading criteria is clear, just a lot of reading to understand it. Textbook is mandatory to pass, and reading is important as well as attending class. Participation is important, but not mandatory.
4.0 : Delcourt sometimes drags on when lecturing, but all the material she discusses is essential to the course. Her lectures are very clear and she never goes too quickly. She's very friendly and engaging during class time, and she gives help to anyone who asks.
5.0 : Literally just go to class-- take notes on what she says, and that's whats on the test.  Lectures are ESSENTIAL to passing. Only a few essays, not too bad.  Do not just take notes that are on the screen--- take notes on what she says.  The things she says will be things on the tests.
4.0 : Ugh, this professor is draining. He tries way too hard to be a good professor and in turn makes people very uncomfortable. He loves to call you out, even MAKING people come to the front of the class and present your HOMEWORK from the night before without warning. He's not very emotionally intelligent to introverts and overall hated this class.
4.0 : Mrs. Xu was awesome. Sometimes I am frustrated with her when she doesn't post the homework on time for you to turn it in if you want to do it early and you end up just having to wait around until a day before the due date, but she sincerely cares about what you have to say and if you say something that is incorrect, be prepared to explain yourself!
5.0 : Professor Lance Young is one of the best professors I have taken a class from. He truly cares that his students learn, and he expresses his honest opinions about how things should be done. FIN 457 was one of the most useful courses I have taken. I do not write reviews unless it is negative, but I had to give him the 5 star he deserves.
5.0 : Awesome professor
5.0 : I took Lance for FIN457 - (Entre Finance) and it was one of the most useful classes I have taken. The course is only 5 cases (NO other assignments) so make sure you listen to lectures. No need for a book or anything, he and his slides explain everything. Attend, he also grades on participation - ask questions on cases and you'll be fine.
5.0 : I harbor genuine concern for the long-term viability of Prof Young's tooth enamel, based on diet soda consumption; otherwise a phenomenal professor.  Unorthodox and brilliant.  The course moved as quickly or slowly as students needed; no question too basic or angle outlandish; we took diversions and worthwhile focus on practical financial concepts.
5.0 : No exams, just case studies that require you to put some work in prior to class. MOST USEFUL CLASS WITH BEST PROFESSOR. Don't be intimidated at first, stay through the first case and you'll understand how awesome his class is.  I had 0 finance background before taking this class and didn't find it too bad. Find a group to work on projects!!!!!!
5.0 : I think this guy's teaching is totally legitimate, and that's actually quite a rare sentiment from me. He's tough &amp; the material's very challenging, but you come out at the end having actually learned something, and having learned something valuable. His class may go down as having been the most valuable class I will have taken during my time at UW
5.0 : I have a strong finance background so I initially thought that I wouldn't gain much from a core MBA finance class but I was totally wrong.  Lance doesn't focus on his students memorizing equations, instead he emphasizes that his students understand the concepts, which I believe is most important.   His lectures are entertaining and engaging.
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had! Homework is 40%, midterm 20%, final 30%, and participation 10% of the final grade. As long as you attend class and really pay attention you'll surely do fine. Exams are very similar to homework and handouts, but easier. Likes to call out people to answer questions, so be sure to prepare the practice questions assigned.
5.0 : I genuinely looked forward to going to class because of him. He has a very animated presence, which bled into his lectures. He is a rather lenient grader, and his tests are straightforward and largely memorization.
2.5 : Too many key works compare to ARCH 350 and 351. Have two 10 mins quizzes that quiz about the concepts. A lot of little and unclear information that need to be memorized. I don't really enjoy this class overall.
4.5 : It's an urban design studio's supplemental class. If you want to cover all of the urban design and history preserv. theories, just go for it. He is very friendly and very clarified in what he says. The works might be a little bit overwhelming, but it is very worth to learn. At the end of the day, you'll realize you've already memorized them.
4.0 : This is a hard class no doubt, but also very rewarding. Kathryn really makes you think about frameworks, strategy, and consequences. It shows her experience at consulting. This class is for those who are willing to reap and sow. I started out as a relatively weak player, but it was well worth the effort.
5.0 : Take this class. You will improve so many skills if you take the time to embrace the work given and go at it with an open mind. She will push you (and cold call), so be prepared to talk and do your work before you show up. You really do not need a great economics or math background, but public speaking skills certainly help.
4.5 : She's very good at covering the topics of entropy and enthalpy and explains things numerous times in various ways. There are clicker questions so she knows how the class as a whole is understanding and she focuses on the parts that seem to get people in the class a little baffled.
3.0 : She's really really smart, you can tell that just from talking to her but sometimes that can interfere with her trying to teach 122. Overall, good quality, there are definitely worse out there.
4.0 : She teaches like a veteran when it comes to the simple things that seems to eat up time for other professors like clicker questions and grabbing the class' attention.  She can be helpful outside of class but generally stick to office hours for consistent help.
5.0 : Absolutely love Prof. Heron! Her lectures are easy to follow and she is welcome to questions. I love how she writes the notes as she lectures instead of using slides.  She really cares about whether or not you understand the material. Unfortunately, when I was in honors 122 we fell quite behind in the material. 10/10 would recommend this class.
4.0 : you can learn all the content of the class from the prelectures on smartphysics; don't even need to go to lecture. she just goes over the same ideas in class and works a few examples and demonstrations, so it's not even necessary to go to lecture except for clicker points.
1.0 : The worst teacher I have ever seen. The course was a waste of time. Never take courses with Paula, especially if you are a Physics major.
4.0 : I like how she writes out her notes. She does a good job of answering everyone's questions, no matter how bizarre or high-key pretentious they are
5.0 : She is very clear in her lectures, and she always post lecture slides before hand. She is very helpful during office hours, and midterms are not too out of the blue. Overall, a great professor!
5.0 : Tolich has been my favorite professor of the physics (12X) series. She is genuine and makes an effort to keep the material straight forward yet slightly entertaining.  Examples from class pop up on exams and homework, so I highly recommend going to class.
4.5 : She made physics 122 *extremely* easy.  I came in not confident at all and ended with a 3.9.  Her exam questions are just like her clickers, and if you read the whole book and work through the examples you'll do great on the multiple choice and long answer. Tutorial for this class is horrible though.
5.0 : We had two midterms, a final and online homework due every week. Her humor, her personality and lecture style are all so enjoyable. I couldn't think of any reasons why someone wouldn't like her. Study for your exams and know what is expected. i recommend taking her for algebra-based physics. I'm excited to have her for 115 as well.
5.0 : I LOVE HER! Took her class during Fall quater and she was very helpful. She was also very organized so you wouldn't have any problem understanding the lectures as she explained it step by step. I don't know about other class but for this class, if you get more than 80/90% (I don't remember) for assignments and quizzes you'll get full mark for that!
4.0 : Physics is a hard subject, but Tolich made it bearable with her entertaining lectures and sense of humor. The tests were actually pretty reasonable and if you work hard and DON'T fall behind on the material you'll do fine. The practice exams were actually super close to what the real test was like so make sure you nail the concepts on it.
4.0 : She's funny in lectures and provides good help and good explanations. The tests are tough and some of the homework is too but if you go to lecture and the physics study center to ask questions you'll do fine.
5.0 : Dr. Tolich is absolutely hilarious (funniest teacher I've had at the UW). Her tests are easy if you keep up with the work and do the homework. Physics comes easy for me so maybe the class was easier than it should have been. Overall she was a great professor and was extremely clear and entertaining.
3.0 : Very nice lady with a great sense of humor. Can be confusing at times though. Tests are ezpz
5.0 : Kazumi is one of the best professor at UW. I really enjoy her class and she is so humorous. She gave us a lot of demos and helped us understand what is going on here. Expert ta is needed to do homework, homework is easy. There are two midterms and one final. She really wants to help student. I want to continue taking PHYS116 with her!
3.5 : Not a big fan of physics, but a big fan of Dr. Tolich. Really entertaining demonstrations and keeps the class fun. The tests can be rough, but are not impossible. I would take her for all three quarters if I could.
2.0 : Her explanations in class are poor and she is bad at identifying where students might be struggling. I have gone to her office hours and she sits on her laptop instead of readily circling around and helping students like I would expect someone to do during their office hours. She can be funny but that doesn't make up for her poor teaching style.
5.0 : Dr. Tolich was one of the best teachers I've had at UW. Her lecture notes are SO organized and easy to follow. She puts all the important equations on there so you don't really need the textbook. Gives plenty of demos and she works through examples step by step which helps solidify the material. She is pretty funny and really cares if you learn.
5.0 : Tolich was one of the best teachers I've had at the UW. Her accent was easier to understand than her husbands (Nikolai) in general and her awkward humor was a delightful surprise. If I could take another physics class with her I'd do it in a heartbeat.
3.0 : She was funny and entertaining. She made the material less boring but she was sometimes not quite clear and she moves fast. Also, her tests are hard.
4.0 : Physics is not really my favorite course, but she is really nice and wants students to be successful in her class. She makes jokes every now and then, so the class is not boring and dry at all.
5.0 : Excellent. Her lectures are well structured and are hugely entertaining. While she may have an accent, it does not affect her ability in articulating the concepts of the course. Definitely would recommend taking physics with her.
1.0 : She really likes to play tricky stuff on midterm, especially on the mutliple choice questions. The questions in her midterm seems easy, and you think you can get them right perfectly. However, when the score comes out, it really disappoints you. Phys 122 is actually not a hard class, but I do not like her midterms.
5.0 : She's probably the most entertaining lecturer I've had in my four quarters here at UW. She finds ways to make electromagnetism easy to understand, fun, and interesting at the same time. Didn't think I would survive an 8:30 lecture this quarter but it was bearable with her teaching it. :) Definitely take physics with her!
4.0 : Dr. Tolich is hilarious. Her demos are really entertaining and overall she is very charming. Her tests are fairly easy if you practice the exams and assess what you need to know, but her examples and lectures can be a bit fast paced if you're a writer.
3.0 : Entertaining lecturer and really great at explaining things one way, if you need further explanation, youll need to go elsewhere. Do all her additional problems and examples in lectures. Dont expect exams to reflect either of these though. Grades on a crazy curve so dont panic if your grade is low. A tutor is a good idea for this course.
3.5 : Kazumi was a great teacher for Physics 122. The class is traditionally really tough, but she made it seem easier than it typically would be.
5.0 : Professor Tolich is a fantastic teacher. She's available 2 hours a week at office hours, and really wants to help her students learn. Her lectures are interesting and fun, with an emphasis on active learning (with clickers, demos and examples in class). Definitely take Physics with Professor Tolich if you can!
5.0 : Really kind teacher who genuinely cares about the students. She is tough, but fair. Most importantly, she believes in you and allows you to become your best version. Great teacher and encouraging during difficult times when students have so many stresses in and outside of class!
5.0 : Melanie Enderle is the best professor ever. She is brilliant, kind, genuine, passionate about art and she cares about her students. She is a great lecturer; you will learn so much about art!  I wish there were more people like professor Enderle in the world and at UW.
4.0 : My first art history class taken at the uw, was online for summer quarter. You learn a lot without being overwhelmed with homework and assignments. No mid terms or finals. Was really easy when it came to the work load and all the answers to quizzes were in lecture notes. An easy class as long as you read but you also learn a lot. Loved it!!
5.0 : very smart man, knows what hes talking sbout
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers and I'm a math major. Super cool professor. Always willing to help.
5.0 : Clary is a great professor, one of the best in the chem department besides bryant in my opinion. His explanations are very clear during lecture, teaches straight out of the textbook, and doesn't try to bog you down with irrelevant information. Short hw assignments, fair tests. As long as you learn the material this class will be enjoyable.
5.0 : By far my favorite chemistry professor at UW. I strongly recommend going to office hours or going in and talking to him He is extremely easy to talk to and gives great examples and won't move forward until he knows you understand. Do the book problems and review notes always before tests!
5.0 : Very very friendly professor and one of the best in the department! Lectures were clear and concise, and he provides lots of examples in class. Always gives very detailed answers to students' questions. Tests were fair but be prepared to compete with high averages. Highly recommend, take his class if you can!
5.0 : Lectures were the BEST. Never left class confused. Office hours were so helpful. he really takes the time to listen and talk to you about your ?s. Honestly wish he was my teacher for all ochem classes, but I heard since he's not a prof he doesn't get to choose which classes he teaches every quarter. High avgs are the only sad part of his classes.
5.0 : Good Guy Clary. Much knowledgeable. Yes chemistry. Very organic.
5.0 : Really great professor! Clary knows his chemistry and it makes lecture that much more interesting! His tests can be tricky but are good and challenging. Excellent at explaining things and an overall nice guy. I wish he was teaching 239!
5.0 : If you get the opportunity to take Clary, just do it I promise you won't regret it. He is extremely knowledgable, a great teacher, fair on tests, and reasonable on assignments. Such a boss.
4.0 : Very nice guy! His explanations for material was very clear and to the point. Exams were hard but fair and nothing to trick you which was nice. He made it very clear what would be on exams and exactly what he would be looking for in students answers. Overall good class and I would recommend him for chem238.
1.5 : Disorganized, never answers emails, took forever to grade, no suggested readings or class structure, no useful course web site, does sloppy handwritten overhead notes rather than Powerpoint, doesn't let you use a notecard on exams (some ochem profs do), and then we rushed through three chapters at the end because he mismanaged the course schedule.
2.0 : Extremely frustrating class. Never responds to student's emails and doesn't communicate with the TA well so that quiz sections aren't as useful. Practice problems and connect are always posted last minute that even if you do it the night you get it, you won't have enough time to ask for clarifying questions! WOULD NOT RECOMMEND
5.0 : Hands down, the BEST chem professor at the university of washington. Midterm expectations are crystal clear. Minimal homework, and Clary's a fantastic lecturer. Highly recommend taking one of his classes.
5.0 : A gem in the chemistry department, really. I came into the class with a moderate interest in chemistry, but his enthusiasm really solidified my doubts. Sweetest professor ever. He has a genuine interest in teaching students and is very willing to offer help. The only dip is that he does take a while to upload his notes and keys.
5.0 : Clary is a great prof, clear lecturer, and very helpful.  Spend the time working thru all the problems and going over his test prep guides (the tests are straight off the guides, VERY important to pay attention to these).
4.5 : Scott Clary is the man. His lectures are clear and his class is easy as long as you do the homework and understand the material. One downside is he never responded to any of my emails!
4.0 : She is one of the best teacher I have so far at Central Washington University-Lynnwood.
5.0 : She is definitely passionate about teaching. She is very up front and there are no surprised in class. She gives you a study guide for tests, just study the power points. She is awesome!
5.0 : Great lecturer - Great personality - Was fairly easy material
5.0 : He always kept lectures lively with jokes, but they felt long and each lecture repeated a lot of the same material from the previous lecture, so sometimes it felt pointless going to lecture. His tests are tough so you have to study a lot and it helps to study with other classmates. Not super into audiology so this class wasn't that interesting.
2.5 : Lectures are very straightforward to the point of redundancy, which would have been really insufferable if he wasn't so funny. My issue with him was his tests: 80% of the questions were very simple and 20% could be narrowed down to two answers. This made studying sort of pointless because no matter what I would get the same grade.
4.0 : his slides have pretty much all the information you need from lecture and his exam questions are ridiculously hard because you have to remember the tiniest details (i.e. chronological ages). so if you read the book, you will be fine. class assignments were also pretty tough bc there isn't a rubric to follow
4.5 : He is SUCH a nice guy. I didn't think the tests were too bad, he gives study guides so we know what to expect. Just remember the ages of what happens when! He's willing to answer questions, and his assignments are straight forward (even though there isn't a specific rubric, which can be intimidating).
4.5 : Great professor overall! His lectures, although long, were very interesting and I learned a lot about developmental speech and language disorders! You'll need to study a lot for the tests because they are kind of hard.
4.0 : A very very hard class. Good teacher but I didn't feel the class prepared you for his tests well..Made concept maps, re-did the study questions, went to office hours, did the end of chapter blue questions, made note cards, but still fell short.
5.0 : Super nice guy - tricky material
5.0 : Ben is awesome! I'm never one to throughly enjoy attending lecture 5 days a week, but he actually makes me want to be there. There were 5 exams, one every two weeks, so you kind of feel like studying is constant, but the information isn't hard to study for. Definitely recommend for everyone to have Ben as a biology professor at some point in school
5.0 : Ben is easily one of the best professors I've ever had. His lecture style is unusual, in that most of the time is spent asking and discussing questions, and then teaching by giving the answer. He's also just generally fun and funny, and I'd definitely suggest taking any class that he teaches.
1.0 : Worst class I have ever taken. Most unhelpful teacher, knowing lecture material well doesn't mean you'll do well on exams. Do not take his class.
3.0 : Ben is so passionate about what he does, and his lecture are always so interesting, with many real-world examples. My only qualm is that on exams, he is not specific enough when asking you a question, and then he takes off points for things that you probably knew but that you didn't know you had to write.
4.5 : The tests were hard. It requires you to put effort in understanding rather than memorizing. His lecture style is so friendly and open to change that it makes you feel relax and tense at the same time.
5.0 : Favorite prof at UW, no contest. His tests are very hard, and different from any other tests you have ever taken, though they can be frustrating, they really make you learn the material. Dr. Wiggins is very approachable, and strives to make everyone feel included. Dr. Wiggins has a PHD in teaching, and it shows. I can't say enough good things.
5.0 : I do not have the words to express how much of a gem Wiggins is. He is a dream of a prof, is very supportive in our learning, and is incredibly knowledgable in the field. This is a course that reqs a substantial amount of work, but all is well worth it (**low avg!). I owe my new passions for molecular life processes to Ben and his love for teaching
4.0 : Professor Wiggins is by far, my favorite professor at UW. His lectures are very interesting and clear. His level of interest and willingness to help us learn is admirable. Although his tests are difficult, he makes me want to learn more. He inspired me to major in Microbiology. Never knew I could enjoy molecular biology so much.
5.0 : Ben is a great lecturer and is very good about knowing the names of students that come meet with him at office hours, he takes time to get to know the students that take time to go to his office hours and actually talk to him.
5.0 : Best professor at UW. Take his class if you have the chance. Fascinating lectures every day, even if the topic was boring. Ben is funny, friendly, and very encouraging. He never talks down to students even if they say something dumb. He truly values student ideas and wants them all to succeed. All you have to do is study the public exams.
5.0 : Ben is my favorite professor in UW. Miss his Biol200 is definitely a great lost! He cares about how his students learnt and encourage questions. He will remember your name if you attend his office hour. He is humorous which defiantly helped me to understand the concept.  I used to not enjoy molecular biology but now I decided to major in it.
4.5 : Best professor I've encountered here. Respectful, inspiring, and very, very, knowledgeable. Maintains excellent communication with students and expectations are clear. Exams require detail and are difficult. You may very likely leave his class wanting to major in biology or a related field...
5.0 : Ben is 100% the best professor I've had at UW. He's engaging, cares about each student's progress, and overall just knows what he's doing. The difficulty of the course is high, but he's very helpful and approachable. I thought Ben was going to make me excited about bio (he did) but his teaching style actually made me want to pursue education.
5.0 : Ben is the best professor I have had at UW thus far. His office hours are extremely helpful and he will actually attempt to get to know you and remember your name. The class itself is obviously difficult but he made exams very straightforward and it was a pleasure to learn from him. Wish I could take him for Biol 220!
4.0 : Bio 200 with Ben Wiggins was one of the best classes I have taken at UW and he is one of the best lecturers I've had. He clearly cares if students understand the material and is very funny in lectures. He visited us in lab one of the weeks as well. He has alot of office hours for help if need be. There are 5 exams which are pretty tough.
4.5 : An amazing lecturer. He keeps you engaged, is enthusiastic, and really cares if you learn the material or not. I recommend  really pay attention to what he says and lecture and do a lot of practice questions. Use the public exam to YOUR ADVANTAGE.
4.5 : Ben is an awesome teacher. He is very helpful when it comes to understanding tough concepts. I would take advantage of his office hours, and try to really understand HOW he tests and grades. His tests are really tough, but effective.
4.0 : Ben really cares about his students and takes the time to remember your name if you go to office hours. His lectures are really clear and you can tell he really cares about your learning and is really passionate about biology. However, the class is graded based on a few tests and if you screw up even one, it impacts your grade a lot.
5.0 : Dr. Wiggins is the best intro professor I've had at UW. He is always around for help and takes interest in every student he speaks to.
5.0 : Looking back on this class, it's hard to believe how much we learned. Dr. Wiggins' lectures are engaging and inspiring and I wish he could teach all of my classes. He is unbelievably talented at remembering names and faces, and can break things down in a way that is easy to understand. I only have good things to say about him.
5.0 : The best professor I've had at UW so far. I actually looked forward to every lecture, and he's the one professor who I can honestly say truly cares for his students and wants them to make a difference in the world.
3.0 : Really interesting lecturer (definitely made me want to go into Molecular Bio), but when it comes to exams he definitely makes them so vague that it is almost impossible to truly demonstrate your real knowledge on the exam unless you are good at interrogating TAs into giving you hints about what the question is asking.
5.0 : Best professor I have had here. The class is massive but he cares SO much about the students learning. The class is hard, the material is hard, but he really wants us to learn. He has a really unique way of teaching that is interactive (but not obnoxiously so) and I found myself loving the class and the materials even though they were challenging.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I've ever had so far at the UW. Ben cares about his students and their understanding. The material is tough, without a doubt, but you have to work for what you want. Study in groups, go to OH, and make use of the public exam. You don't always get to have a professor like Ben, so enjoy his humor and passion for biology!
5.0 : I wish Ben was my prof for the entire Bio series - class is SUPER well organized and he takes the time to explain everything he can during lecture. Really helpful during office hrs and genuinely seems like he cares that everyone does well. Exams can definitely be tough but that's due to the material/concepts not because of how the class is run
5.0 : By far the best professor I've had at the UW. This course is difficult, but the instruction is so good that you don't notice the material is hard. Tests were fair. Lectures are inspiring, and even though the class was huge, Wiggins clearly cared about the interest and success of every single student. If you have the chance to take his class, do it!
4.0 : His tests are very hard, but the material you cover in lecture is very base level. You really need to go out of your way to fully understand the material outside of class time to do well. Make sure to find a good study group!
5.0 : Most amazing instructor/professor at UW so far (been here for 3years). Tests are difficult, but if he were to teach Bio220, I would sign up for it as well. I would risk my grades for just being more exposed to his way of addressing/motivating the audience. Forming study group is definitely recommended.
5.0 : Such an awesome professor. Really caring and respectful to everyone. I also had him for BIOL 313, which is one of the coolest classes Ive taken at UW. Would recommend both of his classes to anyone interested in biology.
5.0 : Ben is phenomenal and so is this class. This is Ben's brainchild and it's everything college should be-not just from a material standpoint, but also in regards to the way he teaches. An allowance for autonomy and critical thinking in the context of group-centered problem solving made BIOL313 a truly unique experience. If you can-take this class.
5.0 : We need more professors like him. He is so approachable that I never feel intimidated talking to him. Really utilize his office hours as he does not try to trick you in anyway but genuinely cares about how much you learn.
5.0 : Ben is an amazing professor. He really care whether the students learn and values our opinions. Tests are hard but doable and office hours are extremely helpful!
4.0 : He's very approachable and laid back, which was something I liked.  However his tests are hard.  Extremely hard. But don't fear because the class is curved.  He's a good teacher, gives out classwork to work on during lectures, has bad handwriting, and dealing with technology issues isn't really his forte.  Overall, he's a teacher I would recommend.
5.0 : Easily best professor at UW. I recommend taking any class he teaches--you will learn so much. He really cares about how his students learn and is so great to talk to in office hours/after class. Extremely well-respected and humble at the same time; definitely take a class by him!
5.0 : By far one of the best teachers I've had at UW. This material itself is beyond difficult to learn, but Ben's ability to teach it is lifesaving. Without him, I can only imagine what my grade could've been. His ability to delve into difficult topics with ease and eloquent descriptions allows his students to thoroughly understand them.
5.0 : By far the best professor I've had at UW. The Biology series is designed differently than most classes, but Ben is very approachable and respectable and realizes that there isn't one concrete answer to everything. His tests require you to remember details in lecture, but he's very interesting anyways so it isn't an issue.
5.0 : Tests aren't a free A, but if you study you'll get a good grade. No real complaints about the gradings, which he lets you do regrades for if you have issues with anyway, and the lectures are super cool. Really fun guy, super cool, made me enjoy even my least favorite parts of biology. Probably my favorite teacher here so far. 1010 would recommend
5.0 : He is the best Biology lecturer I've ever had. He really cares about the learning of the students and he gives you a lot of practice questions. His tests take some time to get used to. Office hours are amazing, you should definitely go if you have the time.
5.0 : Prof. Findlay is a great guy and HSTAA 110 is a very easy and fairly interesting five credit class.  There are no tests, and the essays are mostly on readings.  Honestly, you don't need to go to lecture, even though he's a pretty good lecturer.  If you take HSTAA110, BE SURE to take the writing link! You essentially get double credit for your work.
4.0 : John is an experienced professor and knows his material, so he expects a lot out of his students writing. The course is not participation heavy in class but you are definitely expected to show up if nothing else. The lectures are extremely long and he speaks slowly with a lot of pauses so this isn't a great class for sleepy students.
5.0 : John is a real gem in the history department. He has great office hours availability and is invested in seeing students do well and succeed. There is a lot of reading for the course and his lectures will seem intense if you're not used to history classes. He will push you hard to write better papers but you'll come out a better writer for it.
4.5 : He's a great teacher, and a great guy. Tried to make lectures fun. Has a coffee hour every week where students can go and talk with him about material learned in class. You can tell he's passionate about what he teaches and he cares about the students.
4.0 : Well, John's a great man and good teacher.. However, lectures are a) a bit hard to follow. he's not a bad speaker just gets carried away and makes no effort to make it interesting and b) hardly useful for getting a good grade. All your graded work is by your TA. There's a ton of reading and long essays. he does post lectures online though.
5.0 : Professor Findlay is an amazing, accommodating and flexible professor who truly cares about his students. He learns everyone's name, and is accommodating to your reasonable requests. Lectures might be dry sometimes and he talks fast but there's recorded Panopto. Be prepared to read 150-200 pages a week. Grade is dependent on 3 main papers.
4.0 : His lectures are interesting, but he repeats things a lot. All papers are graded by TAs.  The linked writing class was helpful.
4.5 : Professor Findlay is a great guy. If you want to get to know him he makes it very easy to do so, holding both office hours and coffee hours once a week each. A very approachable man who is self aware when it comes to his lectures, joking about how they can be very dry. As good as Findlay is, your TA grades all your work. Pray you get a good one.
4.5 : Have taken this professor in multiple classes and I really enjoyed them. He is fun, intelligent, and ultimately teaches to help the student better understand the class topics to give a deeper understanding of the world. Plus he is funny, and witty. Probably my favorite teacher thus far at UWB.
5.0 : I took his class on Human Rights in the middle east, its a lot of reading. He explains well usually, he debates with nearly everything and everyone in a very respectful way. He is a secular and points out various views before sharing his own. Be wary of coming to this class unprepared. Takes a lot of mental strength to get through this class.
4.5 : Fantastic lecturer, lots of group work, but this man knows what he is talking about. Now I am just really understanding my friends from the MENA region with a whole new level of empathy. He is an awesome professor, and his MENA politics class is a must take practical class.
5.0 : My first year at UWB and best professor I've ever had. Take him and he will change your aspect on life! Readings are somewhat long but not everyday. There are 3 easy group projects. 2 exams. Amazing fun and knowledgeable professor! Listen to me when i say don't listen to the negative comments.
4.5 : Fantastic Professor who doesn't take himself too seriously. The classroom aura was very fun and lighthearted. Super helpful and lenient on due dates. Great guy who is passionate about what he's teaching and very knowledgeable as well. His goal is for us to learn more. Would definitely take again!
5.0 : The class overall is really easy. Go to the lectures if you want and he presents the material on power points (which he posts online). It is pretty interesting as long as you are motivated to be there. Quizzes cover the power points and readings. Read both and you're golden. Awesome guy. Awesome class. Easiest I&amp;S.
2.0 : I overall didn't enjoy the class. It was boring. The main topic is the Sami and Inuit people, not a lot about current Scandinavian countries. Don't expect to learn about their economy or politics. The professor is very soft spoken and can be boring to listen to. Class seemed all over the place sometimes. Easy class though, not curved.
2.5 : He is a nice person, but as he said this was his first class on Scandinavian Studies. The class was too demanding for its level and the assignments were ridiculously heavy. His way of organizing the content was a bit confusing at first, I had to google all day just to make my own timeline of Sami and Inuit history.
1.0 : The WORST professor at UW. Doesn't come to lecture prepared, and asks students to help him fill it out. Assigns a lot of work and expects a lot for a 100 class. I have taken a lot of SCAND classes and have got all 4.0's, but he makes it difficult to do so. don't take a class with him!
5.0 : Very nice teacher, go to class and you will get a good grade.
5.0 : Great teacher. Happy to be in his class
5.0 : Clever professor, excellent lecturer. Don't miss his class
5.0 : One professor who really knows what he's doing. Listening to him will make you love Scandinavian culture all over.
5.0 : Great Professor and an even better man.
5.0 : A very helpful professor. Lots of reading but you don't really need to read all of them, just read his powerpoint and study from the review.
5.0 : Great professor. Glad to be in his class
5.0 : I am a math major so naturally I hate reading and writing. But the books she assigned were so good and she really helps well. I would take her class again, but too bad she graduated.
5.0 : Took this class. 1010 I have taken two of Jacinthe's classes.
4.0 : His lectures don't have a lot of energy because he teaches more of a historical policy class, but he is a great person if you talk to him. Understanding of personal situations, willing to help out, and likes to engage students. Usually requires four 4-page essays and 4-5 quizzes through the quarter. Helpful study guides, but long essays.
5.0 : Great lecturer, crystal clear and passionate. He inspired me to pursue social policy!
5.0 : Awesome professor! Really helpful and kind.
4.0 : Maly was the best o chem teacher I had throughout the series. His lectures provide everything you'll need to know for the exam and is very thorough when explaining mechanisms. His old exams are VERY similar, so just study as many of those as you can!
3.5 : Organic Chemistry itself it really hard, but Maly is a good professor. It sucks because of the curve. The tests are difficult because you have to understand the special cases of a wide variety of synthesis. Not a vary organized lecturer, but he offers lots of practice problems that he created, which is nice.
4.5 : I was excited about taking his class at first, but the class went quite fast toward the end. He tends to skip a chunk of concepts from the book (which is nice) and his mechanisms are a bit different. The tests are not bad if spend some times doing practice problems/ tests from any sources you can find. Avg is about 60%, sometime higher.
5.0 : I feel that, although he expects a lot from his students, he will often go the extra mile to help them out if they are motivated.  His explanations are also very good.  I would recommend him.
3.0 : His tests are extremely difficult. Keep up with the practice problems every week. He tends to spend a lot of time on simple concepts, and then a small amount of time on the more difficult ones. Make sure you know all the small tricks and exceptions, he tends to test a lot on those.
4.5 : He's a great teacher! His tests are difficult because there are usually 2-in-1 reactions so make sure you have your reagents down. If you read the textbook and put in some effort, the A is yours!
4.5 : He is very clear with what he expects you to know and not know. There are no surprises on exams, but the exams are definitely not easy. Pay attention and do all the practice problems he gives.
5.0 : This guy is an epitome of a teacher. He grades all quizzes and tests by himself and really care about your learning. He makes sure to answer all of the questions before moving on. Highly recommend!
1.5 : While he is very knowledgable his teaching ability is dismal. Exams are extremely complex and not even close to the many of the practice material, or what is gone over in lectures. He is extremely hard to get ahold of and very limited in general help, you need to know exactly what you need help with if you expect any answer.
2.0 : He just drops information in front of you and doesn't really do anything to help. If you aren't amazing at ochem, then you will struggle. When it comes to exams he gives to practice tests and thats it, no topics list or anything. By far the most unhelpful prof I've had here at UW.  Good luck to anyone with the misfortune of being his student.
2.0 : His lecture notes are very disorganized. For me, reorganizing the lecture notes myself helped a lot. From what I've experienced and what I've heard, he gives out at least one test that's very very hard (resulting in class average of 50% or below), and this screwed me over. Overall, not the worst, but not the best, either.
5.0 : He is a great professor. Super nice and cares for his students. ALthough he didn't post lecture notes for my class, I thought his outline was extremely organized. Not going to lie though, his tests were pretty tough and tricky, but he is an amazing test writer. Overall, he is the best chem professor I've ever had!
4.0 : Maly has been my favorite Science professor by far. His lectures are incredibly clear and straight forward and he cares. He even made reaction summary sheets to study for exams. OChem is never easy, but Maly's tests were well written and each question had reasonable expectations of student knowledge. He never asked questions that were beyond reach.
5.0 : Maly is one of the greatest ochem professor that I've ever taken imo. Not going to lie though, his tests are extremely difficult and tricky. You're going to have to spend tons of time studying and learning his tricks. Nevertheless, he is one the professors here that I dearly respect and love. He has tons of office hours &amp; is willing to help!
4.0 : Maly is my favorite Ochem prof. His lectures and explanations were quite clear and he'd answer any question raised. He didn't give lecture notes but you don't need them if you show up/watch Panopto. Tests were tough (avg 63/110) but straightforward if you study well. Exams covered lecture material only. Gave us helpful reaction sheets for test 2.
5.0 : This country singer-like Professor is excellent and a prototypical professor! His tests are straightforward and he never puts foreign materials (except for rare bonus problems). Do what you're told, don't overthink problem and choose correct quiz section. He even allows advanced material and uncovered methods/reactions! He also gives sample exams!
4.0 : Becky was an awesome professor for ATMS 211. The class was and intro climate change class and was very easy for a 200 level. She was always available for office hours and explained things very well in lecture/ office hours. She also never hesitated to answer questions in lecture if more clarification was needed. Quite a few tests to take so beware.
5.0 : I took his environmental politics class last quarter. amazing class. changed the way i think about environmental issues, very good professor. great discussions. makes you read a lot
4.0 : Great professor! Pretty funny. Interesting topics discussed in class
5.0 : clear and funny
5.0 : really good and funny. knows a lot. don't like the quizes
5.0 : smart professor. Lots of class participation.
5.0 : this is the best course i have taken at UW. the professor has a unique perspective on NGOs and knows a lot. It has made me think about NGOs in a new way. There is a lot a reading and the professor makes us write weekly article memos.
5.0 : Prakash was the best professor I've had so far. Lectures are engaging and the structure of the class was great. Grading is based on pop quizzes, two papers and a group project. No exams &amp; no textbooks. Don't skip class and do all the readings, just assume there will be a pop quiz every day. The quizzes usually just ask your opinion on the readings
4.5 : Really interesting class. Best thing about it - NO TESTS. There were written pop quizzes at the end of some classes, ensuring attendance, but they were pass/fail only (I totally BSed one and got credit). If you put some effort into the three papers and the presentation, you should do great. Also there is a lot of interesting class discussion.
5.0 : Really good discussions. The professor knows a lot. There are not mid term or end term exams. He has class quizzes which are quite easy. I like the presentations. Guest speakers were great.
5.0 : Very engaging, fosters discussion better than any professor I've had, no tests outside of pop quizzes that are pass/fail (there were 6-8), and two essays that were reasonably graded.
5.0 : He is definitely the best professor I have had at the U. He is so engaging, and while the class can be demanding with weekly readings and article memos, there was never a day I didn't step out of class in awe. Trying DESPERATELY to change my work schedule to take his class this quarter! Very rewarding!
5.0 : best prof in uw. really good discussions. he will challenge you.
5.0 : Prakash by far is my favorite professor here at UW, he engages, listens, and is never polarizing in his lectures. He encourages students to think and critically analyze every aspect/contributor  to a situation. I've taken two classes taught by him, and would love to take another.
4.5 : Professor Sbragia  lectures in a way that allows for learning to take place, but also for those listening to enjoy it. He somehow manages to make a topic as broad as "Rome" easier to comprehend and more structured. Great class, definitely would take again.
2.0 : The class is relatively stale. Hard to focus in and I would do my best to avoid the QSI Hailey Burgess (most hardlined instructor) Albert is enthusiastic about the topic, which makes it a bit more easier to take in. But still not worth taking over other classes. If you want a fun class, this isn't it. But if you LOVE history, go for it.
4.0 : I had no interest in this topic really at all, however Sbragia is a really good lecturer and pretty funny so it made the 2 hour lectures bearable. The class itself isnt too bad, 2 papers, 2 tests. I didnt really do any of the readings, just went to most lectures, and studied a lot using the study guide, overall decent class and great professor
5.0 : I looved this class. It's easy, but I still learned a LOT! There are about three problems of homework every week, and the tests are also simple. He truly cares about students' progress and will go to great lengths to make sure his explanations are clear as possible. If you want to really learn Italian, you have take it with il professore Sbragia!
4.0 : Very easy to follow and makes a difficult subject more comparmentalized. two small papers and two huge tests, take lots of studying  but it is doable
3.5 : He makes long lectures fun. He has a good sense of humor. Makes the information  and reading easier to understand and digest. A lot of reading, two small papers and two exams. Quiz sections are a must to maintain your grade, quiz sections were mandatory.
5.0 : Professor Sbragia is awesome professor! He is so passionate about his subject and the way he teaches really helps to feel the atmosphere of real Italy! He is always so smiling, cheerful and positive! I really enjoyed the class! Un corso mi  piaciuto molto!
4.0 : He's awesome and I will take him for all three quarters of ASL if I can.  He's very patient with students and is good at teaching the material.  Sign language in general is very interesting so that class is really enjoyable.  You also spend a lot of time getting to know Lance as well as other students.  Definitely would recommend.
5.0 : Such an easy 4.0. He offers a ton of extra credit and a 95% is a 4.0 He is extremely helpful and is clear with all of his expectations. Great prof!
4.5 : Lance is a nice guy :) He really interacts and communicates with his students and makes sure to give feedback and give you questions to grow in your understanding of the language. Very passionate about what he does and really cares about the Deaf community, definitely recommend taking his classes!
2.0 : Lance is not clear about his expectations for different assignments. He also does not alert you when things are due so you have to keep up with the online schedule posted yourself. He requires 5 deaf community hours with at least two different events, 1 hour due every other week. He does not excuse you from class, even with a doctors note.
5.0 : I have never been taught by a Deaf prof before and this was a great experience. I came into the class clueless about Deaf culture and left more aware and conscious of my assumptions of Deaf people. Class load is super little so midterm and final plus daily journals are important &amp; will account for your overall grades in the class. Take this class!
4.0 : Lance is Deaf, as all of the UW ASL teachers are, and while this may seem intimidating, he makes the language so much fun to learn. I have learned so much about ASL and Deaf culture. He is helpful, his teaching methods are effective, he is easy to understand, and his lectures are engaging. I would highly recommend taking a class from him!
4.0 : Awesome professor who cares about his students. Love this guy and have him again next quarter.
4.0 : Lance is a good teacher. He is helpful and good at explaining things. Once you get to this level with him he goes pretty fast. You need to stop him and ask when you don't understand things or he will just keep going. He is super nice about repeating himself and explaining signs but you need to ask him. This class is more work than the 100 classes.
5.0 : Ritchie Campbell is one of the best professor on campus!!! He really cares for his students and is very encouraging. He calls on everyone so be alert, but will walk step by step with you on a problem. As long as you attend the class and go over his PowerPoint slides youre are golden. I would highly recommend to take his class
4.0 : This professor is Awesome. His power points and lectures  are to useful and help to understand the  economic  concepts. Also, he does not make this class very hard . If you read the text book, power points, and take notes in his lecture , you will be 100% successful in his class and get good grades. He is too helpful.
5.0 : Ritchie really cares about his students teaches you concepts that actually apply in the real world
5.0 : MY ALL TIME FAVORITE PROFESSOR! Ritchie is so amazing. He doesn't overwhelm his students with the class material. He is always there to help his students succeed!
5.0 : There's not much to do in this class except attend lecture (which is super long and kinda boring) and take the tests. He curved our class and the tests weren't to difficult. Nice guy and would take again.
4.5 : Pros: Powerpoints make book concepts easy to understand Don't have to read book Makes it clear what you must understand No HW   Cons: Lectures can be boring  Steps to get 3.5 or higher Go to class Review powerpoints after class Do assigned practice problems  Review powerpoints again &amp; write notes for exam
5.0 : Ritchie is an awesome professor! I would highly recommend taking him for Managerial Econ. if given the chance. There is homework, but you don't turn it in for credit so it's optional. There's a textbook but I 100% recommend not getting it since we never used it, only if you do the homework which you don't really need to do. All lectures are on ppt.
4.5 : I took Women and the City with Becky and it was a cool class.  We talked a lot about social justices in Seattle and talked a lot about racism, sexism, and those things a lot too.  Becky is a fun teacher and knows the material.
5.0 : Gender and Geography was my favorite class at UW.  Becky knows her stuff and is open-minded and funny.  I would definitely recommend this class.  Go Becky!!!
4.5 : Dr. Burnett is a great teacher. Straight forward, intelligent and charasmatic in her teaching. Good course.
4.5 : Good class if you enjoy long lectures with often black and white films!
5.0 : BEST class I have taken at UW. She really knows what she is talking about and knows how to effectively lecture history in a clear, organized manner. Super interesting thematically as well. Highly recommend taking Bailkin for at least one class before graduating. A lot of reading, but it fits very well into the themes she is trying to convey.
3.5 : Professor Bailkin is a great professor! I took this Fall 2014 and enjoyed it immensely! Lectures are 22.5 hours long with a 10 minute break, so prepare yourself. The movies were insanely interesting! As were the books (you read 4 or 5 novelsautobiographies + a course reader). Essays were tough, but she is VERY approachable and helpful!
2.5 : Lectures are two hours straight, it's long, and sometimes I feel like she just reads off of her book. There was so much reading assigned-- sometimes a good 200 page book a week. There were some good texts, but most of them were dry and repetitive. She doesn't give out textbooks, so take good notes. Good luck.
5.0 : Prof Bailkin is such a gem! Her lectures were amazing and I found myself listening intently each day! Absolutely loved her class. Do the readings and pay attention in lecture, if you do that there is not too much outside studying required to do well. She is absolutely fabulous and I would definitely recommend this course!
3.0 : Clearly a nice lady and knows her history inside and out, but if you're just looking for a VLPA credit and/or not insanely interested in history, stay away. The lectures feel like they are years long, she just reads directly off a typed script, and lots of dry reading. Definitely not easy, but does give you every chance to succeed on the exams.
5.0 : I took his class T ACCT 220, and he is by far the best teacher I have ever had. Highly recommend taking any class you can. You defiantly want to stay on top of the homework with honestly only took a couple hours to do. Very helpful and wants you to pass. I love that he gives out study guides to and majority of the questions are on the tests.
4.0 : I've had him for Business Law and Accounting 1. His teaching is very clear and thorough. He is very helpful and will never make you feel stupid for asking any questions. Overall, he's one of the best professors I've ever had.
5.0 : Tony Geist is super enthusiastic, especially when it comes to anything related to Spain. He is very knowledgable and he makes classes fun. For this particular class he chose a wide range of literature pertaining to the Spanish Civil War and while I didn't love all of them, I am super glad that I was introduced to them!
3.5 : Be prepared to invest a lot of time into this class, he is tough grader on grammar and content. It is required for Spanish major. Good luck!
4.5 : Ruth went over tons of things in lecture but the homeworks have some of those components and usually have you go above and beyond to figure some things out. It wasn't that bad, so I felt like I learned a lot. She's a great lecturer and gives TONS of feedback about your personal assignment and the assignment in general. She really cares about you.
5.0 : Ruth is amazingly approachable and a really great lecturer. Talks about tradeoffs really well and has a nice way of asking and answering questions. Also helpful during office hours and seems pretty overall cool!
5.0 : One of the best professors at UW (both in and out of the CSE major). Was very clear about the material, went through a lot (but not too many) examples and homework was extremely relevant to the tests, unlike some other classes. Very helpful and enthusiastic, would definitely take another class with her again.
5.0 : Great professor, really clear in lectures and energetic. Very approachable and open to students asking questions, but much better at answering questions in 1 on 1 rather than in lecture. 332: Weekly homeworks (easy) and three large projects (hard), make sure to stay on top of the projects as it's incredibly hard to do them well at the last minute!
3.0 : Not exciting, not boring. Kind of in the middle. She's pretty decent overall. Her exams aren't super difficult and are similar to the ones from her previous quarters.
1.0 : Just not good at lecturing. Don't like her style at all.
5.0 : Most of the CS-Engineering professors I've had at the UW are bad. Ruth is one exception she is good I would recommend that you take as many classes as you can from her.
5.0 : One of the best professors in the UW CSE department. You can really tell that the students like her. Even for a class with terribly boring material, she does a great job of explaining and her enthusiasm definitely shows. Not many professors that care about their students as much as Ruth.
4.5 : The thing I really appreciate about Ruth is how clear she is with expectations, and always wanting students feedback to become better at teaching the material. She's not the most exciting teacher but that being said, I really loved having her as one just because I knew she was super open to students and wouldn't try and hide any expectations.
4.5 : Ruth is a wonderful, dedicated professor who clearly loves learning and cares about her students. I'm really glad I had the opportunity to learn from her, and I hope I can take another course with her again some time! There is a moderate amount of work in this class, so stay on top of assignments and you'll be fine. Don't try to do them in a day!
5.0 : Man she was great! Really clear, and easy to follow lectures.
4.0 : Ruth's instruction was very straightforward and she was definitely one of the nicest professors I've had. Her lectures can be somewhat dull but she knows what she's talking about.
4.0 : There were no designated textbooks that we used, but we had at least two readings a week available on canvas and a book we had to buy and read for the class.
4.5 : Professor Nash is an AMAZING lecturer, despite the fact that the lectures are 2 hours they are very informational end she never reads of her slides and has a deep and genuine  knowledge of the material.
5.0 : Really interesting to listen to, has a good sense of humor, and knows a lot about the subject.  I really enjoyed this class.  The midterm and final are graded toughly but are fair and relatively easy to study for.  In the end, a very interesting class, I would highly recommend it.
4.0 : Prof. Nash provided a great atmosphere to hash out ideas and thoughts, and did a great job promoting a learning atmosphere. She expects you to be a big kid and do the work, so be respectful of the work she has done and do it. Her feedback on papers and assignments was great and led to a bettering of my work throughout the quarter. Good professor.
5.0 : Linda Nash is an amazing professor! Her lectures are really engaging (almost like storytelling) and clear to understand. You have to attend lectures to pass because that is the only source of course content you get, there isn't a textbook to save you. Also the weekly readings are super helpful and will save you for those exam q's.
5.0 : What a great class. I would highly recommend taking Prof. Nash's history class when you have the opportunity. Lectures are dense (and engaging) but study guides and readings clarify expectations for tests.
5.0 : This was by far one of the most interesting classes I have taken at UW. Her lectures are jam packed with information that is actually interesting. She is also is very good at making what you are learning about interesting by how excited she gets about it or how she thinks it is stupid. The quiz sections were a little dull but the class was great!
5.0 : She is amazing! Her lectures can be very dense, but she delivers everything extremely well and makes it very interesting! I would take this class again! It was so great and everything you learn about is actually really cool!
4.0 : Prof. Nash is a great lecturer, she really knows her stuff! There is no textbook for the class, so you need to go to lecture to get the notes for the tests (1 midterm, 1 final- free response/non-cumulative) and there is one big paper due by the end of the quarter. Weekly readings/videos for sections are packed, but interesting. Not an easy A.
5.0 : super energetic, good class to start the day, learned a lot from him, he is very passionate and engaging, def recommend using online study tools to prepare for tests
4.5 : Greatest lecturer I've ever had. He knows marketing top to bottom. He's able to engage his students and transfer his knowledge with ease. He really seems like he was born to share knowledge with others.  U could still pass his class without even reading the book cause he's that good, but if you read and go to class you should get at least a 3.5.
5.0 : Great lecturer, well prepared material and course application. Very energetic and helpful. Easy workload for a 300 level course, just stay on top of the readings and review before test day.
4.5 : Great class. Very energetic teacher. quizzes online were very helpful. Participation is important in this class but he makes you want to talk about what you are learning.
4.0 : One group project in this class, consists of a few steps to help keep you on tract with a paper and presentation (10 minutes) at the end. Very very good lectures with good information that's very relevant with a lot of his own stories. Tests are not a cake walk, study! Absolutely grades on participating - even has you bring a name tag.
4.0 : Lots of reading and work but it's interesting and fulfilling. Merchant is the ultimate professional. He conducts himself like a trained public speaker. Would recommend so long as you are dedicated to business and in this for more than just the degree.
5.0 : The most passionate professor I've had this quarter.  He always knows how to make class fun and interesting.  This was my first class into the business school and I enjoyed having him as a professor.  He is very intelligent and seems to care a lot about the students and what he's teaching.  If you study and read, you'll do well in the class.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I have ever encountered. Brings an enormous amount of practical background to the course and it shows. His enthusiasm is contagious and never falters. Common sense and willingness to participate will ensure success.
5.0 : Great professor just study hard and you will do well
5.0 : Amazing professor! He is very passionate about the subject and cares about his students! The tests won't be difficult if you read the book and study! The group project is fun! Overall, it was a great quarter with Merchant!
4.5 : Dr. Merchant is the best teacher. He is intelligent, fun, great sense of humor, making great connections with his students in the class.  His teaching contents was wonderful. I took his class from 1:30 to 3:35 pm, but I felt time pass by very soon.
5.0 : fantastic professor. If I could have had him for every business class, I would have been golden. Great GREAT lectures. Tests are challenging if you don't study your butt off. But really a great professor and I highly recommend you take a class from him. Use the book and the online extras, it will help a lot.
5.0 : Very intriguing lecturer.  The best professor I have had. He makes learning marketing easy. I highly recommend taking his class. Study vocabulary and power point slides for exams. 3 exams, 0 homework, group project with 3 part paper and presentation. Final exam is open book and online.
5.0 : Great quarter with Merchant! Lectures are very interesting and easy to be involved in. If not involved, you'll be bored. Use practice quizzes online and read chapters as well as use chapter reviews in the back of the book. Meet with your team regularly and ask for feedback from the instructor. Also, ask him your participation grade.
5.0 : Good teacher and great books. You really do not NEED to read them. I would kind of skim them. But there are no tests at all, only daily written responses (which is an easy 10/10) then a midterm and final paper. One sucky thing is that all you do in class is group work. Literally, every single class is group activities. But an easy A
4.0 : She cares about what shes's teaching and tries to make class interesting and informative. There are about 8 books to read, but I didn't have to read a single one and still received an A. Just try hard and skim or sparknote the books. Overall, skipped a lot of classes and still felt like i got something out of it.
5.0 : 5 books read during the quarter, twilight, Dracula, jane eyre, Frankenstein and another one I don't remember. She knows her stuff and is very kind! I'm a STEM major so this class was different for me but I liked it. I missed reading for fun (: SHe is very kind, approachable and adorable! I would take her again!
5.0 : She did an amazing job of not only making the material more interesting than I was expecting (who had heard of Mary Shelley's mother before?) but putting the author's in historical and cultural context. She made me a more thoughtful student and encourage class discussion. She had no problem with the entire class going "off lesson plan".
4.0 : Great professor, cares about the subject, and is fun!
5.0 : She is an excellent professor with a passion for literature equalled only by her compassion for her students.  She presents material in creative ways and is highly responsive to the needs of her students. She asks you to think, but it's not about work for the sake of work; it's exercise for your own learning. 1010 would take again.
5.0 : Excellent Teacher who would always offer extra help/clarification if desired. It was a seminar course with around 10+ students there per day and he did a good job of facilitating so that everyone could talk and no one felt stomped over. Highly recommended. I am not an LSJ student but this was one of my favorite classes.
4.5 : This is professor Wanders first semester at Bing and I'm so happy that shes here. She's relatable and personally I find her lectures extremely interesting. She's also super funny and she's incredibly understanding. She doesn't care about attendance and she's honestly laid back as hell, would definitely recommend the class.
5.0 : Easily one of the best professors I've ever had. She is very laid-back and understanding, and she clearly knows what she is talking about. She is very funny and her class is not that hard. All quizzes were open book, midterm was very straight forward, and if you were satisfied with your grade, FINAL WAS OPTIONAL! Would highly recommend.
4.0 : She is very nice and willing to help her students. There was a group presentation and 2 midterms and an optional final. The tests were take home. The class is easy if you put in the effort on the tests and presentation, other than that you don't need to do much
5.0 : Ed is fantastic! If you want a high school-style class where you point out symbolism and leave it at that, look elsewhere. If you want a prof who will push you and make sure you leave knowing how to write well, take his class!  Ed is open to reasonable, text-based arguments, even if he disagrees, and exceptionally helpful to students. Recommended!
5.0 : I am always looking forward to what classes Ed has to offer, the topics proposed are always intriguing and exceed what you would expect. The questions he poses are provocative to challenge you to rethink what you may know. The ideas I have gotten out of his class continue to circulate through the reflections I make upon myself and  far more.
4.0 : Ed has his own snarky brand of humor that keeps lectures interesting. His chosen source material is always fascinating, which is a nice departure from some of the  more "traditional" English classes. While his grading may initially appear hard, he gives good feedback so you can improve quickly. He even inflates everyone's grades at the end :D
5.0 : Raphael is a wonderful professor! Luckily, we had a very small class so were able to get a lot of one on one time. The class is primarily lecture based with quizzes every week but there is a lot of time for discussion which made the class engaging.
5.0 : She is a very passionate teacher!
5.0 : Ryan is AWESOME! He's the best professor I've ever had. He is very understanding and really cares about his students. His classes are not hard at all, workload is fair BUT that shouldn't be the only reason to take one of his classes. He creates an enjoyable environment and makes you want to come to class every single day. He is truly the best!
5.0 : Definitely my favorite teacher so far. He genuinely cares about his students wellbeing and will push back due dates in order to make his students comfortable. This was my favorite class and it was the class that convinced me to follow an English degree. So much respect and endearment towards this professor.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers so far. He's extremely enthusiastic about teaching and is also very intelligent. He's really easygoing and laid back. I would absolutely take his class again!!
4.5 : Ryan was an awesome teacher and made sure that what he taught would actually help you later in life, he wasn't always clear about what your grade on the papers was because he cared more about what you learned than what grade he gave you was. Overall an amazing teacher and I wish he was able to stay at UW after he graduates grad school
5.0 : Ryan is the best professor I've had yet, and this is my seventh quarter at UW.  He really cares about the students and is knowledgeable about class material.  The course grade composed of  two essays, attendance,  and participation.  I would take another English class just because he's teaching it.
5.0 : Ryan is one of the best professors you can have for a writing class. He is extremely helpful when it comes to writing papers. Participation and going to class is important to do well in this class as a huge portion of your grade is based on those two things. Ryan is great!
4.5 : Helterbrand is probably one of the chillest teachers you can get. He's super funny, but he's also a really good teacher. He goes over everything in-depth, so you understand all the reading material. It is not hard at all to get a good grade in this class as long as you put in a little effort.
5.0 : LOVE. Ryan is my favorite teacher so far here at UW. He is extremely funny, and his class was always so engaging and interesting. He made me really interested in psychology (W credit linked with psych 101). I will miss this class so much, this guy will go so far in life with his bright amazing personality.
5.0 : He's just an awesome guy who cracks allot of jokes and is insanely smart. He taught me so much and is one of the smartest and most approachable teachers I've ever had.
5.0 : Ryan is definitely on of my favorite professors! He is super hilarious! He really cares about his student, and he really wants to help. This class in general has a lot of readings, but not a lot of assignments. The main assignments are midterm essay and final essay. Overall I would not think this is a hard class.
5.0 : My favorite professor at UW, cares more about holistic learning than characterizing you as a cog in the machine. To him, you are person, and he makes sure you don't forget that. If you show up to class and participate you will get an easy 3.7 - 4.0.
5.0 : SO AMAZING CLASS!!! PLZ TAKE HIS COURSE AT ONCE IN UW. HE IS THE BEST PROFESSOR IN ENGL DEPARTMENT ABSOLUTELY!!!
5.0 : HE'S THE BEST PROFESSOR i had so far in UW. He truly cares about you and your grades and gives professional feedback on every  essay your submit. And he has very gentle grading policy, includes allow you to rewrite first two essay. On class, he's really open to us, and makes great points and opinions on every topics we learned. Overall, he's Great!
5.0 : The class was relaxing and you do not feel pressure from doing it wrong. She encourages student and points out their mistakes for changes. She always quickly give you feedback and it helps. A good class to take for relaxation and waking you up for classes.
5.0 : Hannah is really great! She distributes her attention really evenly throughout her students and the quarter. She is also extremely clear both when teaching combinations and giving corrections, so you really understand how to do/ fix things. All of her combinations were completely different from anything I have ever done which was really great.
4.5 : Very great use of class time. Two hour lecture but it gets divided into group work, videos, guest speakers, etc. segments that make time in class go by faster. Subunits are divided nicely. Instructor gives a very fair courseload.
2.0 : Lots and lots of busy work. Unclear assignments and grading rubrics, and even the clarifications still aren't clear. Very heavy on readings and half of the class is spent doing not useful things. "Short" papers are not five pages.
2.0 : Overall, boring. Her lecture slides are very unorganized and often unclear. She does not manage time well (eg. spends a week of lectures talking about what a social norm is). She gives fairly poor examples for the concepts she's trying to explain. There's both too much and too little work. Worst LSJ/Poly prof I've had.
5.0 : Prof. Cichowski is an incredible lecturer and really knows what she's talking about. The reading is standard for a POL S/LSJ class, and the homework is very doable. There is one big paper that you are given more than enough time to complete. She prepares you well for tests. This is one of the best classes I've taken at UW.
5.0 : John's an incredibly knowledgeable and understanding guy. His demeanor is a bit dry, and he's slightly quiet, though it is clear that he knows his stuff and can be pretty humorous when he talks about some of the nonsense surrounding pseudoscience and earthquakes. The class was VERY hands off, with slides and panopto online, and no attendance needed
4.0 : John Vidale is a very knowledgeable professor. He does have a low voice, but he covers a lot of good materials. He talks about the EQs of the week, surrounding misconceptions about EQs and the authentic EQ science. Guest lecturers also make this class more enjoyable and content-rich. I like the PNSN Lab tour. TA is also helpful and accessible.
4.0 : Not so bad.  By the way, there was no textbook and no one received a D - the previous reviewer obviously did not take the class.
3.0 : in her lectures, she only covers a tiny portion from the book, but the tests are like you have to memorize the entire book (and there are so many terms in each chapter). you have to do a lot of talking and discussion board for participation grade. you think it's gonna be an easy class but toward the end you realize that this is not the case.
2.5 : I was part of the first class to take this course and it was graded horribly wrong as well as being generally unclear. It was supposed to be a seminar, but ended up being graded like a 5 credit course. Professor was very unclear about grading policies and workload plus lectures were incredibly low-level. Don't take!
5.0 : For a two credit class, it was a lot of fun! I really enjoyed Christina's lecture and spending time with my classmates in our lab section. I had a great teaching trio and really enjoyed the coaching concept. Although the grading can be a bit ambiguous and it is slightly curved, I would recommend this class if you're ready to make an effort!
1.5 : The entire class was composed of lectures that led to assignment due at the end of every week. Each assignment was easy and you would get full credit if you put some work into it, but the final assignment, which is worth 30% of your grade, they decide to grade quite harshly. Would not recommend.
5.0 : I took the GEN ST/B A 391 course this past winter quarter and it was a relatively fun and easy two-credit seminar. While the grading does appear to be subjective, I felt that Christina did a great job delivering content and I learned a lot! I wish lectures were longer some days and the sections shorter--vice-versa too.
4.5 : Just did my A term in summer with Christina, awesome professor but non-curved grades. I enjoyed the content a lot. She has lots of fun activities in class. Tests are fair but need lots of readings from the texts (the whole book). We did it in four-five weeks. A-term is pretty crazy. Just take her in a regular quarter. Her personalities are great.
5.0 : Christina is a solid choice for MGMT 300--she's experienced and practical. Although her exams can be a little challenging, given the content (OB is like psychology)--it can be hard to determine what to study for the exams. Other than that, she's awesome! Get a good group for the group project.
5.0 : Hands down one of the best teachers i have had. Her lectures are interesting, relevant and apply to your life.  She is very nice and willing to help you out in any way.  I had questions after many classes and she would take the time to talk to me and help me understand.  The book is straight forward and helpful in the class.
2.5 : Professor Silva Rodriguez is a very passionate and intelligent Puerto Rican scholar. Her lectures are vibrant and full of cussing, she loves to turn history into a story. I would definitely take this class again, although she sometimes leaves things a bit unclear. Great intro to History of Latin America and Caribbean
4.5 : Good professor!  This was the mandatory junior seminar for History majors.  Learned lots of new things, and was inspired to work and develop my own voice.
4.0 : Good lectures.  I had more contact with her assistant, but she was helpful when I stopped by during office hours.  The grading was fair.  It wasn't an easy class.
3.0 : Lectures were hard to follow and difficult to take good notes to.  Too much time  was spent on useless and pointless class discussion. There is a lot of work involved but she is a fair grader. I strongly feel that this was the worst class I have ever taken at the UW based on her lecture style and her use of class time.
3.0 : She has unstructured lectures, she is willing to be helpful, but wants you to figure it out on your own. She does not say how she wants test questions answered so you are basically screwed unless you've taken her before. She takes time to learn names and cherishes class participation. I would not recommend her though if you're looking for an easy A
5.0 : Fantastic and passionate scholar. She really knows her stuff and makes history interesting and fun. Lots of reading, but worth it. Grading and tests are very straightforward.
5.0 : Passionate, engaged, well informed.  Cares about teaching and her students.
5.0 : What a wonderful, wonderful class! I loved every minute of every lecture. You MUST take this class if you're at the UW.
4.0 : Her lectures are a bit disorganized, but you can feel her passion in the subject when she lectures. Despite this being a two hour lecture class, she is able to keep students interested. I would definitely recommend this class to anyone. She is also actually cares for her students, making sure to remember all their names. One of the best professors.
4.0 : She was a fantasitc teacher. She had a way of taking information that seemed boring or confusing and explaining it in a way that was easy to understand and interesting. Because of this class I want to pursue a diversity minor and take more classes about Latin American history.
5.0 : I enjoyed her lectures a lot and her class is very interesting. However, we need to read a lot and most of our grades come from the reading reflections. It's important that you write those reflections well. If you pay attention in class and take note, it is not a very hard class.
4.0 : I seriously love this teacher! His excitement about science is infectious and his lectures are actually fun, despite being 2 hours long
5.0 : I seriously love this professor! I came into this class thinking that it would be lucky to 70% just to pass . But Bryan was encouraging &amp; understanding, and by the end, helped me get my test scores up to the 96-100 percentile. His review sessions are super helpful and as long as you keep up with the reading and don't skip class, you are golden.
4.5 : One of the best teachers you'll encounter in your lifetime. He genuinely cares about his students and takes the time to help them learn. He's a little quirky so his lectures are always interesting. He's also very involved online so there's lots of study material provided.
5.0 : Bryan really cares about whether students learn and would rather they truly understand the material than recite it back to him. Reading the textbook is required but don't skip class as what he lectures on correlates a lot with tests and quizzes.  He is really passionate for biology and you can tell he enjoys the course material.
5.0 : Bryan is a very nice professor, the class is fun and the material is very interesting. He is very understanding with students' circumstances . For midterms he let students choose the percentage of each exam. I would definitely take his class again.
5.0 : I could tell that Bryan really cared whether people were learning the material or not, and worked to improve lectures to help us understand the topics more. He gives really good examples and is very energetic and enthusiastic about science. He made the two hour lecture go by very fast and always brought something interesting to the table.
5.0 : If you ever get the chance to take any of his classes, DO IT! Best biology professor that I have ever had. For reference I have had about 15 different professors. I can't rave enough about this professor. He is outstanding as a person and his lectures are always engaging.
5.0 : Wouldn't pass the labs without his help !
5.0 : A professor that makes a class more interesting than it is.
4.0 : Good professor. Definitely willing and able to give extra help as needed. Lectures are useful, occasionally dull, and frequently finish early. The class I took, digital circuits - 335, is very difficult, but he did a good job making it manageable. Lecture attendance is important most days. Textbook use is limited to the first half of the quarter.
5.0 : Pengra's labs are legendary.  I took his 335 and 431 - both classes classes that were very well managed under his lab supervision. He is a talented lecturer, and also kind of a fun character. Truly an inspiration in my physics education.
5.0 : An amazing professor who was always willing to help on any assignment. Would be there leading the labs and assisting people as needed. Don't be afraid to speak up!
5.0 : I had professor Pengra as a sub for a week in my electrical circuibs lab class, and he was so much better at explaining things than my actual professor was. Now hes in charge of optics lab and I gotta say he really is great at explaining stuff and cares about hes students and always available.
4.5 : You really have to participate in class to get the most out of it. She's really nice, and she's there to help you when you need it. Assigns homework from the textbook, and gives helpful handouts. Do the homework and the MyFrenchLab exercises- they'll help. Would take her class again even if it's at 830am :)!!
5.0 : Christina was an amazing instructor. It was a pleasure being taught by her. She's got a very nice personality and was always eager to help out her students. I would take another class from her in a heartbeat! Sign up for her section if you can! You won't be disappointed.
5.0 : Best teacher~
5.0 : She is a really good teacher and focuses on group project.
5.0 : Kim ssn is an friendly excellent professor, one of the best language professors I've ever had. She truly cares about education and you getting the most out of the class. She will ask you what she can do to help you specifically to help you understand. She has had trouble with organization in the class but has really improved.
4.5 : She cares about your optimal achievement. She gauges the class first before handing out specific assignments. ie She found out my class barely reads at home, so she makes us read in class. It's obvious she loves what she does, and takes pride in her students and her work. If you don't understand something, go talk to her. She's always ready to help
5.0 : Erik is great! He's a funny guy and super friendly. I like that the class size is small, everyone is able to get to know one another.
5.0 : Erik is a great person and teacher. He is always willing to help - he sacrifices *a lot* of his own time to help improve your writing. Prompts can be challenging - but in a good way, he pushes you to think outside the box and take risks. His class is well structured, and makes the entire writing *process* very rewarding!
4.0 : Challenging prompts and high expectations but a good grade is possible if you seek help. Very reasonable and helpful person when it comes to feedback. Laid back and insightful dude.
4.0 : Erik is an amazing, he could be a little harsh on homework but he really cares about students and knows what he's doing. You need to work for it to get an A but it's totally worth it, I learned a LOT in this class and I'm so glad that I've taken it.
5.0 : Loved his class. Gives really detailed and useful feedback for assignments. Sometimes tough, but very understanding and funny.
5.0 : Really enjoyed this course. As a freshman, this was my first real introduction to college writing and working with Erik made it a lot less painful than it could have been. He is thoughtful and clear in his instructions, encourages the exploration of original ideas, and gives fantastic feedback on papers. Highly recommend.
2.0 : Terrible at leading class discussions. Two hours of rambling chaos every time.
5.0 : Took this class, Winter 2016, 2 response papers, 1 narrative analysis (easy), 1 midterm, 1 final. Exams are extremely straight forward and manageable if studied for a couple days prior to test-day. You basically don't have to read if you go to section (I'm Serious). Lectures are definitely not mandatory but are always interesting.
3.0 : It was hard to tell whether it was the course material or P. Duman himself that made the class dull. Either way, I found myself oftentimes bored. There's a lot of reading assigned, and a weekly discussion assignment that I found more annoying than useful. Overall, not terrible, but not exceptional either.
1.0 : This professor is the most boring lecturer ever, it is the longest monotone monologue you could imagine. I am a poli sci major, I LOVE politics, and I barely make myself go and definitely don't pay attention when I do.
5.0 : He is my little any angel
4.0 : I liked him. His teaching was very straightforward. Basically, if you attend lectures and your quiz sections, you're all set. Reading was covered by him in lectures so it wasn't really necessary to finish the readings. Just take notes, and start studying two days before the exam. paper? he's a very easy grader. and i mean it. very easy.
5.0 : Yoav was an amazing lecturer.  He is amazingly unbiased and presents material in a very organized manner.  Going to lecture and doing the readings are critical to success in this class.  He inspired me to major in Political Science.  I highly recommend Comparative Politics.
4.0 : The best. Weekly homeworks, 2 Quizzes (which are like tests), a final and clickers. Plus a couple of extra credits. His effort to make the class fun was great. He was always there to clarify things and TAs (Lexie &amp;Isabel) were great! CLUE before quiz/exam were helpful. Slides were simple and organized. Exam,quizzes and h/w were okay!
5.0 : Easy class to take to fulfill natural worlds credit. mildly interesting content.  Frierson is very passionate about the material and sang a song related to the lecture every day, very entertaining.
5.0 : Really smart, young, and passionate. He is always willing to answer questions. Awesome prof.
4.0 : Dargan is a fun professor. He sings at the end of his lectures, engages with the massive lecture hall and it's generally a good time. The tests require some studying but are overall not bad. I highly recommend this class.
4.0 : Great professor, great grading. Would recommend upper level and lower level classes if taught by dargan
3.5 : He's such a funny cool guy. Always makes the class laugh. But I wouldn't go to class if there weren't so many clicker points. Tests are pretty easy (multiple choice), but theres also clickers, online HW's each week, and a cumulative final. So more work than a simple I&amp;S/NW class
5.0 : The BEST professor I have had at UW. Dargan completely changed my perspective on climate change &amp; I learned A LOT. He plays songs on his ukulele almost every class. The class was pretty easy because he engaged the students and made me want to learn the material out of sheer interest. Super friendly &amp; accommodating professor. He wants you to learn!!
4.0 : Haven't finished the class yet, but Dargan is a FANTASTIC teacher. Very enthusiastic, genuinely kind, and actually cares about your learning. There was a lot of material, but if you put in the effort to listen, you learned a lot. Was an easy class in the sense that you were rewarded for paying attention, but was a bit of work. Very recommended. :)
5.0 : If you get the opportunity to take climate change with Dargan, do it. He's incredibly passionate about the material, and consequently makes a very important and interesting topic compelling to all students. He sings every lecture, and grades leniently. Especially now that the US pulled out of the Paris Agreement, it's definitely worth taking.
5.0 : He sings every class. Take ATMS 111!!!
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR EVER. His singing never fails to make my day. Seriously the best. So hilarious. Reasonable workload. Keep up and pay attention in lectures. Tests aren't bad (multiple choice). Extra credit is available! The 2 hour lectures (usually) go by fast. Lots of clicker Q's! He cares about his students and encourages Q's. Love him.
3.5 : Dargan has some interesting topics. Pretty easy class. He posts his lectures online which makes attendance not mandatory, but material makes more sense if you go to class. Also he does clicker questions daily &amp; more than once in a class. He likes to sing songs about the topics. Thinks he is funnier than he is. REALLY likes &amp; encourages questions
3.0 : Dargan is a cool teacher, sings almost every class and is passionate about what he teaches. However, the class is literally graded off of quizzes (1 every week) and three exams (2 midterms, 1 final). The lectures are jam packed with information and a bit all over the place. This course is for non-majors, but the amount of info didn't feel like that
1.0 : This class discusses a lot of interesting topics and I do feel like through lectures I learned a fair amount. However the way the tests and homework are written is absolutely ridiculous, the questions are not testing your knowledge of material because they're so hard to determine what they're actually asking. Would not recommend or take again.
5.0 : Dargan is great. Took the class just for grad requirements, but ended up loving it b/c of his enthusiasm. Lectures are long, but he makes them fun with clicker questions and songs. A very easy class grade-wise, easy to only miss 1-2 points on each test if you just attend classes. Gonna miss the Darg :'( (also you honestly never need the textbook)
5.0 : Dargan is so passionate about what he teaches. Participation is part of your grade so you must show up to class to answer clicker questions. Lectures can feel long only because they are two hours, not because he isn't a good lecturer. Tests are easy. A lot of questions were from previous clicker questions, practices tests, and previous midterms.
5.0 : Frierson is the sweetest professor I've ever had. What a lovely human. Class was often boring (mostly because the lectures were two hours long), but he sung to us and was so enthusiastic and sweet. He cares about his students. He posts lectures online, so as a completely non-science-y person, the material was totally manageable, and I did well!
5.0 : One of my favourite professors so far. Passionate and knowledgable about what she teaches. Very well structured, interesting course. Would definitely take a class from her again.
5.0 : One of the greatest professors I have had at the UW so far. Love her enthusiasm and great knowledge of the subject matter. Participation is probably the most important thing in this class. This class is also quite reading-heavy. I wished we could have gotten more time to prepare for the final paper...
5.0 : Great teacher, and a real expert in her field. Assignments and tests were very simple, but participation is important, as despite doing a near perfect job on graded work, my apathy in the classroom definitely harmed my overall grade. She's very helpful and I would recommend taking a class with her if possible.
5.0 : Professor Kale is very organized and straightforward. She is brilliant and uses her knowledge to further the knowledge of her class. I would definitely take a class taught by her again.
3.0 : Professor Kale makes a difficult subject somewhat comprehensible. She is intimidating at first, but hang in there, it gets better. Found myself wondering what she would look like if she ever smiled. You will learn a lot, but it won't be fun.
5.0 : Superb teacher, arguably the best I've had at UW. Also has extraordinarily strong analysis capabilities concerning  macro-level IR issues, even those unrelated to her area of expertise. The kind of person who can thoroughly answer pretty much any international studies-related intellectual question with unique insights.
5.0 : This is my favorite professor at UW!!!! He gives great feedback and is always willing to help you out. Seriously take him!!!
5.0 : Professor Hiebert went above and beyond to help me succeed. He allowed us to incorporate his feedback into our work, which not only helped us create a polished portfolio, it also helped improve our initial grade. From quickly replying to emails, to helping me when I was ready to give up, Professor Hiebert was instrumental in my success at UW.
5.0 : Dr. Masiello was my favorite professor in the Pchem series, and maybe out of all my chemistry classes at UW. He explains things VERY clearly and always makes sure to preface with the big picture so we know what we are learning and why. Wish I could take more classes with him.
5.0 : Professor Masiello is very reasonable in that he doesn't expect memorization of arbitrary equations and numbers. His lectures are very useful for tests because they include many example problems. His tests, although quite challenging, also seemed to be fair assessments of what we'd learned in class.
4.0 : I had Dr. Masiello for Chem 143, which is an accelerated version of 142. He is nice, fair, and doesn't care about trivial things like compound names or sig figs (and you don't have to memorize formulas). Make sure to practice book problems because they are on the tests often. Also, the final has midterm questions reappear on it, so study midterms.
4.5 : Great professor! Gives lectures in class everyday and also posts them online. You will have tests, a final, a final presentation, and an essay. Tests can be hard sometimes. He is very clear, organized, and understanding. An easy A if you study and really understand the material but as a teacher he does his job well! I would recommend him to all!
3.0 : ONLY TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU ARE 100% CERTAIN YOU WILL NEVER BE LATE TO OR MISS A SINGLE CLASS.  I received 100% on all homework, and 90s on all tests, yet ended up with a TWO.SEVEN on my transcript, just because I was late to 2 classes and missed 3. My grade is not an accurate reflection of my academic performance and abilities. NOT OK.
4.5 : Professor Barrack is amazing, he is a little on the older side so, sometimes he repeats himself during lectures. However, he gives good feedback, he's respected by his students, and is very inspirational. If I could take more classes with him I would. He is a fair grader. It is difficult for a student to fail his class.
5.0 : Candice cares as much as you care! If you are invested, she is invested along side with you. She is compassionate, knowledgeable, easy going, inspiring, kind, rigorous, and supportive. She was one of my favorite professors at UW; I took 3 courses with her, and she oversaw my honors English thesis (when she wasn't even teaching that quarter!).
5.0 : One of my favorite professors! She is genuine, kind, and pretty easy going/lenient. I took her for summer A term and the work load is kind of a lot in such a short amount of time but definitely doable! She makes the class enjoyable. Highly recommend!
5.0 : The best French teacher at UW! She's patient, encouraging, and hilarious. That may just seem like a bonus, but tackling a new language is no easy task. Working wa professor who has these qualities makes for a very conducive learning environment. She's easy to understand, has great technique, and will explain her life away until you get it!
3.5 : He's got something special. This class makes you look at things differently. Very inspiring. But you won't necessarily get a high GPA if you don't work for it...
2.5 : Though Muren is adept and enthusiastic in Design, his lectures are long winded and unfocused; it feels as though he's improvising what he's saying, which is disconcerting for someone interested in Design. The projects are vague but very harshly graded. Don't be fooled by Muren and his friendly TAs acting as thought the assignments are "practice."
4.5 : He is so inspiring and has great lectures. He is passionate about the class and cares about students' opinions and ideas. The projects are interesting but take a lot of time throughout the week. Expect weekend homework. Project outlines could be clearer, but definitely would recommend this class.
5.0 : Sit back, relax and enjoy the lecture. However, do expect to spend a good amount of time on projects over the weekends. If you care about grades, read the guidelines carefully and ask for TA/Dominic to help.
4.5 : I took 'Collective and Corporate Responsibility' from Mitch, which is based off his thesis topic. Mitch is easygoing and clearly invested in his topic. I liked his energy (and sassiness when it came to politics), but his lectures felt a bit more like rants... It's a discussion-based class, and be ready to spend a lot of time on the 3 essays.
5.0 : Best TA, wouldn't have made it without him, if you can't get him don't even bother. Super clear, helpful and he knows his stuff. He's also funny.
5.0 : I didn't have Mitch as my TA personally, but he was always incredibly helpful in office hours, CLUE, and even on his lunch breaks. He was very clear in his instruction and was very well-versed in the material for this class. He has TAed this class multiple times and was able to instruct and give me practice on exactly what I needed to know.
4.5 : Mitch's unbiased lectures were really beneficial, since this class is an Intro to SocialPol Phil. It was difficult to guess his personal phil based on his lectures--though he might reveal it at the end of the quarter. He also exposed the class to the relevant philosophies from the 16th-20th Centuries. I'd take another PHIL class thanks to Mitch.
5.0 : Great TA/professor! Clear, funny, interesting, and easy class! Weekly homework and five tests total.
5.0 : Really like the contents. Know a lot from the class and it changes my thinking. 3 exams are all multiple choices but cover ALL from the text. It's diffficult to get a perfect grade but not that horrible since you can get 0.3 extra credits from participating in psych researches in campus.
4.5 : Psych 210 (Psychology of sex) is an amazing class, and she teaches the class effectively, although the lectures are very long. Expect to be shocked and or at least have your perspectives of human sexuality. Nice extra credit opportunities to boost grade by .3, and reading the textbook is essential to  passing (she wrote it). Overall, great class.
4.0 : Pretty good lectures, not too difficult of a professor
5.0 : Levin-Richardson is a GREAT professor. Very clear about what she expects of you, and keeps lectures engaging and interesting. Attendance is not mandatory, but the lectures are a huge help if you want to breeze through the exams. Super charismatic, would take her again if I could! She's wonderful!
4.0 : This was an easy class if you attend class, take good notes, and can memorize flashcards for tests. Her enthusiasm in lecture shows that she really loves what she's teaching.
5.0 : One of the most clear, organized, and caring professors I've met so far. She is now on my small list of favorite professors. She has a passion for her subject, and it shows. Lectures were interesting, exams were fair if you study, and the reading is minimal.
5.0 : Professor Levin-Richardson is amazing! Her tests and papers are very straight forward, and she is responds to emails very quickly! She provided study guides, and if you go through her slides before exams, then you will pass the tests very easily.
5.0 : She is super knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the material she is teaching. You will always know what is expected of you in this class. She is clear, thorough, and probably the most organized professor I have ever met. There is no recordings to her lectures so actually making it to them is ESSENTIAL to excelling in her courses.
5.0 : She is an amazing professor who loves what she is teaching and it shows. Lecture is super necessary to succeed! Just take careful notes during lecture and make flashcards for the tests - basically all memorization - and you'll get an A.
5.0 : I took Spanish 121, 122, and 123 all with Ciara and loved her. She was incredibly responsive, understanding, kind, and flexible. Her feedback on assignments and exams was so helpful in understanding the grammatical aspects of Spanish. She also has a talent for explaining/expressing things in writing that made memorizing details much easier for me.
4.0 : She was very friendly and always had a smile on her face. She was also very enthusiastic. This class was a linked course with psychology 101 and she has never even taken a psychology; however, she was very willing to learn more about the subject to be able to teach it better. She attended our lectures and tried very hard to make this class fun.
5.0 : She was a great teacher! Student responsibilities were very clear and I really enjoyed our writing assignments. I would highly recommend this professor!
4.0 : While the beginning of this class was confusing and unclear, the class became more doable and enjoyable throughout the quarter. My only complaints are that sometimes her expectations/instructions for papers are unclear. But she is an easy grader and is happy to help if anyone has any questions. I recommend this class if you need a W credit
4.0 : Cao Laoshi is wonderful. It's a hard class overall because the work load is so demanding--Especially if this is not your main interest of study. If you stay on top of things and memorize everything you need to memorize, go for it! But Cao Laoshi is by no means a horrible teacher at all. He's so friendly and nice. You  just have to make an effort.
5.0 : He is a really funny teacher with a great sense of humor. The class is very laid-back and easygoing. Exams are pretty straightforward and not difficult at all as long as you study. Overall great guy!
5.0 : Yuqing Cao is an incredible guy all around - both in and outside the classroom. He is more than willing to provide help, answer questions, and even sit down and talk about life. He makes the difficulty of this class bearable, as he is also extremely reasonable and has his student's best interest at heart. My favorite professor at UW hands down.
5.0 : Very easy going and nice. Exams and quizzes are very short and straightforward. However, participation is needed to understand material.
2.0 : Wonderful person, and always liked his courses. Unfortunately, this quarter is very different. No clear grading standards or expectations, extremely fast-paced class, test terms that show up that have never appeared before, etc. He cares much about his students, but may assume we understand more than we actually do...
5.0 : Really great teacher! He's easy-going and the class is easy to follow. He will answer questions. He makes the class feel homey and entertaining with his sense of humor.
5.0 : Professor Cao and his TA's alternate teaching depending on the course. He's really funny and makes the class fun to be in. Everything he teaches is straight forward and what ever is on the exam has been taught in class or has been in the textbook. For students that want to take the heritage Chinese course, make sure you can at least speak fluently.
5.0 : Jessica is a great professor and it's no wonder why she has some of the best ratings in the dept. I needed 1 more Engl class and went out of my way to take it from her, even though the topic wasn't my favorite. Would highly recommend.
5.0 : Jessica is an amazing teacher! She is super caring towards her students and opens your mind to so many different aspects of literature and poem (even if you are not an english major). Her expectations are clear, and she gives great feedback! I always felt appreciated and welcome in her class. Best english lecturer I met at UW!
4.5 : Jessica is one of the few teachers who I actually learned something from unlike my other past English teachers here at UW! She makes her differentiations in her expectations as clear as she can be! She makes class discussions more welcoming! Also she's a fair grader! You get what you put in!
4.5 : Jessica's a wonderful teacher. She creates a space for dialogue with students over the reading material, and she's interested in what they have to say. She's passionate about her material. A fair amount of reading and usually two papers, one for midterm and one for final. I've taken two classes with her already and I'd love to take another.
4.0 : Jessica is awesome.  Very passionate about subject, which makes boring reading interesting. Her grading is fair, and she will CLEARLY explain why you got a certain grade. Very few teachers are capable of this, and I appreciate it. Be prepared to read. If you don't read the assigned reading you will have a bad day. Participation is necessary.
3.0 : He was good. He is professional lawyer, so his class is more interesting than college professors'. He used his spare time to hold review sessions very week. But his exams were unpredictable. I suffered a lot in the final  'cause there were questions like "what is the color of the class?", which were the bonus questions he talked about in a class
5.0 : Highly recommended. He's a great lecturer and makes the class really interesting despite the 7:30am start. Exams were reasonable and not difficult if you prepared adequately. Attendance is mandatory! Too bad he might be retiring soon.
5.0 : Entertaining and interesting. Gave away a butternut squash one day.
5.0 : The classes I've had with Prof. Manchak have been my favorite in college. I can't tell if I love the material because of his teaching or vice versa. He is an engaging and passionate professor with an obvious interest in his student's success. While he's good at large lecture classes, he thrives in smaller classes-take these any chance you get.
5.0 : Dr. Manchak is one of the best professors I have ever had. He is an amazing teacher, but also just a great person and role model who actually cares what you will get out of his class, and does everything he can to connect with his students. If you're thinking of taking a class with him, whatever it is, don't miss it.
5.0 : Professor Manchak is easily the best professor I have had in my academic career.  He is incredibly intelligent, but is also down to earth and easy to talk to.  He is able to explain the material in an understandable manner and can make even the driest of topics interesting.  I highly recommend him for whatever class he is teaching.
5.0 : Makes econometrics easy to understand.  I would take him for as many classes as I could.  Honest, clear, clever.
5.0 : He has been my professor for a long time now. He is a wonderful person with a lot of knowledge to give and cares deeply about his students. I have learned more from him than all my other classes here at the UW.
4.0 : Dr. Klavins can be/appear stern at times, but he allows you to be proactive and be the main driver of your own research project going
4.0 : Encourages you to deliver, but also expects you to, and will know when you are slacking. Good judge of character.
4.0 : Klavins has been pretty great, he's really insightfulful and makes time for his students every week. He's entertaining and has some great dry witicisms.(not an English major) But suffer not the slacker! Come ready to engage and don't be afraid to ask questions. Proactivity is all here!
5.0 : As a member of DAWGMA my team has weekly meetings with Professor Klavins. He's great about listening to us while still giving critical feedback.  Klavin's is a really smart guy and he's pretty funny too. As someone going into science his advice has been really useful and insightful.
5.0 : I started out my freshmen year by taking this class through the DAWGMA club at UW, and ended up getting into undergraduate research with the Klavins lab. Eric has always been a fantastic mentor to guide me through applying to internships and scholarship, in addition to being incredibly supportive and flexible with my research efforts.
5.0 : I can't think of an instructor who tells it like it is better than him. Roark understands that education is a two way street and he tailors his engagement with you to match your effort and enthusiasm. My advice if you're taking class with him is to not skimp on conversation. He's got a world of knowledge for you if you get to know him.
4.5 : The most accessible teacher ever, alway around and willing to help.
4.0 : Really awesome and nice! The class was pretty easy. If you want to just explore the subject of Architecture its a great class for that with no stress. Most of the lectures compose of speakers talking about their experiences in the field. No exams or quizzes.
4.5 : Great teacher and willing to help!
4.0 : Gonzalo is a very laid back professor. He likes to listen to student's input and makes you feel like what you say is important. Attendance is graded which sucks because sometimes his lectures can be long and pointless. Group work is a big part of your grade in this class. I wouldn't say it was an amazing class, but it was definitely an easy 4.0.
5.0 : This class changed how I see the world! Gonzalo made the course interactive and student-centered, and crafted a community and space for us to earnestly engage with each other and the material. He genuinely cares about EACH student, and makes it known that he is invested in their growth and development not just as a student but as a person. Amazing!
5.0 : Gonzalo is different from any other instructors I've ever had at the UW, he is super accessible and caring. Most important of all, passionate about what he do. Learned the most in his class.
1.0 : I wouldn't suggest taking this class if you are serious about your education. This course and his delivery is laughable in how radical and unprofessional it is. Better off actually working to earn a grade you deserve rather than having it handed to you for pretending to agree with his opinions.
5.0 : A really great class that provides a platform for students to openly discuss pertinent issues often overlooked at the UW. If you're looking to understand race and minority groups from an academic perspective and through the real experiences of peers, this is a great class. It's truly unlike any class at the UW and should be a graduation requirement
5.0 : Professor G is one of the best profs I've ever had. He's always there for his students and genuinely wants you to learn. The class itself is exceptionally interesting and educational. You'll never want to miss lecture! An inspirational, emotionally intense, and extremely relevant class that everyone should take. You'll learn quite a lot.
5.0 : Professor Guzman is very passionate about what he teaches. Psych 250 is a course that open's ones eyes about race, racism, white privilege, identity, among many more. You learn about how much these topics affect all races and groups of people. Professor Guzman will always be there for his students. Definitely recommend.
5.0 : PSYCH250 is the only class I have taken at the University of Washington that affects me (positively) in my daily life.  Gonzalo is an incredible teacher and it is easy to reciprocate the enthusiasm he brings into the classroom.  Gonzalo is knowledgable, accessible, and understanding.  Take this class.
5.0 : Gonzalo is THE GOAT. He truly cares about your education and well being which is very hard to come by on the UW campus. This class is definitely life changing in a positive way, I probably learned the most in this class than any other. Here you don't learn just about society but also yourself which is important.
5.0 : This class was one of the most defining I have ever took at the University of Washington. I can't say enough about how necessary it is for all Huskies to take this class. It opens your eyes to what is actually happening in the world, and challenges you to step up and do something about it. I don't think anyone left this class without being inspired
5.0 : Psych 250 was easily the most influential class I have taken during my time at the University of Washington. Professor Guzman is incredibly approachable and the course material was engaging. This class was essential in steering me towards the career I hope to pursue and I would recommend it to any and everyone.
5.0 : I took this class as a senior, and can honestly say it is  arguably the most meaningful/valuable class at UW. It's exploration of race will not only broaden your understaning, regardless of your race, but make you into a better person. This is all accomplished by Professor G, who is committed to you not only as a student, but as a person.
5.0 : Professor Guzman is a dedicated educator with a natural ability as an orator. His approach to teaching and lectures highlight the fact that individual students' experiences matter within the classroom. This approach fosters a sense of safety, even when discussing deeply personal and systemically-ingrained forces such as racism and power structures.
5.0 : Psych 250 is an incredible class that really opened my eyes to race and racism, and inspired me to take action in my community. This class is an absolute MUST for every student at the University of Washington. Gonzalo is an amazing teacher who expects alot from his students, but is willing to give just as much and I would take him again any time.
5.0 : This was the best class I've ever taken in my life, let alone in college. It completely changed the way I interact with others and made me realize more about how racism functions in our lives than I ever knew. Gonzalo created an environment that allowed the students to feel more like a family than a group of strangers. 10/10 must take this class.
5.0 : Hands down, the best class I have ever taken in my college career. Gonzalo is one of the most if not THE most passionate and dedicated professors at the UW. This class literally changed the way that I think about EVERYTHING so I highly HIGHLY recommend taking this course!
5.0 : Professor G is one of my favorite instructors at any institution. Not only is the class material deeply interesting and educational, but relevant to everyone's life. You'll leave PSYCH realizing how little you truly know, with the desire to find more answers and change the world around you. Guzman is a wealth of knowledge who's there for you.
5.0 : This teacher did a fantastic job of teaching an insightful and informative class on race relations in the United States. His analysis of racial identity formation and racism was thorough and comprehensive, and his lectures were very engaging. You can definitely tell that he is invested in his students' well-being and understanding of the material.
2.0 : Gonzalo means well and is smart, but he creates an echo chamber in his classroom. I didn't really learn anything; you don't do much work. Gonzalo is passive aggressive if you don't agree with what he says. It's an easy 4.0 and some material is interesting, but don't expect more than one perspective or to feel comfortable expressing other opinions.
5.0 : CHSTU 200  is by far one of the best classes I've taken. You get out of this class what you put into it. This wasn't just a class where the professor just lectured at you. Instead, it was discussion based where student opinions were valued along with evidence from the readings and lectures. It changed the way I think and view Latina/os and myself.
5.0 : I just want to thank Gonzalo for the knowledge I obtained in his course: Education in  Making of Race. The class completely flipped the script on how I thought about public schools. It made me angry to learn about the role schools played in maintaining racial boundaries and the oppression that students of color experienced.  Take this class!
5.0 : Gonzalo is a G. He is an instructor that actually cares about your opinion in class and admits when he is wrong. It's pretty apparent that he cares about his students and is very excited about the content. This class was an easy 4.0 but you still got to do the work. Overall this class transformed my outlook on race in schools and was inpsirational.
5.0 : easy A teacher as long as you show up, he understands the college struggle and gives you a 4.0 if you attempt the assignments :)
5.0 : Has a lot of thought-provoking content and discussions. There's always a mix of serious and humorous, and always relevant, content to keep people engaged. There's no tests involved, just two presentations and in-class and homework journals. Really just a chill class and a chill professor. No rubric because doing the work is essentially an A.
5.0 : Best class! So important. It won't always be easy and you won't always want to go to class, but if you truly commit yourself to learning and empathizing you will truly change for the better.
5.0 : Easy class! It's very eye opening and no textbook. Got nearly 100% on every assignment. Readings are interesting but we are not tested on them. Clicker questions are not graded. No midterm exams. Group project. Changes the way I see race.
5.0 : Easy A, you gotta go to class everyday because theres a sign-in sheet but besides that, just relax and throw on some netflix.
4.5 : Gonzalo was a great teacher, but the class is very emotionally intense because a lot of what we're learning is about racism. He was very clear about the assignments, and he's also a very fair grader.
4.5 : BEST CLASS EVER. Gonzalo was perfect for this class, and if you talk to him he's really there for you. A lot of reading, you don't really need to do it, but it's all very interesting so reading can be enjoyable. Awesome lectures. Emotionally intense, in the best way possible. Some white students felt uncomfortable but I truly never did. TAKE HIM.
4.5 : Absolutely loved this class, and have recommended it to everyone I know.
5.0 : WOW. Take this class. It will 100% change the way you think about race. It's not hard to get a good grade; however, it can be very emotionally taxing, and you get out of the class what you put in. Gonzalo is a GREAT guy and an excellent professor: fair, accessible, and poised. You won't regret PSYCH 250!!  P.S. it's also a very safe space for POC!
5.0 : I signed up for this class for the 4.0 but in the process discovered a class unlike anything UW offers. What you learn in this class will change the way you see your peers and the world. The topics discussed are emotionally disturbing, but in time worth it. I have never gotten as much out of a class as I got out of this one. Gonzalo is a beast!
5.0 : John is a great professor and he's very very easy-going. He knows what he's doing and is understandable and genuine. He cracks some good jokes too. 10/10 would recommend for a language prof.
3.0 : Hamed genuinely cares about students and wants you to understand the material. Don't be afraid to ask questions; he's very receptive and makes all questions seem worthwhile. The exams are very difficult and the class is very tough, but he gives you the tools to succeed; you just need to put in the effort, because nothing will be given to you.
5.0 : Last Name: Ever. First Name: Greatest.
5.0 : Take Hamed's class.  He is passionate, cares about his students, and to top it off its not that hard of a class when compared to most other Foster classes.
5.0 : Hamed is an awesome professor. He's really passionate about project management and he knows how to teach not just lecture. Pay attention to the different probability distributions section. There's a Humming Bird case that can get really difficult if you don't pay attention. Cases are done in groups so pick your partners wisely.
4.5 : FAN-TAS-TIC. I thought I was going to hate this class but ended up loving it! homeworks could get tough but he's always willing to help to clarify! A+ is more than doable if you give in a good effort. Tests are fair as long as you are consistent with your concept.  Take him! The absolute best! Made me seriously consider a second option
5.0 : Mamani is awesome. He's an effective lecturer and will explain concepts in multiple ways. The midterm and final are challenging, but not impossible. He will make you work for your grade, but by the end of the class you'll walk away with a greater understanding and appreciation of operations management and its importance in business. Take his class!
5.0 : I'm in his class right now and I love it. He made me love Project Management. His lectures are engaging and makes you want to go into the field. Tests are not super easy but fair.
4.5 : Great professor and you could tell he is very passionate about the subject. Always willing to help students. The first few weeks can get tough, but the second half of the quarter is a lot more straightforward. Take him for OPMGT!
4.5 : Amazing professor who is passionate about the material and he really wants his students to learn. Very approachable and always ready to help. The lectures are interesting and engaging.
3.5 : I'm not a word-problem person so this was really hard math for me. His textbook is really not helpful at all. To pass and do well, you must invest extra time outside of class to meet with him in office hours for extra help. He is very willing to help and accommodate but this is a really tough class
3.0 : I could not not keep up with the pace of his teaching. The tests are also very difficult because he really tries to challenge his students . It's hard because he will teach the concept and give easy examples of them and then on the quizzes he gives very hard story problems to solve that he doesn't prepare us well for. He's nice and funny though.
5.0 : Great professor!!! He has great explanations and is so enthusiastic in lecture. He doesn't even make you buy a textbook, he has an entire course pack that he made himself with his own examples. All around wonderful guy and class, highly recommended
5.0 : Best instructor ever. Very inspirational in class and giving great examples to help you understand statistical models. He is the best person to go for questions
5.0 : Great teacher who was enthusiastic in lecture and pretty organized when it came to course material.  Quizzes were more difficult than the tests.
5.0 : Best Professor at UW!
5.0 : I loved Erich! I took this class because it was an Informatics prerequisite, but I ended up loving statistics so much that I wanna minor in it as well! He's so engaging and high-energy that I didn't even feel dazed or sleepy like I usually do in lecture. Even if you aren't a "math person," I really recommend taking a class with him!
5.0 : Erich was really caring and an amazing professor. He really makes you work for it and get your money's worth in his class. We used a course packet he made during lectures, which were great because they engaged me during lectures and included very nice extra materials and tips. His lectures were very organized and he is really enthusiastic!
5.0 : Great class layout, extremely clear teaching style, funny, homework was very manageable and his expectations are very reasonable
5.0 : I love Erich! Great lecturer!
5.0 : great guy, extremely enthusiastic, actually managed to keep me awake at 9am every time. best professor ive had at the UW
5.0 : Best professor ever.
5.0 : Great professor! So sad he is leaving UW. Take his class and you can learn a lot.
5.0 : Erich is a wonderful professor, he can explain things clearly
5.0 : He's one of the most enthusiastic professors at UW. He uses a lot of real life examples. Too bad he's leaving to Maryland.
5.0 : This is one of those classes where I learned a lot but the grade doesn't reflect that. Erich is one of the best professor I have had at UW. He's funny and engaging during his lectures. He kept me awake at 9AM. The midterm and final are really tough. Grading is fair though. There is a lot of material covered and it goes fast. Sad he's leaving UW.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. His lectures are stunning and he is kind enough to make the class very interesting and enjoyable. He cares about students and academic integrity. Exams are pretty easy if you get what he teaches in class. The only thing with pressure is taking frequent quizzes(4 quizzes, each takes 40 min).
5.0 : Probably one of the best professors here at UW. Very helpful and will take time to make you succeed. Definitely take this class if you can
5.0 : Having him as a professor was a complete game changer. One of the kindest ppl you will ever meet. Having a nice teacher makes such a difference in how you learn. He made the material come alive and exciting to learn.I never wanted to miss class- lots of opportunities outside of class to get help. Study groups and study the course pack. Take notes!
5.0 : Erich is definitely the BEST professor in UW. He's so good at explaining the material and he really cares about the students. I hated statistic before taking his class - now I love it!
5.0 : Erich is noticeably passionate about and dedicated to the success of his students. His lectures are very engaging and articulate, with a clear cut and easy to follow format. The content itself is somewhat difficult, but Erich certainly provides students with all the tools and resources to succeed in his class (i.e. practice problems, office hours)
5.0 : He is an amazing teacher, so energetic at 9:00 AM that you almost get annoyed with it, but then you realize he never fails to keep you awakewanting to learn. This wasn't an easy class, but if you put in the work for it and go to his help sessions it will definitely pay off! Love this class.
5.0 : I really, really, really enjoy his lecture. Also put a lot of effort in this class but I think it worth. He is an amazing lecturer and professor.
3.0 : Oh boy, Erich was quite a quirky fellow. His course guide was necessary to follow along, as he had it completely memorized. The class was not easy, but you really learned a lot. Make sure if you begin to fall behind to get help immediately! The concepts keep coming back to haunt you.
1.5 : TOUGH TOUGH TOUGH Exams and homework. Quizzes are very unreasonable, a lot of confusing questions just to trick you. Don't take his class if you want to get into foster. Almost no one got a 4.0 this quarter.
4.5 : Erich is an amazing professor. For a class that's over an hour long, it definitely doesn't feel like it. He has tons of enthusiasm for the subject so it's much easier to listen to him. He's friendly to people that participate in class and doesn't make you feel dumb. Going to class is a must but he makes it enjoyable. Hard class but great prof.
5.0 : Erich is debatably the best professor I've taken at UW. He cares so much about the success of every student in his class and is incredibly passionate about the material.  The class itself is difficult, but he gives his students every opportunity to succeed if they're willing to put in the work.
5.0 : Erich is one of the best professor on the UW Seattle campus. He is caring and will go out of his way to make you successful. He describes himself a "creature of habits" so study old quizzes and exams to perform well. The class is heavily weighted on quizzes and exams but again, he uses old test questions. He is an amazing lecturer! Great man!!!
4.5 : Erich S-E is an amazing professor! He is good at keeping his students interested during his long lectures and cares that they learn. He is definitely one of the most peppy professors I've ever had. Erich S-E also recommends career paths that relate to the class. Tests are tough and you should never skip class. No textbook. Need the course packet.
4.5 : Had to write a comment on this guy just because I thought he was such an amazing prof. He does his best to add energy to his lectures, which is definitely mandatory to staying awake. He provides every opportunity to succeed through office hours, help sessions, and always asking for questions or clarity. He says "Good deal" a lot too lol.
5.0 : Erich is a very ACTIVE and outgoing professor - he'll definitely keep you engaged during class. He wants his students to LEARN, not just get the answers. I was worried about my grade in this class, but if you go to office hours to get help, you'll be fine. Utilize the coursepack (great resources!) for test prep, but the Humongous book wasn't used.
5.0 : Erich is one of the best professor that I have in UW. His passion in the content motivates me to go to lecture. He is really caring and hopes everyone do well. I recommend everyone to go to his professor hours!
5.0 : Great lecturer! be sure to attend his lectures because sometimes on quizzes he'll ask something from the lectures that is not on the textbook or completed notes. Go to office hours
5.0 : Professor Kamen is honestly the best. She is so passionate about Classics and you can really see the excitement in her face when she lectures. I took both 320 and 329 with her and I loved the material. She gives study guides each lecture, and the midterm and final pull exact questions from them. I am now a classics minor! She is amazing!
5.0 : Dr. Kamen is the best. She really cares if we learn or not. She is super friendly and ready to answer any questions. Do not buy the textbooks. You will not need them at all. Final is exact same format as midterm with one extra essay between them. She pulls her questions directly from the study guides provided. Must go to class though.
5.0 : I've had this teacher 4 quarters now for Greek. She's lovely. She answers any question, even if it seems completely random, and she really cares about her students and wants them to learn.  She clearly loves the subject material. Her assignments and tests are not difficult but you have to put in effort. I adore Kamen so much.
5.0 : AMAZING PROFESSOR. Wants her students to succeed!! Keeps class interesting and gives you a list of terms and SQ that you can bring to class! You don't need to buy the books. The list of terms and SQ's are EXACTLY the ones you'll see on the exams, and she covers them all in class! 2 midterms and 1 final. Easy memorization! No surprises! Take her!!
4.0 : She's so sweet!! She WILL push you to do your best, but through this your French will improve so much! She's also a native French person, so she brings very interesting perspectives to class. She's got a fabulous sense of humor too. I'm usually super shy in class, but Helene is so wonderful I was able to break out of my shell!
5.0 : Helene is INCREDIBLE. She was the lead for my quarter-long study abroad in France and was the best professor/tour guide/surrogate mom we could ask for! She is incredibly knowledgable, warm, caring, funny, and helpful. She helped me work out some tricky grade conversions, the right path for my major, and a few hiccups during the study abroad
5.0 : Helene is a wonderful person and professor. I learned so much because she made sure that each class was super engaging and got us talking a lot. Her quizzes are difficult but she provides extra credit and will work very personally with you if you need extra help. Her class was also very grammar-heavy but that's common in the French department.
4.0 : I love Helene, she's like my school mom. If you are willing to put in the work she will do anything to help you be better and do better than you thought you could. She is very clear with her expectations and the work load in the 300 level courses. And although she is a tough grader, she writes all the french exams so there aren't any surprises.
4.5 : Amazing and passionate teacher. He is young but teaches better than MOST of the older professors I've taken classes with. Will go to far extents to make sure everyone understands a concept. I wouldn't say he is an "easy" grader, but he is a very FAIR grader. Won't take away deserved points that some professors enjoy doing. Highly recommended class!
3.5 : He alright
5.0 : Best professor I've had at UWT. Very engaging lectures, funny, really cool guy. Will answer any questions and doesn't make you feel dumb for asking. Laid back atmosphere for the most part but you do need to study for the exams and quizzes. Quiz on almost every chapter, but no cumulative final. Loved this class!!
5.0 : Wonderful quarter with Heritage again. Great professor who really knows the material and conveys it well. I highly recommend taking this course with him.
5.0 : Professor Heritage was an amazing professor. He filled in for Professor Dean and did an outstanding job. Best law class I have ever had. Stay focused in class, do extensive research on the law memorandums, and you will do be fine.
4.0 : I really liked the professor for this class. She's really nice and the general vibe of the class is pretty chill and fun. However, most of the classes were of her talking (not really) about the texts for two hours straight and people were zoning out. The 10-page term paper can be a drag, but she's not a harsh grader at all so it was all good.
5.0 : One of my favorite classes of all time. I loved the multiplicity of perspectives on WWII presented through memoirs, literature and historical texts. Marianne Stecher knows how to teach--interesting readings, informative lectures, videos, guest speakers, great class discussions, and meaningful assignments including a research paper. I recommend it!
4.5 : One of my favorite UW professors!  Opened a new world for me in thinking about fairy tales and popular culture texts.  Very knowledgeable and cares about all her students, too.
4.0 : The class was pretty boring, but she was an easy grader. A lot of class and group discussions. Coming to class wasn't exactly mandatory... just come on the day when discussion questions are due to get your participation points. There was just one exam (final), but there was a 8-10 page paper about the books you read for class.
5.0 : I took two of Professor Stecher's classes, SCAND 312 and SCAND 462. Both were great! Lectures were interesting, Marianne genuinely cares that her students learn, and she's  super knowledgeable. The grading criteria is clear, so if you follow directions, you should do well. You do have to try, because they aren't easy reads, but it's worthwhile.
5.0 : I really liked this class. I learned lots of interesting things from her. It shows that she loves what she teaches. There is a 10 page essay I did that almost made me drop the class. It honestly wasnt that bad. There is lots of readings too some are interesting some are. I loved this class.
3.0 : This course was surprisingly very interesting and not difficult at all. Prof. Stecher is comedic and knows her stuff but is unorganized and tends to not reach everything in her lesson plan. She also has a ridiculous participation points policy that you can get just by showing up for the first ten minutes and writing your name on a piece of paper.
3.0 : She is a very fun and interesting teacher. She expects participation, but my class was always dead silent, so it doesn't really matter. The books she chooses are pretty interesting and pretty easy to read, but are long. The class is SUPER easy till the last couple weeks with the term paper and in class essay final.
4.5 : Gives very helpful feedback, but you need to ask for it specifically (the rubric wont help you much). If you do the readings, actually revise your papers, and participate a bit in class - you'll be golden.
4.5 : Prof. Rosenberg is amazing, she's very nice and helpful and makes you feel like you're always doing the right thing! However, sometimes she gets lost in the weeds and expects more than what she teaches for example we never really go over writing expectations. It's just you and the rubric. But overall she's great and always there to help!
4.0 : Professor Rosenberg is great! She offers excellent feedback, is always available to help, and extremely encouraging. As long as you do the readings and homework, you'll be great!
4.5 : Good at clarifying information.
5.0 : Professor Rosenberg is a great. She is very kind, and puts a lot of effort into her class. She cares about her students success, and creates a great environment for her students to learn. In our gender/writing class, there was a lot of essays and reading involved. We never once had a quiz, but there is a lot of group work involved.
5.0 : Japhet is the best German teacher I have ever had! He is patient, kind and has unlimited ways of explaining things.  He is truly committed to his students.  He has a laid back grading style, but this surprisingly helped me improve my German more than traditional grading methods had. If you want to improve your German, take his class!
5.0 : He's very helpful and nice to students. He would do anything to help his student raise their grades. You have to do all the readings, but you dont really need to know specific details of them. I just skimmed thru and tried to write good essays. I got an A
4.5 : Super passionate about his teaching and the topics. He extends out to all of his students and encourages many ideas even from the quieter people. He sets the classroom up to be a fun, understanding, and respectful area and makes everyone comfortable. Great Prof.
3.0 : Very subjective grader. Seems to place a label upon people and what grade they should receive. Hard to get solid feedback to improve. If you don't feel it the first day, drop the class.
4.5 : Very good teacher and very helpful when you need help. Plus he makes the class very engaging and not boring at all. Very good teacher and would take a class from again if I can.
5.0 : After 4 years of college Gardner remains one of the best, if not THE best professor I've ever had. He is clear in class and loves what he does. The subject matter wasn't something I was even interested in but he made me passionate about it. Can't say enough about how great he is. Still say hello every time i see him in the halls.
4.0 : I thought it would be another research class (researching then writing the paper.) I was wrong. Prof Gardner makes the class engaging as a whole! He's very enthusiastic and uses a lot of interesting activities pertaining to the topic of culture. The research process was different than I expected, but it helped. I'm taking him again next quarter!
4.5 : Very intelligent.
5.0 : Everyone else has it right - Brad is so smart. He's also very down to earth... doesn't talk down to students but still manages to make a teaching point out of anything. He runs a very flexible syllabus based on class interest/pace which is nice. He has actually mastered the "art" of teaching. Also, go to his office hours.
5.0 : Great and extremely intelligent professor. Knows his material like the back of his hand. Teaches the class with a bit of a dry tone, but keeps things interesting by starting class discussions. His jokes are great though, a good kind of awkward. The actual work is a lot of soak in, coming to class is almost a necessity.
5.0 : Atkinson is a great and out-going professor. I had her for the BIS 499 course, in which she was clear on grading criteria, gave helpful feedback, and just generally very friendly and helpful. I was not expecting to learn new material and such because this is a standard course meant for the IAS exhibition/graduation, but I definitely recommend her.
4.5 : Very nice! I loved when she would lecture! The stuff she taught was very interesting. She is definitely my favorite so far. I felt like she got to know me well. And i thought she was funny. She is a little strict sometimes and may seem intimidating but shes very kind.
3.0 : The amount of information that Jennifer throws at you is a bit overwhelming. You are expected to read so much it's ridiculous. I stopped doing the readings about 1/3 of the way in because it was impossible to keep up.
5.0 : This class you definitely have to show up to lectures and you have to do the assigned readings. I only had two tests and two papers. For each of the tests I got a study guide that she made the test from and got to take a full sheet of notes. It's an easy class if you show up and do the work. She is also a great lecturer, very clear voice.
5.0 : Great professor, really helpful, take this class if you can.
3.5 : The course material is interesting and the readings are (usually) interesting as well. However, she has trouble keeping her lectures on time. By our midterm she was a full day behind in lecture. This is related to her tendency to go off on random tangents and take all questions.
4.0 : Urbanski is an amazing teacher who tries to make learning about history interesting. The lectures can get a bit dry and her powerpoint are difficult to follow but overall it's not a big deal. The exams have complete study guides you can use while taking. The 2 papers were the most difficult; although, the first one does have an optional re-write.
5.0 : Prof. Urbanski made what I thought would be a boring class, interesting and engaging. She is flexible and great at answering questions. Even though her tests and quiz sections were relatively easy, I learned so much more in this class than any of my other ones. I definitely recommend! However, get all the books and prepare to read and go to class!
5.0 : Professor Urbanski is hilarious and obviously loves teaching what she teaches. The lectures are a little fast paced, so be ready to write a fair bit. You also get the majority of your information from lecture. The readings can be long, but she does an excellent job of explaining them. I've had her for two classes, and am taking another!
4.0 : Professor Urbanski is a fantastic lecturer. The two tests are very easy and if you do the readings and show up to quiz section the two essays are not that hard. She will always answer your questions and is very friendly. I would definitely take more of her classes. Overall a fun and easy A.
4.5 : Notes allowed for midterm and final. As long as you go to lecture and do the reading it is very easy. Be warned that it is a lot of reading. Make sure you start the note sheet early enough.
5.0 : Lectures clarified reading material; good at emphasizing the big questions and issues; terrifically knowledgable; never arrogant or negative; excellent at encouraging and dealing with questions .
5.0 : She is my favorite professor. Her enthusiasm really makes 2 hours go by fast. Highly recommended.
3.0 : Lectures were entertaining; however, breadth was emphasized over depth to a serious fault. Rigorous grading on essays and tests. Easy in-class reading questions rewarded student participation. Granted extensions. Friendly but firm.
5.0 : Prof. Urbanski is an amazing teacher. Definitely take a class with her if you have any interest at all in medieval history. She cares about students and you will enjoy coming to class!
4.5 : Urbanski is great. Like most history professors she has her quirks and her off days but overall she's a great professor. Really passionate about the topics and extremely helpful in showing you how to improve your writing. The class involves a lot of reading but she's good about clarifying anything that's confusing. Highly recommend.
4.5 : Took her for both HSTAM 112 and 365. She is easily the best lecturer I've had in my time at UW. Exams are easy but the papers she assigns sometimes aen't. That said, if you ask for help you will get it and she is always happy to help so long as it is not a question easily answerable by looking at the syllabus or the assignment handout
5.0 : Charity's classes are awesome! She really makes the history come alive. I couldn't wait for the next class each time to find out more about what we were reading. She has very clear grading criteria and expectations and is fair. Highly recommend!
4.5 : She is a fantastic and engaging lecturer. For the midterm and final, she gives all possible exam questions *and* allows a typed, front and back cheat sheet. Makes it sound easy, right? Well, the analysis is what's emphasized. You really need to actually learn the material to do well, so you can synthesize the info. Paper grading is fair.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors so far. She is very energetic and engages you through her lecture which makes the content easier to understand. She knows what she is talking about and is great at communicating her knowledge. You do have to show up to the lectures and do the assignments but if you're interested in the content it really isn't that bad.
2.0 : Some of the same things other have said: not organized; no lesson plan; makes you watch irrelevant videos; pretends to be tech savvy but doesn't uploads your grades onto canvas; not approachable; use buzzwords; vague instructions on assignments; illegible, unhelpful feedbacks; Obsessed with your final presentation being exactly 5 minutes.
3.5 : I like the professor overall, however I often believe she's forgotten it's an intro course. Also, she reminds you often that you need to understand xyz to do xyz but we've yet to learn the ways we go about understanding anything! I feel that is a big fail on the course. We talk about the fact that people are fans but never analyze why!
4.0 : I had no idea this class was going to be about video gaming. She is a very nice woman, but I felt like the class was very repetitive. It was hard to go to class every day because it was pretty boring. The papers are pretty easy if you follow the rubric she puts out. Participation is part of your grade but I didn't make it to every class.
5.0 : Wanda has been an inspiration and big help on not only pointing out how can I apply my communication, social skills, and writing skills but also encouraging people to be free to pursue their passion and helping them out. She's been a lot of great help and I would gladly take a class with her again if I could.
4.5 : Loved this class! He's an amazing instructor ! I had him my first quarter at uw &amp; he helped ease the transition from high school to college.
5.0 : Mexica is by far the best instructor that I've had. He is excellent at facilitating in-class discussion and presenting deeply intellectual concepts surrounding not only the course texts but their connections to the real world as well. In saying, you will find tremendous connections to your own life. Taking his class positively changed mine.
4.5 : Mexica was admittedly a difficult teacher. I was never quite sure what he was looking for with each paper. There was also a lot of papers to write, especially for a freshman English class.  However, he proved to be very helpful and approachable to not only me but the rest of my fig outside of class. I ended with a 3.7.
5.0 : I have had several courses with her over the last couple years. Ranging from C# to Cyber security related classes. You will not find better books from any course period! I don't know where she gets such wonderful books. I assure you, there are good choices in books out there,then there are the ones Yan Bai chooses for your education.
5.0 : I've Had Bai for several classes, all of them are basically structured the same, lecture then lab. She is my favorite teacher, she really cares about you learning. If you don't understand something she accommodates, she'll even change her curriculum. Very helpful, very kind. Would definitely take her for  any class!
4.0 : Loved this class. Very easy to do well because the TAs put together a very comprehensive study guide... just put in the time to remember everything because the tests are short answer and it's easy to miss points if you don't have the key words. On another note, I never went to lecture and I did just fine because he has recordings of the lectures.
4.0 : Overall, this class was decent. I passed with a very high grade and did very little of the assigned reading thoroughly, however. It's not that the reading wasn't interesting, it's that everybody else understood even less of it and there weren't tangible consequences for not doing it. Group projects are kinda boring. Lectures can drag. Not too bad.
5.0 : Olin is an awesome, passionate graduate student. I am fortunate to get into a 30 people size class, he uses mixed tools of both ppt and board writing. He is also extremely helpful in office hour.
5.0 : Interesting lectures and very helpful. You will get a great grade if you just go to every class!
5.0 : I could not have done this class without him. Lecture was very diffucult to follow and understand, but sections with Olin cleared everything up. Definitely one of the most competent TAs i've ever had.
5.0 : Olin is one of the best TAs in UW. He is clear in teaching and always try to make the concepts closer to everyday life. Also, he is hot. No reason not to show up in class.
5.0 : He's seriously the best. He has that rare element of someone who can simultaneously deliver lectures that are engaging, funny, AND a very good academic overview of the topic. The tests were challenging, which was fine because he offered plenty of group and in class work for people who's strength were in that area. Really approachable too.
5.0 : As a freshman, I was terrified of taking a 400 level course but I really wanted to take a mythology course. This course has been by far one of my favorite classes taken so far at UW. Zientek is hilarious in lecture, very knowledgable, and knows what she's doing. Be sure to have a laptop and type your notes because she talks fast and lots to cover!
5.0 : It's been about 2 years since I took this class. Geoff is one of the main reasons I am an accounting major. He is seriously awesome and although not technically a full-time UW professor, he really should be. He's one of the best instructors I've ever had.
4.5 : Dr. Shannon was very fair and did a good job making me feel comfortable with the material. She was so friendly and nice and when I went through a tough time she helped me through it. Maybe my best prof ever :)
5.0 : This has been a difficult class in terms of the material but I've learned a lot. Dr. Ewanick is really easy to understand and is fair. She is also one of my favorite profs to watch teach... This is the best prof I've had so far.
4.0 : The spring lab class was a lot of work and had lots of group activities which didn't always go well. The course tho was fun and interesting even though it was NOT easy. Prof is really young but she is smart and cute. It is nice to have a prof who really seems to care.
4.0 : This was the lab class offered in the spring.  Shannon was always available to answer any questions and give suggestions for the projects.  Lots of group presentations required.  Papers require high level of professionalism, organization, and detail.
1.0 : She is a nice person sure. But everything else about this class sucks. It is a writing class graded on a curve (wtf?) She provides feedback on drafts, and even after incorporating this feedback you do worse on the final. It is like nothing you do can make her think your work is actually good. This class is more work than my 5 credit english class.
5.0 : It is a bit of a different class than I was expecting but the prof is really nice and helpful. I am usually a bit shy to get help but she is really easy goings and makes it fun and stress free to go to office hours. It's not an easy class but I've learned a lot. It really helps to carefully read and incorporate the comments.
4.0 : I was not sure what to expect but I liked it. Some things are confusing but paper making is fun to learn about. She totally deserves a chili and has a cute accent. I wish there was an extended version of the class so we could learn more processes because I'm just figuring it out and now the class is done.
4.0 : good class but hard
4.0 : Awesome professor but tends to go off topic. The class was very interesting and I enjoyed it. If you do the reading and go to class, you should be fine. Most people take it for their I&amp;S requirement.
2.0 : He is a nice guy but really boring. On the essay's he only cares about grammar. It is a easy class to get an A in.
5.0 : Good class. If you take notes on the readings and power points you should do fine on the pop up quizzes. Midterm is half multiple choice and an in class essay. He does take off a lot of points for mistakes in grammar! Fair grading
5.0 : Although there were textbooks this class was fairly easy! If you read the required text books then you'll do great on the exams. Lectures are group discussions! Be sure to take notes on everything that he says or writes on the board. Hands down best class i have taken so far! Would take another class with Chamberlain!
4.5 : Ed was very nice and I really enjoyed his class. Not very many participated in my class &amp; I felt really bad for him, therefore I participated as much as possible. He is a funny interesting guy &amp; his class in family secrets was EASY! The reading was also easy. Overall he was cool &amp; so was his class. He's a great teacher.
4.5 : He's a pretty cool guy. Very informative, and funny. He's awkward, but not in an uncomfortable kind of way, just a way that makes people laugh. Always start class with "Alright, we should go ahead and get started", but in kind of a Russian accent. Ed is extremely helpful and clear, you can ask him questions and he keeps the class interesting.
4.0 : Ed is probably the nicest person in the world! We read 3 books which are cheap/pretty easy to read. Main assignments are 3 EASY quizzes (lowest grade dropped), a mid-term, presentation, and a couple essays. Can use notebook on quizzes and 1 pg of notes for mid-term. Although he seems almost too nice, don't let that fool you. Ed is a TOUGH grader :/
5.0 : Ed was one of the best teachers I've ever had! He is so passionate about what he does and has great lesson plans. There are a few pop quizzes but he drops your lowest score at the end of the quarter. All of the required texts are so different from other classes and were great reads. He always gives great feedback on assignments too.
5.0 : Dr. Ed is an excellent professor. His class discussions are very engaging. He always gives great feedback on assignments.
3.5 : He is passionate about what he teaches, and it comes through in class discussions, which he facilitates pretty well. Interested in helping students focus their writing and back up ideas with evidence; not a very hard grader. Rather soft spoken; utilizes humor well in class.
5.0 : Dr. Chamberlain is extremely invested in his students and shows a profound passion for his studies. Definitely recommended.
5.0 : Awesome teacher! Gives great feedback via canvas.  A lot of reading required over multiple books.  He also uses comic books to illustrate a subject.  Expect some type of paper to be written for class and a group project.  We also went on a field trip to the art museum as part of the class.
5.0 : Very laid-back guy. Loves participation and people that have their own thoughts. Very discussion based class. Practically no homework or reading. Just 1 midterm, 3 or 4 quizzes, &amp; 2 projects. Takes the effort to know every student's name. Very calm and gentle talker. He gives amazing feedback on all assignments. He's pretty lenient with late work.
3.0 : Even though the class is not a writing class and you don't receive composition credit he is pretty tough when it comes to writing assignments. You don't really have to do any of the reading to get a good grade you can hear it all in class. Take good notes because you get to use note cards on tests. Overall class was ridiculously boring but not hard
5.0 : ed is a nice guy &amp; a good prof. his lectures are very clear &amp; organized, and he can facilitate class discussions well. he is a little awkward, but in an endearing kind of way.
4.5 : He knows a lot about the topic and draws on personal experience.  Allows students to express their own opinions, and makes them feel comfortable sharing.  Very supportive of students who really want to learn.  Easy on the eyes.
4.0 : Ed is a tough grader, but that made me triple-check all my work before turning them in. There were 4 different novels read in this course. They were information and challenging, but I wish we spent more time focusing on each one. He is kind, always providing the class with materials, snacks and extra credit options.
5.0 : Ed Chamberlain is by far the best teacher I've ever had. He clearly states his expectations and what will be assigned. He is extremely lenient on attendance and even let me make up a pop quiz! For assigned books, they are extremely cheap, as in 5-10 dollars which is awesome! I would absolutely recommend him!
5.0 : Incredibly interesting subject material presented by an expert in the field. Dr. Bassok is relaxed and easy to deal with.
5.0 : A very knowledgeable prof who is passionate about the subject and establishes a platform for great discussions.  Assignments are reasonable.
4.5 : Best professor in the department.  Marek is so passionate about his material and will challenge you a lot to help you to share his passion and understanding.  At times it may seem harsh, but he believes in his students and is an incredible teacher.  Wouldn't be the same student without him!  Take his class!
4.0 : Great teacher who cares about how students are doing in the class and is obviously passionate about the subject he teaches.  Very understanding with different difficulties students had with the class
3.0 : A really knowledgable, interesting professor who presents the class with new perspectives and interpretations on the class material. Can get a bit disorganized sometimes. Concepts can become a bit confusing and overly academic and wordy at times, hard to follow. I recommend this class-not your typical art history course! Marek is great!
5.0 : the best art history professor I ever know, he does have required readings but they are short, and he annotate most of the readings for you, the paper assignments are not difficult to write as long as you have been listening to his classes and go to the museum to see the artwork you're writing about. overall he's a great professor!
5.0 : Although this is was not my easiest art history course, I absolutely loved it! So interesting and loved coming to class. Grades hard but gives you an outline of what he wants &amp; is very clear. Do the readings and go to class and it's a piece of cake. Definitely going to try to take more of his classes.
4.5 : Marek is the best professor I've ever had. He's extremely knowledgeable and well-spoken. I took several of Marek's classes, and I always found them to be the most interesting, yet also most challenging. Under Marek's guidance, I improved both as a student &amp; as a writer, and much of what I learned from him sticks with me today.
4.0 : Marek was a great professor. I took a class by him about Picasso and although I was skeptical at first, I really grew to love the class and looked forward to going. Despite my relative lack of interest in Picasso specifically (to be honest I didn't read the description that closely), he was great! Enjoyable, knowledgeable, and pretty funny.
5.0 : Awesome lecturer, knows so much! I learned a ton in this class and now want to major in AH.
4.0 : Expect a couple essays, short daily quizzes on the readings (about 5-20 pages/night), learning catalytics every friday (mostly graded for showing up, a midterm and final. Tests are the hardest part because you must memorize exact dates for all pieces (not multiple choice; date when piece started/ended) as well as the artist name, material, meanings
5.0 : Marek is what every art professor should strive to be. He makes art relatable to his students without compromising its formality and complexity. Participation points are how he integrates learning, so show up everyday for the in class quizzes. I would take his classes again in a heartbeat, even as a non-art major.
4.0 : Knows his stuff for sure, but sometimes his lectures can be a bit repetitive or dry if you aren't indulged/interested in the work. Be prepared for ALOT of daily readings and quizzes on it, and the tests are basically just 85% memorization of dates/artists of work. Overall though a great prof and would recommend the class
5.0 : I found from Athena to Lady Gaga class to be extra boring, especially bothering at the end with Abramovic stuff. However, because Marek is so professional, he made every single session interesting and would engage students which made me connected to the class. Expect daily quizzes and lots of reading. He is very inspirational and knowledgeable.
5.0 : Marek is great. The ideas he taught are powerful, readings are intense for 200level class and all pdf files, but relevant to modern art issues and beautifully selected. If you have the ability of abstract thinking, you will find this class gradually turns itself into a ladder that allows you to climb on and reach the sublime beyond your presence.
5.0 : she is a great instructor who really knows the domain inside and out.
5.0 : very good lecturer.  Learnt a lot from her class and I'm using the algorithms I learnt from her class in my job now!
3.0 : Professor Xia is clearly very intelligent. However, I feel she has a hard time explaining concepts in lectures. For example- my class was very new to machine learning. Rather than framing the domain- we launched full long into a term long project, with little guidance. The same approach happened with each lecture (push forward regardless).
3.5 : I was intimidated by what she expected of us at first, but she is kind and makes her objectives clear. You really just have to read everything, attend class, and write down everything she says is important (because it probably is.) It's quite difficult, but I learned much more than I ever would have on my own. I definitely recommend her classes.
5.0 : Pacharee has been an amazing professor in the two classes I've had with her at NYU. In both ENGL200 and ENGL800 (Literary Interpretation and WoC Feminism &amp; Literature), she's been incredibly accessible, helpful, and all of her class sessions are informative, intelligent, and intellectually challenging. I could not ask for a better mentor!
5.0 : Amazing professor! Took his sociology class and we only had two exams and one final essay, as long as you study and know the material, you're good to go! Highly recommended!
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had. She really strives for all of her students to be proficient in Hebrew. She not only cares about your progress in Hebrew, but also about your life. She also is very accessible outside of class.
5.0 : Hadar is above-and-beyond the greatest. She is an EXCELLENT teacher who takes a personal interest in ways other professors don't bother to. She fostered an environment of collaboration between students of different skill levels, and went out of her way to make herself available for people who needed extra help. Learning Hebrew from her was a joy.
3.5 : Valerie also teaches at Green River CC where I took Writing: Social Sciences. She is super nice, explains things well during class, but is slow to reply to emails and grade papers. Often showed up 10 minutes late to class  and our class was only Mon. and Wed.(hybrid class). Grades easy and doesn't plan very well. 4.0 and I'm a bad writer!
5.0 : Probably the most valuable class that UW-T offers.  Fry brings in people who are financially successful - in practice, not just theory.  No academia bubbles, but real entrepreneurs who share their failures as well as their successes. If you're planning to launch something on your own, this is a must-take. Grading was a little harder than expected.
4.0 : Easy, straightforward, and mostly effective. There's almost no work required for this class, and no midterm or final, just a quiz every Friday, and a reasonable HW packet every week. It's nice, but sometimes its hard to force yourself to study and keep up with the material, since she doesn't really make you.
5.0 : Very calm professor, work load is not much, quizzes on Fridays. Your Thai will definitely improve and eventually become more fluent, will be continuing this language course
5.0 : She was such a helpful teacher.
5.0 : Best class I've ever taken. I swear this man could make anything fascinating. He is amazing, and you will learn so much. You definitely have to study HARD to get good grades on his tests, but if you put in the time you will be successful here. I am eagerly awaiting for him to teach more classes.
5.0 : This class with Palmer was hands down one of my top favorite classes in college.  He was helpful, funny, enthusiastic, and clear in explaining new concepts.  The class overall was thought-provoking and enjoyable. I'd recommend to take this class or any class with him as your teacher at least once.  It wasn't all that difficult either.
5.0 : He was a really good professor.  Always offered great help at office hours.  Also was very helpful in class.
5.0 : Turnovsky is hands down one of the most helpful, intelligent and understanding professors I've had. Not only are his classes interesting, he knows the material extremely well and fosters class discussions. Greatest thing overall? It's an easy class.
4.0 : First class with Turnovsky- glad I took his class. He knows what he's talking about. Lots of reading and attendance is important for a good grade, but he is a reasonable grader, and I do find the course material interesting. Take his class- you'll have to work, but he's a good professor. Didn't have a textbook for this class.
2.0 : This class was pretty boring. His lectures feel unfocused and lack enthusiasm. A lot of us weren't sure of what he wanted from us work-wise in the class, as he wasn't clear about his expectations. He gives a ton of reading but then when you go to lectures it doesn't tie in well.
3.5 : Geoffrey is a very smart instructor. He is very passionate about the topics that he covers in class. He's a fair grader -- it's hard to get a really good grade in this class though as 3 tests and 3 papers make up 90% of your grade. His lectures were clear, but tedious. I wouldn't mind taking another class from him.
5.0 : She is so passionate about what she does. Her class was already easy as it was but if you actually went to her office hours, she is really helpful and sweet. In my opinion, her lectures are more just for students to gain new insights. This class was so easy, only a few projects, homework assignments, no exams. Easy, easy, easy 4.0!
5.0 : He is awesome.
5.0 : Magda is the best professor I've had in the department!!! She is so caring and funny!
5.0 : Easily the best professor I've had at UW. She is so funny and all of her lectures were flawless and never dull. There are no tests which is nice and a little less stressful. The coding assignments were really fun and cool and the written assignments compliment what you are coding up really well. Would recommend in a heartbeat.
5.0 : She really cares about your learning and tries really hard to make sure everybody learns!
5.0 : Kristi is an amazing person and an excellent teacher. She is clear on expectations and grading is more than fair. Homework is easy: there is usually like a 5-10 minute assignment everyday. Tests are really easy. TAKE THIS CLASS!! You won't regret it.
5.0 : Could not recommend taking ASL from her more. So good!
5.0 : She is an amazing person and lecturer. She is kind and caring enough to explain things over and over again if something is not understood right away. She loves when students ask her questions about ASL and Deaf culture. 10/10 would take any of her classes again! In my opinion, she is the best out of all the ASL professors at UW.
5.0 : Kristi is an amazing ASL teacher. She is very very clear about what is going to be on the test and is nice enough to repeat things more times than she planed to during the test. She's very patient and it's clear she wants everyone to succeed.
4.5 : Take the course with her! She is an amazing professor! With those clear explanations and youtube videos, seriously, how can you not go to the lecture?!
5.0 : Clear, easy guidelines on how to get a 4.0. Plus there are loads of opportunities for extra credit. Subject matter is super interesting and she makes it even more fun! The final is optional. I would definitely recommend this for someone looking for a GPA boost or for an interesting class in general. TAKE IT
5.0 : Good start if you are interested in psychology. Easy open-book quizzes, 3 noncumulative midterms and 1 optional final. The lowest one is always dropped. Midterms are very straightforward and the final is really easy if you go to TA's office hours and look at where you get wrong at in midterms. Alex's CLUE review session is also highly useful.
5.0 : I would definitely recommend to take her for Psych 101. Tests are straight forward and lots of extra credit. I would recommend to attend lecture because thats where all the test questions are from. If you attend lecture, you dont really have to read the book.
4.0 : Chantel is very enthusiastic which makes the early class tolerable. Her class is easy to 4.0 if you do all the extra credit studies (highly recommended) but you will also learn a lot in this class. Overall I recommend her class!
3.5 : I would say that Dr. Prat is definitely the best professor you can take Psych 101 with. She does an amazing job at teaching and the class structure makes it easier to get a high grade. However, the only problem is that she is a bit arrogant. If she would get rid of that, she could easily be the best professor you will ever have at UW.
5.0 : Dr. Prat is an awesome teacher. It is an easy 4.0. If you can't get into her class, do not take a class with another professor for PSYCH 101.
4.5 : She is very enthusiastic about her work, and the best part about the class are the lecturesclass time. She gives you all the information you need for the Essays in these lectures but the essays themselves are very difficult. She will help you with them but to get a good grade you'll have to work for it. Definitely the best writing class Ive taken
3.5 : She definitely knows what she is talking about and explain things really well. The essays are pretty tough but she's willing to help.
5.0 : Betty is a fantastic lecturer, and she is so engaging which makes the class so interesting. However, her tests are exceptionally tricky, and put a damper on a student's interest because it can be difficult to interpret her questions, or you have infer things in the questions that she might have not actually mentioned on her lecture slides.
4.5 : Chris was more than helpful during my time in Math 102. His lectures were very clear and coming to class everyday really, really helped. Quizzes are every Friday and he gives out two midterms. He drops 3 hw assignments and two quizzes. I recommend taking this class before taking precalc, especially if you're rusty with Math.
5.0 : He is super helpful! He drops your lowest quiz grade and the 3 lowest homework grades. Two-thirds of his students move on to MATH 120.
5.0 : Chris is honestly the best math teacher ! He drops your lowest quiz and two lowest homework. He gives you extra credit for people who need to boost their grades up. He is very helpful, he takes his time to help the students. He cares about his students.
5.0 : Hands down my favorite professor I've had. Will definitely take all of his classes at some point as an EE student. Highly recommend--his lectures are extremely clear, he is one of the only professors I have had that includes videos of concepts covered in class uploaded for you to review, either for homework or studying for tests. TAKE HIS CLASS!
5.0 : Beauty and the Body was really discussion based. Prof Camp was really nice, and the discussions were "scholarly" but also fun and applicable to current events. I was never bored. I heard we had more homework compared to other seminars, but I genuinely enjoyed the class.
4.0 : Prof. Camp was a truly amazing teacher in Beauty and the Body. Although it seemed like it would be a non-academic class, she tied it to history and social issues so well. Very intriguing, and would take another class offered by her any day.
5.0 : Great classes, well thought out lectures and one of the top in his field. He is a great person as well if you get to know him, very knowledgable and funny guy. If you have any interest in birds he reacts positively and loves to help passionate students!
5.0 : An absolutely great professor! The way he teaches and assignments he gives out really get you think critically and professionally. Also, his feedbacks are detailed and useful. Although he doesn't have regular office hours, he is willing to chat with anyone who is interested in the subject. Great, well-respected professor and crow master.
5.0 : Erin was such an amazing professor. Very insightful and her lectures were always super interesting. Although there is a lot of reading to do, it directly correlates to the exams and the paper, so you basically study as you go. She's a very caring professor and is always available for help; emails back very quickly. Would take again!
4.0 : Erin Giffin really cares about her students and you can tell by the way she speaks that she is passionate about what she is teaching (Italian Renaissance Art). Though the exams are heavily based on memorization, she grades generously and understands that spelling is hard and that remembering dates is hard, so she gave us some space for error.
5.0 : Professor Giffin is really passionate about the material she teaches. I first thought that I was not going to do well in the class but going to her office hours and asking about the readings and pictures for details really helped. Take notes on the required images online and your set. She's an inspiring teacher as well.
4.0 : Erin always kept it interesting and gave you full detail about everything to do with Italian Renaissance art history. The midterms that consisted of image identification (good memorization necessary), short answers, and multiple choice. There were a couple of essay papers and weekly reading questions. Time consuming, but not too difficult.
5.0 : Really interesting class. Jason knows his stuff!
1.5 : The class structure was very unspecific. Jason assigned a lot of reading, but never a lot of writing, and when he did, he would "regret" giving us the assignment. Seemed like poor planning. His lectures were more like "brain storming" sessions and he blatantly ignored students with contrasting opinions to his. Tends to focus on himself.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Very relaxed setting but class discussions are extremely stimulating and thought provoking as well. Take this course.
4.0 : GEO 208 was interesting and informative. Professor Ellis's lectures were great. Exams are not very hard. Exams consisted of multiple choice, short answers, and one essay question. Read the book and attend class. Also, go to quiz section.
5.0 : Be sure to show up for class, but reading the textbook is not necessary. Most of it's covered in class, only read if you really don't get something. As a teacher he is excited and funny. His lectures are very interesting and he is open to a lot of questions from students. Quiz sections also had great TA's that help you through the worst concepts.
5.0 : He is a surprisingly funny guy who maintains an interesting class atmosphere. Although he does assign a relatively large amount of essays (usually 1 weekly), the essays are usually short and his lectures really clarify what he's looking for. He pushes you to improve and not attack you when he grades and thus generous when he grades.
5.0 : youtube videos are a great addition
5.0 : Great professor, great class!
3.5 : Lecture is like reading the handout material.
5.0 : If you want to take any of her classes - DON'T THINK TWICE. She is absolutely amazing, easily one of the best professors at UW. She really cares about her students - she will know you by name in a week and everything about the class is so personal. She is genuine, intelligent, clear in what to expect for exams and projects. Fair grader, inspring.
4.0 : There was a lot of very decentralized reading for this class; we had a compound textbook, a course pack, and a lecture packet every day. It was really difficult to study for the quizzes and exams because there was so much material to go over and the review sessions were in the middle of the day, when many of us (including me) had another class.
5.0 : My favorite professor and class in this school: definitely take her classes if you get a chance.
4.0 : Passionate lecture, easy exam. I am taking her chem 152 now, still enjoying the course.
5.0 : Absolutely amazing. Especially in comparison to the other lecturers, I guarantee you will not regret taking her class.
5.0 : Awesome professor! Took the time to explain concepts and very responsive to questions. She somehow managed to make an 8am Chem class fun and lively. Demonstrations took the place of labs and a significant online presence meant that you could watch lectures online. I wish I was a Chem major so I could take Chem 152 with her.
4.0 : I've had Craig for both Chem 142 and 152. Her lectures are clear and entertaining. Definitely worth attending. She's helpful and very fair. Her tests are straightforward, and study everything she says. Go to lectures, do Aleks, and do the worksheets, and review for exams.
4.0 : Dr. Craig is a great chemistry teacher. She gives a lot of clarity to the subject and makes sure that everyone understands what she is talking about. The demos are cool and she can be funny. However, tests are hard and she does not grade easily. But I did enjoy the class.
5.0 : I took the class last quarter. Her lectures were boring, but Dr. Craig is really helpful. Just make sure to participate in class, do the exam practices, and ALEKS then you will be fine. Overall, I enjoyed having class with her. I would take her again if she teaches higher level classes.
4.0 : I took her course last quarter, and continued with her this one. Usually in front of class a few minutes before to give students help if they need it, or just talk. Very laid back and nice. DON'T be afraid to ask questions, I felt I was asking too many. But she enjoys having a student who asks questions in front of 480 people. Highly Suggested!
2.0 : Her lecture slides are very hard to understand.She usually has just one example that runs through the entire lecture and this makes it hard to see how to do a problem.She also spends alot of time deriving the formulas then says"you won't need to know how to do this"which is a waste of time.You can tell she knows the material, but hard to understand
4.0 : She is extremely passionate about chemistry and really loves teaching it! She is hilarious and very animated during lecture. Her exams are extremely difficult though and her lecture examples can be confusing at times.
5.0 : Its a pass/fail class, what can I say.. super easy. Besides the fact that I rarely went to lecture (8:30 am class bleh), she still was an easy and interesting professor to listen to. She really knew what she was talking about and wasn't boring. Her lectures were crystal clear
1.5 : Just read the book. If you have questions, go to her office hours because she's more approachable then. During lecture, try to follow along or give her a sympathetic laugh for her failed attempt at humor (she scolded us for not laughing once). Don't question her methods because she's super defensive about them. Exams are difficult, but fair. Read.
3.5 : She tries to be funny during lectures and her lectures notes are very well structured. Tests are very hard and they are all multiple choice questions. She gives mock exams before the actual exams which is very helpful.
4.0 : I had 142 and 152 with her. She explains the contents clearly, and her tests are fairly easy. She is always passionate for teaching.
2.5 : Ok Craig isn't the worst teacher in the world but she is definitely not the best. She can be pretty unclear about things. Her tests are pretty hard in that the time you have to do them is really short, be prepared to work fast. Not that hard of a class but you have to work to get an A.
2.0 : Bluntly speaking, she is not easy. Her tests are all multiple choice, 5 points each. She's extremely sneaky. She intentionally puts small things in her questions to trip students up. Her tests aren't that fair. Her lectures are considered better compared to other teachers, but it's not like I learned much anyways. Warning: She's super conceptual.
4.0 : Clear, organized, and long lectures. Tests are all multiple choice which can be bad because she is tricky and she will always have a common or attractive wrong answer that you could easily get. Make sure you REALLY understand all the worksheets and  concepts. She will give you the equations you need on tests. She will get you on units and concepts.
5.0 : Colleen Craig is the best gen chem professor. The material is hard but she guides you through it with a good attitude and all sorts of ways to study and understand the material better. I liked her focus on concepts, and not just rote memorization; it'll really help you in later classes. Her expectations and grading criteria are clear.
4.0 : Dr. Craig is a really COOL professor! She is super funny and makes Chem lot more fun! Her tests are HARD ( but easier than Ginger!). make sure you understand all the concepts(Dr. Craig loves concepts!) Calculation problems in the exam are kind of tricky because you think you did it right.. the answer is there... and it's still wrong :P lol
4.0 : Heard horrible things about the gen chem series at UW from friends, so I put off taking it until my junior year. Now I have no idea why because Craig was fantastic! Lectures were really engaging plus she has a super 90's sense of humor which I appreciated. Tests were challenging but definitely fair - and she makes herself available if you want help
4.0 : She explains everything you need to know in lecture, and the worksheets/practice tests she prepares supplement the lectures well. If you watch the lectures, do the worksheets, and do the practice tests, you will ace this class.  I thought Chem 152 was much easier than 142, mainly because the material was easier and she taught it well.
4.5 : Dr. Craig is the best!! Extremely helpful and a little goofy at times so lecture was engaging. Really enjoyed learning about the topics in chem 152 and can honestly say that this is not a bad class if you put in work, read the book, and show some interest! Be prepared for some gnarly thermo concepts though. Overall: thoroughly enjoyed it!
3.5 : Dr. Craig is great. Her tests are tough, but she is a fantastic lecturer. My favorite lecturer yet, in fact.
4.0 : Dr. Craig is a great professor. She's the type of professor that if you have to move your schedule around a bit to get her, it's worth the hassle. 152 is definitely tough, but her lectures reinforce the textbook well, she gives ample study materials for the exams, and you can tell she really cares about the students. Plus, she's pretty funny.
4.0 : Tests this quarter were multiple choice.  Pace of the class was kinda slow, so we got behind in lectures quite a few times which was frustrating because we didn't cover all the content that 152 normally would.  Office hours don't help much because so many students go in and ask surface level questions.  Tests are about 50% conceptual.
4.0 : She is great, ive been taking the general chem series with her, I couldnt imagine having a different teacher. Her tests are really tough, It seems sometimes that no matter how much I study I still get the same grade. But shes an amazing lecturer, and I learn a lot. Make sure you understand HOW things work (conceptual) instead of just calculations
4.5 : One of the best general chemistry series teachers UW has to offer. Craig makes her lectures fun and less boring by making (sometimes lame, but still funny) jokes. Tests were all multiple choice, but evenly split between conceptual and calculations. Lecture notes are online. Tough tests, but she is very clear on what you should study for.
5.0 : Dr. Craig is a fantastic lecturer, gives great demos in class, and is just hilarious (occasionally swears in class and makes fun of herself). She knows the material super well and loves questions during office hours. She's super accessible outside of class either in OH or by meeting. The chem series is challenging, but she makes it interesting!
4.5 : It's definitely entertaining to watch her dance around and attempt jokes in class. She is actually very good at explaining the hard concepts.  Tests are difficult, but she is fair with the questions she puts on them. Some are on the conceptual side. It is a tough class, but she does a decent job in explaining the material so that it makes sense.
4.0 : It was a pretty straight-forward class and she helped as long as you asked. Definitely  go to office hours if you start to struggle with anything. But the hardest part is keeping up with the ALEKS homework. BTW, attendance is mandatory because she gives in class quizzes everyday.
4.0 : very clear lectures. however i feel like not everything is covered in lectures. master practice exams; I got some questions on my exam that are the same as prac exam questions. midterm and final class averages were quite high. some exam questions are tricky: she includes common incorrect answers in multiple choice options (ex: unit conversions
4.0 : Good instructor, well organized slides, available to print online. Exams are multiple choice, and fairly difficult (normal for chem). She uses Panopto for online lecture recordings, which doesn't show the slides very well, so online lectures aren't too useful. Practice exams and textbook problems help on tests. Takes way too long to grade scantrons
5.0 : Dr. Craig is an amazing professor who truly cares about her students. She works hard to make difficult material more comprehensible to students, and is always open to answering questions.
4.0 : I really loved Doctor Craig. You can tell she has a passion for teaching chemistry, and has a wicked sense of humor. While her classes are tough and averages on tests are generally low, success is possible is you pay attention in lectures. The content is explained really well and she manages to not make lectures mind-numbingly boring.
3.5 : Her class was interesting with many in-class experiments and hilarous description. But the grading was not really fair. I did pretty good on each exam, and I thought I could get 3.7 or higher, but resulted 3.4. Hard class, but could fully understand if put enough effort in.
3.5 : Do the textbook problems and go over handouts and you should be set for the tests. Easy to do well by doing the work and a little extra here and there
4.5 : Dr. Craig is a very good lecturer and educator. She is very straightforward about her expectation from her students so make sure to really study those section worksheets and practice midterms! Also, her explanations are very clear and she makes sure to follow up if she forget to mention something.
5.0 : Colleen teaches General Chemistry so obviously it is a somewhat difficult class.  She is a funny lecturer and is very nice in office hours or beforeafter lecture.  Overall she is regarded as being the best Gen Chem teacher.  Midterms and Finals are multiple choice; do worksheets and textbook problems to do well.  I had her for 142, 152, and 162.
4.5 : I loved her class! I really wanted to take her for CHEM 162, but it was so late and hard to get into. If it weren't for those reason, I would've definitely taken her! Very organized and clear about what she's going to test you on. Also, she's really FAIR!
2.5 : ezpz
4.0 : She's a great gen chem teacher. Her lectures were structured and clear. She's engaging and funny. She cares if you get the material or not. Ask for help and she will give it. Didn't give much supplementary material, but tests where pretty easy- some multiple choice and free response.
5.0 : The best gen chem professor at the University of Washington. Knows her stuff, I had a different professor for 142 and did marginal. Upon having Dr. Craig I flourished and became so interested in chemistry I switched to a chemistry major.
5.0 : Worksheets are pretty much exactly like the exam questions, so if you study those, you'll do very well. Very reasonable in her grading and very helpful.
5.0 : Tests are fair and just print out lecture notes.
4.5 : Craig is by far the best gen Chem professor at UW. She actually loves what she teaches and it shows. Her tests are tricky, but she gives mock exams that are incredibly helpful in preparing for them. She's super reasonable and just seems like a cool lady. She made 152 and 162 bearable for me. Don't take the series with anyone else!
5.0 : Such a great professor! I personally hate chemistry (with a burning passion) but with Craig it's completely bearable and I've been doing well above average on the midterms. You definitely have to study (it's a genchem after all), but out of all the chem teachers I've had she is by far the best. Some of the others are nightmares compared to her.
4.0 : Overall, good professor. Her tests were all multiple choice and she gave practice exams with a lot of problems very similar to what would be on the test.
5.0 : Dr. Craig is my favorite professor at UW so far. She cares about whether you understand the material and makes herself available for help outside of class. She's also hilarious and a very approachable person. 10/10 would recommend
4.0 : Loved Colleen! Her lectures aren't too boring and she's probably my favorite chemistry  professor at UW. Her tests can be tricky though, so go through old practice exams. You also need to read some of the textbook cause some of that stuff appears on tests.
3.5 : Craig is a pretty fair grader, but the tests themselves are pretty tough.  Her worksheets problems passed out in quiz section are the hardest problems you will get on the tests.  Most of her multiple choice questions are conceptual ones.
4.5 : Was fortunate enough to have Craig for the entire 100 series. Without a doubt one of the best teachers (not just profs) I've ever had. She's an amazing lecturer and breaks things down extremely clearly. Her tests are fair, all multiple choice, and she holds mock exams. Only issue is sometimes she gets behind on material bc she's answering questions
5.0 : I took Craig for the whole general chemistry series. She explains concepts well in lecture and cares about student's understandings. Her tests are fairly straightforward but can sometimes be difficult. I recommend doing the EOC book problems she suggests regularly as part of your studying. Definitely take her for gen chem if you can!
1.0 : I just cant with her. Also, stop swearing in lecture
5.0 : I have been with Dr. Craig for Chem 110, 142, and 152 this year and am incredibly sad to not have her for 162, or anything else. Craig is funny, knowledgeable, respectable, and overall great. Tests are pretty difficult, but so is chemistry so there's no escaping that. She's also on Panopto, so if you can't make it it's no big deal.
4.0 : Colleen may be quirky and annoying during lecture, but her lecture slides are organized, she's very on top of everything, and her tests are fair.
5.0 : I took both Chem 152 and 162 with her and loved her class! She's funny and sometimes a little scatterbrained, but wonderful nonetheless. Be sure to read the textbook, understand the worksheet problems, and DO HER SUGGESTED PRACTICE PROBLEMS. If you can do the book problems, you can do the test problems.
4.5 : Her lectures are extremely helpful and it's nice that if you miss one you can watch it online. The tests aren't easy but they are fair. I would recommend.
4.5 : It is clear Dr. Craig really knows her stuff and is genuinely interested in the material. Lectures go by pretty fast and are usually very interesting. Tests are a little tricky but do the worksheets and you won't have a problem.
4.0 : I had Prof Craig for 152 and 162. She gives all the tools to succeed but the concepts can be hard to wrap your head around. Take advantage of office hours, section worksheets, and practice exams and you will know what to expect on exams. She was fun and enthusiastic in lecture! Overall class was enjoyable
3.5 : She didn't teach us the things that other chemistry classes were taught (she wasn't able to catch up to them). I have taken her 152 class as well and her exams are SO difficult. Not possible to take her class without ruining your GPA.
2.0 : Can not believe how terriblely she explains topics in class. She likes to illustrate points in many perspectives, which makes this class more complicated.
4.0 : Colleen was great for lectures. Clear, easy to follow, funny during lectures, and a very fair grader. Would strongly recommend! She was very fair about test grading, and our class was given an opportunity to gain points back from our second midterm with a similar question on the final!
4.0 : Professor Craig was amazing! She puts on dorky jokes in her slides that make the materials more memorable. Even if she can't answer all of your questions in office hours, she will make time out of her schedule to do so. She is very clear on what she wants you to know, and her lecture notes are very helpful when you are studying for her exams.
5.0 : She's the best general chemistry professor that you can have at UW. Her lectures are very thorough and clear, and they really make you understand the concepts. MAKE SURE you watch all lectures and do quiz section worksheets and practice exams: tests are going to be hard if you don't do them, but reasonable enough if you do them.
4.0 : She was a great prof in my opinion.  She definitely covered all the material one needed to know during lecture and she was engaging and seemed like she genuinely wanted her students to do well.  Lectures are on panopto, but she answers a lot of student questions during lecture so it's best to actually show up in case you have questions.
4.5 : Explains concepts well. Her weekly worksheets and practice exams are very helpful in preparation for exams. Know how to do all the problems, do the end of chapter questions she suggests, and read the textbook. I found that going to office hours to see her one on one was very helpful as well.
4.0 : I took the CHEM 142,152,162 with Craig. Take her class if you can. But expect to do work. Worksheets, practice exams, previous exams** will all be really helpful when preparing for the tests. All my TAs sucked, but nothing that Craig can do about. Don't have to attend lectures, she uses panapto which is also great. Very organized lectures.
2.0 : Her tests are hard and often conceptual.  The grading is also pretty harsh for the exams.  She likes to talk about stuff that isn't going to be on the exam during her lectures.  Her lectures are pretty boring and I often fall asleep.  I would recommend reading the textbook and teaching yourself.
5.0 : Dr. Craig is one of the better intro Chem options. Her tests for 142/152 are multiple choice, but 162 midterms had short answers. The tests are doable with moderate studying. Pay attention to all the little ways she can trick you on exams (unit conversions etc.) They're fairly simple and based around chemical equations which she gives you on test.
4.5 : I am SO glad I took the whole Chem series with Craig! From what I hear about other professors, she is probably your best option for a Chem prof so TAKE HER!!! She really wants her students to understand the material and her lectures are superb.  As for exams, they're easy as long as you do the practiceold exams she  provides! Good luck!
4.0 : Definitely an amazing teacher! I'm not going to lie, I'm not the best at Chem but she made it way easier to comprehend than I expected. I've had Craig for 142 and 152, and I would've taken her for 162 if she was teaching it. 142 is an easy class just put REAL effort into Aleks and do the reading when you don't understand. Prepare ye self for 152.
5.0 : Anyone who has the chance to take 142, 152, or 162 with Craig is exceedingly lucky. Make sure to do the suggested End of Chapter questions and go to her office hours. She gets more and more funny/AWESOME the more Gen Chem classes you take with her. Her tests can be tricky but if you take advantage of the study materials she provides you'll be fine.
5.0 : This professor is by far my favorite of the chemistry department. Her lectures are crystal-clear. Come to class with printed out lecture slides and take notes in the margins so you don''t waste your time writing what''s on the slides but rather on what she has to say about them. Read the chapters in the textbook. They will all come together.
5.0 : Colleen was a wonderful, respectable, and intelligent chemistry professor. I felt like I was in good hands while taking her class. This is an insanely difficult topic, but I felt her clear lectures and awesome explanations really helped in making the class doable. I would never take 152 again, but if I had to I'd certainly want Craig by my side.
4.0 : She is alright in my opinion. As a person and professor, she is humorous and concise. Her explanations can help a lot. However, her tests are tricky. Only 20 multiple choice questions and she puts tricky questions in there. Just make sure to do all the practices.
1.5 : She's awful. And I mean awful. Once you take upper level courses you can understand the severity of this because if you ask her a question, she literally has no idea how to answer it. She's not relatable as a teacher and can only speak to what is written on her slides. Her knowledge is lacking and therefore students continue to struggle.
5.0 : Craig made lectures interesting and tried to make the early mornings humorus. Would want her again for my Chem 152 section.
4.5 : She was a great chem prof, always reminded you of when assignments were due so nothing was a surprise. Her tests are tough but I enjoyed the class a lot and got a good grade.
3.5 : I'm by no means a chemistry person and was worried going into the course, but coming out I am really glad I took professor Craig's section. All her lectures are recorded and put online, she puts her notes online as well just in case you cant come or don't want to. Midterms and finals are pretty clearly outlined in review sessions. She swears a lot
2.5 : Her lectures are good but tests are hard
5.0 : She is amazing. Go for her lectures before the section is filled out!!!
4.0 : I'm doing pretty bad in this class, but I feel like there were a lot of resources that Dr. Craig provided that I could have used, like the online lectures and notes. The practice problems that are in the textbook will help you pass the class. She is a very reasonable professor.
5.0 : I love dr. Craig her class is hard but it is sooooooo worth it. Provides a lot of help
5.0 : Prof. Craig's lectures are very clear and easy to understand. She moves through her lectures pretty fast. That's why you should always go back to the book to fully understand the materials. She also makes lectures fun by adding a few jokes here and there. I really like her class.
5.0 : Her lectures are fun. There's an easy quiz every week in quiz section. You take the quiz individually first and then in groups with a scratch card. Your individual score * 0.8 + group score * 0.2 is your final score for the quiz. All midterms and finals are multiple choice.
5.0 : Excellent lectures in Chem Dept.
4.0 : She is a reasonable grader and have very clear grading criteria. Her tests are not easy and you do have to work to get a good grade in class. She's a great lecturer and listens to student feedback.
4.0 : She is a good professor however, her test is hard and long. You have to study so much for the test.
5.0 : She is an amazing professor! I only had the chance to take the last class in the series with her, but she made it the best one. Very helpful lectures and practice exams.
4.0 : Great teacher! All the content that she teaches in lecture shows up on the test; nothing more. She's pretty clear and funny. I rarely used my textbook and still managed to score above average on her tests. Her midterms have been entirely multiple choice (20). Difficulty wise, it's pretty standard; just do the practice problems she posts on Canvas.
5.0 : good
1.0 : Makes her test as hard as possible. Gives exam reviews that are so much easier than the actual test. Would never take her again.
5.0 : You will do well in this class if you put in the work. She lectures great and is there for office hours. Her exam review packets are not the best, but the weekly quizzes and review sheets definitely are, even though the review sheets are not multiple choice like the exams. Highly recommend reading the textbook before the lecture, it will help a lot
2.5 : This class was only easy for me because I took AP Chem in high school. It was a lot of review from the high school course with few things added. Her midterms come from worksheets you get in quiz sections. She explains things in complicated terms so try and find someone who knows what they're doing and ask them for help.
5.0 : Dr. Craig was very clear and specific in lectures, and checked for understanding frequently.  She is excellent at explaining concepts in multiple ways, and validating student questions and/or comments.  She knows her stuff, and doesn't assign loads of homework.  Tests were relatively easy; I highly suggest taking Dr. Craig's classes when possible.
4.5 : I LOVE HER! She's hilarious and really good at lecturing - keeps it interesting. She answered questions very well and made chemistry fun. I would definitely take another chem class with her.
4.5 : Dr. Craig is a very nice and knowledgeable professor for Chem 110. Expect typos in her powerpoint presentations :P Her reactions when things do not go as planned are the best. She is also very knowledgeable on the content and uses good vocabulary during lecture. Would recommend her to anyone who has even the slightest interest in Chemistry.
5.0 : This class is easier since it's intro and is for C/NC. Very clear instruction, sometimes funny. Post lecture slides online; records of lectures are available. Provide practice exam and other review material. Reasonable to low amount of HW.  Helpful. Answer questions in and after class, as well as online. Definitely will take her class again.
4.0 : Colleen Craig is a great professor. She gives out all the resources for her students to be successful, but you will have to put in time and work to be successful. Her quizzes and tests are pretty tricky, but as long as you don't fall back and do all the necessary studying you'll be fine.
3.0 : Her lectures are good. The demonstrations are fun to watch but are there for show. She really makes use of canvas discussion, so many of answers could be there. Overall, she is not bad. I have her again for 152.
5.0 : Class was extremely simple do the end of chapter questions and you'll do well on the tests. Make sure to do the weekly worksheets to prepare for the quizzes. Test averages are pretty low but the tests weren't hard or crazy, actually pretty reasonable
1.0 : I was an A+ AP chem student in high school. This class makes me feel unintelligent as the course material it self is super easy, but the tests are not close to the lectures or book material--don't even mention ALEKS.  Your grade is determined by two midterms and final. They're multiple choice, and GPA detrimental; 5 pnts each and lots of trick Q's.
4.0 : I don't like chemistry, but Craig made it bearable. Her lectures are clear, she's funny and entertaining, and she's fair. If you have to take chemistry, try and take it with her.
4.0 : Did pretty well in this class (lectures arent necessary, she posts slides), but it was only because of my AP Chem background. The tests arent hard or anything, you just need to be sure you understand the material and can answer FRQs without outside help. Do all her practice exams and discussion section worksheets, she'll ask similar questions.
5.0 : Best teacher I have ever had, I plan on taking the entire chem series with her. DO NOT TAKE CHEMISTRY WITH ANYONE ELSE, it would be a mistake not to have Craig. She's hilarious, cares about student learning, gives great demos, and is all around great. On the last day of lecture, the class applauded her. Definitely do your best to take Craig.
5.0 : Dr. Craig is incredibly clear and concise in what she is teaching you and what she expects from you on her exams. Take her classes if you want someone who has common sense, is very reasonable, and takes the time to explain things if you need help understanding the material. Awesome class that made me enjoy chemistry.
4.0 : Very caring professor. Lectures are clear and helpful. The labs are a pain because the reports took up half of my studying time at UW, but they are helpful and the labs are fun. I have taken chem in the past four years in high school, but still feel this is a hard course. But if you do want to take chem, Dr. Craig is the right choice. Got a 4.0.
4.0 : I liked Craig a lot, considering she was teaching basic intro level Chemistry, which is already very dry material,  she managed to make the content more enjoyable by showing us video examples, showing us cartoons and when she couldn't do either she would throw a joke in to lighten the mood. Her study guides are straight forward, but tough class.
4.0 : For not having a strong background in chem, Colleen was great and had very clear lectures that were easy to follow. She is very clear about what the tests will be like. I did not like the labs and lab reports- those were usually unclear. But overall as a professor she was fantastic. And she looks like Snow White from once upon a time!
4.0 : I really like her lectures because she is engaging and knows for the most part how to explain clearly and goes through examples/problems. Her tests and weekly quizzes are in a way tricky but if you read the questions and answers carefully and look for the small details you will do fine. Can't wait to take chem 152 with her again
4.0 : I really enjoyed having Craig as my CHEM142 professor. Her lectures were not only informative, but entertaining as well. She makes it clear what she wants you to know for the quizzes, exams and finals, so it makes studying a bit more manageable.
4.0 : Easy class if you do the worksheet and practice exams. Not just do them but understand forwards and backwards. Labs are tedious and long. So are her lectures. You can skip her class, it's all online anyways.
4.5 : exams were very fair, recommend going to TA hours a lot.
5.0 : Amazing class. I think it the Programming Languages class at coursera should be required for every engineer that wants to improve a lot his programming skills
5.0 : Dan's an amazing professor. His lectures are fantastic and really helpful, but his exams are also quite difficult.
5.0 : Incredible teacher. Probably the best lecturer I've ever had. He really has good analogies and goes over things with a reasonable pace, but at the same time has the knowledge and experience from being a researcher to give answers to really complex questions. Tests are hard but in an intellectually stimulating way, as they require creative thinking
5.0 : Great professor. CSE 341 was amazing and I'd recommend taking as many classes from Dan as possible. I also had CSE 351 with him. It was his first time teaching it and he still crushed it. He's so good that you'd learn in his class even if you tried not to.
4.0 : Very good.
4.0 : Winter quarter 2015 was her first time teaching the class.  I could tell she was nervous but was overall a good instructor.  She posts slides online after class which is good because she speeds through them in lecture.  Get ready to read a lot.  She assigns a lot of readings and utilizes them all for class.
4.0 : I took "ReImagining Social Hierarchies: Exploring Inequalities and Social Change through Science-Fiction". Amy is really nice. She assigns a lot of reading but most of it is pretty interesting. We watched Star Trek in class three times throughout the quarter. Overall, really nice and not a tough grader.
5.0 : I've taken two classes with Professor Piedalue, she is an excellent lecturer and has a very comprehensive understanding of the theories of feminisms. I have learned more from this Professor than many. Take a class with her and you will not regret it!
5.0 : There was A LOT of reading to do outside of class but I found that you could get by with skimming some of it. Participation was definitely important and a part of the grade but there was a lot of built-in opportunities to contribute. Amy was super understanding as well and she seemed to genuinely care about what she was teaching and her students.
4.0 : Very interesting class. Lectures a very engaging. Explains everything clearly. One of my favorite professors
4.0 : One of my favorite professors. His lectures are very clear and engaging. Loved his class
5.0 : I love Dr. Ross, this is the 2nd class I'm taking from him. He gives clear directions of what he expects, provides exam study guides, if you follow them you will get an A+. He is funny, upbeat, likes it when you participate in discussion, and helps clarify if you don't understand something. You will not regret signing up for any of his classes.
5.0 : This is the second class I have taken with Dr. Ross. He is one of my favorite professors on campus. He is funny, intelligent, and is willing to do whatever he has to do to help you understand material. He gives study guides for his 3 exams and is clear about what he expects from you. One of the best professors you have with him.
2.5 : Tests are insanely hard and weighted. Too much information is covered. Not great for people who do good on work, but bad on exams.
4.5 : Dr. Ross is an amazing professor! Lectures are always interesting and never dull. He also knows when to be serious and when to be funny. THUMBS UP.
5.0 : 10/10 would recommend. If the course you're taken is taught by him and others, I definitely advise to choose him. He does a fantastic job teaching and goes into so much detail. He provides real-life examples that actually stick and is helpful in learning each topic. He also records his lectures, so if you miss class, it's not a big deal.
5.0 : My favorite professor on campus, by far.  He's very knowledgeable and his lectures are great!! Highly suggest taking any of his classes if you have the opportunity.
5.0 : Great class.  Professor is fun, clear and lectures are linked with test questions.  He gives study guides so if you study, you will do fine on his tests.  Some class group activities but no outside of class group work--so sick of group projects!  He tapes his lectures.  Try not to miss class because he springs class activities worth points on you.
4.0 : Ross presents everything in a clear concise matter and he is more than willing to answer your questions. NOTE He has a cheesy sense of humor that makes the class period pass by surprisingly  quickly.
5.0 : Dr. Ross is amazing, the only thing I regret is not taking one of his classes before. You can tell he is truly passionate about what he teaches and he is eager to share his knowledge with  you. His interesting lectures and sense of humor make going to class something to look forward to.  I would recommend him to anyone.
5.0 : LOVED this course - Dr. Ross is my favorite! He is so enthusiastic about the material. Good sense of humor. Used current events to tie in key concepts. I looked forward to every class. He's very clear on what he expects from you, but makes you work for the grade. Well worth it though. 3 Exams, a few in-class  at home assignments, extra credit.
5.0 : Professor Ross is probably one of the best professors I've had. His lectures really focus on getting you to learn the material rather than to regurgitate it and not retain anything. Lectures are recorded, but it is well worth it to go to his classes especially to make sure you don't miss a pop quiz. I'll be taking TPSYCH 350 with him next quarter.
4.5 : It was a great course with her. The class was interesting and quite easy.
5.0 : Dr. Stevens is one of the BEST teachers at UWT. She goes above and beyond to make sure that you understand the material. She makes sure she is available to meet before or after class. She gives very clear instruction, and she is a fair grader! I will definitely recommend her to everyone!
1.0 : This is the worst teacher on my life ever , please just don't take any class from her .
5.0 : Professor Stevens is a great instructor! I would take a class with her again, she will respond back your questions or concerns within the hour.  She also provides clear grading rubrics for every assignment.  We learned in her class by watching films and connecting readings to the ethics found in each. It was fantastic!
1.0 : Just ignore any of her film or writing class, she is the worst prof in University  Of Washington, she seems she is nice but at the end of the day she will missed up your grade, so if you don't care for  your grade that fine , but if you like to grow up and change  your status, please don't take from her , this my sisterly advice for you
3.0 : She is great! Very enthusiastic about your work. But will say you did great then will take off points. This makes it hard to place what she wants. Interesting because this class has group work about confronting group mates and she doesn't hold up her end.
5.0 : Dr. Gloyd is very knowledgeable, very approachable, and very talkative. It is a very good class overall. His lecture is clear and always inspired me a lot.
3.0 : He is very passionate about global health and the medical field especially in Mozambique. He and professor Sparke were the professors for my class, and both had long lectures, but full of information. However, neither of them are very good with technology, and so that would slow down the class a little. Also there was some disorganization.
5.0 : OK, I usually don't say I would take classes again or I don't want this class to end, but I am saying it now. The best class I have taken so far at UW. I love Professor Gloyd, he is so passionate and knowledgeable and funny. Class can get long and boring for some people but not for me. It all depends on you're interest in GH. I am minoring In GH.
4.0 : I love Gloyd! Hope to minor in global health because of his class. 10 out of 10 would recommend.
4.0 : His lectures are quite clear, but he has many stories to tell (which is not bad) so sometimes we run out of time in the class. But helpful and wants you to participate in class. His pop quizzes are harder though, as he takes it from the readings.
4.0 : Gloyd really cares about his students and is super accommodating if you want to meet outside of class. He provides lots of interesting stories about his time working in the field. The material was tough and the final seemed a bit out of left field. If global health isn't your thing, you definitely have to work for it.
3.5 : Gloyd &amp; Sparke taught this class together. The subject is interesting, professors were passionate, but lectures were long. Slides are somewhat disorganized which makes it hard to take clear notes. Weekly writing assignments that lead up to long report at end of quarter. Reading textbook helpful for tests but not necessary. Overall good experience.
5.0 : Great professor with TONS of experience. My only complaint is the lack of coordination between him and Sparke. Sometimes they both covered a topic in different ways, which made it more confusing as opposed to clearing up the concepts. The material is super interesting, even as a non-GH major. Attendance not necessary to get participation points.
3.0 : Definitely pay attention to the W credit in this class. LOTS OF WRITING and mini assignments that all add up into a greater final paper with a 3,000 word limit. A midterm &amp; final, which are not heavily weighed on the grading scale The grading scale is definitely determinant on your final Global Fund project and the mini assignments every week
2.5 : The tests are tough, and lectures are disorganized. There is too much work for a 100 leveled class. The two professors should break it up and have two separate classes or make this a 300-400 leveled class. The writing assignment is fine and worth it for the writing credit, but you just have to stay on top of it.
4.0 : Fun and interesting class, but definitely keep up with Global Fund Assignments or else they will mess with your grade. Fun and participation is a must in the professor's mind. Readings and online quizzes are pretty much what makes up the midterm and final questions.
5.0 : Such a great professor! The material was okay, but he and Professor Sparke made the class much more interesting. Also, great to talk to after class/during office hours. Would definitely recommend!
5.0 : The best and most lyrical and energetic lecturer in possibly the whole world. Makes sure students are engaging with recent scholarship and debates about historiography and challenges you to make original historical interventions. Emphasizes class issues, the complexity of religious conflict, gender. Very smart and serious but approachable, kind!
4.0 : I took Dr Dhavan's class for my first quarter at UW last year. She is a good professor and cares about how you did and get out of the class. However, her class is not easy, you will read  a lot of primary sources in her class and have 2 essays as well as a midterm and final. However, you are allowed to use a one page note for both of your exams.
5.0 : This was my first course taken at the UW from community college and it felt like a lot of work (and it is a lot of work for a 200 level class) but she was wonderful at providing extra help when I needed it. Hilarious, upbeat, and whimsical. Her lectures contain a lot of information and she moves quickly so if you write your notes be fast.
5.0 : If you send her a paper before it's due, she will give thorough comments on how to improve it, is very clear on what she wants, and even though her lectures are 2 hours, I enjoy them if I'm not exhausted.
4.0 : Brutal, covered a lot at top speed (even she admitted it's more like a grad class)--and funny as hell. "Now that the sultan was dead, everyone got along like one big, happy family, yes? Of course not! His successor killed his uncle and blinded his brother," she says, chipper &amp; smiling.  Loved her. All original source readings, hard going.
4.5 : He is willing to help out students and he cares about whether students understands the concept or not. Final is take home test. There are few assignments through out the quarter, but you have class time to finish most of it. He does not check attendance. He is great instructor.
5.0 : Great instruction very helpful when needed. Look forward to taking another one of his courses.
5.0 : What a wonderful Professor! I loved his lectures and he made all the work easy and simple to do. Don't get me wrong, it took time to complete the labs and some of it was challenging but the instructions and preparation made it very straight forward. Make sure you give yourself at least two days to complete any of the assignments so you have time.
5.0 : Santiago is a good professor who is very knowledgable about geography. There are 4 labs, 2 exercises, a midterm, a final, final reflection, and a group project and presentation. He is very flexible on his grading and gives good feedback. His class is mainly lecture based during the first half and activity for the second half.
5.0 : What a great guy. Very kind, sweet, fair and knowledgeable. Be sure to take this class for your NW requirement. You won't be disappointed!
4.5 : He is great! I've never taken a Geography class and the first 2 weeks i was scared. But as soon as I met up with him in his office hours, it all was easier. He was very helpful even if you don't get it and show him you're trying. You should be good to go! He has a slight accent but it won't bug unless you let it!! LOL Overall, great teacher!
5.0 : Professor Lopez is a very fair, considerate, helpful, engaging instructor. Loved his geography class. Highly recommended. And he's adorable. ;)
5.0 : I think this professor has an excellent approach to teaching, and has a great attitude. His classes are well paced and has very reasonable expectations.  Definitely one of my favorite professors thus far at UWB and I would recommend him to anyone. He's easy to follow and goes out of his way to make sure you understand. Make sure to study for exams!
4.5 : The class had a heavy work load but was organized incredibly well. There are a lot of components that go into the class, and they do take a lot of time to complete. His lectures were so well planned and he was very nice. I had no interest in GIS prior to taking this class but the professor made the subject interesting! Don't miss class!
4.5 : I was really intimidated by this class at first but it ended up being my favorite class of the quarter! The instructor is so dedicated to the course content and is very helpful to struggling students. Lots of assigned work but it only makes you understand the content more thoroughly! Plus he's nice to look at :)
3.5 : Although Professor Lopez is nice and helpful, the class was only interesting to how certain environmental issues affect the Earth. But I found the class generally to be a drag. He lectures the whole time from his power points and if not all, most of the class seems to lose interest. Allowed to use laptops. Midterm was not easy. Final was better.
4.5 : Santiago is a great instructor and he is very helpful. Any problems/questions you have, you should feel comfortable talking to/asking him. Most of the material is from the lectures slides which he also posts on canvas. The class is not hard if you do the work, but there is a lot of work to do for this class. Going to class is necessary for points.
2.0 : I don't think Mr. Boydston is that good of a professor. I also feel that he only likes to answer questions proposed by the really smart students in class. My problem with him is I had a hard time learning some concepts in class, and he seems reclined to NOT repeat what he said in class. Need to work out problems by yourself AND concepts. STUDY
5.0 : He made chemistry fun! I usually hate chemistry, but he made me actually want to go to lectures and work got grades! 100% recommend him. Best professor in UW!
5.0 : Fantastic professor.  He was extremely accessible and down to earth, and took a clear interest in his students.  Pay attention to concepts rather than memorization for this course.  And do as many synthesis questions as you can!
4.5 : Great professor super clear at class exam is hard work for it you can solve it.
5.0 : Read the recommended readings ask questions when you don't understand.
5.0 : Best professor I've had at UW. Lectures and tests were straightforward, let us use a notecard on tests and gave us access to his previous exams. He had little patience for stupid questions (premeds ask a lot of these) which made me love him even more.  He made ochem seem easy and enjoyable.
5.0 : It's been my belief that OChem is not a difficult science.. but rather, notoriously attracts the types of professors who make it difficult, whether intentional or not. Boydston is the reigning exception to that rule. Like a pro athlete who makes the most insanely difficult shots seem easy and fun, he also instills the belief that you can do it too.
1.0 : Dont believe on anything you heard, superbad i had to study all by myself to  understand this logical topic. He shows off his academic words than what he teaches, acts like you are a professional organic person. Completely waste of my tuition money. Bad professor!!!!
4.5 : Professor Boydston was great, he is very helpful and provides you with everything you need to do well in his class. Definitely can't go wrong with him. Goes pretty fast at times though, so try to brush up on the topics before going to lecture if possible.
1.5 : Organic Chemistry is hard enough of a subject, without the professor teaching to the top 5% of the class, which is what Boydston does. It is clear he is here for research- not to teach. He is extremely bad at explaining and simplifying things. Thank god for Kahn academy videos.. but I shouldn't have had to teach it all to myself in the first place.
4.0 : I used to hate organic chemistry or chemistry in general until I took his class! In no way he is an easy professor, but he really really cares about how much you learn. His grading is HARD, but it made me study and improve more. Wish he would teach other ochem classes!
1.5 : I honestly do not have nothing against the professor, but just having an awful  experience with this professor makes me confront his situations. Even though, many people say , organic is hard, but honestly how many times have they taking it or have you taking it before? Disorganize website materials are not in the book   Test exam mistakes
1.5 : He has a very soothing voice. BUT he is incredibly disorganized and his slides are not at all informative. The way he presents concepts is just chronologically wrong.
4.0 : Professor Boydston is an excellent professor who is teaching for the right reasons. He goes above and beyond to make sure his students are learning, but you have to be willing to work hard in return. He cares that you understand the material, not just memorize it. Study for the tests from the quizzes and go to office hours to ask questions.
4.0 : The class was challenging, no doubt. Professor Boydston expects you to understand concepts and not memorize (you are allowed notecard on every exam). The exams are challenging and it was frustrating to see Bryant's class get such simple exams, but by the end it's about prep for next class not an easy "A". Which is what I feel was provided by him.
4.5 : Dr. Boydston is a great lecturer. Some things to know: he teaches and tests mostly on about 5% of the book (reaction mechanisms.) Reading seems unnecessary since most of the book material is not directly addressed on the exams, but the test questions are really hard and you need the understanding from the book. READ! Also, the final was super short
4.0 : Really liked Boydston.  I four o-ed this class and this is what i did: I spent time doing previous exams he posted because those were harder than the ones he gave in class, redid hmw and did all the worksheets he provided. Also he posts videos of all his lectures with screencast. He really explains the chemistry and knows it well.  -N.M.
5.0 : Best chem professor I've had so far!
5.0 : Stew is awesome! This guy really knows his stuff. Quizzes every week make up your grade, so the material to review isn't that much. Do the readings, he may talk about them in class but occasionally quizzes you for participation but you'll be much better off if you just read them. Do the extra credit! The second one builds off the first.
5.0 : Really good prof. Go to every class! You don't need to worry about readings. He'll clarify in lectures. Quiz sections always prepare you for weekly exams very well.
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had. He's super nice and hilarious. Material is pretty easy and fun to learn.  We use clickers and class participation takes up a lot of your grade so go to class. Tons of extra credit. I'd definitely take another class with Professor Tolnay.
5.0 : GREAT class. I took it to fill a gap in my schedule and am so glad I did. Awesome professor, really interesting topics, and fairly easy to receive a good grade. There are clickers but they're based on participation, not correctness. Your grade is based off of 7 short quizzes (or the final can replace this), participation, and extra credit.
5.0 : Stew really cares about his students, it's clear that he wants them to succeed and understand the material. As long as you read the assigned articles (most are pretty short), and pay attention during lecture, you will do great on the quizzes without much review! Many extra credit opportunities. It's really difficult to not do well in this class.
4.0 : This is a great class and honestly enjoyed the things I learned. What I didn't like is despite getting a 95% in this class, I did not earn a 4.0 because it was graded on a curve. So the grading is not very straightforward and kind of misleading (ended up getting a 3.6) Other than that, it's a great class.
5.0 : Prof. Tolnay is really a great professor, and he cares about whether his students learned. There are multiple opportunities (extra credit, exams and post-quiz competitions) that you can improve your grades in this class, and there is no reason to not do really well. I attended Zhihang's quiz section, and it is very helpful too! Good class!
5.0 : Elizabeth is very understanding and caring. She wants to help you balance out your coursework and keep you from getting overwhelmed. She is extremely laid-back and understands if things come up. Great class to take with a science/math heavy schedule.
5.0 : She is the best ever. If you have late assignment she will let you do again with full credit. she understands her student very well. Take her class if you have other heavy classes like Math and Science. her class is so relaxing.
4.5 : Great teacher! Pay attention, participate and you'll do fine!! Doors always open and willing to help students!
5.0 : Great teacher! Very helpful when needed and uses real world experiences to help her students understand the social work field.
5.0 : I found her very engaging and personable. While her class wasn't easy, her teaching style made the material easy to understand. Took what was potentially a boring class and made it interesting.
4.5 : really good teacher
3.0 : Wayne is a pretty good instructor. He has so much experience in journalism and writing for median that definitely reflects on his grading methods. Sometimes I felt like he was way too critical for an intro class. He seemed to grade on style which also seemed a little inconsistent. So half the time I felt like I didn't know what grade I will get.
5.0 : Wayne is really helpful. This class was a little difficult at times but if you need help you just need to email him. It is a really interesting class and super fun. He is so understanding and does what he can to help. You must know that you have to listen to what he says. This isn't a class where you can get away with not doing the work.
5.0 : I'll put the word which I told every friend of mine who asked about Professor Morrow here: every detail about advanced mathematics is in his head's random access memory region; and the instant you ask him he's going to fetch it and explain in an extremely understandable way. Well paced, meticulously planned; Take 33x if you love math!
4.0 : The class was grueling but the way he taught was inspirational. It makes you want to study to be able to understand things on the level he does. The course was hampered by a incoherent textbook written in the 1970s. His courses are very hard so his office hours are always crammed, and its hard to get a word with him without appointment.
5.0 : Professor Jung is so far (3 quarters) my favorite teacher at UW. He's very passionate about his topic (GIS), and it comes through in his lectures and activities. His approach to teaching is great, and he emphasizes the fundamentals and the practical knowledge, but doesn't stress rote memorization. I've sought out and am taking a second class of his
3.0 : What a great teacher! He is really passionate about his field and makes sure to share his knowledge with everyone in his classes. He is very nice, so don't be shy to ask him questions if you are ever stuck.
5.0 : he gives everyone a B.  If you meet all his grading criteria, you get a freaking b+.  He does give an a- once in a blue moon if you can go beyond his grading criteria.  He also deducts points if you do not use his exact words.  And will ALWAYS find an excuse to take down your grade from an A to a B.  you need to know more than him for an A.
5.0 : Professor Jung is the BEST, he is kind, caring, respectful and cares that you learn.  He is passionate about teaching..  He is great about getting back to you with questions .  He makes you want to learn in the most amazing way!  I highly recommend him as an instructor.  If you don't get anything out of his class its on you.  Funny and intelligent.
5.0 : Really great guy. Great class. Offers examples and motivational life advices that are applicable to undergrads.
2.5 : Jon is a great teacher and really knows his stuff. That being said, his curve and grading system is ridiculous. Tests and assignments are vague and poorly written, and at the end one or two points on a midterm could make a big difference in your GPA. If you at all care about your GPA, DO NOT take this class.
5.0 : Took this class as fulfillment for TEC  Eye opening overview marketing from entre perspective. If you have no business background, expect to do a lot of background reading to catch up. A lot of new cases. Some high powered speakers. It's the only class that I could stay awake after a day of work. Splendid job Prof. Jon!
5.0 : Prof. Zhang was definitely a pleasure to have as my marketing professor. He's hilarious and his slides and examples are informative but also captivating. His tests weren't that hard and his grading seemed fair to me. Loved this class even though I'm not a marketing focus.
5.0 : Good class. although the mix of MBAs and non-MBA students (this is open to technology entre certificates for non-MBAs) make it difficult for class discussions. I wish this course is offered only to MBAs.
5.0 : Good set of cases that make you look at marketing differently from traditional marketing classes. Relevant speakers that tie in with the syllabus. Mandatory exposure to VC funded startups was helpful.
3.5 : Lectures are very engaging.  He's def. a great prof!  Class consists of a 2 midterms and a final (all multiple choice questions) and 3 group cases.  Very hard class, lots of work, but rewarding.
5.0 : Phenomenal class, opened my eyes to marketing and its many facets. Exams are fair and not hard.  Jon is very knowledgeable, the off-topic business comments he makes in class are just as educational as the class itself. Attend class, it's well worth it.
5.0 : Good class. Very organized structure of marketing. Relatively easy.
5.0 : A lot more math than the core marketing class - gives marketing a more quantitive view. The start-up consulting project was interesting but stressful.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors. Great energy, great lectures, great examples. He's also secretly hilarious in the way he interacts with students.  Definitely want to study hard and read the textbook though. But I'm so glad I took this class with him.
5.0 : This review is for the MBA level Entrepreneurial Marketing class (Winter 2016). I find the diversity and breadth of business models and industries discussed in the class to be very eye-opening. The project working with real start-up was a plus.   There is definitely a lot of value-add. This class makes the marketing core more concrete.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have ever had at the UW. So hilarious in an understated way, has a lot of life advice, and uses the funniest and most interesting examples to supplement his teaching. I absolutely loved attending his class. I would HIGHLY recommend this professor for marketing.
5.0 : I am a working senior software engineer looking to start my own venture. Took Prof. Zhang's entrepreneurial marketing class as my elective. Helpful in shaping my mentality and introducing me to technology marketing. His vast network of VCs and Angels in the Seattle area was useful, and he would get you in touch with them. Recommend highly.
4.0 : I had to retake German 103 after not getting a good grade the last time I took it. Seth is way better thank last teacher and his relaxed style makes students feel at ease in his class. Definitely easy on the eyes so that is a plus.
4.0 : Seth Berk is a Graduate Student with the UW. He is a very kind and entertaining teacher. I enjoyed his stories that made our class room a little taste of Germany.  I wish students would attempt to speak German more frequently in this class, but its alright.
5.0 : She is really good at lecturing. You will know what the material will be on for the week. It's only for once a week, but she makes it two hours of class instead of three. She's clear concise and makes the topic much more interesting then it is. If you do all your work, then you'll do fine.
4.5 : Great teacher. Not boring at all. Good sense of humor. Learned a ton.
5.0 : I am taking her Ethics of Indian Country class at DePauw and it is one of my favorite classes! She is very knowledgeable and is willing to spend half of class answering questions. She chooses interesting articles to read and breaks down topics so people who haven't taken a phil class before can understand them. I wish she was a permanent professor!
5.0 : Andrea is fantastic! I took her Philosophy of Women class at PLU. The class itself was very easy. It was a great intro to feminism and philosophy. However, if you are well versed in these subjects, take a higher level course. She cares for her students and is always so helpful via email! I am minoring in philosophy after taking this course!
5.0 : Danny is such a cool guy. He explains the class' concepts very clearly and is very charismatic. Would recommend!
5.0 : Hoffman was one of te easiest profs I've had, but was also one of the best. He brings a lot of field knowledge to the class and really knows his craft. He cares dearly for our learning and isreally good about bringing in guests to spice up the 2hour lectures. 1 photo assgnmt, 1 film assignment, casual readings. Extra cred opportunities!
1.0 : His lectures are long, dry, and boring especially 8:30 in the morning. He walks around the room too much that it gets distracting at times. What I really learned in anthropology is just not applicable to life. Get a life, take another VLPA that actually teaches you something
4.0 : The easiest class I have taken at UW. Grade is determined by a short essay assignment, a photo essay, a 1 minute film, and 2 exams. The exams were almost insultingly easy. Also offers up to 5% extra credit. Sometimes his explanations were all over the place, but you can figure things out on your own. SUPER low maintenance, easiest 4.0 class ever.
3.0 : Yeah, this class is very easy. But prepare yourself for boring lectures and notes that don't really make any sense. I didn't understand any of the content I learned from this class and literally just memorized everything.
4.5 : Professor Hoffman was enthusiastic about what he taught and make the course interesting. As long as you went to lecture and read you will easily pass the class. Also gave big fun projects that allowed for creativity such as making a one-minute film. Tests are pretty easy if you understand the concepts, his TAs will help you understand them.
5.0 : He gives many extra credit lectures. Darren Byler is a good TA. I didn't do well on the fist assignment, but exams are really easy if you remember every terms clearly.
3.0 : EASIEST 4.0 EVER. I finished the class with over 100%. Lectures were so long, the readings were not that interesting. Barely have to do any work or read because the review sessions in class really help. Danny really wants you to get good grades and he gives tons of extra credit. Great GPA booster.
5.0 : He's definitely one of the best professors in UW. If you attend lecture everyday and read the book you'd definitely get 4.0 for this 5-credit class. And the TAs are so so helpful. I love him and this class!!!
3.5 : Good and easy class, but his lectures weren't always super clear. Sometimes he'd start explaining a concept but halfway through it didn't make sense anymore, and then he'd just move on too quickly. He doesn't post lecture slides online, so if you miss something, your best chance is to get caught up in sections.
5.0 : Danny is just cool, but pay attention, and he's no push over...
5.0 : Engaging, extremely friendly, and will make what you initially perceive a class to be as boring surprisingly interesting. Attendance of lectures are necessary but not mandatory, easy grader, fair tests (multiple choice, fill in the blank, short answer). TAKE A CLASS FROM HIM
5.0 : Love Dr. Hoffman, super chill guy, good sense of humor, and is really knowledgable. The class was interesting and explored many facets in relation to Africa, (history, policy, arts, etc). Gives very clear grading criteria and extra credit. To do well, do the readings, go to lecture and take notes. Would take a class with him again, you should too.
5.0 : Danny is great. Charismatic, funny, interesting and knowledgeable about Africa. I highly recommend this class. Go to class, do the readings, and you'll get a 4.0.
5.0 : Danny cares about how much his students learn more than he does about grading. Lectures are interesting due to his passion and immense knowledge. Little reading, a few exams that are easy to get 100% on if you have attended lectures. Best class I have taken, hands down.
4.5 : Such a great guy! Easy class, interesting enough content and easy W credit.  What's not to love?  Highly recommend
5.0 : Easy 4.0, and great guy!
5.0 : 100% the easiest class 100% the most boring class 100% nicest old Norwegian man ever. if you need an easy 4.0 definitely take it, if your looking for something interesting you might want to find something else.
5.0 : Great instructor. Class is easy to follow and he went over the materials covered in previous class before each class, which was very helpful. Very explanatory!
5.0 : Outstanding all around.  He's very enthusiastic about teaching and provides great explanations.
2.0 : Her attitude seemed always upset or in rush. She doesn't really give us her opinions about the topic. If you don't like ethics it can be boring and hard to think of. And yes she's really strict about grammar punctuation stuff. She's an English person not a business type of person. Our expectation and her expectation is completely different.
3.0 : Prepare to raise your hands a lot to participate or your participation grade would be very low even you attended in every single class. Don't know what i did learn from her in this class since all we did are presentations, very few lectures. If she doesn't like you, no matter how hard you try, you won't get a decent grade.
5.0 : Didn't learn a whole lot about business writing, but I did learn a lot about business ethics. Seems like the business writing classes in general don't end up teaching much about business writing. I loved Irena though. Super nice woman, and always had ways to stimulate a conversation. She is definitely all about English, but this classwas an easy A
5.0 : I took Business Writing with the expectation of becoming a more effective businessman. Even better, I became a more rounded person. Patton is not a Business Prof, but she forces students to think (and write) about ethical issues all over the world that businesses affect. Patton cares about students and social justice. You should too!
5.0 : She is simply amazing in every aspect of the word. You put in the effort and it will be reflected in your grade. Show up, participate, give 100% and you will advance in your writing ability and get a good grade as a bonus. She is always there if you need extra help or another look at a paper. I would recommend her!! Should be tenured professor!
3.5 : Definitely a professor you want to take for business writing. It was a great class, definitely learned a lot, and actually provided some value to my education. It's also not that difficult of a class, as long as you show up and participate. Essay's aren't too bad, presentation was easy, and topic was great.
5.0 : He the calm, composed and oozes knowledge. Best Professor in UW
5.0 : Awesome Class. Best Teacher I've had at Foster. Downside: Somewhat quiet and monotone (sit closer to the front will help), decent work load to stay up w material. Upside: Clear, methodical, thorough, structured progression through this class. He is always accessible by email (even responds at 2am randomly to questions). Great Help if you ask.
5.0 : Manoj rocks! He is extremely knowledgeable about the material and will answer any homework questions you send him.
5.0 : Class was awesome and his expectations are clear. If you have programmed before you just need to show up to class to learn his format/C# specifics. Wish he taught more classes. Has an accent but he enunciates his speech very well so it is not an issue after you get use to it . His English is equivalent to a native speaker. 10/10 professor!!
3.5 : A great professor who really knows his stuff. He wants the students to succeed, and is very approachable. The directions on assignments can be confusing at times, but overall the class is pretty straight forward.
4.5 : Manoj is my favorite. This class requires you to think, work hard and don't just take shortcuts; the midterm will kick you if you don't know your stuffwork fast. He is very monotone and quiet, which may make him seem standoffish, but he really is a very helpful person, and will take the time the make sure all of your questions are addressed.
5.0 : Manoj grew on me every class. I initially wrote him off as cold/distant, but he is just reserved. If you put an honest effort in during each lecture &amp; assignment you will keep up, learn a lot, and do well. He's extremely accessible &amp; cares that you learn. He ended up being my favorite professor at UW, and led me to enjoy coding for the first time.
4.5 : This is an awesome class! Manoj has a pretty monotone voice. However, sit near the front and then you will focus better. Once you get into the material it is incredibly interesting and Manoj is incredibly smart and a wonderful teacher - always helping answer questions and giving plenty of practice!
5.0 : I had Manoj for IS320/410/445 and he's one of my favorite professors at Foster's. He is understanding and laid back, often extending due dates if needed. He is also incredibly knowledgeable and smart. He is reserved, but always willing to help! I appreciated/enjoyed his dry humor!  Pro tip: class is fast, so keep up, and the curve is high.
4.5 : Manoj is hands down the best professor I've had in the Foster School of Business. He is a little monotone but he cares about how his students are doing and takes a lot of time and resources to make sure that everyone does the best they can. Would take every class with him if I could. Great professor
4.5 : Manoj crams in a lot in one quarter. If you have some base knowledge in programming you will be fine however as a novice it was a little difficult keeping up. Manoj has a really dry sense of humor and will often be late to class but is really helpful in class and via email. Honestly interested in people learning the material.
4.5 : Class pace accelerates as we move along in the quarter., so be prepared for that. Homeworks and quizzes are straight forward but the amount of materials are staggering. Don't judge the class' workload/difficulty even after 4 weeks. It'll get even busier. He's a solid prof who explains clearly when asked. Monotoned though, hard to stay awake.
5.0 : He is so hot!
5.0 : Overall great prof, 10/10. Has amazing and engaging lectures and gives amazingly helpful feedback.
5.0 : Curtis is the best teacher I have ever had in my life, it is sad to not have him as my instructor anymore!
5.0 : Curtis is amazing. All that needs to be said.
5.0 : The only shining part of TS was Curtis. By far the most useful class in TS, and one of the best English teachers in the nation. It is a privilege to be taught by Curtis.
5.0 : Best English teacher ever. period. The material he teaches blows your mind, but he does it in such an awesome way you can't get enough. I was terrible at writing, but if you are active about scheduling meetings, your skills will go over 9000. This class is definitely not a meme, but it's pretty dank. There's a lot of dropping hot fire.
5.0 : Best teacher at the Robinson Center, hard class.
5.0 : His class is among the most exclusive, sought after and hard to get into classes of all the classes offered at UW. Seriously, hundreds of people apply and only 16 or so get in each year. If you're not one of them, you will never know the pure awesomeness that are his lectures. If you are, GET BACK TO WORK TSER
4.5 : Is a great teacher and is good at conveying a lot of difficult conceptual stuff. Workshops are good, presentations are great. Is great at making class interesting and exciting. Would take again :)
4.0 : She is a very interesting lecturer and is extremely knowledgable about Russia. The class had one midterm, three short papers, and a final. Very easy tests. Also, for quiz section there is a lot of reading, but you can pass by not reading it that closely. Love this class!
4.0 : I found that she wasn't very understanding if you needed to miss class. Otherwise I learned a lot.
5.0 : I took Professor Campbell's class in Winter 2014. The majority of our final grade came from a Catalyst discussion board, where we were expected to create questions based on assigned sources. I found the workload reasonable, and the lectures engaging. The midterm and final weren't insanely hard, so long as you pay attention. Fantastic lecturer.
5.0 : Elena Campbell is the best professor I've ever had for history at UW. Her lectures were clear and engaging, her passion infectious but not overwhelming. She strongly encouraged self-understanding and the formulation of your own views on Russian history. Lectures were designed to extend on information gained in the readings. MUST FOR HISTORY MAJORS!
5.0 : Very helpful and makes it clear what she wants for her essays. Books we read were eh, but would recommend this class!
5.0 : This guy has great lectures that really engaged everyone in the room. Subject material is tough but he does a good job of setting and making clear expectations for the test. Great class.
5.0 : Dang this guy is so cooooooool.  I liked his class very muchhhh. Crazy how physics workssssssss. Kan't wait to take 122!         So many good lectures.
5.0 : Very energetic during lectures.  He plays some music at the beginning.  He slowly and thoroughly goes over everything in his lectures and is extremely prepared for lectures.  He even posts answers for clicker questions and goes step by step when going through problems.  One of the best professors I've had at the UW!
4.5 : Really great lecturer- his sense of humor made the material way less stressful. Demos were also cool. You can tell he really enjoys his job. Physics tests are always hard, but if you're looking up this class, you probably already knew that. If you have to take phys 122, I definitely recommend taking it with him!
2.0 : You can tell that he likes what he does but for me his lectures were all over the place. He would randomly start doing a demo and then switch back to explaining something completely different right after. He did everything VERY quickly and it was easy to get lost.
5.0 : I hate physics, but this was by far my favorite class of the quarter. Hertzog makes lectures a ton of fun and keeps everyone laughing through all of the tedious math. It's hard, and requires a lot of outside work but his tests are very fair.
4.5 : Hertzog is hilarious.  He's a jolly guy and knows how to make people laugh.  Demos are useful, and he is very good at explaining.  Midterms were very fair.  I found the best way to prep for tests was to do the extra (unassigned/not mandatory) SmartPhysics homework
4.5 : Hertzog is not only a clearly brilliant guy, but he also makes it apparent how much he enjoys what he is doing not o my as a researcher but as a teacher as well. Very nice guy and know how to entertain without overdoing it too often. Lectures are very helpful but, because of this, you'll have to go above and beyond to beat the curve.
4.5 : He's knowledgable and experienced in news writing. Having strong writing/editing skills are very helpful in this class. Quizzes on AP stylebook and in-class writings on news stories (web, broadcast).  Super picky on word usage/spelling/etc. No extra credit. Had lots of guest speakers come to class. Got to go on a field trip to King5 studio too.
5.0 : Latsch is an excellent professor (and hilarious). This class was discussion based, and for a JSIS class a very reasonable amount of reading, usually around 70 pages or so. Weekly papers that were easy to do even if you grazed the reading, and graded fairly easily. He is always available for further discussion after class. Cannot recommend enough.
5.0 : There's a reason why this guy is one of the highest rated professors at UW. He's hilarious engaging and extremely capable. I always loved classes with him. I wish Dr. Latsch was my father or uncle!
5.0 : One of the best instructors I've ever had. You can tell that he is genuinely invested in student learning. He is very knowledgable and passionate about the subject material. Tests and quizzes are hard, but not unfair.
5.0 : One of the best professors at UW. His style of teaching is very clear, organized, and concise. Although, he isn't the main professor (only teaches lab) he keeps up with all the lectures and has no problem re-explaining concepts. You can completely trust his explanations, he is humble genius.
4.5 : Kendall is genuinely the best instructor I have had at the UW in any class, and that's saying a lot. The class is not easy by any means, but there is very little memorization required. The brunt of the work is in logic and problem solving. Kendall is excellent at explaining concepts and willing to help any student who asks for it.
4.5 : Amazing professor, but challenging. Not only did you have to memorize the lab manual, but you had to take the time to both understand the experiment and bridge connections with other experiments (this is the key for quizzesexams). Do well on the firstsecond lab report as the fourth one is impossible. Also try to master dilution problems. GLHF!
3.0 : this class  is hard. i hope we got some practice problem to do before the exam. However he is an amazing professor. Every lab is interesting.
3.5 : Hardest lab I've ever had! Not graded on a curve, and you will have to study a lot. Showing up and doing the lab projects doesn't matter for your grade, sadly, since you're tested on memorizing the lab manual. Very nice and helpful guy, though,
5.0 : The most enthusiastic English teacher at UW. She knows her stuff and more importantly, she genuinely cares about her students. LOVE her take her class if you have the chance!! Class discussions are fascinating.
5.0 : Hands down one of the most engaging teachers at the UW. Very understanding and tries to explain everything so students understand. Assignments are reasonable and contributes to learning in class. If you have to take an English class, look for her above everyone else.
4.0 : She has some pretty interesting book discussions and is very easy to communicate with. She's very, VERY strict with the paper minimum lengths, so make sure you get to the very last line of the paper minimum or else you wont get comments back on your paper. One of the best and funnest Composition classes I've taken though, which says a lot.
5.0 : I loved this class and the professor She's amazing She's super nice and always up for giving advice. She is not a harsh grader at all and she really tries to make the hour engaging. There are assigned readings every day, but not a large amount by any means and the stories she chooses are quite interesting.
3.0 : It's hard for me to survive in this class.
4.5 : Dr Moore made me love English class which is not an easy feat! She knows how to engage students and set up successful group discussions, making class interesting and fun. You receive a ton of feedback on major writing assignments (none on minor writing assignments, unless you go to office hours) and she allows 1 revision at the end of the quarter.
2.5 : Raj is engaging and gets you to think. He clearly cares about the learning of his students. That said, this class is a ton of work for two credits. biweekly presentations, a team paper, a final presentation, and an individual paper. His instructions are often very confusing and vague, which makes it hard to follow his strict guidelines.
2.5 : The MGMT 440: Business Consulting course so far has been a disappointment and disorganized. While our client is alright, I feel that I have no support in the classroom from Raj. If this is supposed to mirror the "real world"--at least you can ask for help. Most of my team members aren't interested in the project, making it disheartening to work on.
5.0 : This course was the most difficult course I've taken in the business school, but it was also well worth it. Raj is the most inspirational professor I've every had - a la Robin Williams in Dead Poet's Society, and brings an incredibly unique perspective to every class he teaches. This is the best part of the UW FBS Departmental Honors program.
5.0 : This class was focused around engaging with a Seattle based client, and Raj played a mostly supporting role ; introducing key concepts to the course and providing feedback on work. Your experience with this class will depend largely on the client you have and the team you get, but it is a great introduction to consulting.
5.0 : Raj is not a typical professor, and some people will love him and some will hate him. He has a certain way of doing things, and demands a lot from students in terms of participation and critical thinking. Ask lots of questions and be humble!
5.0 : While it may be tempting to take an "easy-A" class, DON'T - especially when it comes to MGMT440. It's neither easy nor light on coursework, but it's easily the most practical class at Foster. You'll gain an incredible amount of real-world experience and hone skills that actually matter to employers with this intro to consulting course. A must!
5.0 : Raj is the best professor I had during my time at the UW! He cares a lot about his students and their success. He will make you think critically and is a very engaging lecturer. You will learn a lot from him. Highly recommend that you take a class with him.
5.0 : Raj is a "tough love" type of teacher who will challenge your beliefs, inspire you to question the system, and will certainly embarrass you in class. Be prepared to speak up and share your opinions. Participating is probably the most important factor of grading and of getting the most out of this class. Don't be afraid to ask him questions in OH.
5.0 : Raj is a great professor with a different perspective from the rest of the business school's faculty (which is a good thing). He will make you work for your grade but I guarantee you will get back as much as you put in, if not more. I definitely recommend taking a class with Raj.
5.0 : I had the pleasure attending Raj's BA390 class, which was more of a seminar-like class than lecture-filled class. Raj makes sure you'll never be bored in his class through a mixture of cold-calling, helpful real-life advice, and hilarious stories. The "class" that felt more like working in a company with presentations and team discussions a large portion of the time. Attendance is also "mandatory" because each session was packed full of interesting information and knowledge. You'll feel like you missed out so much if you skip one day. Raj also frequently emails article on what's going on in the business world that we should know about. Overall, I'm really glad I took that class. I still keep in contact with Raj now and he still offers helpful advice!
5.0 : Do yourself a favor and take this class. Best class to prepare you for management in the future, challenging you to think critically. Very different from any other Foster class you'll take. Participate and be prepared to defend your thinking. You get what you put into it, so not an easy "A", but worth it.
5.0 : You just have to memorize people, events, songs etc. tests are multiple choice, super easy and there's extra credit questions on each test. He changed the test for the first time in years when I took it so test files aren't as reliable as before, although he still recycles some questions. FAILED first test because of test files and still got a 3.5
5.0 : Literally didn't go to class once and got a 4.0. Probably the easiest class at UW. Taken Autumn 2012.
5.0 : His sense of humor is what keeps me awake because the content is really boring. Very easy class if you put the work in. However, the only issue is that he takes attendance now and it's a big chunk of your grade so you're required to go to every class.
5.0 : Easy 4.0 due to extra credit concert report (worth a lot) and EC on exams. Bought textbook but did not use. It comes with a CD but you can easily find all the songs on YouTube or Spotify. He's a humorous and great prof but the subject itself is dry. LOTS of history and people. Attendance is mandatory due to TopHat and he asks questions in class.
5.0 : I thought the class was interesting, but that's just because I enjoy jazz. I can understand why others thought the class was boring. Nevertheless, Steve is hilarious. Plus, it's an easy A.
5.0 : Easy class. He kept emphasizing that you needed the book if you wanted a 4.0, so I bought it but never used it and ended up with a 4.0. The class itself was a little boring but still generally interesting. Helped me learn a lot about jazz that I didn't know before. Korn is pretty cool overall, other than complaining about Kanye West all the time.
4.0 : Some dude in this page said that we didn't need the book whatsoever and he read it, and he now wants to have emphasis on the book because of it, so I dropped. good luck
4.5 : I loved this class! the professor had a passion for what he was teaching, and that made the lectures very interesting. Yes, it's true that you could get by without attending class often, but he made it so you actually wanted to go to class every day. I looked forward to it. Also, it was great to get in touch with the music scene here in Seattle!
5.0 : Best teacher in the world. So nice and considerate, cares about students education
5.0 : Super easy class. Read your book, read the lectures posted online. He allows two extra credit assignments. Highly recommended.
5.0 : by far one of the easiest classes in UW. i studied the night before for every exam and did all the extra credits. almost zero effort for  a 4.0. the hardest thing in this class is showing up for the code though (8:30 for me)
5.0 : The one thing that bugs me most is that Steve is passionate about the material but students take the class like it is a joke. It's hard to see him get disappointed when students just don't care and goof off in class. Otherwise, I loved the class.
5.0 : Very easy class. Honestly this is the definition of an Easy 4.0. He is also very attractive
5.0 : find out your jazz concerts ahead of time for the report. if jazz doesnt interest you, you can space out and cram the night before and do decently. korn is the best teacher you could have for this class. relaxed and chill with his grading and interaction with students. no textbook needed and this qtr he didnt use a clicker.
5.0 : Great teacher, cool and simple class. Have to write 2 concert reports for easy points. Tons of extra credit.
5.0 : Great class., you can tell he enjoys teaching the class. Go to lecture!
5.0 : It wuz lit
5.0 : One of the easier VLPA classes. He gives amazing lectures that are easy to understand. Humorous professor. Gives extra credit for his class. Attendance is optional but trivia questions are included in the exam which you will only know if you attend class.
5.0 : BEST TEACHER EVER!!!! Gave me an add code when I needed it,  allowed me to prove myself and catch up, everytime I email him he takes care of any issue or situation or confusion on my part, I've even taken Music 162 with him and he is funny, knowledgable, and knows what hes doing - even at 8:30 in the morning. Attend classes, hes a unique professor!
5.0 : Probably my favorite professor at UW so far. Very humorous and likes to joke around. Makes class fun and easy. He gives an awesome amount of extra credit so you should take his class!
5.0 : Such an awesome professor. Sucks that there aren't many professors that are like him. Makes class enjoyable and fun. Take his class if you want a good grade
5.0 : It's a pretty easy class. As long as you attend lectures and read the slides, you will pass and get a high grade. He offers a lot of extra credit as well
5.0 : Steve is a great guy and this is a good class for a VLPA credit. Topic was interesting and one of the easiest classes to 4.0 in. Tests are primarily off of the powerpoint slides (which are posted online). Still a good idea to attend lecture though, since a couple test questions will be based on stuff he said in lecture and not actually in slides
3.5 : Partington was an interesting professor. He was definitely passionate about playing guitar but very intimidating and made me feel nervous. Tests were basic music theory and whether you have improved in your playing skills.
5.0 : Chemistry doesn't come easy to me, but somehow, Brandon manages to shove information into my brain! I had his for Chem 1 and I'm gonna be taking him for Chem 2 &amp; 3. Hilarious and easy going, with really good lectures. I also have him for labs and he's simply amazing! I would recommend him to anyone in the Chem series! Fabulous professor all around!
5.0 : A definite no-bs kind of guy, but he is one of the best professors I have had to date. He is intimidating when lecturing but is kind and patient when you approach him privately. His lectures are valuable and intellectually stimulating, if not interesting.
5.0 : Finley is by far the best professor I have ever had. The way he teachers is very easy to understand, and his jokes make the lecture bearable. This tests are hard, but if you study, read the textbook and finish the ALEKS homework you will be fine. Taking the rest of my chem series with Finley and I wouldn't choose anyone else.
5.0 : Very intriguing professor.  He's easy to follow, and adds humor into his lectures.  I definitely recommend him if you aren't that "Chem-savvy".
5.0 : Best prof ever he's so caring
4.0 : Very good at explaining things in a clearer concept. You must read the textbooks before attending lectures though. He's a tough grader and hw is given and is due daily.
5.0 : Great guy. Really fun to have for an instructor. Hope to have him for all my chemistry courses. He jokes around a lot, which I find helps makes the whole learning process easier. He knows how make the students feel relaxed and makes learning chemistry enjoyable, which I didn't realize was possible to do until I had him. If you can, take him!
5.0 : He's a wonderful professor, really cares about his students. He makes class interesting and he's really funny!
5.0 : Finley is the best professor I have ever had in my 4 years of college. I have had him for Chem 1 and 2 and next quarter I have him for 3. He has this magical way of shoving the information into your brain making it much easier to learn. He may even be a wizard... He puts in a lot of extra time helping students on the side. Oh, and he's hilarious.
4.5 : This has been by far one of the best professors I've had. Helpful, funny, down to earth, and incredibly smart. He pushes his students to the limit with the amount of study required to pass the class, but if you have a genuine interest in learning, and doing your best, he will see that and help you that much more. Definitely take his class!
5.0 : Brandon is the nicest and most helpful professor at UWB. He makes chemistry bearable. He is energetic and makes a lot of jokes and he's a nerd which makes him relatable. He also teaches you how to formulate good sentences. He will stay after class until you understand the material. His quizzes are HARD, don't rush through them. 4.0 is 94%.
5.0 : This guy. This guyyy. Loves making jokes, really fun to have a class with. Yeah, the course is hard, but it's college chem; you should expect it. Go to his office hours! He will totally help anyone who tries. He hits the ground running, so don't dare miss even a single class. He will often drop one exam grade from the 5-6 chapter exams and final.
5.0 : Gen chem isn't too hard at all just go to lectures pay attention do alkes and you'll do fine. Brandon is for sure a great lecturer wish I could take him for Ochem
5.0 : Brandon is the best professor at UWB. A professor that gives you extra credit for writing jokes on exams? What get's better than that? His class is very difficult, but study your material and follow what he tells you to do before the exam and you would most likely get 80% or higher.
5.0 : Got a 3.9 in 153 with him and a 3.9 again in 163. Not too hard just study and pay attention. Brandons cool wish I could have him for ochem. If you don't do well in the class its all on you for not studying enough exams look like his practice problems.
5.0 : The most straightforward, forgiving, helpful professor you'll have. He doesn't give up on you if you're willing to try. He is so easy to approach and will do what he can to help you understand concepts. The work isn't hard and he just asks for you to read the directions. I wish he taught all my classes.
4.5 : Prof. Finley is generous with grading, but he deeply cares about your understanding of the material. He's more than glad to answer questions, clear confusion, discuss a problem and guide you to the correct path. He even finds joy in it.  He's very smart and is definitely interesting. I would definitely take all his classes if I could!
4.5 : Finley is by far the best professor I had in my freshmen year at uwb. I took chem with him and I've never seen a prof be so organized and knows what they are doing. His exams are a bit tough but if you ask for help  on anything and show him that you care about the course you will succeed. I would take any class with him again!
4.0 : Stanley is awesome!  He is one of the few professors that really cares about his students.  At the beginning he asked us all how many jobs we have, etc and designed the curriculum around our busy lives.  His lectures are fun and engaging and you have to be there to get credit!  Easy grader, definitely worth going to class.
4.5 : Stanley has a unique approach to teaching. He really expects his class to engage in lectures, so this is definitely not the place to take your afternoon nap. You won't be expected to memorize or recite facts from the text, but you are expected to learn from it and formulate your own opinions. As long as you show him you want an A, you will get it
4.0 : Coming into this class, I thought it was going to be a seminar class. Instead, Asah assigns a paper each week, 2 take home midterms, and a participation paper each day in class. He said the class is going to be easy, but it didn't turned out that way.
5.0 : Stanley is a fantastic professor. His classes are very light hearted and he is alway joking around. Really cares about his students and whether or not they learn. Weekly reading reviews, 1 take home midterm, and a take home final. He really encourages you to talk in groups to discuss environmental issues. Overall one of the best professors at UW.
1.0 : Goes off on personal tangents and frequently distracts the class from the lecture. The only saving grace in this course was the TA who was able to reexplain concepts and answer questions that the professor was unable to convey well. Stanley's pretty lenient on due dates but the grading system is messy and didn't align with the syllabus well.
5.0 : Amazing Professor, by far one of the smartest professors at UWT. The connections he establishing with the historical perspectives is amazing. He does not grade solely on your performance of memorizing information but how can you connect and relate it. Highly recommend this professor, what a genius!
5.0 : At least 10 hours of reading a week.  The only assignments were a short, ungraded essay; a midterm essay; a term paper; and a final essay.  If you missed or were late on a single assignment you get 0.0 for the quarter, though.  The lectures were informative and he'd point out important things so you'd know to use them in essays later.
5.0 : He is an amazing teacher, interested on his students' success , helpful, his lectures are very interesting. He is a master on the subject. He is a teacher from the heart. I wish to take every single subject I need for my degree with this type of teacher. Highly recommend him.
5.0 : Facilitated a perfect introduction to the upper level classes in my major. She is clear with homework expectations and individual grading of group projects. Great time management! Looking forward to her future classes.
5.0 : Jutta is very approachable. Her lectures come straight from the textbook, so if you are able to read ahead, the material will be easy to grasp. Exams and quizzes are fairly easy, she will create a study guide for exams if you ask. If you can't make it to class, talk to her, she will find a way to ensure you get points for missed assignments.
5.0 : Dr. Heller is very organized while her lectures are concise and simplified. I was informed that this was the most difficult bio class; but she made the material accessible to students (even if you don't like bio) as long as you worked and asked questions to understand it. Grading is fair with all tests having review sheets and homework just like it
4.0 : Very lenient and understanding towards students. She takes the time to make sure you fully understand what she is teaching. Extremely friendly to talk to. She grades fairly. However, because this was a freshmen only course she tended to treat us as if we were still in high school. Overall it was a fun class she enjoyed what she was teaching. Easy A
5.0 : Jutta is a professor who truly wants her students to succeed! Her enthusiasm and knowledge of the subject created a productive and interesting learning environment. I was able to get many questions answered before the exams by visiting office hours. Ask her questions! She is extremely willing to spend extra time with you reviewing material.
4.0 : Her lectures are short, sweet, and to the point. She is friendly and approachable and truly seems to want her students to succeed. She is lenient if you forget to turn in a part of an assignment.
5.0 : This guy is amazing! Very knowledgeable about Tacoma and very enthusiastic. Truly if you love history or from this area, this is a must take class. His tests are hard. You just have to read the book. 8 page paper due at end on something in Tacoma history. Easy class and fun!
4.5 : This class has 3 graded assignments: a midterm, a final, and a research paper. The midterm and final are very easy, and worth 25% of the grade each. The research paper is 5-10 pages and it's the other 50% of the grade. A couple field trips, other than that just lectures, some really interesting and some really boring.
4.0 : Dr. Matthews rocks. She assigns a lot of homework, but all the assignments actually help you with the papers you have to write. She's very clear, and always available if you have questions. She's there to help.
4.5 : Carrie is a great ENGL teacher. Her feedback + peer conferences really help your writing get better. We went over a bunch of example papers in class and practiced giving them grades, which was really helpful for expectations for our own papers. Nice person and willing to help; all she expects is that you do your work and learn how to improve.
4.0 : Carrie is really nice! She is very specific and clear about what she expects from her students. She is also very willing to help when you need it. She is also very encouraging and she acknowledges your improvement throughout the quarter. However, I felt like she didn't give as good of a feedback on papers as I had expected. Still great!
4.0 : Carrie was exceptionally helpful whenever I stopped by her office hours. She is incredibly easy to talk to, explains assignments clearly, and is willing to give you a hand or point you in the right direction if you need it. The quality of my work improved dramatically throughout the quarter. I would absolutely take a class with her again.
5.0 : Ms. Jen is a wonderful professor and the BEST I have ever had. So glad to have her as my first English teacher. She is really approachable and willing to spend time on helping her students. She tells you her expectations and cares about her students' feelings. ABSOLUTELY LOVE HER
5.0 : One of the most caring teachers I have ever met, she truly takes time and energy out of her day for her students and wants each one to succeed and grow in her class, at whatever capacity the student is able to.
5.0 : Jen genuinely cares about every single one of her students. She gives great feed back on every single paper that is written throughout the quarter and as long as you make the changes she reccomends you will get a good grade. Great Professor and a fantastic person
5.0 : LOVE Jen. Easily the best professor (technically grad student) I have ever had. I've heard a lot of bad things about the 1112131 classes due to bad teachers, but Jen is not among them. She gives you in depth, very helpful feedback and is available to help you with anything whenever. Also very nice with her grading as long as you put in the effort
5.0 : Jen is an excellent professor! Honestly if you're debating whether or not to take her class just take it. She helps everybody no matter what their writing skills are. She actually cares about her students doing well. Our class was focused on dystopian writing and I loved it.
5.0 : She is the absolute best!!! By far one of my favorite teachers at this school. She is the nicest, sweetest, and most understanding teacher that I have ever had. The papers are not hard and it is very easy to get A's on them. She puts a ton of effort into her class and she will help you in any way that she can.
5.0 : Jennifer gives really good feedback on papers and is very clear on how to improve. She also really cares about her students. Last spring when I was applying to my majors, she read through my personal statements several times and offered me so much help!! I couldn't have done it without her. Best, most encouraging professor I've ever had.
5.0 : Jen is amazing! Perhaps the most caring, sweetest, genuine instructor you'll have at UW. She really cares about student success is always available for any questions or assistance you need. As a writing course, you grade is determined primarily from papers, but there are so many stages of revision its hard to do poorly.
5.0 : Jen is an awesome instructor! She teaches very well, and is approachable too! She's wonderful to talk to outside of class, and gives a reasonable amount of work. A++ for her!
5.0 : Talk to her outside of class, and she'll tell you exactly what needs to be improved about your paper.  Obviously cares about students improving, and will do her best to help.  Wonderful professor, 10/10 would take her class again
5.0 : Jennifer is amazing. She is always there for you and gives you awesome feedback for your assignments. The topics she choose to teach are interesting and very relatable to everyone so it makes writing more fun. She is willing to work with you and is very flexible in meeting up for conferences.  I would most likely recommend this class to anybody!!!
5.0 : She's really great and so kind. My favorite professor here!
5.0 : The best teacher at UW !
5.0 : She is a great teacher. She's very clear and tells students exactly what she is looking for in an assignment. Super nice and she makes a boring class interesting. I hope I get her for English Comp!
5.0 : She has been one of the most caring professor. She takes time to get to know each student. She give great feedback and advice for your paper. One of the best professor at UW.
5.0 : Jen is the most caring teacher I've ever had, and my writing is now a million times better because of her. Explains things well with really clear and funny examples, and is just a great person. I used to go to office hours every week just to talk to her.
5.0 : Jen is one of the nicest teachers I've had, and she genuinely cares about each student. We had to write about three papers, but she's very clear with prompts, and she always reads through the drafts and then has a conference with you.
5.0 : She's easily the best English teacher I've ever had. She's extremely warm and genuinely cares about your well being. Her feedback is very positive and constructive and you don't feel criticized whatsoever. I wish I could take all my English classes from her!
5.0 : I absolutely love Jen. She is amazing! I had her during Early Fall Start and I am so glad that I had her as my first college professor! She is absolutely amazing. She's always willing to help, really kind, and gives thorough feedback. She is so helpful and I cannot explain it all in 350 words. You would not regret taking a class with Jen!
5.0 : Really interesting class. She LOVES clicker questions and they are super helpful for the final, which is all multiple choice. It definitely was a lot of difficult writing, but they teach you the tools in which you need to write on that level. Both TA's were great at explaining. Definitely buy the textbook. You need it.
5.0 : FASCINATING content, great lecturer, light workload (10-30 pages per lecture, 2 lectures per week, readings aren't too dense) - highly recommend this class. Getting a 4.0 is pretty manageable, but the difficulty will depend a bit on how your TA grades your essays. There are graded clicker Q's every single lecture, so skipping class will cost you.
3.5 : Lauren is a wonderful teacher! There are clicker questions based off the reading every day so you need the textbook, but the class is definitely worth it. Lauren and the TAs were helpful if you just asked and were open to all views. Not an easy class but not hard, either. Prepare to do a lot of fun thinking!
5.0 : Took her PHIL 343 class in the winter and it was one of the best courses I have ever taken. It was not easy by any means, but the topics were very interesting. Lauren is a fantastic teacher!
4.5 : Lauren's lectures are captivating, interesting, and attendance is a requirement to pass as there are electronic quiz questions throughout the lecture. It is apparent that Lauren is passionate about the subject (ex. Env. Ethics). Best class I've taken at UW.
5.0 : Excellent! You can tell she really cares about her students. She is very supportive and participates in the online forums, unlike some ISS professors who mandate participation but don't participate in the forums themselves. Highly recommend. She is one of the best professors I've ever had. Inspiring!
5.0 : Took her ISS 301 course in Autumn and she is a fantastic professor. All of the assignments come with their own rubrics which are crystal clear about what she expects from you. She is an inspirational and very intelligent professor that genuinely seems to care about her students. Will certainly take her again!
5.0 : Took ISS350 with Lauren in Autumn Quarter and the class was pretty easy. The ePortfolio work is engaging and fun and I did not feel like it was more work than a 2 credit class should be. She is crystal clear about how all of the assignments are graded. If you do them all and follow the rubrics carefully, you will get a good grade.
3.5 : If you're expecting a remotely easy class, look elsewhere. Despite poring over the textbook and studying extensively from the study guides, there isn't much to be done as far as getting a good grade goes. Lectures touch on unrelated topics often, and points are taken off exams at will. Labs are impossible to get full grades on.
5.0 : Really good professor who knows her stuff and is very accessible. Not an easy class by any means as there are a lot of things to learn, but pay attention in class and you'll be fine
5.0 : I loved Prof. Crider! Her class led me to the decision to minor in ESS at the UW. She didn't post lectures online so you have to attend class if you don't want to fall behind. She gives great study guides before each test. Really spend time studying them and you'll be fine! Only used textbook for clarifying certain topics, but never read it for hw.
5.0 : Hongyan Zhang, or Newton (her married name), is one of the funniest, sweetest, most intelligent, and FUNNIEST professors I have ever had. Her lectures do a good job explaining tough concepts, and she makes herself very available for questions. Best of all, her offhand comments are HILARIOUS. I wish she were teaching 2nd year Chinese!
5.0 : Honestly, this class was--as said by other reviews--the hardest English course I have ever taken. I worked my ass off, and received okay scores. But my writing improved exponentially. Kirin is so helpful, and really cares about your potential and improvement as a writer rather than just you turning in your essays. So so so helpful.
4.0 : She really pushed students to expand their thinking and not be afraid of uncomfortable topics
5.0 : Kirin is a great professor. She expects a lot out of her students but this expectation forces students to grow. You will get as much out of her class as you put in. She will challenge your thinking though it is a fascinating way to learn about yourself in the process because she isn't afraid to make you uncomfortable. I highly recommended her.
5.0 : Very helpful, she notices what students need to work on and has workshops and assignments designed to develop skills in the areas needed. She definitely helped me become a better writer. There's lots of reading but she makes up for it by being interesting, excited, and helpful.
5.0 : This is by far the hardest English class I have ever taken. But it has also been the most helpful and I feel more confident in my writing ability because of prof. Kirin.
5.0 : Loved this class. We had to do a lot of reading, but it was worth it. Kirin designed an unbelievably well-thought out curriculum: the literature, the music, the history... it was all fascinating. She was insightful, enthusiastic, and very helpful and clear. I loved going to office hours to chat one-on-one; I always came away with a new outlook.
5.0 : Kirin was the TA for Dr. Cherniavsky. The class overall was really interesting, and Kirin's contribution to the discussion sections made the material easier to understand, and more interesting. I really enjoyed having her as an instructor. She was very clear about what we need to do to succeed in the class, and she was always available to help.
5.0 : Totally awesome Prof, she's snarky and hilarious. Really, really enjoyed this class. Grades are solely based off of weekly online quizzes and presentations, no midtermsfinal. Her quizzes are tricky and definitely take time, but she genuinely isn't trying to "trick" you and feels bad if questions are confusing. Definitely recommend the class.
4.0 : Grades made up of only presentations and catalyst quizzes. Presentations were not bad, but quizzes kind of stressed me out even though you could work with other students. Just do well on your group presentations and fairly well on your catalyst quizzes and expect a high grade. She is sassy, awesome, and fairly lenient on regrades. She's great!
4.0 : Smart guy, really knows his stuff
4.5 : Dr. Bryant gives really clear and organized lectures. Love that she uses slides and not the projector. First exam was what was expected. Questions on second exam and final exam especially were ridiculous and hard. I heard numerous people saying they had no idea how to do a lot of the problems.
4.0 : One of the hardest class I've taken so far! Had her for general chem, and she seems to be better at teaching that stuff. She taught Ochem first time the previous fall quarter and went over the materials pretty fast. Make sure to find practice exams to do. Very personable professor though!
5.0 : Probably the best professor I have had at UW. Very clear about what she wants you to know and how she will test you. Engaging in lectures and very well balanced between explaining the "why" and not overcomplicating things. Don't expect an easy A, but she gives you all the tools to do well.
4.5 : Best professor in the department, the class was very organized. Would have liked to have had her for every single chem class, but sadly she only teaches 142237312. A must-have teacher in my opinion.
5.0 : Had her for 162 and 237. One of my favorite profs at UW. Her tests are difficult, but do practice problems and you'll be fine. She tests how much learn, not memorize, which is how all chem tests should be. She is also hilarious and easy to talk to. Take her class if you can!
5.0 : Prof Bryant is probably one of the best profs in the chem department. She makes lectures fun and the 90 minute lecture seems to last only 50. Worksheets are published at the end of every week to review, she's more than willing to move homework deadlines and writes her slides as she goes to keep up with student pace. Would take any class she teaches
3.5 : She is a very good professor and you should take her if you have the chance, although she tries extremely hard to be funny... which gets seriously annoying.
4.5 : One of my favorite professors in UW. She is very clear in her explanations and made the material easy and interesting. Want to ace the class?  Look through her lecture notes,  do the worksheets, and study for weekly quizzes. Highly recommend taking her class if you can.
5.0 : Professor Bryant really cares about student learning. She's a extremely clear lecturer and definitely knows the subject material. Also, she tries really hard to relate to her students and is really funny. Also, extremely helpful during office hours.
4.5 : The subject is hard, but Bryant has clear lectures and provided us with old exams to study from, gave out weekly review worksheets, and gave us a list of topics we are expected to know on exams. She genuinely cares about your learning, and is very enthusiastic about organic chemistry.
5.0 : She is the best professor at UW, she could teach physics or something she doesn't even teach and I'd probably give her the same rating
4.0 : She is very passionate about chemistry and her jokes are so bad they're good, especially the ones right before the exam. She's really patient when people ask questions during lecture and tries her best to explain them in different ways. Lectures can get a bit boring from time to time, but exams are pretty easy with high averages
5.0 : She is engaging and makes the material fun and accessible. The first test is easy; it is primarily conceptual. The second midterm and the final are math-heavy.  Her chemistry jokes are the best!
4.0 : Bryant is an incredible professor. She's taught the same classes so many times that she's extremely efficient and capable of teaching difficult topics. She provides plenty of practice worksheets, but keep in mind they're nothing like the exams. If you have her for 237, be prepared for a very difficult 1st exam. Average was 55. Best chem professor!
5.0 : She has to be one of the best professors on campus. She gives good notes and offers multiple explanations so that the students understand. She loves her job and is super passionate about chem, and it rubs off on you. While the subject is tough, she makes it bearable with her humor during lectures. I would take her class again if I could. I LOVE HER
5.0 : She has all the materials you need to do well available to you all the time. Super easy to follow along because all of her notes and explanations and panoptos are clearly available, online, and relevant.
4.5 : She posts panopto recordings of her lectures and attendance is not mandatory. Her exams are not easy, but weekly worksheets and practice exams prepare you well. She also gives weekly quizzes, which we had to take in groups of 4 or 3. Exam reggae was always around 60% because you only get 45 minutes for the exam.
5.0 : Her lectures are screencast and that is awesome. If you work hard, you can succeed. I didn't study much for the two midterms and got only a few points above average. I worked my butt of for the final and ended up with a 3.9. So don't give up if your grade doesn't seem too good in the beginning. Her lectures are very clear and well organized. If you study the lectures well, you don't need to read the book. I didn't really.
4.5 : Bryant was an amazing professor; she taught the subject super well and she was clear in her explanations. She does provide a lot of practice worksheets (one every week), though they are different from what is on the actual exams. Exams were quite difficult, so the averages tend to be low. Hard class, but you learn a lot!
5.0 : Believe me when you read this: she is probably the best organic chemistry teacher you will ever have (and general chem)! Her lectures are funny, engaging, structured, and super clear. Provides more than enough supplementary material. Always available office hours/appointment. She cares students. She will lay a great ochem foundation for you.
4.0 : Very charismatic, and a great lecturer. Do not let this fool you- her tests are brutal. You can literally lose 4% of your grade for a single misplaced digit. She's great at explaining concepts, but if anything she's saying is news to you you're already WAY behind. I learned a lot, but this was the hardest I've ever worked for a class
5.0 : The best, engaging, inspirational, caring teacher for Ochem. She's very organized, introduces new topics clearly, engages with the class and is very funny. Her lectures are so clear, that I maybe looked for help in the book a handful of times. I wish she taught the whole Ochem series cause I'd be in her fan club. Take her class!!
5.0 : Prof Bryant is the best if you really want to LEARN ochem. The hw is more a learning tool than a busywork grade, and the book is more supplemental than required. Lectures are informative and humorous, she provides TONS of extra resources and when that's not enough she's very helpful during office hours. I wish she taught the rest of the series!
4.0 : She is funny, though not clear on every subject. In words, easy grader and the exams are so easy as well.
5.0 : I honestly love Bryant's teaching. Chem 237 is by far my favorite class I have taken at UW. Anyone who love chem will also love Bryant. She is amazing.
4.5 : I absolutely loved having Dr. Bryant for 237. Despite the first exam being tough, it was fair game from all her previous exams and lecture slides. I absolutely wish I had her for 238. She always is enthusiastic, is there for you during office hours, and genuinely wants you to learn the material. If you can take ANY of her classes, please do so.
5.0 : BEST CHEM TEACHER EVER. I took AP Chem in HS, which was terrible. However, chem is currently my favorite class because she makes chem so easy to understand and learn. Needless to say, her tests are not easy, but definitely doable. I really wish she was teaching 152 next year.
5.0 : Such a great professor!! Explains things in a way that make sense. Never had to read the textbook. Really prepares you so you know exactly what to expect on tests. Take chem with Bryant or else you're screwed.
5.0 : Very good lecturer but as others have said, her tests are hard but with good preparation they are manageable. One of those teachers that has no desire to trick you on a test and has a desire for you to do well and understand the concepts of the class
5.0 : She's willing to work with you if you have a conflict or something going on but doesnt just hand you things which is one of the best traits in a professor. She teaches a pretty difficult course but makes lectures bearable. One of my favorite professors.
5.0 : Some other things I could not tag  is "Gives good feedback", "Respected by Students", and " Amazing lectures".  Heck yea I would love to have her as my professor again. She teaches things in so many different ways in class so that no matter how you learn something, you will conceptually understand what it happening. Read txtbook b4 or after lecture
4.0 : Very good professor, clear explanations and uses technology to make her lectures more interesting and clear. She actually does calculations live in class rather than some professors that just read them off a powerpoint. However, she is terrible at making tests, tests either have an average of 90% or 67%, there is no room for error.
4.0 : She was a great lecturer. But the class itself is so hard! Its crazy how you can get such a low grade when you put in 20+ hours a week into just this one class. I did great at lab and in lecture, but I'm a bad test taker, so I got a pretty poor grade in the class. But Jasmine was so nice and genuinely interested in chem! Probs the best chem prof!
5.0 : Amazing and fun lectures. Her exams are so easy so it's hard to stand out when the average is +88%. They have some curveballs though so be prepared. If 1 midterm is easy the other will be hard. But she tells you what's on them. Answers Qs in OH which are usually packed before exams. Panopto recordings don't always have audio so use carefully.
5.0 : Okay, so here's the deal. 142 is difficult. It's just like that bc it's a weed out class. But Bryant makes it the best it could possibly be. She's funny, and clear when explaining concepts. I was retaking this class and I had Carroll before her. I by far love Bryant much more. So sweet and understanding and very knowledgeable. Remember to study!
5.0 : Dr. Bryant is the best professor I've ever had. She's funny and engaging, and her teaching style is incredibly accessible. Not once did I leave lecture feeling like I was missing something. Her tests are hardish, so study up if you want to beat the curve,  but rest assured that Dr. Bryant will do her best to ensure everyone's success in the class.
5.0 : Such a great prof! She cares about her students and is actually interested in orgo. Her tests are difficult and tricky, but if you study hard for them, you can get a good grade. I would recommend tutoring or online resources like clutch prep to help with the tough concepts. Take her, but be prepared to work your butt off.
4.0 : Bryant is amazing. She is funny and clear. Her class is very organized, which makes makes it easy to follow.
5.0 : Very good lecturer. Great at answering questions and motivating students. Although there's a lot of homework in the class it's very easy to get 100% on all the assignments. There are no past final exams to look at but if you go over all the extra material she hands out you're good to go. Didn't really need the book for her class so save your money!
4.5 : Dr. Bryant's lectures are great, and she's very patient with questions. She has an excellent sense of humor, and gets excited about demos.
4.0 : She is one of the best chemistry teachers I've had, so it was great to have her for my first ochem class. She does tons of example problems which is very helpful and posts all the slides online. She also uses Panopto to record the lectures. Quizzes aren't too bad and homework is long but it's good practice. Study the reactions a ton!
5.0 : I loved Professor Bryant! Lectures are clear and engaging. Wish I could have taken the entire organic chemistry series with her! Beware: her tests aren't super hard, so it's usually a pretty tough curve. I went to class and studied her lecture notes carefully and ended up with an A. Didn't open the textbook.
5.0 : Hard subject, but great professor. Really makes o-chem understandable. She seems like she loves her job. Clear, informative, and straightforward lectures. She makes note taking easy. Wish I could have her throughout the o-chem series.
5.0 : Bryant is probably the best chemistry professor at UW. She is the most clear and easy to understand. Her tests are bearable and aren't absurdly long like most chem tests. You'll be able to finish in time FOR ONCE! I've heard she's incredible for chem237 too. She also posts Panoptos so you can skip class. She provides lists of all topics on the test
5.0 : Great lectures, genuinely excited to be teaching students and has an awesome sense of humor that kept me interested even through the most repetitive material.
4.0 : I'll definitely take her classes again. She makes me like Chemistry, which is a subject I hated with passion. Now I enjoy learning it more than ever. As long as you follow her notes and pay attention to lectures, you'll get the concepts very easily.
4.5 : After going through the entire gen chem series, she was definitely the best professor I had out of the three classes. Actually, she was so much better than the other professors that I wish I had appreciated her more while I was in her class. Lectures were entertaining, she was really clear, and I enjoyed the class. Still hard though.
5.0 : To be honest, I hate chemistry, but she motivated me to show up to an 8:30 chemistry class. She's really excited to be teaching, cracks jokes a lot, and has extremely clear lectures. Lectures had a very casual feel to them which was also nice.
4.5 : After the fiasco that was the UW Gen Chem series, I was surprised to find myself actually enjoying Chemistry in the intro O Chem class! Bryant expertly eases students into the O Chem puzzle-like way of thinking--I particularly enjoyed the use of model kits. Her tests were reasonable and actually fun (much to my surprise).
5.0 : The best chemistry professor I've ever had! She explains concepts very clearly and is always open to questions. Her averages are higher than usual, which can hurt your score sometimes, but at least you learn the material well.
5.0 : She is the best chemistry professor I have had. She made learning the material very easy. Reading is not required if you go to lectures and do homework.
5.0 : Dr. Bryant is hands down one of the best professors at UW. She is so caring, funny, approachable, and fair. Her explanations are clear, and she makes the one and a half hour lectures entertaining. She will lay out a great foundation that will help you succeed in the successive organic chemistry courses.
5.0 : She is awesome. She is funny and really into chemistry. Everything you need to know you can get from lectures. she clarifies as she goes. O-chem is tough in general, but it was a lot easier thanks to her
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at UW! She's really caring, interesting, and great at explaining. Really made ochem manageable. Really wish she was teaching 238!
5.0 : Professor Bryant is very organized and gives extremely clear lectures. She is very good at making you feel confident in the subject matter and also makes the material fun. I highly recommend her class for anyone who is afraid to take chem or anyone who loves chem.
4.5 : Great prof
5.0 : The class was enjoyable and Prof. Bryant was incredibly kind, funny and you can tell she really enjoys her profession, she always in the best mood and happy to be teaching which is something I can say about few profs, and she makes you excited as well for class, but some questions on exams can throw you through a curve so really ask questions!!!!
2.0 : The overall class was okay, she wasn't very descriptive in her lectures, very quick overviews, laughed and joked more than anything, what really helped me learn was the online homework which was 1/10 the difficulty of the questions that showed up on exams.
4.5 : Dr. Bryant is probably the best chemistry lecturer I've ever had at UW. She made OChem fun and easy to understand. Just attend the lectures and do lots of practice problems and you'll do great. One annoyance though is some questions on exams comes from brief hints she barely mentioned in lecture. Great professor. Highly recommend!!
5.0 : Dr. Bryant is a very lively instructor. She makes a lot of jokes that lighten the mood and is willing to spend time listening to and answering questions during lecture. Because she teaches the material so well, test and class averages are usually high, so make sure you know your stuff to not be negatively affected by the curve
4.5 : She made my first step into Organic Chemistry fun and motivating. Her lectures are very clear and her tests are not too hard (Clear expectation). She is funny, sweet and cares for her students.
5.0 : She taught O Chem in a way that made it all make sense and seem effortless. She can always answer your questions and makes time for you and will add extra office hours just for you. She provides a clear and concise list of what will be on her tests. Tests are straight-forward. Best professor I've ever had. Would recommend her.
4.0 : She had very enjoyable lectures, where she laughed at her own jokes. It made going to lecture much more fun. Her tests were pretty easy, although they graded pretty harshly.  Overall, she made ochem a little less crappy.
5.0 : After having teachers in high school who never explained material very well and left me feeling incapable of succeeding in science, I now feel confident in pursuing a STEM major thanks to Dr. Bryant. She is a wonderful professor who genuinely cares about her students, wants you to succeed, and is great at explaining. I definitely recommend her!
5.0 : Studied the night before midterms/final and got a 4.0. Pay attention and this class is surprisingly easy. Explains things well. He's clearly very brilliant. Class curved to a 3.3 with an 85% guaranteeing a 4.0 which isn't hard to get. Fascinating topic (way better than biochem). Overall one of my favorite classes. Take Mayer!
3.5 : She has a sense of humour that could seem demeaning at times. She really does care though and wants you to make mistakes and come to her office hours. There is a lot of chalkboard work and she will make it clear when you do something she doesn't like.  There was quite a bit a homework every night and it usually takes an hour or more a night.
5.0 : ????????? ?????????? always comes to class motivated and enthusiastic about the material. You can definitely see the love that she has for the subject she teaches. She encourages mistakes, and will go out of her way to help you understand the materials outside of class. Her classes are definitely worth taking.
4.0 : This is a language course, so most of the material is memorization-level stuff, of course. Just study from the text and you will do fine. Tests and grading are the same as Russian 101 (if you took it at UW). She explains things in depth, which helps me get a better understanding and memorize of the material.
5.0 : Amazing, passionate, willing to help, strict yet sweet. If you work hard, she will love you. Began the year w/a lot of homework, but it became more reasonable. Wont mark you down for mistakes on homework, just corrects them. Tests allow many mistakes. 2nd Year is the hardest but dont give up! 8-10 small tests &amp; 4 big tests(midterms) per quarter.
5.0 : A truly wonderful teacher who is willing to take time to help all students in class. She can be strict and kind of severe, but she means very well. Be prepared when you come to class and don't be afraid to make mistakes. There is homework every night, but the grading and due dates are usually fairly lenient. I recommend any class with Valentina!
4.0 : Joannie's awesome. just expect lots of readings, but guided with reading questions, she discusses the readings during the second half of lecture, posts lectures online with definition of concepts. Want to ace that exam? UTILIZE HER HOUR OFFICE HOURS. START ON THE PAPER BEFORE A WEEK, her guidelines are super helpful. She's super nice.
5.0 : She's enthusiastic, interesting, and knowledgeable. Definitely recommend her. 427 was a pretty easy class because she explained things well (I got an A- doing ~30% of the readings). Workload wasn't that heavy either. Only bad thing I have to say is that 427 covers a lot of topics you already learned in other POLS classes.
5.0 : This is was one of the best classes I've taken at UW. Professor Blacksher is really great and I highly recommend her class!
5.0 : Intro to Bioethics class with guest lectures and presentations. Very interesting C/NC class that made me want to become a Bioethics minor. Topics covered are very interesting, but some of the quizzes can be tough (the presenters create them). Highly recommended to take for a very interactive class!
4.0 : She is super nice and you can tell she really cares about frencheuropean cinema. You don't really have to go to class because she posts the slides online however she does have participation so you should go to class. Make sure however you do go to quiz section because thats were a lot of work is done. The TA's are super nice but are tough graders!
5.0 : This was my favorite class of all times! Learning about the idea of Europe through film was fun. Each week an assignment about the film is due, 3 quizzes throughout quarter, 5 random in-class participation questionnaires (drops 1 if you missed class), and occasional easy write-ups for quiz sec. Her British accent is awesome too! Highly recommended
5.0 : really interesting discussions, professor respects students opinions and responds to your online discussions . Kind of a lot of reading but it's okay if you don't get it all done every time. Some weeks had a lot more reading than others  and it would have been good to have it more balanced. Still this ended up being one of my favorite uw classes.
4.0 : Wasn't really much about FranceFrench cinema, mostly about the "idea of Europe." Many of the films were French, but we didn't discuss their placement in film history or technique much beyond the 3rd week. Lectures were long &amp; she seemed to frequently reach pretty far for her interpretations of scenes. Clear expectations &amp; easy grader tho.
5.0 : She was a very good Instructor  :)
5.0 : This was a great seminar.  Dan is friendly, helpful, and very approachable.  He assigns a significant (but by no means overwhelming) amount of work, but is not a tough grader.  As long as you go to class and do the assignments, you will get credit and learn a lot about engineering.
5.0 : Took Professor Payman for my Early fall start class as a freshman. This was the first college class I've ever taken and it was a great experience. He was very knowledgeable about the topic and he made teaching interesting. He is also a funny guy and one of the more chill teachers
4.0 : The class was pretty okay and the knowledge of this professor is  considerably good given the many examples he presented his class. He also likes to relate the lectures with his personal work and I found that really interesting. There is always something new to learn in every class session.
5.0 : This guy is really super sweet and pretty mellow, however the content he teaches isnt easy. Make sure to go to office hours if you have questions because I'm feeling really behind right now. Super smart, funny, love his Russian accent. goes over some problems kind of quickly. you should know your stuff if your taking upper level econ.
3.0 : Dr. Dashkeev is a great guy. His class is a little tough (you'll need to study for exams), but he genuinely cares about students understanding the concepts. He can be pretty quirky, but it's adorbs.
5.0 : I love this professor! He's hilarious. Kinda tough. Really sweet. One of the best. (Im not really into econ., but I had to take it. It wasnt really my thing but he makes it understandable. Glad I had him.)
5.0 : Awesome professor!! Highly recommend taking any of his classes. Rene is super helpful and will gladly assist you with whatever challenges you are facing (within reason, obviously). EXTREMELY knowledgeable and has a passion to teach all students. This was definitely a class I was eager to show up to and participate in.
5.0 : Rene was pretty laid back so he made the class fun, but he still put an emphasis on work getting done and doing it well. He was super helpful in class and fairly easy to contact outside of class.
5.0 : Amazing teacher at UW. Taking this course as W credit. EASY A+ grade. He is so knowledagbale in history, english, philosophy. Give your many chances to editing your paper.
4.0 : Rene is probably the most intelligent person I have met. The content can sometimes be a little confusing and he can get into irrelevant rants from time to time, but class is always interesting and he's a generous grader.
4.5 : Rene was one of the best I've had for English. Very funny. Made a mandatory class interesting. Though he can get off topic sometimes, he's very intelligent and engaging that it makes up for it. I'd recommend his class to anyone, easy workload, looked forward to class.
5.0 : Definitely  one of the best instructors I've ever had. I highly recommend taking one of his classes.
4.5 : He was by far my favorite professor this quarter. Definitely recommend his classes!
5.0 : From what I've heard of other INFO 360 professors, Andy is the best. He was always clear on what he wanted from assignments, and assigns fair work.  We worked on group projects from the very beginning of the quarter, giving us a good sense of what the real design process is like.
5.0 : Honestly one of the best professors at UW. Lots of interesting stories and experience to share with the class, lots of real cool theory.  Also how does he not have a red pepper.... saying this as a straight guy, Andy is a handsome dude.
5.0 : Easily one of the best (if not the best) professors of the Information School. Full of knowledge and cares about his students! Highly recommend taking 360 with him.
5.0 : Hard grader with a harsh grading scale, but I learned more about software development and the software development industry in this class than any other class. One of my favorite classes ever.
5.0 : Stressful class. A lot more stressful than I thought it would be. Good educational experience though. I learned a lot, plus got a good project for my resume under my belt.
5.0 : I am currently taking Info 360 with Andrew Ko and I really cannot say enough by how excellent of a professor he is.  He has a unique curriculum with very light reading but very useful and essential information.  Additionally, his manner of teaching is extremely calm and respectable.
3.5 : Ben's a nice guy. It's difficult to know what's important in his class, between the readings he doesn't reference in class or a long, interesting classroom discussion, but the class is enjoyable for the most part.
4.0 : Ben is a great professor! The class is centered around readings and lectures, but he includes the class and asks intriguing questions. He gives study guides for each test(2 quizzes, 1 final), which I appreciate. He's really understanding, and his passion for the topic makes the class really enjoyable! Would definitely take one of his classes again.
5.0 : Great teacher! One of the best at UWB.
5.0 : Excellent professor.I like his teaching style.
5.0 : As said before, best professor I have ever had! He is truly inspirational! His class is not easy, but I don't know that I have ever learned or grown that much from a class before. He has projects that help you work and improve yourself. Everything is straightforward and he does work with you to have the best experience.
5.0 : He teaches you like an adult, and expects you do to your work. With that said, it is one of the most inspiring classes I've taken. You learn more than just textbook stuff, you learn about yourself and life. Take him if you can.
5.0 : Alan is the best teacher at UW Bothell hands down. His teaching style is incredible. He is a great leader and teacher. He is an inspirational person and professor. He makes class very interesting and relatable. Listens to what students want and is very flexible. Takes attendance very seriously. I HIGHLY recommend his BBUS402 and BBUS 473 class!
2.0 : He made it sound like your opinion matters, but in reality, it doesn't! Lowest grade I got in my entire college years. I hated his class. Didn't learn anything valuable.
3.0 : Expect lots of POP Quizzes. Worst grade that I have received in my academic career. His expectations are not clear. Your essays will be "pass" or "fail" with little feedback. There is a A LOT of work, definitely a lot of effort was made for such a low grade. Avoid this class if you have a job as the readings+ workloads are kind of heavy.
5.0 : This is the best experience I've had while attending the UWB school of business. Mr. Boss is very professional, and better yet, his is very passionate about what he is teaching. This is a true professor. Very balanced and material context that will be resourceful for a whole life.
5.0 : Alan is an amazing professor. He takes time to understand the needs of his students to make sure that class time is used wisely. The class itself is not easy! There is a ton of reading (5 different books + many articles). Pop quizzes almost every other class, 3 essays and cumulative final. If you work hard and participate, you will get a good grade
4.0 : Come to every class get extra .2 on your GPA. There are pop quizzes in every class but they are the same as the study guide. Most assignments are pass or fail. His final is not that hard if you just pay attention in class and read in depth. The BHAG essay took me a couple hours. The key to this class is to READ. Got a 3.8 and didn't try that hard.
1.5 : DON'T Take him and do yourself a favor, there is a quiz every class almost. A LOT of reading and the material wasn't really interesting. He ruined the class for me. If you're a female then though luck, he is self-righteous. He'll pretend that he's helping but he isn't. You'll work in this class but wont get and A also the final is cumulative.
5.0 : Top 3 prof I've ever had.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had at Foster. He makes difficult topics manageable and teaches in a way that makes sense. Tests are fair, no curveballs; he really cares about your progress. If you have an opportunity to learn from him, take it!
5.0 : Definitely one of the best professors in the business school. If you have any choice of who to take for 303 (or any accounting class he may be teaching), take it with Jake and don't look back. I wasn't even doing well in the class, but he was very encouraging. The class is incredibly well structured, organized, and he keeps it interesting.
5.0 : This is a teacher that cares allot about her job. She is attentive and very supportive but will stretch your thinking at the same time! She made me want to go into teaching, and I highly recommend  her classes to ANYONE going into or thinking about teaching!
5.0 : I love her. Take any classes that she offers at UW. By far the best professor I had at UW. Such a lovely, kind, classy lady that cares for students and loves what she does.
3.5 : Probably already know him by his reputation. Puts all the material in front of you before each exam and tests reliably as he has for the last couple decades. Expects thoroughness and completeness. As far as fairness in grading, probably flips a coin in evaluating the completeness of your answers.
5.0 : I learned more about myself in Helping Skills then in all my other classes combined. It is an amazing experience, but you have to be motivated. Furman does not baby students, if you are not motivated, you will not do well. He wants you to do well, and wants you to learn about yourself and how to be a good CJ worker.
5.0 : This was a really hard, but amazing class. I was pushed to learn research in a way that I had not before. Rich expects a lot, and gives a lot. Our autoethnography assignment was perhaps the most powerful school project I have had. Inspirational professor.
5.0 : This is the best class in our program so far.
5.0 : This is the best class in our program so far. Rich is  a ton of fun, and his lectures are amazing.
5.0 : Rich is one of the only proffs that really ever made me feel that he cares. He is a real person, and he care so much for  his students. His class was never boring. He does not stand up and lecture for hours. he is great.
5.0 : I loved this class and it is my favorite in the MSW program so far. Rich is kind of a hard-ass. He won't baby you and he will be straight up with his critiques. However, you can tell he REALLY cares and is invested in his students learning. My eyes were definitely opened in this class and I even rearranged my work schedule to take him again!
5.0 : This was a really hard class, and Rich is really demanding. I learned a lot. As others have written about him, he can be pretty intense, but if you do what is demanded of our, every day, its not that bad. In fact, its an easy A if you post every day.
5.0 : Dr Furman is an incredible Social Work instructor: Students are so absorbed in every lecture, you could hear a pin drop. He is deeply committed to SW. His text book selections were inspired. His communication skills amazing. He is very clear that he is open to meet with students at a local coffee shop 4 academic help or just to chat. AWESOME! AAA+
3.5 : Frances is amazing. The class was mostly discussion based with a few essays and a final group project.  She cared about every student in the class. Essay topics were very broad even though she seemed like she had something specific in mind. Show up to EVERY class, it matters. Overall got a great grade and made friends within the class.
1.0 : She seems to offer a lot more substance than what is actually provided. Clearly thinks the world of herself.
4.5 : I loved Frances. It was her first time teaching English 242, and she made it a great experience. She'll know your name by the 2nd or 3rd day of class.  We helped create the prompts for each essay and we basically helped write the questions for the final. 3 one page papers and 2 five page papers. 4 books to read, all very easy and enjoyable.
5.0 : Frances is amazing. She is very enthusiastic and really cares about her students. The class was pretty easy and the novels/short stories we read in class were fun and easy as well. 4 books, 3 single spaced one page essays, 2 five-seven page essays, and a final (25 questions). I really hope to have her again in the future!
3.0 : Do not buy the textbook. She gave up on 'assigned' reading after the first week. Lectures can get a bit boring but actually some pretty interesting stuff. Regarding midterm and final........... STRAIGHT FROM THE QUIZES (which are very very very easy), easy 4.0 if you study an hour the night before only. Also she offers extra credit just in case
4.5 : Great teacher, really cool class. She stresses over and over again during lecture the things you need to remember and even puts big golden stars by things that are likely to be on the tests. She makes lectures fun and interesting and keeps your attention and is NOT OUT TO TRICK students.
5.0 : This class was fun and easy! Ruth is a great teacher and a great person. Don't even bother buying the textbook; you won't need it. Also, don't show up to class late; she'll personally call you out on it!
4.0 : Has in-class quizzes that you answer using Top Hat, and weekly quizzes on Canvas that you study off for the midterm and final. She assigns suggested readings, but they're sort of optional cos you basically just the lecture slides. DO NOT BE LATE TO HER CLASS! On the other hand, she may seem strict but she's actually really sweet. Loved her class.
4.5 : I was hesitant to take this class but I'm so glad I did! Martin LOVES dinosaurs. I sat near the front so I could see how her face lit up.  Grades are based on Top Hat (clicker) questions, online quizzes, and the midterm and final. I recommend if you are interested in dinosaurs or need easy NW credits. Sometimes she brings her dinosaur toys :)
5.0 : Crazy fun class. 2 credits 2 one hours lectures per week. She makes learning about dinos fun and humorous. I was surprised by how much i learned just by going to lecture. Take this class if you want a fun, educational, easy filler class, i guarantee you will not be disappointed.
5.0 : I LOVE PROFESSOR RUTH! She's the best!
4.5 : Awesome professor who really shows her passion for Dinosaurs. I've always loved dinos as a kid (and still do), so this was a breath of fresh air from all the classes I've taken! Her lectures are interesting and easy to follow, and the midterm was very easy. The use of TopHat this quarter was mostly good; interactive, but sometimes glitchy.
5.0 : She was a great professor. It seemed like she cared about the material and knew what she was talking about. It is pretty easy, there are Tophat quizzes though so you would need to go to class.
5.0 : Surprisingly enjoyed this class a lot. Prof Martin was funny and passionate, and makes learning about dinosaurs fun. Class has weekly quizzes online, one midterm, and one final. Overall, a good 2-credit class that you should take.
4.5 : There's a quiz every week and they're open note so they're all super easy.  The midterm was multiple choice and straight from the quizzes.  The final was a little more tough because people did so well on the midterm, but still multiple choice and pretty easy.  You don't need to put a lot of effort into this class and you almost never use the book
2.0 : Very very dull lectures. She makes you buy a tophat subscription for questions that you could've just used clickers for. Don't buy the book. Quizes every week; some of them take a bit of time. If you are desperate for 2 credits take this course.
2.5 : Not as easy as expected. She told us some things wrong, otherwise online quizzes would have been easy. Midterm was easy. Even with the extra credit, the final was difficult enough to bump me down from a 4.0.  I studied a significant amount but the final had overly specific questions that I wouldn't have remembered no matter how much more I studied.
5.0 : Much harder than I anticipated. So much so that I switched to a S/NS grading before the cutoff. Lots of very specific memorization needed - did pretty terribly on both the midterm and final but did fine on quizzes and thank god for extra credit. The class was still fun to take and I'm glad I did. Just don't expect it to be an "easy A."
4.5 : Very easy class. Didn't go to class all that much. The midterm and final are all multiple choice, straight out of quizzes or lectures. I studied for them the night before and only missed a few questions on each. Textbook isn't really necessary. Just go over the lectures and you'll do fine.
4.5 : Don't buy the book. Go to class and get quiz points. Questions for weekly online quizzes taken directly from slides, and questions on midterm taken directly from online quizzes. ALTHOUGH the curve really screwed me over. Had over 100% before the final, but ended with a 3.7, even though I only missed a few points on the final.
4.0 : If you go to lecture the class is a breeze, if you completely disregard the class and rely heavily on the textbook, you'll pass fine as well. BUT highly recommend just sitting through her long lectures and take good notes in order to succeed in this class. No clickers but used TOP HAT APP.
4.0 : I really liked Carries class. Carrie is a really nice person who you can tell is very passionate about her course teachings. Only thing is while it was fun to take a 'field trip' to the Seattle Campus, I didn't think the trek out there added much to the course teachings. Overall, I really did enjoy the class and the professor.
4.5 : Loved her!
5.0 : By far one of the best professors at UWT. She doesn't stick to the plain and simple slideshow presentation throughout the class and instead encourages students to really engage in conversations and discussions. She is very understanding and offers students help with writing etc throughout the quarter. Excited to take another class of hers!
4.5 : Tanya is by far the best teacher I've had at UWT! She brings excitement back into education and is very passionate about her classes. I've had her twice so far and am planning on taking another class with her next quarter. Her expectations are fairly simple and easy to achieve if you attend class and pay attention to the lectures. She's super sweet
5.0 : Tanya's class was amazing and wonderful. I learned so much about race and ethnicity in the United States. The way she lectures and makes everyone feel comfortable is truly one of kind. she understood the sensitivity of the subject and made sure everyone felt comfortable to contribute.
5.0 : I took this class awhile ago but still think about everything I learned. I apply the ideas we discussed all the time in other classes so I thought it was worth posting here.
5.0 : Super nice, funny and pretty cool
4.5 : She is a wonderful discussion facilitator , which makes for intelligent and helpful class discussion. She is very respectful of student's ideas, and is conscious of differing opinions and beliefs in the context of the material (Diversity and Social Justice). She gives good feedback for essays, and aims for helping students succeed, not just pass.
5.0 : I recommend any class with Tanya Velasquez. She makes sure that you understand what she is teaching. Yes, there are a ton of readings and they are hard to keep up with, however the readings all pertain to the lesson she is teaching. I do believe that the readings do help you get a better understanding of the lesson. highly recommend her!
4.0 : Hardest class I've ever taken. Needed an elective. Lots of reading that has nothing to do with my major. If you're not into social sciences, be warned. The professor is cool. Seems to be supportive. But it's an upper level class so you better be ready to participate.
4.0 : Interesting topic. She knows her stuff. The tests are all in class so you have to memorize a lot. Be prepared to read and do class presentations. There's a final paper too. Not easy for a 200 level course but she gives a study guide.
5.0 : Probably one of the best professors at the U.W Tacoma campus. Really helpful, friendly, and KNOWLEDGEABLE. She knows her stuff! Really engaging, thoughtful, and approachable. Her readings are very interesting. Try to read articles posted on Canvas (very insightful &amp; important).
5.0 : Tanya is awesome.  The only two things I can complain are she grades very slow, and the readings are heavy.
5.0 : Have also taken TSOC 434. Tanya is a great, involved professor who cares about your learning. Her classes will change the way you think about the world around you.
5.0 : She is willing to help you no matter how little you know, confused, or lost in readings or discussion. Depending who are in your classthe discussion can be stired differently.
4.0 : Professor Velasquez was the best teacher I had at UWT. I wish I knew about her classes sooner so I could have taken more. Even though the course was really hard and there was tons of reading, she made me want to participate. All the extra effort was worth it. She's really patient and does a great job explaining things.
5.0 : I am so fortunate to have had Tanya's classes.  The material she uses is excellent.  Her story and lectures engaging. class participation mind opening, and her flexibility to meet the student needs and create an environment that is safe and challenging is remarkable.  Take any of her classes.  You won't regret it.
5.0 : best. professor. seriously. i've never had a professor who was able to better facilitate thoughtful, engaging discussions about challenging subjects. she was also very accommodating &amp; approachable. if you can take a class from her, i highly suggest it.
4.5 : Tanya is wonderful. She understands students and actually listens to everyone's opinions and ideas. Her passion over the subject is very obvious, which is very inspiring.
5.0 : Tanya is quite simply the best professor I have ever had. She is passionate about what she teaches and is more than willing to help her students. She is incredibly knowledgeable and wants to see her students succeed. The subjects she teaches can be challenging for some, but she is incredible at monitoring the discussion.  You MUST take her class.
5.0 : Extremely knowledgable on the subjects she teaches. Lots of reading and writing but that is expected, you need to know your stuff for her class. Loved the course.
5.0 : Prof. Tanya Velasquez was just amazing. she inspired to study sociology further. everyone in the class liked and respected her. her class is really easy and fun. she understands if you have any troubles or you cant make it to class. I didn't participate in class discussion at first but a few weeks in to the class and i was participating. I Love her
5.0 : Amazing teacher. I have never had a teacher better than her. The class was interesting and taught me a lot.
5.0 : Tanya is by far the best instructor I've taken.  She is down to earth and relatable which goes a long way with students.  She is very knowledgeable, caring and will help the best she can.  I highly recommend taking her, you won't be disappointed.  She is the best!
5.0 : Best Professor I've ever taken, hands down.  Wants to make sure you understand and really knows how to facilitate class discussions well.  Highly recommended!
5.0 : This class was the BEST class I have taken at college. Tanya is so knowledgeable about this subject and really tries to get her students to that point by the end of the quarter. No essays and a few small assignments here and there. Gives study guides for midterm and final. Very willing to work with student in regards to grades, tests &amp; assignments.
5.0 : Shes amazing!
5.0 : Tanya is the first professor I have taken that actually made me want to change my major. Unfortunately, I'm a senior with only one quarter left. She is a great professor and REALLY knows her stuff! Incredibly intelligent and speaks so eloquently. You will try to repeat what you learned to people and it will not sound quite as well. Take her!
4.5 : Her lectures were GREAT! She is a really great professor! I did not learn a lot of new information, but the class was great! If you go to her office hours and ask questions, she will answer all of them!
5.0 : Really good class with lots to learn, hard tests but if you pay attention you will do well. Really rely on your TA for help.
3.5 : Professor Thorpe is genuinely nice and seems to have a real interest in the topics she lectures about, but the information level is pretty low. I knew 75% of the stuff from a high school government class and the rest was covered with great detail in quiz section.  Go to lecture if you wan't to watch a "Daily Show" clip everyday, but ppts are online
3.5 : Honestly was terrified going into my first quarter at UW, this class changed my mind. Pretty easy, minimal essays and tests. For the two or three tests she gives you clear cut study guides, literally lists the test questions. Would take another class with her in a heartbeat!!!
4.0 : Thorpe is great! She knows what she is talking about and is great at explaining things. She does sometimes ramble about the same thing for too long, but that's not really a bad thing. You don't have to go to lecture, but you should. Sure, she puts her slides online, but those are mostly skeleton notes. Great Professor overall.
5.0 : She is great.
4.5 : Great prof
1.0 : In the wake of the 2016 election, I was eager to register for this course and thus hear a variety of political standpoints. Unfortunately, the overwhelming majority of readings assigned are liberal. Do not expect the conservative viewpoint to be represented much in this course - except as the liberal standpoint argues it should be portrayed.
4.5 : I've taken two of Professor Thorpe's classes. Both were terrific. Although she posts the lecture slides online, they're more of an outline. The readings are kinda essential. She will stress which readings are more important. It's only a lot of reading if you do it. Anyway, great professor, would take again.
3.0 : Not my favorite professor. Very talkative and will hold you till the end of class despite not having much else to say. If she's your only option for 202, take her- she's not horrible. She's just not my favorite.
4.0 : Thorpe does a really great job of explaining things! Her class is designed so that you don't need to have any prior knowledge about how the American political system operates. I didn't really like going to her for office hours though - she didn't seem too concerned about whether or not I learned, but her tests were straightforward and easy to pass!
3.5 : I thoroughly enjoyed the course material as well as the way Prof. Thorpe presented it. She has some difficulty with clarity in lectures, as she stumbles over her own words quite often, but when I sat down with her in office hours, she was clear, helpful, and open to any and all suggestions.
4.5 : Loooooove Professor Thorpe. Her lecture's super fun and she's just passionate about what she's teaching. However, a little tip for international students - DONT TAKE POL S 202. It is just HARRRD.
5.0 : Amazing. Class was tough and required a lot of critical thinking, but Professor Thorpe is so thoughtful in the way she talks about the material. It took me a little bit to get used to her style, but really an amazing class. She is very helpful and wants her students to succeed.
1.0 : I was really excited to take this class, especially with the Presidential elections happening. She was unbelievably biased in what she taught and only presented one side of each argument. Instead of actually teaching she played satirist videos all class. I was very disappointed in her ability to speak clearly which made lectures hard to listen to.
4.5 : She's an awesome professor! The only thing is you have to go to lecture to do well, because she goes in depth with what parts of the readings will be emphasized on the exam. She explains the readings prior to assigning them so going to lecture is necessary she's super helpful if you seek out questions! Would not recommend to international students.
2.5 : Professor Thorpe is terrible at lecturing. My TA kept the class interesting for me. Fairly easy to get an A if you study for tests. Try to take the class from a different professor. Thorpe mainly shows Daily Show or Last Week Tonight videos.
4.5 : As long as you do the readings and come to class the course is pretty easy, she shows a lot of clips from john oliver and john stewart which make the class more interesting and lively
4.0 : Knows what he's talking about, likes to talk about it.
5.0 : My favorite professor so far, the man is incredibly clever, and the breadth and depth of his knowledge is truly impressive. He seems exceptionally talented, and demands discipline and enthusiasm for the subject inside and outside of the classroom. If you're interested in the subject, take him, and if not, take him anyway.
5.0 : Izzy is awesome! She gives really clear and helpful explanations in class. She told us the first day of lecture that we didn't need to read the textbook, never read it once and did a whole deviation above average. If you put the time in studying for exams and quizzes it isn't hard at all to get a good grade.
5.0 : Izzy is easily the best professor I have had at UW. She is extremely organized, candid in her lectures, &amp; takes the time to get to know her students, especially in smaller classes. She's the kind of person that you're like, "yeah, I want to be exactly like her when I grow up."
5.0 : I absolutely loved Izzie. She's an amazing professor and definitely cares about how you do in the class. There's help if you need it and she's very good at explaining things if you don't understand it the first time. The class itself isn't too difficult if you put in the work.
5.0 : Don't need to read the book; tries to get to know her students; passionate about accounting; clear &amp; concise lectures made financial accounting super easy and exams are like practice problems in class (no surprises)
4.5 : Very accomplished young lady&amp;talented lecturer- UW is lucky to have her.  Gives great example problems in class that are very relate-able. Final was tough, but that kind of goes without saying. Just go to class&amp;do the homework. Really take advantage of her office hours, she is SO helpful. If you have to take ACCTG 215 take it with her.
5.0 : Izzy is the best professor I've had to this date. She truly cares about her students and wants them to succeed. This subject is not breezy, however, as she expects thorough and precise work. She is an honest and transparent professor; there are no surprises when it comes to exams or quizzes. I am looking forward to taking another course from her.
5.0 : She is an awesome teacher! She's very kind and sweet. She's a great lecture and great at explaining things but sometimes goes too fast. However, she really cares about her students and her teaching style is excellent. We do many practice problems during class which are very helpful. Her exams are straightforward as long as you studied.
5.0 : Izzy is by far the sweetest professor I've ever had. Her tests are challenging, but her lectures are straightforward and she gives great examples.
4.0 : Izzy is one of the best professors I have ever had. She is really upbeat and truly cares about her students. Her lectures are very straightforward with lots of example problems. It's not the easiest class but she is always eager to help out during her office hours. I highly recommend taking 215 with Izzy, although her classes fill up fast!
4.5 : Decent prof, just be ready for long lectures with lots of reading to top.
5.0 : Great professor for one of the harder business prereqs.  10/10 would recommend taking 215 with her!
5.0 : One of the best professors. Very caring and funny. Impossible to sleep at her class even if it's at 8:30
4.5 : Her lectures are very helpful, which means you need to attend class in order to do well. She is very practical. Exams are challenging, but not impossible. Would recommend this teacher!
5.0 : I cannot say enough good things about Izzy. She was an AMAZING professor and even though the class is hard, the workload is very doable. The TAs were also very helpful. The way this class is structured/organized was something I really liked. If you have the chance, you have to take a class w/ her!
4.5 : This was Izzy's first 215 class and I think it went really well. Lectures are organised and she is clear and concise, tests could be tough, but she won't test you on anything out of context. Great class, take it.
4.0 : Accounting 215 is a tough class, but Izzy makes the concepts far easier to understand and interesting. She does a great job explaining during lectures, and these lectures are key to success in the class. If you are taking 215, take it from Izzy.
5.0 : Her lectures are great and they cover everything in the class. I didn't even buy the textbook. 3 quizzes, 3 tests and homework. Lowest quiz can be dropped by doing an writing assignment. This class is curved.
5.0 : Best business professor I have had at UW, lecture is very clear and has a lot of practice problems.
4.5 : Izzy is sweet, practical, and keeps it real real, which makes the class run smoothly. Everything you need to know is covered in lecture. You'll never get tested on anything you don't cover in class; if you don't skip class and study the lecture notes you'll be fine. She's also very open &amp; available for (extra) office hours! Overall awesome prof.
5.0 : You will be extremely lucky if you get Ms. Weber for ACCTG 215. Her lectures encompass everything you need to know on the quizzes and exams. Go over her exam study guides and quiz review sheets and you will be golden. She pays extreme attention to tiny details though, so be sure to look over all the things she has talked about and check your work.
5.0 : She was by far the best lecturer I had at UW. She is very clear about what she expects and is very enthusiastic about it. Go to her lectures, because all her tests are based off her lectures and homework. She's very helpful during office hours. I would take a class with her again if I could.
5.0 : Izzy is by far the best professor I have had (and probably will have) at UW. She is relatable, extremely accessible during office hours, and overall awesome. She gives great examples during lecture. I didn't use the textbook once but her lecture slides are super helpful. Best way to ace the class: study the slides &amp; do the practice exams!
5.0 : Izzy is a great lecturer.  Gives great examples and lectures were always clear and concise.  Don't skip class -- this is a class that you need to attend in order to get a good grade.  Tests are fine if you are well-prepared, watch out for her final though... extremely difficult.
5.0 : Thorough, well prepared for class every day, and used class time effectively to explain a tough subject.  Read the material before class, pay attention in lecture and stay on top of homework and you will understand the material well. She provides a lot of notes/problems to help stay organized.  Would def take this class again.  Great Professor.
4.0 : I took ACCTG 215 in summer quarter and was fortunate enough to get Izzy as both my lecturer and TA. Although accounting isn't the most fun topic, she did a great job of breaking every step down and the book follows suit. I barely read the textbook and still understood it all just from lectures, so go to lectures, it's not bad. Definitely recommend.
5.0 : Izzy is awesome! she is super easy to relate to and she gets to the point in all her lectures! Take her for tax if at all possible.
3.0 : Izzy is really kind and likable, probably the best choice for 215. That being said, this class is incredibly difficult and her tests aren't very similar to practice tests, or the online homework, which makes it hard to "beat the curve". She is super willing to help during office hours, but I still put way more effort in than my grade reflects. :/
5.0 : Izzy is awesome! Take her class if you get the chance! You don't have to read the book because she goes everything during the lectures and the homework isn't necessary as she gives sufficient examples in class.
5.0 : She's super sweet, one of the only professors I know that talks  to her students before class just to get to know them
5.0 : Izzy is by far the best professor I have had here and has made ACCTG 215 very enjoyable. Izzy has her lecture slides online that you can print &amp; bring to class-- very helpful. Lots of examples. Has practice quizzes and problems for each quiz/exam. 3 quizzes, 3 exams and can drop lowest quiz with a writing assignment. Take 215 with Izzy!
5.0 : Izzy is amazing. She makes the lectures enjoyable, even for non majors. I suggest you print out her lectures ahead of time and follow along in class. Go to the lectures and quiz sections!!!!! Exams aren't cumulative so that's really nice! The questions on the exams/quizzes are tricky so read them thoroughly.
5.0 : AMAZING. Simply amazing. She is passionate, kind, and clear cut. Go to lecture and print the slides and you will pass the class. If you need to take Accounting 215, this is who you take it with. She is awesome.
5.0 : Izzy is amazing! Really, shes the cutest thing in Foster and possibly UW.  Lectures are very straight forward, but attendance is necessary to be successful in her class. Youll want to be there though, she's funny and makes tax enjoyable. Just study her notes and you'll be good. Great class, really got me considering tax as a profession.
4.0 : She was great and easy to understand ! I had a difficult time in the class because I have never taken a business class before but I think it was doable if you click with acctg. Grade is mostly based off quizzes (25%) and exams (70%).
5.0 : Izzy is the best professor I've had at UW by a long shot. She explains the material clearly and concisely. Lectures are definitely important to attend because you wont understand a lot of the material on your own, but don't worry she tries to make them interesting. I'll definitely miss her next year! And don't buy the book you don't need it at all
5.0 : Izzy is by far the best professor I've had at UW. She's so caring and such a great lecturer!! She's also extremely helpful during office hours so go!!!!!! Definitely not the easiest class, but she made me get really interested in accounting
5.0 : Izzy is amazing. I hate accounting but she makes is so clear and somehow interesting. If you go to every class and pay attention you honestly don't need to even crack open the textbook. Expect to work more for this class than you'd think. Also high in demand so if you want her class, don't wait to sign up.
3.5 : Don't take this class if you want an easy A pol sci class. If you're already stick with this class here are tips: Don't do news, just listen in class. Take verbatim notes. Regurgitate those notes on the test. Answer the question, don't go on to other useless things. Make a friend to split up the readings. BORING CLASS THOUGH.
5.0 : Highly recommend taking the class for content purposes. Though I took the course over a year ago, I still reference the lecture and readings for homework and essays to help myself in other classes, and I am not a poli-sci major. This class should be mandatory at UW.
4.5 : FAVORITE professor! He is young and vibrant and cares a lot about what he is teaching. The class is so interesting and is the reason why I am choosing to study political science. You have to go to lecture if you want to do well, but he cracks jokes in class and lectures always feel shorter than they are. Definitely recommend this class to everyone!
4.5 : FAVORITE class taken so far at UW, great professor who explicitly teaches everything you need to know for tests. If you go to lectures, take verbatim notes, do the readings, and participate in quiz sections you will do great! Andrew is a super cool guy.
2.5 : Andrew is super close minded and thinks he's right about everything. It was super disappointing because the class could have been really fun and a lot more interesting. His TA's didn't always agree with what he did and where super nice and helpful. Definitely one of the tougher classes I've taken here at UW.
5.0 : favorite teacher ever
5.0 : While Psychology of International Conflict was a difficult course, it was ultimately one in which you learn a lot. There is a lot of reading, but if you keep up with it and show up to class and participate in discussions, you should be set up to earn a good grade. Overall, not easy, but you do learn a lot, and Professor Cockrell does a great job.
2.5 : I would love this class more but the study guides for the exams are basically useless gambles. Wish there was more opportunities to gain points outside of exams .
4.5 : I started off failing this class but by the end of the quarter I passed. Andrew is always willing to help you succeed as long as you are willing to try. The class is hard but your best bet is to use the reading questions and lecture outlines or else you wont pass the exams.
4.5 : Andrew's lectures are absolutely amazing - he's hilarious, and they always seem shorter than they actually are. He's incredibly clear about how everything's graded, and it genuinely seemed like he wanted to get to know his students. Also, the class is easy if you just memorize everything and regurgitate everything on the exam.
5.0 : I took two classes from Professor Cockrell and they were the best I have taken at LMU. He truly cares about students and what he is teaching!
3.0 : Prof Cockrell is very caring and is willing to help when you need it. However, he is very strict about what is required (attendance, office hours, etc) for his help, and this course is extremely time-consuming. I find it hard to succeed in this class even with his help due to the nature of the course, syllabus, and difficult material. DON'T TAKE.
3.0 : Professor Cockrell is extremely knowledgeable in his field. However, he is a tough grader and his class revolves only around 3 major tests. There are extensive readings to complete after class, too. It's also not recommended to skip class because you'll miss a lot of new information. He is good-looking, though. Proceed with caution.
5.0 : Amazing professor and so helpful. Not an easy class but honestly do the homework and you will be fine
5.0 : I had Prof. Cockrell for Intro to IR at LMU and he was absolutely amazing. This is a pretty tough course but he gave great lectures and was always helpful. I would recommend going to office hours to discuss readings and really try to do the reading questions. He was so sweet and super understanding on both an academic and personal level.
5.0 : I loved his social psych class.  I never left class feeling bored and thinking that I didn't learn anything.  No textbooks, all readings online pdfs.  Most of the exam content is from slides, which are posted online.  If I had one knock - usually came to class a little late.
4.0 : I thought Blaine did a great job of organizing and coordinating our course every week, which is on-line.  His knowledge and sense of humor were nice additions.  I do wish there were more short lab assignments instead of three long ones and a final.
5.0 : Really easygoing.  Always funny and has something really interesting to say about social psychology every class.
5.0 : Would take again.  I'm an engineer by day and an aspiring data scientists by night, and I learned a lot from this class.  He's friendly, nice, and approachable too.  I can't say enough.
4.0 : The class  lecture (a lot of lecture).  But I learned a lot. For a Tisch student, this was a good intro to the world of social psychology.
5.0 : She was a great teacher and extremely passionate. Left her whole class inspired to change racial health disparities in the United States.
4.5 : Great TA!
5.0 : Hands down THE best professor I have had at UW. I am slightly biased on the content itself because i really enjoy genetics, but it is a class that makes you work hard to understand the content in order to get a good grade. Raghu also works just as hard to make sure everyone understands concepts and is available WHENEVER you need extra help.
5.0 : Truly one of the best classes and professors at UW. Raghu cares more about his students and learning than I've seen from any other science professor in my 4 years at UW. Really challenging class, but worth it. You will come out of the class with a true understanding of genetics, not just memorization that fades away. This is what I pay for at UW.
5.0 : Very hard class, but top notch professor. Gives you literally everything you may need to study. If you're not into logic or thinking and only into superficial pure memorization, either this class is NOT for you or you need to study REALLY hard. I'm not going to do well in this class but Raghu's one of the best profs I've had, no doubt about it.
5.0 : He attends every quiz section to answer questions. He keeps all lectures and review sessions online.  His tests are heavily based on logic - not memorization. The subject material is awesome.  The quiz sections are not mandatory, but are important. They discuss the "what if" scenarios, which are vital to doing well on the tests.
4.0 : Tarna is an awesome instructor.  She can be very intimidating until you get to know her.  Studying is a must, participation almost always, lectures are never boring and full of information.  Many of her stories relate to what we are learning and are great real life examples that we could encounter.
5.0 : Best professor I have ever had. Tarna is more than willing to help students any time they need it, and does not believe in stupid questions (I do however). Her exams are straightforward and typically she allows use of book/notes/pp, but still hard! She genuinely cares about her students. Plus she has awesome stories EVERYDAY.
4.0 : I was scared of taking this class because of all the reviews people gave before me. She is not a hard grader. In fact I think she went easy on me. Do the work and participate and she will notice. Keep communicating with her. As for the test, makes sure to read the chapters she assigns and highlight the key words of every chapter.
2.0 : I found it extremely difficult to connect with this professor. While the subject matter is interesting, I did not feel welcomed to participate. Be sure to study hard for exams, as they are challenging . Pay attention to the grading rubric, and do your best to adhere to her guidelines.  Although she is not my favorite, she has experience to offer.
5.0 : She makes learning about law enforcement very interesting. There are a lot of discussions b/c she prefers students to talk more than she lectures. Hybrid class, online assessments, 2 short papers, guest speakers, many extra credit opportunities. It's an easy A. She's always accessible through email and canvas. She talks quiet so sit up front!
5.0 : Tarna made me want to minor in Criminal Justice! Her lectures are very interesting, and she will slow down if needed. She gives great feedback on the two major essays. Exams will probably be one of the toughest you will have, look for key words in her exam. All in all, a great class to take! I'd take all of her classes if I was able to!
3.0 : An interesting lecturer and definitely knows her stuff, but she is a very tough grader when it comes to sentence structure and grammar. She will correct your essay to a completely different sentence or word choice which in my opinion takes the individuality and creativity out of writing.
3.0 : The class was good. A bit writing intensive. Just follow instructions and youre good.
5.0 : Tarna is clear on expectations and well organized. Case assignments are covered in class and clearly based on lecture materials. Assessments are online and almost entirely from the book. Most of all, the class is very interesting even if you aren't a criminal justice major. Tarna herself is very knowledgeable, I admire her a lot.
4.0 : Love this class and the teacher! Classes are long but well worth it; great lectures, activities, group work, and assignments. This is the first time she has taught the Criminal Justice class so it is a little unorganized because she is getting the feel for it so I'm sure next quarter will be better as far as clarity goes. I would recommend taking.
4.0 : Some of the most interesting lectures because she gives you real life examples.  Variety of teaching methods which makes class far from boring (lectures, videos, ppt. case examples, critical thinking case problems, discussion boards),  Do not expect an easy pass, this is not how she operates. Willing to help.  Grading delayed
5.0 : Linda is one of the best teachers in UW English department. She's very knowledgeable and incredibly engaged in every class she has well-prepared for. She's nice enough to do evaluations for you before you submit the portfolio, so if you study and work enough with her, there's no reason of not getting a 4.0 in this class.
5.0 : This is one of my favorite professors at UW. Linda is always there to help you get better at writing. She is very cheerful and helps you develop your ideas into writing with no negative criticism at all. Her class topic was Pop culture, so it was very easy to relate to for most people. If you could take anyone for ENG 131, take her! Easy A too!
5.0 : Linda is one of the most helpful teachers I have had at UW. She is always open to listening to your ideas and creates a fun class environment. If you put in the effort she is willing to help you out!
5.0 : Linda was one of the best professors I have ever had. If you go to class and show that you care about improving you'll do very well in the class. Easy 4.0 and I would take another class with her again if I could. Best professor to take ENG 131 with. Class was on pop culture so it was fun to write about
4.5 : Linda was an exceptional teacher. She made class interesting and understandable. Some assignments were a bit harder to understand, but she worked with each student to get the best possible paper from each of them. I HIGHLY recommend her (an additional positive note is you really do not need the textbook for her class).
5.0 : Her class was really fun and easy. And she was being very helpful on explaining the material and how to construct my paper. Like her a lot!!!
5.0 : Professor Zygutis is probably the best professor I've had in all my years at ASU. Im taking her online class and if you do your homework the way she tells you then its an easy A. Ive gotten 100% on all the assignments so far and Im an average student! Love her and she responds fast if you need any feedback or help!
5.0 : She is my favorite teacher, I have her at ASU and she is so helpful and will work with you on things. We have three major things that we have to do but there is in class time to work on it and peer grading scheduled into the class. She is very understanding and easy going.
5.0 : Zygutis is one of the best professors I have ever had! She is so caring and so nice. She tells you not to get stressed ever because of her class, and she will help you with your work ALWAYS! She is overall fun to be in class with. I would take her 1000x more times if I could. She grades tough, but its because she cares. Her class is not hard at ALL
5.0 : Linda is an AMAZING teacher! She's the coolest best english teacher I ever had. I never ever like English.. ever, but she changes it all! She is very knowledgeable and very very helpful in her office hours! Her lectures are amazingly fun. Some assignments are hard, but she is always there for you. I highly reccomend her
5.0 : Awesome professor! Kind, caring, funny, clear, and informative! Every piece of her class is like a narrative that builds into a final theme/idea/conclusion. Nothing seems out of place, and she makes it all more interesting than I thought possible. Grading criteria is crystal clear, and students are prepared for all assignments. Take her classes!
4.0 : Great teacher!
5.0 : Thea Drescher is an amazing professor.  Participation is very important.
3.0 : Great job, she shows a remarkable ability to adapt to student needs and is very reflective of her process.  I would take her class again.
3.5 : She is wonderful! Very funny and helpful and also very easy. I did very minimal reading and was fine because her in-class time is used so well. Definitely one of my favorite professors in the social welfare program!
5.0 : Fun sense of humor and she loves obviously loves teaching. I am excited to have her again in the spring for practice. The human behavior class was very intriguing and I loved it.
5.0 : He's nice and willing to help you out. He's also hot which kinda help during class
4.0 : He is clear on his lectures and grading but his style of teaching is kinda artsy fyi
5.0 : As soon as the quarter started it quickly became my favorite class period. Atkins is a fabulous teacher and really knowledgeable. He's also pretty funny.  He does not appreciate late or absent students, as he called attendance nearly everyday this quarter. So show up and read the book. Read it once and you'll be fine. Then light review for exams.
5.0 : I gained an appreciation for Japanese literature after taking this class. Prof. Atkins' enthusiasm was contagious and really demonstrated his love for what he taught. As long as you come to class and participate in discussion, you will do fine. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Professor Atkins is a great teacher! His lectures are engaging and his PowerPoints are very clear. This quickly became my favorite class of the term! Your grade is mostly made up of three or four exams(with study guides) and participationattendance.  If you read the text and review before the exams, you will do fine. Would take his class again!
4.5 : Atkins is very knowledgable but he is a self-admitted medievalist. You can tell his expertise in certain areas of the very broad swath of Japanese literature from around 600-1850, is hazier than others. His specialty is from around 1300-1580. Is very nice but does seem to want to be taken seriously even though the class isn't very difficult .
1.0 : COLD
5.0 : Amazing guy. If you can take his class or even just get to know him, do it. He's an incredible wealth of knowledge if you're actually interested in the subjects. He's clear about everything he knows and identifies what he doesn't. He encourages discussion and you can tell he loves what he teaches. The homework was moderate reading and analyzing.
5.0 : Cynthia is an amazing teacher. I heard people in the class complain about how much reading you have to do for homework, 2 times a week you read an article and answer about 10 questions on it, but it's a 400 level class so it's not as bad I expected it to be. She's very helpful and wants you to succeed, very energetic also and keeps you engaged
5.0 : Professor Howson, is such an amazing professor. She is well prepared to answer any questions you ask. Connects with students , really accurate with her grading . And accessible to help at any time . Lovely conversation with students, so active and keeps a safe and positive environment. I recommend taking this class.
3.0 : Cynthia is an awesome teacher but I did not get anything out of this class. What I learned in this class was based off my own research or other students presentations. Ask her a question once, and she'll confuse you even more. You have to keep asking her the same question to get a clear answer. But at least she helps!
4.0 : Cynthia is a wonderful teacher. She really loves her students and her subject. She is very supportive and very helpful. No lectures, class is basically based on your own research. I feel like I learned a lot about what I was interested in!
5.0 : Wonderful and kind professor! Pretty easy class no exam. Graded HW, debate, presentations, research papers.. She brought us cookies and pizza in class(:
5.0 : This class is perfect for you if you are a feminist because that is what the majority of the students in this class were.   She is a wonderful teacher, and is very good at remaining unbiased. Her grading is a little weird. A lot of times it seems like she would give completely arbitrary grades. We even got graded on how much we posted on Facebook.
4.0 : She doesn't give ANY quizzes, midterms or finals but do expect for that to be made up for in homework. The readings are a tad heavy and there is a lot of reading questions involved per reading but I would take that I heart beat over a quiz in this class! She is so so willing to help. You can text her or call her anytime.
3.0 : Cynthia was awesome, her directions weren't that clear, andor confusing but she was very helpful in making sure we understand. There was no lectures, no mid terms, final exams and really most of the learning is from the readings she assigned and research from other students or your own.
5.0 : She was an awesome professor, and I wouldn't mind taking her class again. We didn't have any quizzes or test, but we did have daily reading homework assignments and those were easy so there wasn't much to worry about. Her feedbacks are quite detailed and specific, very helpful! I recommend her! :)
4.0 : Ms. Howson's style of teaching can be a little blunt and takes some getting used to. Once you do, though, it becomes very easy to get into the material.  Group assignments are pretty fun and not that stressful, but get ready to do lots of in-depth writing for this course especially.  Some readings may get a bit complex.  A great teacher overall.
2.5 : Super confusing teacher. Very intelligent, but her directions are scattered and messy. Lots of reading, but no tests or quizzes. Really nice, but wouldn't reccomend her class or take it again.
4.5 : She's awesome, it's a comfortable environment to really discuss interesting topics. I would take this class again in a heartbeat. She lets the students have her number and you can text her at any time and she will respond very quickly,
4.0 : Cynthia is a bubbly and interesting teacher. She really cares about student success. Kind of a lot of difficult reading (with homework attached) but it's always talked about the next day if you don't understand it. You get points for attendance. Really liked her class!
4.5 : A relax class. Groups projects r fun. She is willing to email you back with answers until you understand. Reading assignmentshomework is to help you learn about women in global economy.  Essay paper due at the end of quarter is quite fun to write if you like your topic.  class was quite fun depending on the people. No textbook required.
4.5 : You can tell she is passionate about psychology which is why she makes the class more fun and interesting. If you do well in the midterms, you don't have to take the final
5.0 : Great teacher, possibly my favorite yet at UW. His classes were hilarious and his explanations couldn't have been more clear. Would highly recommend taking any of his classes.
5.0 : he made this class much much more enjoyable and interesting than it should have been. super talented in communicating mathematical reasoning to students. hard class in general, but his midterm and final exam's are fair if you truly worked hard. wish he taught 327/328. good lookin guy too, my rating 10/10
5.0 : Great teacher! clear explanations, you can tell he really loves what he is doing, great to talk to after class! Just take his class!
5.0 : Super nice guy. Explanations were always clear and concise. You can tell he def. knows his stuff. You can always find help at his OH. Class is entertaining and really does help. Be warned: His tests are hard.
5.0 : Jane is so legit-- she is so kind and really works to meet you where you are at. But she also recognizes when people try to take advantage of that. She is super flexible and open to talking to you about grades and deadlines-- but you have to showher that you have earned that right. I love her and recommend her to everyone. I learned so much!
5.0 : Perhaps the best professor I've ever had. She is amazing, understanding, and totally accommodating to student needs.
4.0 : Lots of reading (2 books this quarter,  80ish pages altogether average), and will definitely challenge your answers to exercises. Is trying to help you grow, and is really understanding about life events, etc. A little out-dated on how to be a social worker and mixing professionalpersonal connection. But not bad overall.
5.0 : Professor Ackerman is one of the best Professor at UW Tacoma She a strong, out going and easy to understand, (not boring like some professor at UW Tacoma.
5.0 : Professor Ackerman accommodates for all learning styles when it comes to her students; she truly is a great fit for the social justice oriented program at UW Tacoma. Her warmth, passion and intellect is just what the program needs.
5.0 : She is the best teacher I have ever taken. This class is very interesting and you learn about adult corrections, she is very easy at grading and always gives you feedback. Always there to help you. We had couple of quizzes and one main building prison project.
4.5 : Very knowledgable teacher, extremely passionate about what she is teaching, easily approachable.  Will take any of her classes in the future.
5.0 : She is one of the best teacher at UW Tacoma, she is very easy going. She has lot of experience and knowledge in this field. She always knows what she is talking about and gives good real life examples. I would say defiantly take this class/Adult Corrections. Easy 4.O if you go to class and participate/no exams/no quizzes.
5.0 : Professor Ackerman is by far the best teacher at CSUF. Her teaching method is so effective. She is very open and willing to help you. She really cares and is reasonable. I ended up with a B. There is no final for this class, only a group project which you work on throughout the semester. She is simple and accommodating. Take her!
5.0 : Dr. Ackerman is an amazing teacher. She is so sweet and really cares about students. I took her at CSUF and she was amazing. I would take her every semester if I could. She makes it easy to understand and is very helpful! Shes teAchers her class in ways you can understand the material and if you dont she will keep teaching it until you get it.
4.5 : Allen is a well-dressed, non-accent, easy to talk to professor who is clear about what is expected of you. He moves at a good pace and does his best to make sure everyone understands. The class is based on mostly common sense but still is important to stay on top of things. But if you go to class and get the material you will do well in this class.
5.0 : He is extremely approachable and helpful. A generous portion of his test questions come straight from the homework. The exams and quizzes are very straightforward. Study the practice exams and slides and you will do well in the class. Reading the textbook is not necessary.
5.0 : Great instructor. Very enthusiastic and knowledgeable. 8 page paper on one song due at end of quarter, daily online discussions. no other homework. Easy so long as you do the work.
4.0 : Professor Berry is interesting and funny. History of rock and roll, is a literal walk from blues to modern music, as we have it now. participation equals to attendance and talking in class. Testing is pretty detailed but centered on materials covered in class, and a study guide is provided.
5.0 : I wish this professor taught more classes.  Very interesting topics and kept class engaged in discussions and assignments.
5.0 : Professor Berry is a great teacher, he genuinely enjoys his career and it shows in his class. I would highly recommend his classes. I took his History of Rap Culture course, he began the class by asking if the class would like a final or 3 smaller papers. We chose papers and they were not difficult. There were also a few 200-word discussions.
5.0 : Dr. Berry, It was really a pleasure meet him in this class. Let me tell you,  His class is funny, Smart, simple, smoothly, I always understand you and the theme,  and hi is so polite.  I love his personality.  Again I am glad to meet him.
5.0 : Easy and interesting class. Grads were based on a couple assignments, random :participation credit" and 3 papers that were pretty short. Grades very leniently and you learn some cool stuff
5.0 : Berry was an absolute blast! History of Rock was so easy and he made the material easy and informative. Get ready to read and listen to music, as the info in the book and playlists he posts WILL be on the tests and at random (4 tests and it will be broken up by decade groups). The final paper was fun, but be careful with over/under cite your source
5.0 : I took this class just to fill credits, but ended up enjoying it, and wanting to take another music class with Professor Berry. He is passionate and open to everyone's ideas. There is a good amount of reading, but as long as you show up and participate, you will 4.0 the class.
4.5 : Great teacher, highly recommended, very passionate, great lecturer, easy 4.0.
4.5 : I didn't know really anything about rap music aside from a slight interest in early 90's gangsta rap, but this class sure did illuminate a lot about it (and the music industry itself). Berry offers very good insights and doesn't have that 'professor versus student' mentality. Clear cut, easy to understand, and interesting material.
4.0 : Berry is nice and he has a wealth of knowledge about music. He is lenient for the most part, and isn't tough at grading at all. However if you do miss class, make sure to keep good communication with a classmate as his in-class assignments (not very many) are unplanned and some unmarked until the end of the quarter so u woldnt know if it existed
4.5 : Professor Zbaraschuk is amazing! Extremely funny, relatable to all students, pasionate about religion, and very understanding. Gives lectures in class everyday, does not post a powerpoint or notes online. Readings every night, but no homework. Easy quizzes, midterm, final, and final presentation. I recommend his class to everyone! It's an easy A!
5.0 : Little to no homework. LOTS of reading. Gives Exam questions that require thorough reading and understanding of the material, but gives questions the week before the test so you know exactly what to study. 10 pages paper end of quarter. This man Is an awesome teacher, very engaged and excited about teaching, was a pleasure to be his student.
5.0 : Very engaging professor with a good sense of humour in lectures. Always willing to explain and re-explain concepts until you get it. He has also written some interesting books if you're into geology.
4.5 : She's a great person and hands out outlines for your in class notes. You just have to be there and fill in the blanks. Her tests are based on the notes in class basically. I always thought I was pretty good at econ but only ended up with a 3.4. She curves to a 3.1
5.0 : Her explanations are very clear. Easy to understand. She's really helpful too. Great TA, probably better than a lot of the professors out there. The downside is that her MC questions in quizzes and tests are really tricky. Otherwise I would recommend everyone to take this class with her!
3.5 : Very involved class. Papers due each class based on assigned readings. You'll be exposed to many new concepts that will challenge your beliefs. Overall, good class but should take caution if your taking other challenging classes and/or work full time. Professor is great just not an "easy A."
4.5 : Don't leave UWB without it! Prof. Noble is super engaged in her field and will give you a totally new perspective on consciousness. This class is challenging and if you take good notes, do the hw, study for the test, go to class, you'll do well. The syllabus is the best I've seen as it includes the hw, and test dates at the start of the term.
5.0 : The consciousness classes are the most enjoyable, educational, and life changing classes I have taken! I loved every one of them and professor Noble is one of the best teachers I have ever had. The whole world would be a better and more open minded place if everyone took these classes. You will learn things you can apply to any aspect of life.
5.0 : Kate is one of the best Professors I've had. Her knowledge of consciousness is unparalleled. The courses I took with her are the only things I cherish from my time at UWB. I have become a far better student and person after taking these classes. It's not an easy class, you have to think, HARD. However, if you take the class seriously, it pays off.
5.0 : The most kicked back English teach on campus. Luckily, this does not take away from his amazing ability to talk to students about their understanding of the readings and give great feedback on each paper. So easy talk to and just an all-around funny guy. If you have never enjoyed English before, I promise Tony's class is one to try.
4.5 : First of all, his parties are a lot of fun! The course materials are pretty familiar if you've taken 300-levels, but Kato-sensei helps us apply those to daily life situations through role plays and presentations. Sign up for weekly office hours--it can improve your Japanese more than going to lectures!
4.5 : Hybrid class, Camille is a great teacher with a great grading scale! If you work hard, you will get a good grade! If you miss class, participation drops quickly. No pop quizzes thankfully. Great person and has amazing ice breakers!
4.5 : Professor Walsh is amazing. You would be an idiot not to take her class! She is a somewhat difficult grader but you will learn so much in her class! Totally worth it!!!!!
4.0 : Course was improperly titled- should have been "how all white men ever are evil" instead of US history since 1865. How can you teach a history course and not talk about any major war except how those wars were used to oppress African-Americans or women? She actually said "I'm not going to teach on WWII, just go watch the History Channel."
3.5 : Camille, at first, was quite intimidating. But as the quarter progresses on, I began to realize and learn how she teaches and her expectations. She grades SUPER tough on papers, but if you follow her feedback and the way she wants your paper to be written, you will do just fine. Class discussions were really helpful as well. You will learn a lot.
5.0 : Wonderful knowledgeable super helpful teacher. Really thought provoking conversations, and well rounded discussion on constitutional law.  For her higher level seminar class there is a 16-20 page paper. It is not hard to write but takes a lot of time to research, 40hrs + and its worth 50% of the grade. All in all a great class
3.5 : Very nice teacher, and passionate. Her lectures are a bit confusing, as they often don't follow her power-points very well, but if you take decent notes you can study and do reasonably well on tests. The group project is a BIG DEAL and she does a good job of setting the group up with a good start. She tends to be very slow on feedback, though.
5.0 : Any class Professor Walsh teaches is a course you should take. -She gives quizzes every week and does not tell you which day it will be.  -Lots of writing but a fair grader and gives a lot of help. -Prepare to spend time reading, as it is a law class.  -Show up ready to learn and she will fill your brain with tons of useful knowledge.
4.5 : Dr. Maibaum is a great teacher! The class was tough but if you understand the practice exams and homework the exams are straightforward.  I wish he taught 456 and 457.
2.5 : Teacher was nice and VERY enthusiastic, but neither his lectures nor his homework assignments helped much when it came time for the challenging examsfinal, which were too long and sometimes quite confusingly written. One annoyance I had was that his lectures often went over the 50 min. mark.
5.0 : He makes everything so clear, and always able to answer questions during office hour. I got a 4.0 in his class (because I love his class!), and indeed it requires a large amount of time to understand the material. Don't complain the class is tough if you are luck enough to have he as your teacher!
4.0 : Bob is really patient with students and makes sure everyone gets the help they need to succeed in class. Its good to take a class with someone who is excited about the subject they teach.
5.0 : great teacher and cares about student success
5.0 : Great professor! He has great passion for teaching and cares about the students.
5.0 : Besides the fun and interesting course material, Ileana went beyond and put effort into getting to know each student. The lectures were never boring because she adds her own charisma and hilarity into them. Don't be afraid to think outside the box on project presentations-- she loves creativity! She also bought us lunch and cool pens! I LOVE HER!!!
5.0 : The way she structured the class made me learn a lot and made me interested in the subject. She's a fair grader and wants everyone to do well.
5.0 : Take his class! What are you waiting for!?
5.0 : Dr. Jack is the best. I love going to school because of his class to be honest. He is very passionate about biology and he will transfer his passion to you. Very fair, very very helpful. I wouldn't finish describing him if I continued. Science classes are never easy. Don't hesitate and take the class with him!
5.0 : Very funny instructor. He has a sarcastic sense of humor. Considers no question to be unworthy of a complete answer.  Encourages discussion of topics during lecture to ensure understanding. The online homework is a pittance of your grade, but he hand picks the questions and I found them very valuable. He sits in the tutoring center during his lunch
5.0 : I have had Professor Vincent for 3 biology classes. He is one of the best teachers I've ever had. He's funny, knowledgeable, and helpful. I would highly recommend taking any of his classes.
5.0 : Dr. Jack is definitely a great professor. He is very knowledgable about the subject. Exams are clear and there are no surprises in the questions. Everything is from what was covered in the reading and lectures. Lectures and labs are fun. He is a fair grader and you will do good if you go to lectures and take notes. He is also very willing to help.
4.5 : Leache was an awesome professor. He was very clear and often a little funny, which is hard to do in such a (boring?) class. He also checked in for understanding. Even though the tests and clicker questions were difficult, he was a good professor.
3.5 : Fast talker, but clear in expectations and good at giving specific examples in class. Go to class! Has clicker questions and calls on people, even in a 600+ lecture. Test questions are pretty tough because he requires you to understand, not memorize. Great for a 180 teacher.
4.0 : Professor Leach's lectures were straightforward. Anything on the lecture powerpoint is fair game, including tables. Class is boring at times, but memorize the lecture slides and pay some attention in class and you'll get a good grade. Quiz sections don't require much effort either. I would recommend BIOL354, specifically with Leach.
4.0 : He's very passionate about biology, which is really refreshing to see. Nice guy overall, makes a lot of jokes. Tests are difficult; rote memorization will sink you if you don't comprehend the concept. Clicker questions can be tricky, but he is pretty fair overall. Awesome lecturer, and I will take him again if I get the opportunity
3.5 : He's a really good lecturer and has a good sense of humor. Be sure to be on top of your reading because he does random call-outs and you want to be prepared. The tests are tough, you HAVE to know your stuff inside and out because the grading is really strict and you have to get everything exactly right in order to get a good score.
4.0 : 142143 is pretty regulated to a median 3.0. Her teaching is great, she is very enthusiastic and uses powerpoint. If you like handwritten overheads, then take Reges. Do well on the homework, check for style.
5.0 : LN was the best instructor I have had at the UW. She is very clear and makes you genuinely interested in computer science and I found myself actually enjoying lecture and the homework projects. You're expected to show up and work hard but lectures are informative and you learn a lot of great concepts about CS.
5.0 : This class was great, and even inspired me to possibly major in CSE. Helene is great, full of energy, and always willing to answer any question. Great class, the homework is tricky but there is a lab to get help every day. Take this class!
5.0 : I came into CSE 142 already taking Java for 3 years. It was a bit easy, but I never liked CS before taking her class, and now I absolutely love it, and I'm considering majoring in it. If people say she's not helpful or clear, the IPL really helped me out and office hours.
4.0 : Good lecturer and very conscientious and caring teacher. The class is very hard though if you haven't done programming before, and very time consuming.
3.5 : I'm a senior from the mechanical engineering department.Taking the class to a bit about java.My opinion this class is time consuming. Work load is not a 4credit class at all.I have learned other languages before but I don't think the time I have spent so far for this class was reasonable. Sections shouldn't mandatory for grades.She's nice though.
2.0 : Incredibly time consuming.TAs don't care about your progress,don't provide much of feedback, but simply are grading robots. Prepare for a harsh competition with those people who want to apply for CSE major.
5.0 : Love her enthusiasm when teaching, it really is contagious! (: Started my first day with no programming experience whatsoever and now I'm hooked on learning more (currently taking CSE 143.) Weekly projects can be a bit time-consuming and frustrating but the outcome is well worth it. If you're curious about CSE, Helene is the way to go!
5.0 : I came in with zero programming experience and no expectations but LN's teaching encouraged me to take 143 as well with her this quarter. Her lectures are interesting and if you miss something you can always re-watch the recorded lecture online. Read  the TA's grading standards and proofread your HW. Do 5-10 practice exams before each test.
5.0 : LN is a great lecturer. I came in to CSE 142 with literally zero experience of programming before, and never thought that I would become so interested in computer science now. I took her 142 course last quarter, and she was one the main reasons why I continued to take CSE 143 this quarter. She is super super nice and humorous! Super great teacher!
5.0 : Helene is super sweet, enthusiastic about the material, and overall an awesome person. Totally willing to answer any questions and such.
2.0 : Do you have significant experience with java already? If not then steer clear! This class is a major weedout trap for those who want to be in the CSE major. Assignments are reused, meaning that having access to former assignments gives competitors an enormous advantage. Do your GPA a favor on this one and avoid the class or take it pass/fail.
2.0 : good lecturer and talker although he really like to talk about himself! class is useful if you want industry job. Dr. Patel's knowledge is shallow and he is like a project manager who think really highly of himself (and shows it to your face). Gives high level superficial feedback, you gotta figure things out without much deep dive with him.
5.0 : The best PMP class thus far. Lots of practical knowledge and would recommend to anyone.
5.0 : I took EE472 (and EE477). In the class, Prof Patel covered as diverse materials as possible and gave sufficient content for us to start with. For students who needs more insights, he is always ready to give more details for those materials. The discussion in the lab hours is inspiring. I would highly recommend his class.
5.0 : OMG BEST STATS PROFESSOR EVER.. unbelievably easy class. 4.0 piece of cake. Show up everyday, take the notes and all examples shown in class with end up on quizzes and tests. Hot professor as well. Makes it easy to pay attention.
5.0 : great teacher, very clear and helpful, go to class, pay attention and ask questions and you should be fine
5.0 : Haley is a great professor. Her powerpoints were relevant to homework, quizzes, and tests. There are weekly quizzes but they actually prep you for the midterm and final and keep you on track. She is funny and really sweet! Group work and in class participation definitely help your learning experience. We use My Stat Lab which is helpful.
4.5 : Fantastic instructor, full of smiles, and very helpful. Took her for Statistics TMath110 and liked her class so much I took her for TMath310 Advanced Stats even though I didn't need the class.
4.5 : Took her for TMATH 110 (required) and liked her class so much took her TMATH 310 as an elective. Love this instructor. Fantastic person, great teacher, and great smile making her easily approachable.
4.0 : Awesome professor. However classes mostly consist of lectures, which isn't ideal for everyone's learning style. She's very willing to help if you ask her.
3.0 : Haley is a bit of an awkward lecturer. Most of the problem lies in the fact that she asks a lot of questions during her lectures and will wait for an answer instead of just giving it after a few seconds. Other than that, a good professor and good at teaching statistics. We never used the book, just the MyStatsLab access code it comes with.
5.0 : Great instructor, patient, willing to go out of her way to help.  I struggle with this class, not her fault... Highly recommended.  One of the most helpful instructors at UWT.
3.0 : Class felt like a huge waste of time, about half the class period was spent on "in class assignments" or "in class group activities" that took up way more time than were actually needed, but you're graded on them so you have to actually be there.  That was extremely frustrating.  Also the online assingments bore little relation to what was on tests
5.0 : Be sure to attend lecture, you will not be able to make up in class activity. Test is pretty easy as long as you do MyMathLab homework. easy A class if you study 1 hour after each lecture!
5.0 : Come to class, complete all of your homework and you should be prepared for your quizzes.  She allows you to use a 3X5 card for most of the quizzes.  Homework and in-class activities were extremely helpful for comprehension and understanding of the concepts. I had to re-take this course because it was 22 years old, I can say she made it easy!!!
4.0 : Skipper taught statistics in a way that was easy to understand and encouraged us to think of the real-world applications. She's easygoing and respectable.
5.0 : Be ready to work. Skip on buying the textbook and just get the Pearson online lab.  Her lectures are very detailed and good. She goes at a pace where you can take detailed notes that will in fact be better than the book. Intro to stats ended up being my highest grade ever in any math course. She is an excellent prof.
4.5 : She is the best stats teacher I have ever taken. I took a stats class before and failed it because the teacher had no idea how to teach it. I am passing Skippers class with flying colors because she explains the material very well. I encourage first time stats students to take her class you will not regret it.
4.0 : I would say Professor Skipper is a really great statistics professor. She takes each section from the book and elaborates on it. There are multiple quizzes through the quarter (can use cheat sheet), and only one final cumulative exam during finals  week. Homework is all online and SO easy! Very friendly and helpful as well! Recommended to all!
3.5 : I would HIGHLY recommend Professor Skipper to anyone. The class material is beyond easy. You will never know when an in-class assignment is going to happen, so this isn't the class to miss, as they can hurt your grade. She makes great use of online resources and you will always know exactly where you stand, which is awesome!
5.0 : Professor Skipper was clear on assignments and tests. She is also available and will help you out during her office hours. I will say that she pretty much saved my quarter. I am not a math wiz but Professor Skipper is as good as it gets as far as a math professor goes. For anyone that loves math or needs a math credit, she is a must take.
5.0 : Didn't expect much from this class but I actually enjoyed showing up to class. There are random in-class assignments so show up even though attendance isn't mandatory. A lot of quizzes/mini quizzes but really easy if you just show up and take notes. Would take again.
4.0 : Overall he is a good professor. He explains things at a very nice pace and does not rush through material unlike some other O chem professors. He also explains things clearly. However, he never tells you which section of the textbook is covered on the exam since he does not follow the order of the textbook. Lots of synthesis problems in exams.
4.0 : He's tough but fair. Likes to help. I would take him again if he taught more classes.
2.0 : Highly recommend avoiding him at all costs. I've had a lot of different Chem teachers here at UW and he is by far the worst. All his examples are identical to the book. Never went to class, learned everything through online videos and did fine. Stay away from him
5.0 : easy 4.0.  just understand all the reactions and mechanism he talked about in class and you should be fine. None of the exam questions is about nomenclature. Synthesis problem has nothing to do with stereochemistry. Even though the exam questions are super easy, the grading policy is not reasonable.
4.0 : Fair professor. Before exams he will tell you what you are expected to know, listen carefully. After every exam he asks for feedback on the questions. He actively tries to improve his teaching style. Hard grader though, make sure you read all the questions before you start exams. He seems to favor a lot of synthesis problems. Go to lecture+read bk.
3.5 : I actually really liked Professor Lalic. His class was definitely not easy by any means, but he made an effort to help us learn as much as possible. After the first exam (which went horribly) he asked for feedback and responded accordingly. Can be a bit severe but clearly cares a lot about student success. One of the better teachers I've had.
4.0 : I honestly loved professor Lalic. He is hilarious and is pretty straightforward. I don't know why so many people struggled in his class because the test were pretty much exactly like the past exams he gave us and weren't too difficult. I would definitely take him again. Just do all of the practice questions that he gives you and you'll be fine.
5.0 : A lot of synthesis problems on the midterms and final. But the questions are fair.
5.0 : Professor Lalic was hilarious, which makes lectures enjoyable. He had a good sense of humor. He is obviuosly really smart. He makes you work for your grade. He makes you think. Overall, he is a good professor and I truly learned a lot. Saturday office hours were very helpful. Take him, put in the time and effort, and you should be okay.
3.5 : He's a great professor with intentional/unintentional humor, asks if everyone feels comfortable after covering a long or potentially confusing concept. His exams will be easy if you can invest a lot of time for the class. Make sure you have some slack classes because 238 requires a lot of time.
5.0 : Best Chemistry professor I had after taken more than ten chemistry classes in three years. He is dedicated to ensure the student understand ochem in a chemist's perspective, which makes the class inspirational for students who wants to put time and efforts into class. The test questions are not easy but are not unreasonable if you studied hard.
5.0 : DO THE PRACTICE TESTS  Tests are exactly the same. Funny guy. Lectures really clearly; he's super smart. He says you need to read the book, but you really don't.
5.0 : Go to office hours. He will work through a concept you are struggling with until you understand it completely.  Cares about your grade and will suggest ways to improve  the quality of your studying.  Lectures are supplemental to the readings, and both are required to do well, because it's not supposed to be an easy class.
4.0 : Tough class. But Lalic really cares about our grades, and he's really passionate and knowledgable. Will take his class again.
5.0 : i love him so much!
1.5 : Extremely vague about what will be on the tests. He even said you just could not study for some questions, they were meant to trick you. Gave little feedback and offered little practice problems, even when he did, the problems had no keys. Tough tough tests.   Personally, I will avoid him at all costs.
4.5 : While he seemed intimidating at first, it was clear that he cared about us learning. Our first test had a pretty low average but he blamed the low average on himself, saying he should've taught the material better. Honestly I thought it was because people weren't paying attention. He is very clear and drops hints about what might be on the tests.
5.0 : Perez is an amazing professor. This class has a lot of reading though so be prepared to skim. There were grad students in this class which made it feel intimidating, but Perez loves to here from his students and the class format is heavily discussion based so if you want to participate, you have to have at least skimmed some of the readings.
3.5 : Michael is great- it's obvious that he knows his stuff and that he's passionate about this field. However, the lectures are long and can get pretty dull at times. This course overall has been very eye-opening, in my opinion. There's also a lot of reading involved.
5.0 : I have taken multiple courses with Professor Perez and each course has its own appeal. The one constant is that Perez is always so engaging and fantastic. It may be harder to realize this in larger lectures, so you should talk to him individually. Be sure to read AND participate! He is my favorite professor at UW, for sure.
4.5 : Favorite teacher and class I've ever taken at UW! He's very knowledgeable and cares about what he is teaching. I would definitely recommend this class! The content is very interesting too!
4.0 : Professor MV Perez was the best professor I had during my time at UW. While all grading is left up to the TAs and you will have weekly short papersethnographies to turn in, Perez is an amazing lecturer even if you have absolutely no previous knowledge of anthropology. He is obviously very intelligent and respected.
5.0 : I loved this class and he is one of the best anthropology professors. If you go to the lectures and read the assigned books, this class is a pretty easy 4.0. There is also a lot of extra credit opportunity with service learning! An eye opening class, very interesting and he is a great lecturer. Would recommend 10/10
4.0 : Michael was an awesome professor. Lectures can get boring. When he tries to get people to talk, just raise your hand and add your opinion; he'll appreciate it. My special topic was "Mystery of the Material World"; the content was interesting and relevant to daily life. The three essays are a big chunk of the total grade, but they weren't too hard.
4.0 : Great class. It's essay-based and the TA's grade them. Prof. Perez knows what he's talking about and gives great lectures that are pretty interesting most of the time (but lectures are almost 2 hours). Write the papers and you will be fine, there's only 6 papers, all around 3 pages. Really easy if you manage your time well. Attend quiz sections!
5.0 : Extremely well planned classes and captivating lectures. Occasionally has a pompous air to him (like he knows all the girls (myself included) think he's hot) but still one of the best lecturers I've ever had! Grading criteria can be a little vague but is more than willing to work out your projects with you.
5.0 : One of the best I've ever taken a class from. Funny, engaging, &amp; cares about the class understanding the concepts. A handful of reading responses, 2 longer papers, and in-class pop quizzes (so don't miss class). Only drawback: he is really distracted by laptops and won't allow them in his courses again. (Thanks to those who misuse the privilege.)
5.0 : A truly awesome professor. Attendance isn't necessarily mandatory (show up to your quiz section though!) however, you risk missing a pop quiz if you do! Lectures are insightful, passionate, funny, and powerful. I loved this class, but it came a little late in the afternoon for me so I was either brain dead/exhausted by the time it came round.
4.5 : Does a really good job at trying to engage a large lecture class. You do need to do the readings for the multiple short essays though.
4.5 : This class changed me life. It is extremely eye-opening and engaging. The first few weeks are mind-bending and but then you have an new knowledge base and the content is even more engaging. Collective Memory and Violence is a class I think everyone should take.  The only thing that's annoying is how a lot of girls laugh at EVERYTHING he says.
4.5 : This was my favorite class of the quarter. The class is well organized into interesting subjects. It was interesting to learn so much about Islam and Pop culture. The hip-hop section was the most interesting. Professor Perez is a great speaker and always welcomed student insights and discussions. No tests just weekly reflections + short papers.
1.0 : Class was very poorly organized, very ambiguous in his instructions for assignments, professor wasn't very approachable, but is however a good lecturer.
4.0 : Michael was a great Professor for my first quarter and first year but I think I learned most from my TA's he just sometimes wasn't very clear but all in all great professor and i would highly recommend taking one of his classes.
4.0 : Obviously cares about the subject.  Open to comparing and contrasting authors and cultures.
5.0 : MVP was the best professor I had, by far, during  my first quarter here at UW. His lectures, while long, are always interesting... and his style of teaching was clear, fun, and quite simple for such a topic. The syllabus is clear and straight forward, and it's not difficult to do any of the (many) readings because they're all great. Favorite class.
3.5 : MVP is the real MVP. His Reading Response papers are only 2 pages long, sometimes 2-3 and you don't have to do the reading unless you're doing it for those papers. Nevertheless, they are extremely interesting. Don't skip out on lecture when he plays films-- you're missing out and he has given extra credit to those who stay in class. Love the class.
3.5 : Michael seemed to be one of those professors who gets raving reviews, but has grown old of actually teaching. If he wasn't having us watch movies for the 2 hour long lectures, he was simply reading off of his notes. Don't get me wrong, Michael is definitely passionate, but when it comes to teaching he seems fairly bored.
4.5 : Favorite class I've taken thus far. Lectures are long but interesting and thought provoking, which makes it well worth the time. Assignments are straightforward and relatively easy. Can't go wrong with Anth101. Will probably be taking another class from him in the future.
4.0 : His lectures and the topics taught were very interesting. I enjoyed watching the video, it something you talk about in class. There is weekly writing assignments from the reading and two large papers. He also gives extra credit, which was very helpful. The quiz sections are based on participation. Overall easy class.
3.0 : He is tough but fair. He will let you get your grade up.
3.5 : Very easy class - you write a two page paper (double spaced) every week basically and you pass. No exams ever!
5.0 : Hedy is an amazing professor. She truly cares and is there to help 100%! Participation is mandatory for the Seminars and also the two extra lectures you need to attend but there are many to choose from. I missed two classes and did not attend the two lectures and ended up with a B. My thesis could have been stronger too....
4.5 : Hedy is amazing! She's hilariously awkward and gives out free books and tons of extra credit. Lectures were super long in a dark, warm room so it was easy to follow asleep. The lectures were interesting but she could spend forever talking about a graph. Tests are 100 questions but easy enough if you know the material.
4.5 : Pretty easy class. I didn't get a 4.0 but I was pretty close. I barely studied. Concepts are straightforward but sometimes there's some tricky questions on the test that will prevent you from getting 100%. Class was so long and so many people fell asleep. No textbook required, just readings she posts online. There was a group infographic project.
5.0 : I freakin love Heddy. Except that the final was tough...
5.0 : Christian is one of the best math profs I've had. He taught an already difficult subject and didn't let up whatsoever with homework. However, he was very accessible and willing to help in detail. Plus, that homework, while difficult, if you could successfully get through it, you'd be legitimately prepared for the exams. Tough, but helpful and fair.
5.0 : Great, clear lectures. Nice guy in general, extremely helpful in office hours. Quizzes and most test questions are easy/straightforward, there's just 10% that he makes difficult, so it's easy to get a good grade in the class. Highly recommend.
4.0 : Christian is a really nice guy. Always available to answer questions and makes sure you understand. He gets a little flustered sometimes but he's always doing his best. Anyone with a 90% by the end of the quarter gets a 4.0. 10% of test question are always extra hard, the rest is doable so if you keep up then you have a really good chance at a 4.0!
5.0 : Christian Rudnick is EXTREMELY HELPFUL in office hours. Super approachable and friendly dude too. He makes difficult subjects seem easy with his walkthroughs during lecture. He knew everyone's name by the end. He made his own notes in 307, so studying for exams came down to doing the homework and reading his notes. Encourages the class to ask qs:)
5.0 : Great teacher, super friendly and interested in students learning. Very effective lecture style thats easy to follow and takes notes on. Fantastic explanations in office hours. Understanding and fair grading system.
5.0 : Great professor, very kind and helpful.
4.5 : Very good professor, one of the best math professors I've had. Has difficult exams but working through his past exams help! He made me actually like math and want to go to class.
3.0 : No textbook needed, all readings are online. His clicker questions were tough. As a person, I really liked Tim. However, the class itself was a mess. It was insanely disorganized and tougher than it should've been for a 100 level course.
3.5 : The best class you will ever take at UW. If you ever get to go bird watching with Tim, you are a blessed soul.
5.0 : This class was by far the best class I've taken at UW. Anyone who loves being outside and really learning and understanding about the nature around them will fall in love with this class, and with Tim. We went on multiple field trips that were really educational and fun, very chill. But this isn't an easy class at all!
5.0 : The best class taught be the greatest professor in UW! Make sure you take this class before you graduate from UW.
2.0 : Environment 200 is a weird class. Tim is pretty cool. His wife had a baby during the time I took this class so he would occasionally pop in and teach. The tests were way too long for the amount of time given and the lectures did not match up with the tests. He goes on tangents a lot.
5.0 : Great professor, knows alot about birds, and cares about his students! I've known Tim Billo for two years now, and he's one of the best professors i've had. Take this class even if you aren't an Enviro Sci major, it can come in handy no matter what you do.
4.0 : If you don't already know, Tim Billo literally has a cult following at UW. Seriously, search #timbillo on Instagram. By the end of the quarter (ENVIR 280) you'll literally want to BE him, and know everything he knows. He geeks out, has a great sense of humor, and is not intimidating by any means. You will be lucky just to be in his presence!
5.0 : Tim is a great guy, the class is fun and hands on. The field trips are dope and you'll be able to identify the plants around you constantly
5.0 : Tim is the best professor I've ever met. He had the power to make every student care about the nature. ENVIR 280 is an awesome class where you go on a lot of field trips. After taking a class with him, you will wanna be out on the field all the time!
5.0 : I am not an Art History major, but I love professor Drpic! He is clear, organized, and makes lectures extremely interesting.  Grading is really reasonable, and there are plenty of small assignments to pad your grade.  Like any Art History class, there is a lot of memorization.  But if you know the review images, you are golden!
3.0 : I have a strong disdain in the method which he uses to test students. His tests require you to memorize a bank of 50+ images for the midterm, only 5-6 of which were actually used on the actual exam. On the final he expands the pool to 100+ images. Truly a waste of a student's mental capacity. Learning is not equal to memorizing.
5.0 : AMAZING. BEST TA EVER. He is honestly such a wonderful TA. He is very clear with his teaching, always available for extra help, and truly cares about his students. He has a great personality and is very down to earth. I wish I could take all my music classes with him.
4.0 : Music 116 is supposed to be an easy class but with this guy, it isn't easy at all. For our 2nd midterm, the lowest grade in class was a 19%. It's probably an easy 3.5 class if you study hard. Definitely not an easy 4.0. If you're trying to get a perfect score, take it with another teacher. Aside from his tough grading, he teaches well and is clear.
1.5 : He expects too much from his students for a 2 credit class. This class is not easy, has a lot of material and the final exam is cumulative. It takes about 98% to get a 4.0, and this guy does not make it any easier at all. Don't take this guy unless you don't have an option or are a maestro in music theory already. Oh, he doesn't answer emails btw..
4.0 : Josh is a  good teacher and easy if you been playing music for a long time! I found that he cares, willing to answer questions, and had extra office hours in preparation for the final. I do agree with other students that this class may not be an easy 4.0 if you do not have past musical experience, but his tests are reasonable if you actually study.
5.0 : He's an amazing, super nice instructor and all those terms and theories are crystal clear under his instruction. I admit that he is a hash grader compared to most students expectations. However, this is real music theory. This class is used to filter those really love music and study for it from those losers who don't want to do some effort at all.
3.0 : She is willing to help, but is a very very tough grader. Expects more out of what you can do. Make sure to give more detail than you think you already have given. the book is the worst thing I have ever read, and the instructions for the assignments are confusing and unclear.
5.0 : This class is packed full of interesting material. Professor Spratt is very attentive and responds quickly. Final was not easy but in general the assignments are fun and end up taking away a lot.
3.5 : She is the toughest grader I've ever met in COM Dept. The average essay score for  the entire class is around 76-80%, which I think is ridiculously low. I seriously don't recommend her. Other than essays, there are also  weekly quizzes, assignments, discussion &amp; response posts. If you are looking for GPA booster or easy course, please think twice.
3.5 : Don't take her class! She doesn't give good feedback when you have problems, and I don't think she knows what she's doing!She is just not good at teaching. If you are looking for an easy class or GPA booster, this class def won't be your top choice, unless you are super engaged in the course topic.
5.0 : Provide a lot of help guide and time for our final project.  Final exam is in class. Very good, experienced and knowledgable professor respected by students. Will take again,
5.0 : The class wasn't easy, but I enjoyed it.
5.0 : Dr. Lewis is an amazing lecturer and I felt privileged to be in her class. I had her for intro to genetics and learned a ton. She grades tough but fairly, be prepared to work for your grade. Her lectures are good enough that you dont need a book and she doesnt require one.
5.0 : Makes it easier for you to understand things by putting herself into a biology model.  Easy grader on papers. Open-minded exam questions. Gives out points if you give logical reasons for your answers even if it's wrong.
5.0 : Dr. Lewis wants her students to learn and do well in her classes. I've taken multiple classes with her, most of the time she offered review sessions before a test and it is always extremely helpful. She is very straight forward about what you need to know for each test. Does a lot of worksheets to help be hands on with the topic.
4.0 : Dr. Lewis is a wonderful lecturer. She makes the most confusing genetic concepts straighforward and is very helpful in her review sessions and office hours. She is flexible and makes times outside of her office hours for students to see her. Her exams may be slightly tricky but mostly straighforward and fair if you study the material well.
5.0 : I could only choose 3 tags, but she's also There For You, gives Amazing Lectures, and I Would Take Again. This is my second class with Alaron and she is the BEST biology professor I've had! I've had her for both BBIO 360 and BBIO 380. She's GREAT! She explains things in a very simple and memorable way. NEVER feel afraid to ask a question with her!
1.0 : Worst teacher I have ever had. Very unhelpful, tells us to look a the interet rather than teach herself. Do not take this teacher.
5.0 : I've had Dr. Lewis twice now as a professor and I would recommend her to anyone interested in biology. You can tell from day 1 that she loves teaching, and that she is super geeky at heart. Funny, motivational, and a true genius at times, I have had few teachers in my life that compare to her.
5.0 : Dr. Lewis is awesome! She is very clear on what she wants you to know, and will continue to help until you get it. We had to do many papers reviewing literature and she always gave good feedback. She funny and really knows her stuff, would deffinetly take again!
4.5 : Love her. Best lectures, she keeps your attention and explains things so well. She makes the hardest things make sense. very easy going and easy to talk to. If you're having difficulty, reach out and she will make time to meet with you. I've had her twice so far and without a doubt would take her again. BEST PROFESSOR AT UWB
3.5 : 5.0 for his adorable smile, bringing the hope and cheer to all desperate hard-working studio folks.
4.0 : Rob is such a kind soul. I always felt like my ideas were listened to and built upon, he is just all around an amazing professor.
5.0 : Politics of Imprisonment was an eye-opening class. Prof. Dwyer wasn't afraid to talk about tough topics, but always went out of her way to make sure everyone felt comfortable. Very supportive for outside-the-box final projects. 10/10 would highly recommend!
4.0 : Dr. Dwyer's class, The Politics of Imprisonment, is highly recommended. If you want to find out what's actually happening in our society, you must attend. It's a transformative experience. Anyone interested in social justice must experience this class.
4.0 : In-class discussions were phenomenal, and she is very open to student ideas.  That being said, nothing was graded until the final week of the quarter, which was stressful.
5.0 : She is awesome! If you want to learn and be engaged, I would recommend taking her! She really cares about students. There is a lot if participation involved (which I think is great!) that way students really engage in the conversations. Half the class is her lecturing and has students discussion. Overall great experience!
5.0 : I have taken her for BCUSP 170 and BIS 293: MATCH. She is one of my favorite professors at UWB. She is helpful, engaging, fun, and very interesting. Her classes are well organized and she grades fairly. I always look forward to taking her classes. On top of that, she is a great role model for Latina/o students on campus. She definitely is the best!
5.0 : This class is difficult but do-able (with a decent-to-good grade) if you participate.  Silva is conscientious and compassionate, though she asks for your attention and engagement, as any class would.  She is clear, funny, caring, and passionate.  If you truly care about the issues she teaches, you will love her classes.
5.0 : Dr. Silva is by far one of the best professors at UW Bothell! I've taken many classes with her, your grade is the amount of work you put into it. Her instructions are clear, and is super supportive. Take her class!
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers. She's super funny and is really clear on what will be on the test- her study guides contain only things that will be on the test. Her slides are really interesting and thought provoking and she's really nice. Take her class if you can!!
5.0 : She's amazing! Topics are interesting, she is engaging. 50/50 lecture &amp; discussion. Assignments were very clear and well laid out. She's extremely helpful if you don't understand something and motivating. One of the best teachers I have had in college!
4.0 : The first day of class, she seemed intimidating! But as the quarter progressed, it became better and it went by all too fast!She's helpful and has so much enthusiasm in what she teaches that she pertains it to real-life events! Creation of social change :)I would take her classes again if I could! Midterm, 2 papers and a group presentation.
4.0 : The best professor I've ever had. She has played a huge role is how I see the world. Readings due every class, but they are interesting and relevant. She grades class participation, so you must show up and you must be engaged. Clear study guides for all exams, but you MUST do the readings to do well on them.
5.0 : Professor Silva is one of my favorite teachers at UWB. Lectures are engaging, and quizzes are just given to make sure students did the readings. Professor Silva usually gives quizzes when the class doesn't participate in class discussions.
5.0 : After spending thousands of dollars, taking several classes, doing hours of studying I graduate this Spring and can truly say that Professor Silva is the best in the IAS department at UWB!! She's passionate about her work and it is clear through her classes. I've taken a couple of her classes and only wish there were more professors like her.
5.0 : She's amazing, willing to help and accommodate life. Very informative and relevant  lectures. Clear study guide. 4.0 is around 97-98% so you have to work for your grade but very possible to get it.  Great classroom atmosphere, and the Dr. Silva knows her field inside and out
5.0 : A very fair grader, assignments and what is expected is very clear, good teacher and would take again
5.0 : Prof. Silva's projects are always a central part of the grade. They stretch your thinking and are sometimes a challenge but it pays off in the end. Her quizzes are really fair and based on the readings and lectures, but she makes clear which readings to study. She is hilarious and has a great world perspective and a lot to share. I would take her
5.0 : Amazing professor. This class made me feel like I can make a difference in the world. Take this class &amp; jump in with both feet!
5.0 : Dr. Silva is one of the true gems that UWB has. She genuinely wants her students to succeed and is willing to go more than half way to support you.
5.0 : She is an incredible professor! I have taken three classes with Prof Silva and am sad to be graduating this year and not able to take more under her instruction. I have been at UWB for four years and she is definitely my favorite professor.
5.0 : Silva structures each class a bit different, this one was on women's lives in context. We had 5 online discussions, 5 homework assignments that were pretty easy, and a midterm a final project and no final! Some of the topics were controversial or heavy, but she is a solid lecturer and has a strong presence. She's understanding of absence just email
5.0 : It's awesome when you find a professor who actually knows what she is talking about. Dr. Silva does.
5.0 : Silva is a very amazing instructor! She used engaging material, clear lectures, and has a wonderful sense of humor. Very flexible and understanding of students' needs.  As for the class, I've certainly learned a lot! The class is structured first hour is lecture, next hour is class discussion. I definitely plan to take a course by her again.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR I have ever had. Shes sassy and funny like no other professor here at UWB.. Easy grader, only talks for an hour then the last hour is ours. As funny as she is, she is also very stern on what she wants for her class. This was the class who did that walk out last spring for the Diversity center! Great class
5.0 : Lauren is the most down to earth professor I have ever taken from. I did study abroad with her and she is  genuinely the most intelligent, caring, helpful, and respectful professor that you can connect with. She is flexible but don't take it for granted. Her tests are somewhat difficult but it would only be because the readings are difficult.
5.0 : Dr. Montgomery is brilliant. She is caring, humorous, and fun! I have taken a variety of her courses and have enjoyed every single one. I can never get over how wise yet down to earth she is. She is passionate in whatever she is teaching, even it if is just about life outside of academia. You must experience one of her courses before you graduate!
5.0 : I took 300 Art and the Human Consciousness Study Abroad program in France and Italy with Lauren Summer of 2016. You MUST do this, it will change your life. The course work was very difficult, but worth it because of being in Europe where much of the art originated in. She is also flexible in reducing work if everyone agrees to it. Loved this course
4.5 : I have taken 5 classes with her and received A's in all 5. She's an amazing professor. I really enjoy her lectures and her vast amount of knowledge. She's really quite amazing. It'll be sad to graduate and never see her again. Classes can be tough, but as long as you come to class, take notes and process the info you'll be fine.
4.0 : Lauren Montgomery is a great instructor in that she truly values the feedback of her students. Several times throughout the quarter she asked us how we felt we were doing and if there was anything we felt needed changing. She also gives good feedback on classwork. Fun, energetic, and all around great. She will make you work, but is fairly laid back
1.0 : Grade depends on chapter quizes and the exams mostly. There is a service learing project for her class, you must go to the Childrens Museum once every week and you will have two papers on that. The quizes are hard to study for, she expects you to remember all this information but only gives you 10 questions. Does not give a study guides for exams.
5.0 : She's literally worth her weight in gold. This is my first Psych class and I love how fun she made it. She gave me clear feedback on my papers and lots of time. She even gave us candy during the midterm to keep our energy up, and the midterm was easy because we have weekly tests (which are guaranteed As) because it's questions from the textbook.
5.0 : She is the most caring, intellectual professors I've had. The concepts learned in class was amazing and the readings aren't boring. They are long, but very interesting. You'll learn about development and a lot about yourself and it is definitely applicable to the real world. The take-home tests aren't too bad either. And there's like 2 big projects
5.0 : Dr. Kellejian is an amazing and inspirational professor at the University of Washington. She is hilarious, understanding, and timely of student's schedules and works. By taking her writing class, I was able to become a better writer by her amazing feedback. KELLEJIAN! WE LOVE YOU!
5.0 : I wish I had found this professor prior to the end of my schooling.  I really enjoyed how she ran the class and the class discussions.  She seems to really care and I looked forward to going to class each week.  She did offer some extra credit in class as well.
5.0 : Kris was clear cut on what she expects and her class was extremely easy as long as you show up. Easy to approach after class and extremely helpful if you ever need clarification. A bit awkward at times if the class isn't actively participating.
5.0 : Really a great prof! She picks awesome reads and makes class discussions enjoyable. I have taken a few classes from her and have loved them all. There is a bit of reading and responses involved but the topic is interesting enough to make it feel like less work. 10/10 would take again.
5.0 : Really helpful. Offers some extra credit opportunities and grades easy if you do what needs to be done. Follow instructions, do the readings, assignments, and research paper. You'll do well.
5.0 : I enjoyed her BIS300 class! I recommend her!! She's an amazing instructor and shows that she really cares about her students future. I ended this class with a 4.0. This class may seem easy but it requires a lot of work and dedication. She is very helpful and clear about her assignments as well.
1.0 : Kris Kellejian was so unprofessional and she demonstrated a lack of interest on her students. I understand that there are requirements and expectations to pass a class but she was disobliging. I wouldn't recommend her or wish to take another course taught by her.
5.0 : Great professor, really cares about all students. I have taken two courses with her and enjoyed them both. Takes the time to give feedback which is appreciated. It is clear she puts a lot of time and energy into lesson plans. Great professor!
5.0 : Really nice and understanding professor, very easy to talk to. It feels like everyone in the class is comfortable in speaking, there honestly is no "wrong" answer. Only assignments we had were two discussion posts a week, one on Monday and one on Friday (since it's a hybrid course). The readings are very interesting and not super extensive
5.0 : Took this class for my major and am so glad that I did! Kris was so helpful and always clear about what was expected of us.
2.0 : Boring class by an even more boring educator.  Treats us like we're in kindergarten and thinks UW Bothell is second rate to UW Seattle.  Don't take her, she will bore you death and treat you like a 5th grader.
5.0 : I've had to pleasure of having Jyana as my teacher for 2 quarters in a row. She has been by far the most helpful, personable, and passionate teacher I've had! You can tell she truly loves the material and she works to make you feel like your contribution to class discussion is valued. Lots of analytical reading but you end up getting really into it
3.5 : She is very sweet and nice, you can tell that she is really passionate about the subject. You should definitely expect that you will be writing a lot of essays, which she is sort of a tough grader on at times. She is very interactive in going in depth of the materials we've read and makes the class interesting, despite the long lecture time.
5.0 : Fantastic! Probably the best teacher I've ever had at UW! She is so friendly and supportive and saved me this quarter while I was struggling to keep up with the course. She is also very passionate about the subject and makes lectures fun. Unlike other profs who always want you to write what they think, she encourages you to develop your own ideas.
4.0 : You can't stump Hebert. He's such a nice guy, but he almost seems to nice to really be a nerdy serious economist. But by the end I learned so much and he thought about everything in terms of equations.
5.0 : Jennifer really helps me survive Econ. Without her I don't even think I can even make it to Econ 201. lol . I had bad experiences with Econ - due to my terrible Econ 200 instructor. So she really revives my hope for this subject. Great professor, really attentive and helpful. Highly recommend!
4.0 : Very easy, yet informative class. Learned quite a bit, and had fun while doing so. There are a few novels that you are required to read, but they are interesting. Essays about the novels and lectures are frequent, but are easy. There is a midterm quiz, but is also VERY easy; I received a 4.0 without really studying. MUST TAKE :)
4.5 : When I first took this class, I was skeptical, because I didn't know what I was signing up for, and i needed a VLPA. But the course was very light for a 5 credit class. Readings, essays, short stories, all very easy as long as you follow what they want. Don't hesitate to ask them questions too. I loved the Mushairah at the end of class!
5.0 : Liked it a surprising amount, for a class I accidentally signed up for. The class is mostly discussion-based; make sure you do the readings, but overall very light work for a 5 credit class.
4.5 : Great class overall. Like the last person, i also signed up for the class the last minute but it's one choice i never look back on. The stories ranged from interesting to mundane (i.e. The Namesake which was boring imo but some people are totally gonna hate on me lol). Overall, strongly recommended for someone looking for a decent VLPA. Grading ez.
4.5 : Literally saved my first quarter in college.
1.5 : Nice professor, but lectures were often rambling and off-topic, and very often poorly managed time-wise so the majority of the material was rushed into the last half hour of the 2 hour class. Extremely poor communication, did not provide rubrics or prompts for several of the assignments until very late or at all, unclear on expectations.
4.5 : Watts is awesome. I usually don't have an opinion on professors unless they were awesome or horrible, so take it from me this guy is awesome. I didn't know much about renewable energy technologies before I took this class. He's nice, he's fun, and great at teaching. Take this course, you won't regret it!
4.5 : RW is a fantastic professor. He is very good at breaking down concepts for better understanding. He can be a bit forgetful about some things and had occasional miscommunications with students, but he always was fair with his grading. His lectures are always prepared and he is very good about acknowledging when he hasn't been clear with the class.
5.0 : Richard Watts is one of the best professors I've ever had. He really pushes you to think and work hard. He's super friendly, very easily accessible outside of class, cares about your education, and encourages you to be the best you can be. He makes class fun and even took us on some really awesome field trips! Take class with Rich if you can!
3.0 : Prof. Watts is nice enough, but he's extremely unclear as to his expectations for papers. He does take FOREVER to grade things. However, he is extremely helpful and patient during office hours.  If you work hard and ask questions, you'll be okay.
5.0 : Alissa is amazing! She is very approachable and always willing to help. The course work was light compared to other beginning English classes and was far more interesting than expected. Alissa is very understanding about moving due dates and was overall a joy to spend two hours with. She really made class discussions fun and engaging.
5.0 : She is a really good instructor!!! She guides you to think deeply and make the reading much more fun. Just read all the reading that are required. You must get a really good grade!!! She is a easy grader. I would say I didn't work really hard, but I got 3.9 in her class!!!
5.0 : She's a very good teacher, probably the best Ive had so far. Class id discussion-based and she is good at guiding the discussions, adding her own opinions without really interfering. The class is lit so youll read 3 books that go super quick. Other than that she only has four papers total which I believe is less than the other 111 teachers.
5.0 : Alissa is incredible!!! Great teacher, super friendly, genuinely loves English and wants everyone to succeed. Make sure that you show up to lecture, because class discussions are super helpful. The workload is pretty easygoing and I didn't feel like the class was all that difficult.
4.5 : She is super understanding and is a great teacher. She clearly loves literature and teaching and I would recommend her to anyone that wants to read some great books and fulfill their english requirements.
4.5 : Wonderful, inspirational, creative! She has been my most favorite instructor in a while. Her assignments and essays are so well thought out and imaginative. I have fun every day I am in her class. She takes a unique twist on the usual way of instruction and I find it to be more beneficial to my understandings of whatever we are learning.
5.0 : She's super fun and chill. The books she picked were very interesting and pretty modern: Bloodchild, Never Let Me Go, and Ready Player One. If you have any questions or concerns, she'll help you with everything, and she's super easy on deadlines; just talk to her and things should be fine! I love her as a teacher!
5.0 : She is a really caring and accommodating teacher. She really tries to help her students get the best grade possible. The material is very interesting and isn't  very challenging but attendance and participation in the class is mandatory to get a good grade. I would definitely recommend taking this class with her.
5.0 : Alissa is a great professor.  She is very kind and flexible with due dates .  The reading assignments are not long like you will find with most English instructors.  I recommend taking her class to anyone who needs to take an English course.
5.0 : she is a really great teacher! she is very helpful and really cares about her students
5.0 : She is a really nice person. Helped me a lot in my academic writing throughout the quarter. I love her so much. Btw, she also gave nice grades.
3.0 : She is a phenomenal professor. She is extremely talented in communication and writing. HOWEVER, and a BIG however, she grades harshly to her own opinions. The review below mine is 100% true. I don't think she plays favorites, but she nit-picks on everything. Follow the rubric closely. Participation is extremely important, don't be late or absent.
3.0 : Her choice of content to cover is better than the other BCMU teachers (some don't even use textbooks), but she is a tough grader and sometimes her grading can be holistic in the way that can be inaccurate and maybe unfair. Take with her if you care more about the learning than the grade. If you care about an Easy A, don't take it with her.
4.0 : Ryan is such a sweet guy and is really knowledgeable about mathematics. You'll definitely want to attend every class or you'll miss valuable knowledge. Book is NOT required (for statistics), once a week homework, a few small (EASY) projects, straightforward tests, and extra credit opportunities. Definitely recommend his classes!
5.0 : Best calculus professor I have ever had! Ryan is an incredible teacher, and really takes the time to make sure all his students are following in his lectures. He has a goofy way of expressing his humor, but by the end of the quarter everyone can tell when he is trying to be funny. I would take his class again in a heartbeat.
2.5 : I had a difficult time with his teaching, topics were difficult to understand due to the way they were presented. Class work is normal, and he gave opputrunites for extra credit which helped tremendously however, as a whole I would find another professor
5.0 : Ryan's really helpful. He goes a little fast, but he will talk you through it if you don't get something. He gave me a 2.0 when, according to the grades, I should have gotten just under, so I appreciate that.
4.0 : Ryan Card is a great instructor but his teaching style didn't fit for me. The majority of the time was either quiet or awkward which I didn't like. For me, he taught pretty slow, meaning he exaggerated on the concepts. Homework and quizzes were fair, but his exams were really difficult. To pass this class, I would read the book and attend classes.
3.0 : Would not take again. Differential Equations are a difficult topic and he is not prepared to teach it.
5.0 : Ryan goes over the subject very clearly and slowly which is great for Calc I. There aren't many assignments. Quizzes are at the end of each week but they are only a few questions and they aren't too crazy. Allows for 1/3 of points to be regained for exams. Overall he made Calculus less difficult than it could have been.
5.0 : Dr. Card is very kind and about as funny as a calculus professor can be. His only downside is that he will stop class to make sure that everyone understands, but he's such a good teacher than often everyone does and we went up just waiting in awkward silence before moving on. Other than that, pretty standard workload and overall a great class.
3.0 : First half of the class is great, the second half is extremely difficult. You cannot skip classes and expect to understand material. You don't need your book but you will need the online pearson math system. Quizzes &amp; homework every week, two mini projects, midterm and final. BAD at responding to emails, don't even bother trying to contact him.
4.0 : Ryan Card is a great professor, his lectures and homework are always on point and concise.  While exams are a little nitpicky in terms of points the questions themselves are always something related to what you have done so no surprises. The workload is very doable (and he's lenient) so you have time to study the material/hw rather than rush.
5.0 : Good at teaching math if you want to learn it. Doesn't make the class easy but that's because the class isn't easy.
1.0 : Differential Equations was so rough with him. I don't think he knows he is a teacher.
5.0 : Card, was awesome! Super nice and always up for questions and clarity! This was the best math class I have ever done! He made it very easy!
5.0 : I love this woman. She is HILARIOUS and also so helpful if you want to object a grade or try to understand class concepts more. She has advised me on several independent study projects and written me a letter of rec. I am eternally grateful to this woman for he passion and inspirational personality. She grades medium-hard but tests are a breeze.
3.0 : She's a super friendly person, and pretty funny; but she goes off on so many tangents it takes up most of the class time. The problem is, the exams come DIRECTLY off the slides - I'm talking word for word. You'll get points off on the exam for getting the answer right, but not answering in verbatim what it said on the slides, which is ridiculous.
5.0 : Ann is a sweetheart of an instructor. If you are considering her summer 14 seminar on wrongful convictions you should sign up. You will be graded on contribution to discussions, 2 small reading presentations, and 3 papers (3-5, 3-5, 6-8 pg). She's very knowledgeable about the subject &amp; it seemed like every class I had something to look forward to.
2.0 : This class is impossible to get a good score on. This was my first time taking a class with her and if you are not a veteran student for her, she will give you horrible grades. Unless you know her style and how the tests are, the quarter will be torture!
5.0 : SHE'S ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!! This was my first time taking a class with her and she had a "mom" vibe - caring and funny while giving some good lectures! She's very personable and friendly, encouraging students to send in requests for songs even. The tests were pretty easy and you MUST SHOW for lectures or else you'll struggle!
2.0 : She does not record her lectures so you have to show up everyday. Also she doesn't like using the mic so you have to ask her to use it or else you won't be able to hear her. She gives out long readings but you can live without reading them because she goes over them in class. For tests you have to write definitions verbatim to her definitions.
2.0 : It seemed like professor Frost did not care about the content she was teaching. She had very dry and boring lectures. The tests were pretty easy. Make sure you are very detailed in your short responses on the tests!!!
1.0 : Her slides have barely any content and are very sloppy. She wastes class time by rambling about examples instead of actually fully explaining concepts. Going to quiz section was only reason I learned anything concrete. This class is appealing to some because it has barely any workload, but lectures are extremely boring. Tests are straightforward.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable and helpful instructor. She is very well versed in her field. Also, a helpful and approachable professor
5.0 : She is an amazing, knowledgeable professor.
5.0 : This was my favorite class. Professor Frost is extremely kind and cares about her students. We just had one short two-page paper, midterm, and final. If you study her slides, you will get an A.
5.0 : Love Professor Frost's classes! I've taken three with her and want to take more. She's a great lecturer and has great exam formats, normally pick 14 out of 17 short answers. I definitely look for her classes every time I go to register!
4.0 : Great lectures! Super clear and easy to understand. Frost is so easy-going and will tell you how it is while staying true to the facts. Not very many assignments, relevant content, and overall pretty interesting. I recommend.
3.5 : She was very nice, and she responded to emails quickly. However, her powerpoints were not helpful unless you wrote down everything she wrote with her stylus (those little hints she would write didn't end up on the class site with the power point slides). Her tests were either not time-friendly or they emphasized what she went over two days before.
5.0 : Lou was so much fun to take for Intro to Surface Design! My friends and I called this class "professional tie-dye class" but really lots of fun. You will need to stay on top of out of class projects, studio gets full on the Sunday before projects are due. But be nice, give effort, and CLEAN and you'll walk out with an A regardless. Only 4.0 at UW.
5.0 : Jen is an amazing teacher. She's very enthusiastic and helpful. She provides excellent feedback!
5.0 : I would not take this class if I had the chance to pick again. She is an incredibly hard grader and turns the interesting information you are learning into something you hate learning about because you are so worried about understanding it the way she wants you too. She also is trying to cram so much info into the class that it kills you.
5.0 : Loved Jenn! This class was extremely fun, a lot of lectures but also movies and group discussions. Her assignments are very fun and you look forward to doing them. Photo essay, 1-minute short film and so on. She is a very hard grader though and if you dont do the reading you will not do well on the tests (mid-term and final). Great class!
5.0 : She is a really great teacher but her class is extremely tough. You better not have a job, friends, girlfriend, or other classes if you wany an A. The reading material can be interesting but goes on forever and the homework is fun but she grades so hard that you have a hard time enjoying what you are doing.
4.5 : I absolutely loved having Professor Scott as my prof for this class, and I plan to take another one of her classes. She's simply wonderful! Her lectures are very interesting  and she's extremely passionate about her subjects. Participation does matter, at least in this class, but trust me, you'll love coming to her class!
4.5 : Terry is awesome! She gives you study guides for the midterm and final, so you know exactly what will be on there, and she also has some extra credit that she throws out once in a while. Some of the material is really interesting, and she's always available if you need extra help. If you keep up with the work, you'll get a   high 3.5 or higher.
4.5 : Great class.  Make sure that you study for the exams or you will not do well.
5.0 : Terry is an amazingly kind woman. She is there to help you with whatever you need, and has amazing insight into the topics we learned about. The class itself is very straightforward. It is easy to succeed if you read the assigned reading, pay attention in lecture, and study for the exams. I loved this class. I would recommend it to everyone.
5.0 : Professor Terry Scott is a wonderful instructor. She's articulate, knowledgeable, and inspiring in her lectures. Her courses aren't easy As, but she ensures that you have all the tools you need to succeed. With study guides really close to the final exams, so long as you come to class every day, you will do just fine--she'll see to that.
5.0 : In this class you could tell Professor Scott was passionate in what she was teaching. She did everything she could to help the students, whether extra credit, study guides, review sessions, and answering questions, she offered it all. She really cares for the students and the material is interesting as well.
5.0 : Amazing professor, as long as you do the work and the reading, you'll get a good grade. She's super nice and knowledgeable, if you need help, she'll be there for you. 10 out of 10. You HAVE to take a class from her before you graduate!
5.0 : Hands down, Professor Scott is one of the best professor's at UW. If you get the chance, take any class from her. You learn so much from her engaging teaching style, and the readings are always interesting. She is always available for extra help, and is extremely kind.
5.0 : Expect to read a lot. That being said if you're at all interested in the struggle of minorities or just don't want the Disney version of history take a course with Professor Scott. Like most reviews say, she's passionate, smart, and truly seems to care not just about the subject but us as students. She's an amazing professor. You won't regret it.
5.0 : Professor Scott is an amazing teacher and woman. Scott's lectures are engaging and inspiring and she has an eloquent and compelling speaking style and presence. She is compassionate and interested in her students' thoughts and ideas and makes it easy to speak up in her class. She assigns a lot of reading but makes it worthwhile. She's great. :)
4.0 : Wonderful woman Terry Scott is. She obviously loves her job and wants us to learn. However, I don't have any real interest in the topic of the class she taught so I didn't like it all that much. She made it bearable. Make sure you go to class everyday &amp; do the readings! Her tests aren't that difficult &amp; she gives good feedback. Fun professor.
4.0 : Civil Rights and Black Power. Very helpful and always available when you need to talk, even though she's so busy. Lectures seem like they were memorized and practiced, and I mean that in a good way. You should come to class every day and put in effort, however. Worth mentioning that she's a lovely person. You will be expected to be in small groups.
5.0 : Really fun and easy class/professor. Basically: class average was a 3.5 and I got a 3.8. Average midterm and final scores was 21/25 pts each, but do the readings and review and you'll ace it. Lots of class discussion, but it seems pretty easy to get a good participation score. Easy to get a good grade on the cases and team project too.
5.0 : Ryan is a great professor. He is engaging! It seems intimidating when he says participation is 15% of your grade, but honestly, everyone ends up with pretty high scores. What really makes a difference are the tests and group project. Compared to other classes in Foster, I was shocked by my grade. Felt like I was going to get a 2.8 but got a 3.4.
5.0 : Ryan was a really good lecturer, everything he talked about flowed really well and made perfect sense. There is lots of group discussions in class, in small groups and as an entire class, but they're not super difficult. One group project that wasn't bad at all, just make sure your idea is innovative and you will do fine.
5.0 : The best proffesor and he is very helpfull, his class is very intersting. He explains subject very well.
5.0 : Best teacher I've ever had!
5.0 : Nicest professor I've had at UW! He knows his stuff! Must take.
4.5 : Professor George is so enthusiastic about the content of her classes that lectures are super interesting. She is so knowledgable in her field and I appreciated how open she was to student interpretations of readings. Her classes aren't hard if you do the readings and go to most classes (she usually give you 4 skip days). Overall, she's great!
4.5 : gives really clear and helpful comments about what she expects on essays. She is really passionate about every stories we're reading in class and values students' ideas
5.0 : She's a wonderful professor.  She is great at stimulating discussion with the assigned short stories and really presents some thought-provoking ideas.  It's been a pleasure to take her class.  This class is easy if you engage with the material!
5.0 : I'm so glad I took a class with professor George my senior year. She is so gifted at extracting meaning and themes from literature and film that I learned much more in this class about analyzing lit than I did in most of my other English classes. She is super funny.
5.0 : Such an amazing, charismatic professor. She brings passion and excitement and works diligently to make the discussions interesting. In addition, she really invests the time to answer questions and provide help and feedback to major essays. I definitely recommend her for any subject.
4.0 : Definitely the type of professor you'll never forget. She's a bit of a quirky, but not necessarily in a bad way. The class itself (ENGL407) is really interesting. However, if you're not good at analyzing literature for details that reveal a deeper meaning to the story (the curtains are blue because he's sad, etc), then don't take the class!
5.0 : Laurie is just about the nicest person to ever exist and genuinely cares about her students. She will like you if you make an effort to participate in class discussions. I highly recommend showing up because it will help a lot when midtermsfinals roll around.
1.0 : She has us read 2 textbooks by ourselves and somehow expect us to know the whole content without really going over them. She talks way too much about the introduction of movies and stories that we really do not need to know and only focus 20 minutes or so on talking about analysis. This class easily can be 1.5 hours either than 2. Don't take this.
4.0 : Professor George is a character. Two hour lecture and sometimes it was solely her dancing around the room trying to prove a point. Seemed as if there was no structure to the class at all and at times it seemed like she was making it up as she went along. Overall, still a very nice woman who wants to help you succeed. Not for everyone.
5.0 : She was a great professor and facilitated a lot of thought-provoking discussions during her lectures! She genuinely cares and sets aside time before major papers are due just to talk to students about what they want to write, which is a huge help. She gives you like 3-4 skip days but she sometimes gives out pop quizzes on the reading.
2.0 : I had high hopes for this class and was really disappointed. I did not like her lecture style, her ability to give alternative explanations was poor (she basically says the same thing for 10 minutes), there wasn't a clear review on test topics, and overall I thought organization was very poor. Great lady, but should have been 200 level class.
2.0 : Professor George is a very sweet and approachable person. She would lecture us for most of class, which became tedious. She tries to sound so academic and philosophical that her arguments start sounding like she is just making them up as she goes along. I didn't have to work hard in this class, but I didn't enjoy it or learn much.
4.0 : She is a very nice lady. Lectures are long but clear and she knows her stuff. Also, she doesn't wear a mic so sit in the front if you want to hear her voice clearly.
4.5 : Professor Welland is an exceedingly reasonable and sweet person. She's really helpful and understanding. Her lectures can get long, but are usually interesting enough. There's quite a lot of reading but you aren't really penalized for not doing 100% of it. I would love to take her class again.
5.0 : One of the best classes I have taken. She's a great professor. Note that this does not mean the class is easy, you need to do the readings.
4.0 : This class challenged me and stretched my thinking everyday. There was A LOT of reading, sometimes too much, but Professor Welland is extremely passionate and well-versed in her subject.
5.0 : Dr. Welland is a great professor. She is very passionate about what she teaches, which shows in the way she discusses the material. Classes are mainly discussion based and she allows everyone to express their opinion without judgement. By far the nicest professor I have had at the UW, and would absolutely take a class with her again.
5.0 : Professor Welland gives amazing and informative lectures. She is willing to help everyone with anything. Very approachable, makes everyone comfortable in class. Grades fairly. Lots of reading, a few tests, and a paper, but if you pay attention and attend class it isn't a problem to get good grades. Would take more classes from her.
5.0 : Galib is a great guy. He explains concepts until everyone gets them, and holds in class office hours. If you read the book and do the homework prior to the lecture you should be fine.
5.0 : Absolutely great guy, solid lecturer, very interesting background and fun tangents. Class is not curved and 90% I'd tests), but even the slightest bit of preparation can get you in mid 3 range. Super reasonable expectations.
5.0 : The instructor is absolutely a great guy. The lecture is easy to understand and helpful for the exams.
3.0 : I honestly don't know how I passed. But i certainly did not like the class. The tests and quizzes are tough. Its mainly multiple choice and out of the choices there are ALWAYS two that could be right. So thats what screws you.
5.0 : FANTASTIC!  Javier is a great professor. Though he has a little accent, you can still understand everything he says once you get used to it (it's easy to do). There are 4 quizzes and 2 non-cumulative exams in the quarter, and you can drop the lowest quiz score. I got a 4.0 with reasonable effort. I would give up A LOT to get in his class.
2.5 : If you like a teacher that skips class and doesn't care about your grade than this is your guy. Worst teacher I have ever had in my whole college career...I would have preferred my money back. If you want a crappy grade and to lower your GPA than take his class. He's a nice guy and means well but is NOT helpful. BAD TEACHER!
5.0 : This guy is a class act... I call him the Russell Wilson of UW. He is helpful, he cares, he understands, he is DA MAN !!
4.0 : Mixed feelings. He was gone the first few weeks of the quarter which was annoying. The quizzes are tougher than I would imagine and tests are ok - at least they represent class material. towards the end I went to him for more help and he is really great one-on-one.
4.5 : Very clear, helpful, and organized. Take notes, do his handouts, and ask questions at lecture. People who study do well in his class, but you can't be a slacker.  He is a really nice guy, but you have got to study - not a super easy A!
5.0 : Javier is a boss. He is very helpful and nice. The class is fairly easy if you pay attention and read the book. Although his lectures are nearly identical to the textbook, it helps to see the material twice and he is there for help if you need it. I would highly recommend his class
5.0 : Javier was the best teacher that I have had yet.  He explains things properly and will make sure you understand everything.  If you put in a small amount of effort you will easily do well in this class.
5.0 : Professor Javier is a really nice guy. His lectures are clear, and his explanations really made those tough stuffs about econ became more lively and closer to life. And many of his points are inspiring. He is always ready to help. Talk to him and you will realize he is really nice. Quizzes and exams are a little bit tricky.
1.5 : IF you are NOT a good test taker, DO NOT take this professor or else you could FAIL miserably because the ONLY thing he grades are tests and quizzes which are 35% of your grade. Also has a strong Spanish accent. Ignore what people said about fun class because it's not worth your time and money.  If you want to learn economics, Youtube is more clear
5.0 : Javier is one of the best professors I've had at UW. He cares about his students and wants you to succeed. I hardly used the textbook at all because his lectures were enough to learn the material. (also the textbook sucked) Best way to succeed is to do his handouts homework; test questions are sometimes literally the same questions as the hw.
4.5 : One of the best professors I have had at UW! He wants all of his students to succeed and is always willing to help if you need it. He will take time out of your day to meet and help when needed. His homework is optional but DO IT because the test are just like the homework!!
5.0 : Javier was an amazing teacher. He's so nice, and he does want you to succeed. Easily the best teacher I've had at UW. Economics 300 is pretty tough to begin with, but his clear explanations and practice exams he posts online really helps you learn the material. While the textbook was never used in this class, I'd highly recommend going over it.
5.0 : Kendall is a great professor! Expect to show up to class since she has Exit Slips (count for participation). There are a few group projects and a few papers to do in this class. Her grading criteria is clear and she is always available to help answer questions after class.
5.0 : He is very helpful and patience to the students. He is teaching at University of Minnesota now.
4.5 : He is at University of Minnesota now. Great lecturer.
4.5 : Berman was a great introductory structures professor. There's a lot of material and his class and tests are hard, but he sets you up well for continuing in structures. Also super easy to talk to if you have questions.
5.0 : Very clear lecturer with good explanations. He has a way of making derivations of important principles make sense and giving students the necessary conceptual framework to solve problems. Exams are long so get used to solving problems fast. My only major issue was that Canvas homework assignments often initially had an incorrect answer or two.
4.0 : She is an amazing teacher! She is young so she understands her students. She explains everything very clearly. She is very helpful and is easy to talk to. I really respect her and her teaching style. I am now considering minoring in writing because of her. She believes that you can always improve yourself no matter how "smart" you are.
4.5 : This class requires you to participate. We did a lot of group work in class which is great and I liked. Some of the readings are long, they could be from 4 to 20 pages. She gives great feedback and is very helpful if you don't understand something. Being in class is very important.
5.0 : I don't care what you're doing drop and take her class! It's worth the extra to get the 4.0. Her class is the best I've ever taken! I will take many more as much as I can
5.0 : Shes amazing. Sincerely listen to me. You wont regret it
5.0 : Alison loves using the grading contract.  This allows students who are weak in writing to actually develop and learn how to write without the fear of a low grade based off performance.  You are graded by turning the assignment in on time and doing it exactly as she asked.  She will give you feedback so you can learn from it.  She is very fun too!
5.0 : She is so helpful and very clear on her expectation. If you work hard and will get a A
5.0 : Read two dense textbooks, front to back, in the first half of the quarter, but Alison does an amazing job making sure students understood the context. I've never met a professor so excited and passionate about her job. She created a class that was talkative, supportive and comfortable enough to share their artistic sides. Chili pepper!
4.5 : There are classes that you have to look back on and wonder: "Was what I did even considered work?" Alison understands that blend of applying the course load and curriculum into applicable situations, making it easier to understand. Super approachable, patient, and knows how to connect with students. Bummed to not have her again next quarter.
4.0 : Alison has a great sense of humor.  She definitely relates to the students more than a typical professor.  She is very understanding of anyone's confusion, and clarifies them.
5.0 : Alison is awesome! It's very straight forward course. There are a lot of class/group discussions. The projects she assigns allow you to be creative &amp; have fun while doing it! I recommend doing the extra work to get the 4.0 in the class, it's well worth it! One of the best classes I've ever taken!  I would definitely recommend her class!
2.5 : She has a bubbly personality and she is very considerate when the student has a hard time in English or doesn't understand the assignment. She also understands some students are shy but doesn't hold that against them for participation grade. Great teacher!
4.0 : Went into the class nervous, but she was super cool and makes sure that everyone is understanding the criteria that she covers. Also really cool that she's going to graduate school, so she's a student, and was able to relate to us a little better than other professors.
5.0 : Straight forward. Her class is worth it, and the work is all worth it.
5.0 : Mrs. Alison is super nice, funny and enthusiastic. She is open to help you. You must come to class because she gives participation points. Awesome teacher!
4.0 : I enjoyed this class! Attendance is mandatory, however it was really useless so I wish I could have just worked on my assignments during the time instead! She is super nice though, and really positive!
2.0 : Apparently he was once a really great professor.  That was before tenure I suppose.  He doesn't seem to care about the class at all, and homework assignments are recycled between courses, with many vague solutions with numerous mistakes.  Homework problems are recycled on the tests so easy to study.  SHOW ALL YOUR STEPS/DERIVATIONS! No partial cred
1.0 : I'm not sure where all these glowing reviews come from because Bryan is not even close to being a remotely good teacher. He skips over subjects that are on your exams, isn't clear about what he does teach, and goes on about his armed forces career.
1.0 : It's very suspicious that almost all of the good reviews for this professor are done in groups on the same day. My experience with Mr. Goda were lukewarm. Had he actually taken the time to explain the content for the class rather than skim over concepts, I would have got a better grade. I studied for hours just to make up for what I didn't learn.
5.0 : Great Teacher !!!!!!
5.0 : Underrated and highly recommended!
2.5 : He is knowledgeable, but has been doing this for so long that I think he has stopped caring very much. He skims over much of the material and expects that the students should already know most of it. Will answer questions if asked, and is fun in class. Super easy grader to the point that I don't feel I earned the grade I received.
5.0 : Dr. Goda has an open door policy and is devoted to his students.  He usually has a smile glued to his face.  If you don't get a good grade in his class, you didn't try.
4.0 : Goda is a solid professor. Really enjoy his lectures but the tests can be tough.
5.0 : AWESOME!
5.0 : Definitely would take him again, cool, funny professor.
5.0 : Amazing instructor. Very good teacher, and really funny. Cares about students learning from the course and being able to apply things learned to projects in the future.
5.0 : At first I didn't like his teaching style, but he's operating on the assumption that you've actually READ the assigned reading - you know, what you're supposed to do as a student - and goes into more depth from there. Funny guy, really easy grader despite the sometimes daunting homework and exams. open book/note/internet
4.0 : Great professor for an early class. Lots of enthusiasm, great at explaining concepts in various ways. Very nice and goofy guy who knows his stuff. Sometimes just skims over material, but will explain it if you ask him to.
2.0 : Most people say Goda is an easy teacher but if you are aiming for a 4.0, it's not easy to get in his class. I didn't like Goda very much. He doesn't take class time seriously, he jokes around and gets off topic a lot. He doesn't explain things enough or very well. Also, his tests are hard! I would not recommended this teacher.
1.5 : I enjoyed the subject and got a good grade because I studied the textbook thoroughly. Goda is knowledgeable but doesn't care about teaching. He only gives a VERY brief overview of each topic. If you ask him a question he's annoyed or hostile.  Exams are tough but open bookinternet so it's hard to fail. Take the class with him but teach yourself.
1.5 : Terrible instructor. Is not even remotely interested in teaching others. All learning will come from you. I suggest if you have to take this course read the book thoroughly. Easy grader, boring lectures, easy exams, moderately tough final. Go to all lectures.
4.0 : JM is a great teacher, really passionate about poetry. My only issue is that they are constantly bringing politics into class. Every class involves politics and I feel that I cannot say anything in contrast. If it weren't for this issue JM would be a near perfect teacher
5.0 : Janie Miller is a great teacher, get ready to think and discuss as she asks for opinions and feedback in a seminar type of class.
5.0 : One of the best professors i've ever had at  UWT. She loves what she does and is extremely good at it. I've found a greater appreciation for writing and poetry after taking two courses with her.
4.5 : Janie made poetry useful and exciting in this class. I have taken 2 other classes for her but this was by far my favorite. She has her own style and preference but encourages you to find your own voice and pushes you to use it even if it's nothing like hers. Always available and passionate about her subject. Encourages the students to be passionate
5.0 : Janie created a safe and supporting community in the class. She has helped me find my writing style for poetry.
5.0 : This was an Eco-poetry class. Since having Janie as an instructor, my eco-poem are less didactic and more meaningful. She encourages students to write from the heart. Unlike many professor, she has offered source and information about publication for those whose career revolve around writing.
5.0 : I am not a person that rights poems at all, but Janie Miller was great at helping me and I did real well. She is the type of teacher you enjoy going to class for and spending the time. But don't get me wrong, you will do the work and she will make you earn it, but in the end you feel good about it.
5.0 : JM is an inspiring, nice, and funny professor! Class was super chill, and we learned the basics of creative non-fiction writing. Went to TAM for a field trip. Main assignments are 3 essays, light readings, a few small write-ups, and a presentation. However, they didn't grade anything until the *VERY* end of the quarter. Overall would recommend!
5.0 : The class itself was great and JM was a great professor. They had all the materials and tools you needed in order to succeed in the class. There were 3 major essays and a digital presentation, along with a few short readings and writing exercises. The only issue was not knowing my grade throughout the quarter until basically grades were turned in.
5.0 : I have so much admiration for Janie. She truly is inspirational teacher. This advanced poetry class was my second with her, and not my last. If you're really interested in pushing your writing, specifically poetry, take this class. You'll work hard, but it'll be worth it.
5.0 : Professor Miller does a great job inspiring students to write by broadening their perspective on life and incorporating something new to writing skills/style
5.0 : Best poetry teacher ever. I looked forward to coming to this class every day. Her techniques are efficient and fun. The work load was easy. I can't wait to take the advanced course.
5.0 : JM Miller will make you a better writer if you show up and listen.
5.0 : JM is an inspirational human being. They genuinely care about students in and outside of the classroom. They explain difficult writing techniques in beautifully abstract ways that allows students to truly understand the genre that is being taught. They recognize talented students and aid in their desires for publication and awards.
5.0 : I never took intro to creative nonfiction, but Janie made sure I had enough resources and tools to be comfortable among the other advance students. Janie successfully made me, a fiction writer, fall in love with nonfiction, and I now find myself reading essay pieces on my leisure time. She's every writer's "spiritual animal"
5.0 : This was an independent study course, focusing on poetry. Janie was supportive, caring, attentive and encouraging with the topic I chose to write my chapbook on. Her teaching process will undoubtably make anyone a better writer!
5.0 : Poetry is a scary thing, especially to students who aren't use to writing anything creative. Miller has workshop that is safe and constructive. She has a great talent to bringing students creative side out.
5.0 : If you have a chance to take advanced non fiction with Janie, do it. It was a wonderful class. We learned about the different forms essays can take, and we finished the class with a creative photo essay final that allowed us to experiment with our writing and see what we were capable of.
5.0 : JM is a wonderful prof. They're an incredible poet, very kind and conscientious person, passionate about what they teach, and so kind and encouraging. Their expectations are clear when need be, and open to interpretation/creativity elsewhere. Fair grader, high but reasonable expectations. Cares about individual students. They're great!
4.5 : Awesome teacher! The class introduced me to city planning and what urban means. Lively lectures, fun field trip, and quiz section is super easy/fun!
5.0 : Mark was an awesome professor! He really made class interesting and fun. I'm really glad I took this introductory class; actually makes me want to switch majors! I wish all professors had as much energy and enthusiasm for their subjects! I highly recommend this class. You learn so much general information that you can take with you!
4.5 : Super enthusiastic professor. His lectures are almost never boring. I took this class because I needed an I&amp;S credit, but I am so glad I took it because of how interesting the class was. It's definitely NOT a hard class either! Just make sure to go to every lecture to keep up with what topic you guys are on, and do the reading assignments!
5.0 : Dan is a sweetheart - one of the best profs I've ever had. Very excited about the material. Cares deeply about students and gives great feedback.  Also willing to take constructive criticism. Always available for extra help. Group project was well thought out and went smoothly. No exams. Very fun, easy to do well if you study. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Seidler's class is great. He's obviously done a ton of research in the renewable energy field because he has information about every question a student asked him (and I was fact-checking on my laptop during lectures!).   This class is almost all online quizzes and the grading is lenient enough to bomb a couple here or there and get an A (4.0).
4.0 : Really like the lectures. Class gives great insight on how the world works and potential problems we might face in the future. A physics class without the typical hard physics math and more on based on real world estimates and predictions. I would definitely recommend taking the class as.
4.0 : I felt that the course material from 122 was very difficult, but Seidler tried his best to make the most of class. He was very helpful and friendly, always open to answering questions. Lectures were pretty interesting, but I wish that he had gone over more examples similar to that of the homework and tests.
3.5 : Seidler is a great professor that knows what he is doing. He is always asking if students understand the material in lectures. His tests are hard and don't involve any number crunching, just conceptual. However, they are fair, just need to study for it though
5.0 : First thing he said on the first day was "Welcome to Sociology 101!" which set the humorous tone for the quarter. Test questions involve symbols rather than numbers, but will greatly test your algebra and calculus. Each exam has a problem where you write out the steps to solve and then execute the method. If you study hard, you are good to go.
3.0 : On his own, Seidler was not a terrible lecturer.  He was enthusiastic and did a good job of explaining concepts.  However, the class structure was horrible.  The pre-readings, lectures, homeworks, labs, and tutorials seemed to be on a different timeline topic wise.  Also, Seidler did not give us the equation sheet until a few days before the final.
4.0 : Really great lecturer and full of energy. His exams usually focus on your conceptual understanding of the material and barely involve any real-number calculations (except for the lab portion). He'll really test your ability to manipulate variables from formulas, make assumptions, and use the correct methods to solve problems
4.5 : Prof Seidler is the best physics professor at the University of Washington that I have had (I have had roughly a dozen). His explanations are completely rigorous, and they are crystal clear, on par with those of Feynman and the great lecturers. You are a smarter human being every lecture, and after will find the textbook supports everything stated.
3.0 : Seidler may explain the concepts well, but he is incredibly condescending during lecture so avoid asking him questions or participating unless you know what you're talking about. Exams are mostly conceptual and test problem-solving ability, which involves utilizing variables. Very practical but this was my least favorite part about the course.
5.0 : Great lecturer. Being able to answer questions on the spot really shows his insights on the subject.
1.0 : the lectures are NOT panopted so you have to go to class. tests are very conceptual with a lot of variable manipulation. a lot of class time is wasted on topics not necessary to course. moves very quickly in lecture. read assigned chapters BEFORE class or you will be extremely lost and read the textbook thoroughly, many tests are from the book
4.0 : PHYS 122 is a tough class, but Professor Seidler is effective in his instruction and clearly explains the concepts. His tests are all conceptual based questions rather than calculation based questions (once in lecture he said he hates calculation based questions), and lectures are not recorded so attendance is mandatory.
4.0 : French classes are normally fairly small, so I felt like Sarala got to know her student very well. In class each day, you would be called on at least once. From the very first day of class, you were speaking and listening to French. Expect online homework and written responses, a midterm, and multiple quizzes/  verb quizzes. Overall, great class.
5.0 : I love her! She tries very hard to make it worth your time to come to lecture! Very funny, helpful and supportive. I recommend that you take her course if you can!
5.0 : Jodi is very helpful and passionate about her field. She does a great job of preparing you for a career in education. Her lectures are engaging, but there is a lot of partner/group work. She takes attendance via daily exercises.
5.0 : Jodi is the best!! Her lectures are long but very entertaining and she knows how to keep you engaged. Participation matters (you get points for attendance). There are 2 papers, 3 quizzes (you get a sheet of notes), and a final project. She is very fun, communicated the material well, and I learned a lot!
5.0 : Show up to class every day, do the readings, and put some amount of effort into the projects and it's an A. Jodi is friendly, understanding, approachable, and really tries to make sure students understand what she is teaching by using lots of (not-boring) real life examples.
5.0 : Wow. Best professor I had at UW. Her classes are designed with a full lecture with group discussions in every class meeting. Very predictable and consistent. Her lectures are long but she covers pretty much everything the book covers - uses personal stories and examples and she is so fun and exciting! I would fight to have her as my professor!!
5.0 : Jodi is great! Passionate about her work &amp; students. She goes over all the material you need to know for exams in her lectures. Going to class is key because it is part of your grade to be there. Don't need the textbook to be successful. You do pay for a virtual child for part of your assignment which is $40!
5.0 : She's crazy awesome and has a very preschool teacher personality. I love her to death. Really easy classes. Usually have participation points so coming to class reflects most of your grade.
5.0 : Jodi is amazing!! So sweet and caring. She is always there for you and willing to work anything out. This class is really interesting and an easy A. 2 essays, 3 quizzes, and a short presentation. Definitely recommend this class to anyone in any major!
5.0 : Jodi is awesome! She gives a lot of readings, but they are pretty interesting. You will need a book for her quiz 1, and after that you don't have to read a thing from the class because they are all open book from that point. She also tends to have this uptalk that it sounds like she is singing opera when she talks. Good prof !!!
5.0 : Jodi was AMAZING. she somehow made a class that was 2.5 hours long go by quickly. i learned so much and 4.0'd the class without too much effort. take Jodi!
5.0 : Easiest 4.0 ever. Gives a good amount of extra credit, but you do have to attend lecture because participation points are given every day. Only three quizzes and some very easy projects/papers. Minimal time commitment. I probably spent only an hour each week studying outside of class. Jodi is so nice and genuinely cares about her students.
5.0 : She is hands down, one of my favorite professors! She's amazing and inspirational. Her lectures are very interesting to listen to and the class activities are fun
5.0 : Fantastic teacher! Went into class for an easy A, got an amazing experience instead (in addition to the A of course)!  Highly recommend this teacher! A pleasure to work with! Class is incredibly fun!
5.0 : Great Teacher
4.5 : I think she is a great teacher and the class was very easy. I felt like I had to teach myself a lot because it was all based off of an online program associated with the book. I would take more of her classes, and i did better in the class then i thought i would. Tests are only worth a small amount of grade
4.0 : This was a 2 hour C/NC class.  3 chapters of homework a week with 6 worksheets in each chapter to do. That is probably 5 hrs of homework a week and 2 large projects on top of that. During class all you would do is go over homework so it was a complete waste of time.  I would never take Leadership: People Skills ever again. Worst 2hr C/NC course.
5.0 : Such a fascinating teacher to listen to. She really knows what she is talking about.
5.0 : Great professor with tons of real world experience, can come across as condescending, but truly cares about her students. Likes to assign lots of reading and "deep thinking" assignments.
5.0 : She is one of the best business professor ever! She's very kind and will ask you how you did on your test and will certainly help you if you ask. Her tests are tough, and there are homeworks everyweek as well as group projects. Still, she is a great professor! Would take her class again.
5.0 : She is by far the best professor here at the UW Bothell. Her lectures include a lot of her personal experiences and she even adds some humor here and there. She is the reason I chose Business as my major. If you learn her life story, you will be amazed.
1.0 : I was hoping to learn a lot unfortunately she hardly spoke about topics we were covering in our 3 text books instead she told stories of her past jobs which was less than helpful. When she did discuss the topics we were covering it was not until the day the assignment was due. Wouldn't suggest her class if you do don't miss any classes.
5.0 : Fantastic teacher. I now love lectures because of her amazing stories.
3.0 : Online quizzes every other week - supposed to be easy but refer to direct quotes from readings you could have done two weeks ago. There is quite a bit to read - but very interesting topics! 2 solo presentation and 2 papers. Didn't receive many grades until way after finals, so I wasn't given the opportunity to see how to improve if needed.
5.0 : Prof. Taylor is really kind and helpful. She has very interesting lectures but unfortunately has a rather soft voice which can make it hard to pay attention in class. Online quizzes which were easy as long as you did the reading and were in class, a couple papers that were not too hard. I highly recommend if you like medical anth.
5.0 : The best instructor in UW. Knowing Dennis has been one of the best things I've done as a student at UW. He really cares about what he teaches and his students. As for the readings, he doesn't expect students to know every single detail about it, but rather main points and author's arguments from them. If you do that you are in good shape.
3.0 : Dennis is a really nice guy but as a teacher he wasn't that great. He was unclear in his expectations for the midterm/final. He has you do these journals which are basically busy work. Lots of reading, some articles didn't seem that necessary. There is extra credit which is nice and I recommend doing it. Overall, it was a bad class.
3.0 : This class was really boring. However, an easy A at least. Did not do none of the readings, but end up getting a 3.8. Could have gotten a 4.0 if i have done a couple of extra credit essays. Overall, boring class but easy A if you do the work.
1.5 : Mirsaidi was the worst professor I've ever had. He doesn't teach you lessons, he reads off of powerpoints and then expects you to absorb all the information as well as understand the material. He never writes anything out, and will tell you if you ask him to, that its a waste of his time.
4.0 : Mirsaidi is a competent and knowledgeable Professor. However, he is merciless when it comes to exams. If you don't have mastery over the course materials, don't expect to get a B, let alone an A. He also gives pop quizzes and collects homework randomly. You're pretty much forced to attend his class or risk getting a 0 on a quiz or assignment.
4.5 : This professor is a clear-cut professor. He gives all the materials to prepare you for the exams. He is very straightforward, and likes to quiz on every chapter and they are not that long. Overall, he is a very helpful professor in office hours, he will accommodate his hours to help you. Just study and you will pass!
5.0 : Probably my favorite professor I have had so far at UWT. He cares so much about his students and tries very hard to make everything understandable and fair. Puts more effort into helping students than any other professor I have been around. He wants everyone to succeed and is enthusiastic about the subject. I recommend everyone to take his class.
5.0 : Though demanding, it is for your own good.  He cares about your learning and tries everything in his power to give you an incentive toward that goal.  If you attend every class, do all the homework assignments, participate in class and ask questions, and be prepared on a regular basis, you will succeed in his class.
5.0 : I had him for both ACCT220 &amp; 230 &amp; he was very strict on gradings for both classes. Don't let this stop you though! As long as you read the book, attend classes, &amp; work hard to finish your work you'll do well! He may seem tough at first, but it's only because he cares about the students succeeding &amp; actually learning. Good luck!
4.5 : Joy is a great teacher, she is very invested in the learning of her students and is fun. She makes coming to class everyday enjoyable.
4.0 : Ben really knows about his material in class. He can expand the materials into 2 hours lecture in the education field. But, sometimes, he is too fast and relate to so many things which make it quite hard to catch up. Overall, you just need to have a clear idea on the assignments and email him to ask any question regarding the paper.
5.0 : Passionate about what he teaches and wants to help!
5.0 : GREAT discussion facilitator
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class. The readings were very eye-opening, there isn't an assigned textbook, and as long as you come to class prepared to talk and do the assignments/papers you will do well. Ben helped contribute different ideas to the discussions and caused me to think outside of the box when thinking about education policy.
5.0 : Ben is extremely helpful in not only the course work but also, life in general. He's very understanding and facilitates great discussions. Sometimes he can talk a little too much but other than that a great class taught by a great person.
5.0 : Amazing professor, probably my favorite at UW. Prof Knight really knows what he's talking about. Class discussions were always engaging and interesting. Attendance &amp; required reading is a must!
5.0 : It's spring quarter now yet I find this seminar in fall so useful that I kept referring to my notes by then. Prof Knight's selection of reading is impressive, not to mention his clear and professional style. He's hilarious in a calm way and, REALLY nice if you take the class seriously.  Try to take his class even it's not your field
5.0 : Really enjoyed this class. It is his class for non-majors, and he has reasonable expectations. Class was interesting and engaging and he's funny. Got to work in the Special Collections library on a project which was fascinating. Would definitely recommend for majors and non-majors alike.
5.0 : Loved this professor- one of my absolute favorites.  The class was fascinating and the textbook is now one of my favorites. Will probably take another of his classes. Clear expectations, readings can be dry but his lectures are not, and anything you need to know will be in lecture on slides. Strongly recommend.
5.0 : This was my favorite class that I took at UW and I'm incredibly sad that I did not discover Professor Knight until the final quarter of my undergrad because I would have sought out other courses from him. Going into this class I thought I hated Shakespeare. Now that I am leaving it, I've learned to appreciate and even enjoy the 400 y/o plays.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at the UW. Really excellent lectures and good feedback on assignments. He will help you understand and appreciate Shakespeare even if you are resistant. Take his class!
4.0 : Good teacher. The material in this course was definitely not my forte, but Professor Greenbaum was always willing to answer questions, and explained the math very well. I hope I can scramble a C out of the final, if so, I'll be pretty happy. This was probably the hardest math class I've taken in years. I'm happy to have had prof G. for it.
4.5 : Found this class relatively easy. His lectures made me sleepy. Concepts are fairly easy so you can learn from textbook and hw. The 2 midterms are reasonable and easy if you do the hw and study a bit. Make sure to get 100% on the quizzes as there is no partial credit for the problems. HW was mostly from textbook. Lab depends on your group and TA.
4.5 : Lectures were clear but all he did was go over the example problems in the textbook so going to them wasn't necessary to pass. Concepts weren't too hard just do problems out of the book for practice. The 3 quizzes add up to 15% of your grade so don't mess up on them (no partial credit)
5.0 : I had Eunice for LATIN 101 &amp; 102 last year. She's great! Super nice and likable, teaches latin in a manageable way, and very understanding of mistakes. She cares about her students learning and will be there to help you. I loved her classes.
5.0 : Now I am in dental school I find Eunice's CLAS205 extremely helpful.  I don't have to spend extra time to memorize scientific terms like orthognath, retrognath, and prognath because the bases of these words directly tell me what they are referring to.  If you are a pre-dent or pre-med student, I highly recommend this class.
5.0 : Extremely kind and helpful. very understanding and flexible. If you do a little studying every night you'll learn a lot and get an easy 3.5-4.0
5.0 : He is resistant to those who take his class as an easy-A, but he doesn't make the class too hard. In his art courses, find and follow a passion and discuss with him your interests. Following the mechanics of an art form is only seen as a first step.  Nonetheless, he is very helpful in guiding this discovery, and I highly recommend his courses.
5.0 : Singlehandedly made me realize I am an artist! He may have just helped me find a new second career!  LOVE LOVE LOVE HIM!
5.0 : Very easy class. You have homework everyday, but they are sketches. He does give you extra credit, which are extra sketches in the drawing notepad. As long as you do all the homework and show up to class then you will be golden.
5.0 : If you have a chance to take Gary's University Beyond Bars class, jump at the opportunity. Very rewarding!
4.0 : Gary is an AMAZING guy. Very nice and caring. He gives a lot of homework which I feel is unnecessary for an intro class. But you dont have to be an amazing artist to do good in his class. Do the work, show effort, and you get the grade. If he gives you pointers/feedback try to take it and improve. A fairly easy A.
3.0 : Gary is cool, can be boring especially with his ppt lectures. I did not find that necessary for this class. Attendance is mandatory. I took his class starting at 18 weeks pregnant so it was difficult for me to come to class alot but he understood. You have hw everyday but you get into a routine and its easier.
5.0 : She has a way of explaining material that allows you to fully grasp new content. Her powerpoints are all available online and she gives out really great study guides for exams. Highly recommend.
4.5 : Professor Chaffee is a wonderful Lecturer and sets very clear expectations. Many complain about reading and note taking, but we are in a University. The reading is interesting and the lectures are given in multiple formats (video, power point, white board). She is kind enough to provide a study overview session in class. Very upbeat and funny.
5.0 : Leighann is amazing, if you are a psych major you must take a class from her! Her lectures are great, her grading is completely fair, her syllabus is clear and concise. She always answers questions clearly and is easily approachable.
5.0 : she is the best instructor I've had at uwt, she is very organized, clear on expectations and very clear on what she is teaching, the class seemed easy (in part because it's 100 level) but mainly because she was such a good teacher that it made it easy, would take again.
5.0 : Amazing professor! Lectures in class everyday (available online).  Powerpoints are so clear you don't even need to read the book. Tests, midterms, final, and essay are all easy if you just study and put in effort.  Professor is really nice, understanding, has an organized way of teaching, lectures are interesting. I would recommend to everyone!
5.0 : The tests are among the hardest I've ever taken. That said, Leighann does everything she can to make sure her students succeed. She also gives extra credit which helps out even more.
4.5 : Professor Chaffee is awesome! Her lectures are interesting and interactive. I learned so much and would highly recommend this class. As long as you show up and do the reading you'll be fine. She's helpful, fair, sets clear expectations, and super funny. I wish she taught more classes.
5.0 : I recommend Leighann to everyone. Her expectations were very clear from the first day, and I learned a lot from her.
5.0 : Leighann is one of the best professors I've ever had. She's very knowledgeable and her lectures were great! So glad I took this class.  I would take another class of hers next quarter, but the times don't fit wth my schedule :/
5.0 : Leighann is the best professor at UWT. This class was amazing, as all her other classes are. She is very funny and helpful. She's always available through email and very approachable. Yes, you must put in a ton of work but you'll earn an A if you study hard.
5.0 : Leighann is by far my favorite professor at UWT. She truly cares about our success and is really great at lecturing in a way that makes the content interesting and understandable. I really appreciate how involved she gets us and how enthusiastic she is about teaching. No trick questions on exams, fair grader, gives lots of hints, she's excellent.
5.0 : One of the best classes I've taken mainly because of Leighann's expertise. She is truly amazing and knows so much about neuroscience. It is tough material but there is no other instructor that can teach it as effectively as she does. She's a MUST TAKE! Hands down, best psych instructor.
5.0 : Leighann is one of my favorite psychology professors on this campus! I took her for Psychopharmacology and did not regret it! The class was based on 4 assignments, 3 exams, and participation points so you need to know what you're doing. In order to get those participation points, you must be in class. Difficult material, but she makes it easier.
5.0 : I would recommend any of Leighann's courses to anyone interested in Psych. She's very organized, helpful, and thorough with information. Nothing that isn't covered in class is on the tests, she in no way tricks her students. Do the study guides and you'll do great on her exams.
5.0 : Love, love, LOVE Leighann. Take her if you can. The workload in her classes is not overbearing, but you still need to learn and apply the concepts (as you should).  She has very clear grading criteria, is organized, and the most down-to-earth professor I've ever had. I've taken two classes with her now and I hope to take more.
5.0 : This is the fourth course I have taken with Professor Chaffee and I wish I could take a fifth! Leighann's class criteria is clearly explained and lots of supplemental information is given beyond the text (loves a good Ted Talk). Her guidance has opened up my perception of psychology and driven me to work harder as a student.
5.0 : I have taken a few of her classes and she is by far my favorite professor at this school. If you have the chance to take her do it! the classes are lecture based and all power-points are on the canvas page. study guides for exams are worked on the class before. Fair grader and classes are usually easy if you do the work.
5.0 : The power points gave mostly what needed to know for exams. I rarely touched the textbook. Assignements usually every other week. Readings every week. 3 exams.
4.0 : I've had Dr. Chaffee for 2 psych classes so far and she is very thorough in her knowledge and teaching. she follows her syllabus to the T and that, in part with attendance, makes it impossible to get lost with the content. Her lectures are all posted and she is easily accessible through email.
4.0 : I like her, and lectures are fun. Tests are not easy if you don't do you work. You do need to write couple essays but she is an easy grader,  except for the last paper.
5.0 : Most straightforward teacher in psych department. Lectures will tell you what you need to know on tests. Tests and papers are easier than expected. Easy grader in my opinion. Very professional.
5.0 : By far professor Chaffee's best class. This is her area of expertise and it definitely shows. Her passion and knowledge is so inspirational. All of her other classes are equally amazing. You'll always look back at a quarter in her class and be astonished by all you learned and all you accomplished.
4.0 : I took this intro to bioengineering course and it was a breeze. There are four assignments and a group project, all graded relatively easy, although the rubric can be hard to understand. The lectures are boring and you don't really learn much. Honestly, you don't even really need to go to class except for reading quizzes.
4.0 : Overall, BIOEN 215 with Prof. Taylor is a pretty easy class.  Assignments are tedious but she feels bad that people don't do well so she gives extra credit on almost all of them.  Her lectures are clear and easy to comprehend, but in "office hours" she comes across very harsh and doesn't seem to understand why you are confused.
5.0 : Alyssa was so nice and genuinely made an effort to get to know her students (even though the class was like 150 people).  She's engaging and inspirational.  If you're interested in or on the fence about BioE, this is the class for you.  If you already know you want to do BioE, it might be a waste of time if you have a lot of other classes to take.
4.5 : I am interested in going in to bioengineering so I found the class extremely interesting. The lectures are usually very interesting, I never fell asleep in class. The class is very simple, all you have to do is participate and you'll be fine. The reading quizzes are fairly simple, as are the assignments.
4.0 : Professor was extremely enthusiastic about BIOE. Didn't learn much from lecture but you're forced to go because of participation points.  Be aware, the assignments aren't hard, but there is a discrepancy between what the professor expects and how the TA's grade the assignments, as the TA's grade much harsher than what the rubric may say.
4.0 : The only thing this class accomplished was getting you excited for BIOE. Other than that there's not much substance to this class.
5.0 : shes so nice
5.0 : Alyssa really tries to connect with the students and does a really good job at it. There are reading quizzes about every other week but are usually one or two questions and are not difficult. It is a great entry level class to bioengineering and does a good job introducing what bioengineering is and the engineering design process.
5.0 : Very invested in making the class better and more interesting for students. Very approachable.
3.0 : She is a terrible lecturer. The class was basically common sense. Lectures contain absolutely no information and there are no exams (project-based class.) Unfortunately you need to go to lectures for participation points. Assignments are very tedious, except for the final project; I thought that was a very formative experience,
5.0 : He is such an amazing professor and I would love to have him as a professor again.
5.0 : Alan Michael is a wonderful professor! Extremely happy and inspirational, and he works hard to make all his students feel welcomed in his class. He opens your eyes to a lot of important issues, and his class makes you think and reflect on your own life and experiences. 10/10 would recommend taking!
5.0 : One of the best instructors I ever had. Taught me more than I expected to and cultivates open, caring environments in the classroom for people to make mistakes and learn from them.  Friendly, incredibly intelligent, fantastic!
5.0 : I really appreciated that Alan seemed to actually care about his students! Class was rigorous but enjoyable.
5.0 : Alan is great professor. Please view useful/not useful thumbs up ratios with a grain of salt. Many of the downvotes are due to a doxxing attack that has since been deleted.  Don't be discouraged from taking a class with him.
5.0 : Alan Michael is a passionate, inspiring teacher. I only had him for a French class a few years ago, but I will not forget his enthusiasm and dedication to teaching. He was very engaging in the classroom, and never did anything inappropriate or sexual, counter to rumors that people are trying to spread on the Internet.
5.0 : I loved taking Comparative Literature with AM, what an amazing human being! I would highly recommend that everyone should take a class lead by him. He really pushes you to think critically about yourself and about the world, fantastic.
5.0 : Alan-Michael is just wonderful! He is really open and easy to talk to. He obviously cares about his students, is super smart, and has interesting ways of getting ideas across. A fair grader too, who offers great feedback. He's the total package! Take his classes!!
5.0 : HE IS AMAZING! I 3 Him! There are so many mind-blown moments from taking his class, and I love his dramatic flair. He literally made me want to go to class everyday with him.
5.0 : Alan-Michael is a great teacher. He really cares about his students and makes sure that everyone is on the same page. He also gets to know them at an intimate level. Although I find french somewhat boring, he always finds a way to make the class fun and enjoyable. I really enjoyed his sense of humor. He's a fair grader too!
4.5 : Alan-Michael's teaching style is easy to follow and interesting. He listens, is easy to talk to and his office hours are very helpful. I really enjoyed the class (French 201).
5.0 : Wow. Firstly, this class was so interesting and eye-opening about the issues in our world, I highly recommend it for your C or W credits. Alan-Michael is so encouraging, gives good feedback, and doesn't give too much homework. The literature consists of short stories, movies, children's books, and were all mind-blowing and interesting.
5.0 : She is awesome. Step by step instructions, excellent organization and very helpful. Understand students that she even changed the due date because we had 2 midterms in that week.
5.0 : She gives good feedback and helps me a lot when I took her class, so if you are looking for writing classes, I think she will be a perfect choice.
4.0 : professor is very patient and helpful, seems to really care about the students progress in the class.
5.0 : Good discussions and interesting assigned reading. Julie cares about her students. She was flexible with attendence during midterms and finals too.
5.0 : Julie is really nice and patient. I strongly recommend her to other students. I am an international student but she spoke slowly in class. She also encouraged students to have a discussion. I think it is really worthy taking this course. It gave me confidence about writing. This course could be a good beginning of my university life.
5.0 : You can tell she really cares about her students. Is available for help whenever and makes everything really clear. The class was almost too easy though, I don't think anyone got below like a 3.5 or a 3.6.
3.0 : He doesn't put a lot of info on his slides so you really have to go to lecture to understand the content for quizzes. He lets you use a double sided page of notes for the quizzes which helps a little. Theres 3 quizzes which count for 45% of your grade and then 2 papers which are 25%. He's a cool guy though who obviously knows what hes talking about
3.5 : Nice guy, pretty knowledgeable on the subject. Lectures are long (almost two hours) but you only have them twice a week, which is nice. Allowed pages of notes for quizzesfinal so take advantage of that. Be warned: This class, for what I thought it was (fairly easy grade), is pretty heavy on the writing. Two papers and the final is pretty long
4.0 : Nathan is a great lecturer who gives very detailed explanations for his slides. He really helps you out as you get a full page (front and back) of notes to use on the 3 quizzes and final. Begin reading and finding quotes for the 2 papers as soon as the prompt is posted as this bogged people down who decided to wait. Would take again in a heartbeat!
5.0 : Best history professor I've had yet at UW, always helpful, great at stimulating class discussion, and clearly passionate about his subject: he knows it back and forth and doesn't have a problem admitting when he doesn't know an answer in class. I don't think you get better professors than Roberts, can't recommend highly enough
5.0 : Brandon is wonderful and very helpful. Lectures are very clear and organized, I loved the class! Very patient and helpful when I have questions. Best professor in UWB!
5.0 : I would say Brandon is definitely my favorite teacher in UWB. He is knowledgeable and he teaches students how to think and analyse in a business way. He is a lenient grader. If you show up in every his class and complete all assignments, you'll get a good grade.
4.5 : Brandon used case studies to teach management. It worked for me because I associated the concepts with a vivid scenario of some kind. Sometimes he will push on the class a bit, but then he'll give a bit too. I would take him again.
3.0 : Think he is under pressure to make his class harder. Arbitrary grading scales on company project. Very little patience to let you finish talking, would often cut people off. Arbitrary grading was received towards end of quarter, hard to change grades.
2.5 : After hearing all the great things about Brandon, I was surprised how much I disliked this class. He was not the easy grader everyone had told me about (and I'm usually a 4.0 student). His smug personality also rubbed me the wrong way. He would assign things without thoroughly explaining the concepts and then grade harshly. He's not for everyone.
5.0 : The best class!! Highly recommended.
4.5 : Easy grader &amp; easy class. But a lot of assignments. You need to prepare for it.
5.0 : Out of all the professors I've had at UWB, Brandon was the best! His teaching method is great. He lectures and and stimulates the class by having the class discuss the topic. Attendance is graded so don't skip. Lots of reading and writing required but he's an easy grader. One team assignment. No exams or presentations.Learned a lot from him!
4.5 : Professor Brandon is very approachable and kind. The materials presented are very interesting and he will make you think out of the box.
5.0 : One of the best professor's I ever had. He also teaches BBUS480. Try to avoid Chatterjee! Brandon is much more fun and interesting, you learn a lot more in his class. I wish he taught more classes. There was not textbook, just readings. We wrote a lot of essays but they were short. You also have to participate in class.
3.5 : Usually when U use canvas, a description of what U are supposed to do is on each assignment. In this cls, you'll see a blank page with a due date. You hunt through the syllabus, the schedule, and then the lecture slides trying to find what's due. You find it in a vaguely named lecture file. Then it tells you what to read, but not where to find it..
5.0 : Dont miss his class
5.0 : Best professor in UWB I've ever taken. Will explain anything no matter how many times you ask. Super helpful and understanding. Makes you think outside the box within the real world. The only class I actually learned something helpful.
5.0 : Brandon is the best professor at UW-B, enjoy him UW-T he is truly amazing. He uses case studies instead of textbook so you learn using real world examples. You must go to class and participate but he makes that easy. His lectures are interesting and engaging. Lots of papers but they are short and easy to write!
4.0 : Brandon is passionate and has a very good understanding of business. You will learn a lot, but if you are taking the capstone course with him, know this: -He makes you write a lot (5 essays total). -He is the harshest grader I've ever had. -Unlike most classes, you HAVE to do his readings. The reading concepts stay relevant for the entire course.
5.0 : Brandon is steady. Will push at times, but you can push back a little too - be engaged and the progress will come. Cases include risk-capital firms, and not just "widget" firms, so the spectrum is covered. Also, Brandon seems to connect with a wide variety of student types which is nice. The video essays are a nice chance to practice. Excellent!
5.0 : So far the best CSS teacher I had!! The lectures are clear, fun, there is a lot of activities, and he encourages students participation. He answers all students questions until they fully understand the material. There's a lot readings attendance in class counts toward the grade, don't miss! He has a lot of real world experience to share. AWESOME
5.0 : Yes he doesn't always say where the readings are, but everyone should know where they will be. Either the Harvard site or on canvas, its not that difficult. If you come to class he discusses everything you need to know and answers any and all questions. Awesome professor!
5.0 : Very nice guy who wants to see his students succeed. He is highly knowledgable about business and makes class engaging. I was in 3 of his classes at the ELC and definitely enjoyed them!
5.0 : Best instructor EVER! Clear on his grading criteria. Explain his lectures clearly and very detailed. You will learn a lot from his class. This is the 3rd class I took from Professor Fleming. Expect for homework, at least 2week.
5.0 : It seems I get to end my college career with one of the best teachers. Brandon is truly a treat! Lectures are fun and engaging, and you actually learn A LOT. No text-book, or test, but expect to readwrite a bit. No attendance required but grade will take a hit if you're not there. I wouldn't consider this an easy A, but it's well worth your time.
5.0 : Down to earth guy with a passion for understanding business, and cares about his students.
5.0 : If you like case studies and short papers, take him. Make sure you show up in every class. Best instructor in uwb.
4.5 : Fleming is by and large pretty great, I'd like to take him again. Being in class is pretty important since he goes over the material in every essay and homework assignment, so that's really helpful. Not too hard if you're willing to put the work in and pay attention to his feedback, which is usually pretty helpful. Slow grader though. Overall good.
3.5 : A lot of readings of cases and short answers for each and required to do 3 out of 4 essays. He assigns group work all the time and a group project that's done throughout the quarter. There's a lot of work to do, but it is not difficult just time consuming. He tries to make his lectures exciting and get the class to participate in  discussions.
4.0 : Great teacher. He practices what he teaches and every lecture is interesting and relevant. Group projects were awesome in this class because he puts group together based on personality types.   He is real, approachable, helpful, and fair. The subject matter is challenging for different people at different times and in a fun, educational way.
4.5 : Brandon is a great teacher and really cares about his students. He clearly is into teaching for the right reasons and can really give you good feedback and career help if you take the time to meet with him.
5.0 : Such a great teacher, I learned so much from this class. He makes the class really interesting, yes there is a lot of reading but his grading is fair. Definitely take him!
4.5 : For BBUS 470 &amp; 480, manage your schedule to get him for both, it will save you so much time and effort for the class. You spend the quarter showing up to class (mostly in your pre-determined groups), participating in his stimulating lecture, sometimes going to the board, and writing essays. Show interest in him and he respects you. Best Prof around
5.0 : I really enjoed his class.  A very talented teacher. However, get ready to read long Harvard School cases and every week you have to produce a 2 page essay. But if you are getting behind it is better to let him know ahead of time. I wish UW Bothell had more professors like him.
4.5 : Be ready to participate in his lectures, attendance is very important since he keeps track every class period and is accounted for your participation grade. Otherwise, very inspirational professor to have experienced. His teaching style is very engaging to where you will enjoy his lectures.
1.0 : WORST EXPERIENCE. It was text heavy with a requirement to read 200+ pages per week. Course load was equivalent to a masters class rather than an undergrad. Were required to do "video" essays as a precursor to "video job interviews" - been in the working world 6+ years and never had a video interview. Professor continually touted himself. RUN!!
3.5 : Super thick accent, and is also hard of hearing. BUT she's super helpful and solves a lot problems so you're not confused during the class. She's really sweet and an easy grader, quizzes are hard but aren't worth much of final grade, I highly recommend taking her
5.0 : I took her Math class at Lake Washington Institute of Technology. Supernice and helpful.
5.0 : This is very good PreCalculus  II Class at Lake Washington Institute of Technology. She  is an excellent instructor.  We solved lots of problems using  advanced mathematical modeling . We  covered many real life applications. I learnt a lot in this class.
5.0 : Incredibly engaging lectures, a great professor.
5.0 : Take advantage of office hours, it will really help with the final portfolio assignment.
4.5 : Ryan Youell is an excellent instructor. He was the first English teacher I have ever had that gave me analytical, concrete, constructive criticism on my writing style and essays. He made what I thought would be a boring class pretty interesting. He is very expressive and engaging. He always uses online materials so no textbooks are necessary.
4.5 : Straightforward prompts,midterm, final. Funniest professor I've had, always made class fun. Will go out of his way to help during office hours.
5.0 : Awesome teacher Best class and instructor I've taken at UW. Would gladly take again. He is hilarious, easy going, and easy to approach and talk to. Also understands how difficult it can be as a student and is always willing to work with you.
5.0 : He is the best English professor Ive had so far. He is able to come up with constructive suggestion as he is reading your essays. Utilize his office hours as it will help your essays, A Lot! Good luck!!!
4.0 : Personable, hilarious, teacher, good with small class size, keeps class interesting. 3 major papers for the quarter.  Schedules conferences for going over paper drafts so you don't have to go out of your way for office hours. Is hard on you during draft revision but you'll get a good grade on your final paper. No final exam.
1.5 : Nothing ever seems to be good enough for her, she asked very vague questions and then is not happy with any answer other than her own. This class is extremely unorganized and lacks consistent grading. She's nice, but I've learned very little and feel discouraged by her harsh grading.
4.0 : She's a good teacher. The class wasn't for me. But she was super helpful and nice. She made the class more interesting. I think she was a bit worn out this quarter (pregnancy). But she's engaging and well versed in the subject. Assignments are clear and she's passionate about her course.
3.5 : She's nice but not a super easy grader, you have to invest time in your projects to get a good grade. Got a 3.3, granted I could have done a lot more with my projects. We went on a pointless field trip to henry which was mandatory but had no real purpose. We didn't even get to see inside the gallery. I learned a lot about video though.
5.0 : I love Carrie. I took her my first quarter at UWB and have had her for three classes total. I am totally inspired in all of her classes and am so grateful I got to work with such a  wonderful professor.
5.0 : Dr. Harris is amazing to say the least. I have taken a variety of courses from her and have enjoyed each and every one. I find it a great skill to make academics fun, and she nails it! She knows her stuff, but also knows how to teach it in a way that engages her students. She is caring, kind, and hilarious. MUST TAKE :)
5.0 : I loved Dr. Harris' class because she was funny, knowledgable, and made learning fun with her slides. She will answer all questions and allows for comments during lectures, but also shuts down people who are talking too much, but politely. Her test are straight forward and follows her study guide. There are no trick questions and never any homework
5.0 : I have never felt more set up to succeed in a class before. Dr. Harris is extremely clear with her grading criteria and gives lots of extra credit and many opportunities to improve. Exams are easy, lectures are interesting, feedback on writing was excellent. The class is an easy A, but you still feel like you really applied yourself and learned.
5.0 : Dr. Harris is awesome. She is funny, knowledgeable, and always do the best she can. Her class is easy, test is follow her study guide, gives good feedback, participant matters and very interesting class. Recommended  for those of you in Psychology major.
1.0 : After taking at least 6 classes with Dr. Harris, I feel like her effectiveness as a college professor has decreased over time, and if I were still attending UWT, I would not take her class again.
1.0 : Dr. Harris's professionalism is questionable at times, making her hard to recommend to anyone looking to sign up for classes at UWT.
1.0 : I felt like Dr. Harris would try to embarrass students who didn't ask "right" or "good" questions, which in my experience were really subjective anyway. I didnt feel comfortable around her at all, and I did not respect her as I got to know her more and more in an academic environment. At first I didn't get the impression I have of her now.
5.0 : I don't know where this professionalism questionability came from. Dr. Harris is highly compassionate and does everything she can to ensure success for her students. The class subject may have been uninteresting but Dr. Harris helped me understand it better and even took time from her busy schedule to meet with students. She is one of the best!
5.0 : Her office hours tend to get filled up very quickly so be sure to make appointments with her in advance. The tests are quite tough so be sure to study. That said, Dr. Harris is compassionate, gives extra credit and does everything to help students not only succeed but learn the material. She is one of (if not the) best professors at UWT. Must take!
5.0 : My favorite professor at UWT, honestly if you're respectful and try your hardest she will help you develop yourself. Her methods are consistent and I can't wait to take more classes with her. She is inspirational, kind, and absolutely wonderful. You can tell she loves what she does.
5.0 : Dr. Harris made what could have been a pretty boring and hard to learn subject somehow fun and easy to learn. She corrected our paper and gave feedback on where we needed to make corrections giving points back if the corrections were made. Highly recommend taking her. She is very passionate about psych and the topics she teaches.
5.0 : Dr. Harris is an absolutely phenomenal professor.  She makes you work for your grade but all within reason. She is open encourages her students to ask questions and is always willing to make office hours if someone needs a little extra help.  She is also very organized, which I appreciate!
5.0 : Abnormal Psychology was definitely a challenging course but Dr. Harris did a great job at explaining the complexities of each disorder. I would recommend her class to any student.
5.0 : I have taken a lot of classes from Dr. Harris and I have learned so much each time. I have never seen her embarrass a student. She wants students to ask questions.
2.0 : Dr. Harris is very knowledgeable in her topics of interest. However, she has a definitive following of students which she sides with during her classes. This is unfair to the rest of the students and impairs. Additionally, she claims that you have to read the textbook but that's not the case. Easy A but don't expect helpful feedback.
4.0 : Best professor ever. She cares about her students. Loved her positive energy through out the corse. Gives clear expectations, and point outline for papers. Her study objectives match the tests. Gives great feedback about your paper. I will keep taking classes with dr. Harris.
4.5 : Dr. Harris takes the time out of her busy schedule to help her students succeed. You can tell she is knowledgeable about the subject she is teaching. The exams are a combination of materials from the book and lecture. Although Dr. Harris is both comical and compassionate,  she does expect students to come to class on a timely fashion. Great class.
5.0 : I think it is funny that Dr. Harris is being trolled. She did not get one bad review in 5 years and then she gets three on the same day. That person needs to move on. Dr. Harris was truly an inspiration and now she is leaving UWT. We will miss her dearly.
5.0 : Great professor. I highly recommend her.
5.0 : Dr. Harris not only had an amazing influence on my experience at school, she had a significant impact on my life. She helped me build confidence to pursue my dreams.  During study abroad, she showed continual encouragement. She was truly inspirational
5.0 : Dr. Harris was one of the most influential professors I have ever had. She not only taught important topics that helped me succeed as a student, but she also taught me how to take care of myself outside the class.
5.0 : She is an amazing professor. She taught me how to think differently about research. I was not excited to take this class, but she made it so engaging. You will get such compassionate feedback. Tons of feedback! She incorporates media-relevant examples. Her understanding of psychology is impressive. She is very respectful to students and their needs
5.0 : Dr. Harris is an amazing professor, and highly respected by me and other student in the psychology major.  I was intimidated by research and had convinced myself I wanted to do clinical work, but this class made me rethink and consider that research could actually be fun. The paper seems overwhelming at first, but she will prepare you day by day.
5.0 : There's a lot to say about her. She's passionate, knowledgeable, hard working, etc. Don't let her confidence get mistaken as arrogance. She's willing to help anyone who's committed to learning. She's one of those professors that you learn a lot from without realizing you're learning. Beware of her personality disorders, LOTS OF WORK! (but good)
5.0 : Why can't all professors be like Dr. Harris? She has clear expectations. Gives study guides and extra credit. Truly loves and cares for her students. You have to work hard for your grade, but she will guide you through. Her lectures are not boring, she gives real life examples. Took 3 classes with her, and did well in all 3.
5.0 : Dr. Harris is amazing. I absolutely love her teaching style. She doesn't mind questions, in fact she encourages them. Dr. Harris always has suggestions to make you a better writer or a better researcher. This was my first class with her and I am already signing up for two more with her. She looks like Willa from True Blood too *lol*
5.0 : Very organized person, explains every tiny detail very carefully so you know exactly what you need to do. Not just to pass, but to use these skills for the rest of your life / career. Encouraging, witty, physically pretty. Learned SO much from her!
5.0 : Great professor! Very friendly, help student in any situations, a lots assignment but not too hard grader. If you attend to class, listen and study before the test, you will get an A. She has a study guide for exams. Offered a lot of extra credits. Love her and will take any class with her if have chances.
5.0 : Is encouraging and wants students to succeed! Positive and firm with expectations! Class was enjoyable and highly educational!
5.0 : Dr. Harris has a strong passion for not only psychology, but sharing her knowledge and passion for it with her students. She has very clear expectations that will push you to be a better learner. She genuinely cares about her students. She provides extremely helpful feedback! If you have the chance to, you should absolutely take one of her courses.
4.5 : One of the best professors I have ever had. She's funny, knowledgeable, and as long as you are there to not screw around she is very helpful. Dr. Harris loves to get to know her students, and loves some conversation. We can into some hiccups along the way this quarter but she was still very reasonable when it came to adjusting the assignment dates.
5.0 : Dr. Harris does everything she can to make sure her students succeed. She also offers a significant amount of extra credit which helps even more. Definitely one of (if not the) best professors at UWT!
5.0 : This is the best class. He is the best guy ever! Awesomeness dripped from him.
5.0 : COOLEST TA EVER!!  (ALL CAPS)
5.0 : cool prof
5.0 : Amy well versed in the topic and will often share her own experiences (and opinions) in a way that is rather endearing. Don't let her catch you on your phone because she WILL call you out. She does participation BUT she doesn't require clickers. Fridays are guest lectures. Sometimes you get the day off to do an out of class lab.
5.0 : Amazing at teaching the subject. Would definitely take math 308 by her again. Office hours are very helpful and she is very knowledgeable on the subject. Easy quizzes and homework. Test was challenging but not impossible. Gives you every resource she can to help you succeed.
5.0 : She's a grad student but hands down the best math teacher I've ever had!
5.0 : She's super helpful. Definitely go to her office hours if you can.
5.0 : I came in to Math 308 hearing about all the struggles, pain, and tears. But Kristin made it so much easier! She is a fantastic person who happens to be amazing at teaching math. She knows what she's talking about, and conveys her ideas extremely clearly. It's always nice when a prof makes a hard class a bit easier. WOULD RECOMMEND!
5.0 : Best math professor ever! She really cares that you know the content, provides resources, and makes you interested! I would take every math class from her if I could. She's suoer nice too!
5.0 : Great teacher, and amazingly helpful and patient during office hours. Will explain hard concepts again and again until you understand. Wish I had her for every math class.
5.0 : Not much to add to what others have said, the hype is real. Great professor, great person. I wish we utilized the book more though. The easiness ranking was a bit hard to decide on. The classes are tough, but that's what math is like.
5.0 : The best math class ever!
5.0 : Great class! Crystal clear lectures. Very helpful teacher. Reasonable amount of assigned homework. Tests are harder than the homework, but not horribly difficult.
5.0 : This class is awesome! She is a great teacher as well. She will always talk to you when you need it. Show up to class and make sure you participate!  She won't judge you at all or anything, she's really open. In addition, she grades very nicely and seems to really look for effort above all.
5.0 : Otilia is amazing.  I've taken classes with her 3 different times.  She gives helpful feedback, and is an understanding teacher.  She's a real person who understands her students.  If you have to miss class or leave early, just let her know ahead of time.  She's a wonderful professor and a cool person in general.
5.0 : Otilia is a great professor. You can tell that she cares about her students and actually wants them to succeed. She gives good feedback on any work done in class and is always accessible to her students. She does grade based on participation so make sure to go to class! I decided to take my next french class with her as well :)
5.0 : Great Class! Take it if you want to learn a lot and do well.
4.5 : David is the best professor. He is very willing to help students in and outside the classroom. Going to class was mandatory to get a good grade, but he is very handsome. So it's not that hard to show up.
4.0 : Fun class, and David is probably one of the best teachers considering what I've heard about other professors who teach this. I found it quite on the easy side, but it was entertaining and I learned a lot.
4.5 : He's a cool dude and his quizzes are not that hard. Final is not cumulative. Midterm and final questions taken from quizzes and homework. Homework is optional but I recommend doing it before quizzes for practice
4.5 : Probably the best prof I've ever had. Makes class enjoyable, and lectures are really clear. The class isn't hard and his explanations will make it even easier to grasp concepts. I recommend him over other large lecture sections if you really want to know more about econ and have fun doing so.
4.0 : I loved his class. Really fun and easy to learn. :) No regrets in taking this class, no textbook just powerpoints. Just review the vocab in powepoints and quizlet super helpful. Visiting his office hours work, even though I never did.
5.0 : There is no textbook, which is nice. Attendance is important (obviously) since you need to be in class to practice speaking. Kuya Richard has a great sense of humor, is very encouraging (I never felt afraid of making a mistake), and provides other helpful materials - download of lecture slides, access to Quizlet for more practice.
5.0 : Kuya is super funny and relatable. He gives homework for your benefit but does not grade it so you can learn from your mistakes. He treats all his students like family (if you respect him) and above all else, he wants you to learn.
5.0 : His class is SO  much fun! you get to learn tagalog which is an uncommon language. and you get the vlpa credit. he's really super nice and friendly. it's an easy A class; you just need to try and come to class. otherwise there's no problem. it's a super fun class. the only univ in WA that teaches Tagalog! no textbook he posts power point slides.
5.0 : Kuya Richard is awesome! He made Tagalog very easy to learn! Just come to class and do homework! Also, no textbook needed.
5.0 : Kuya is very encouraging. Your grade depends on attendance so don't take the morning class if you're a nightowl like me. No Tagalog experience required, show up, have fun and 4.0 this class! Speaking practices are fun if your partner is fun (mine barely smiled and talked to me). Final is a group video project (again, find a fun group for this).
5.0 : Highly recommend this teacher! She is very helpful and keeps the class stimulating. Writing can get pretty tedious but she's there throughout the whole process to keep you interested and passionate about what you're writing about.
4.5 : Heather was so helpful, and really welcomed outside thinking. I hate talking in class, and try to avoid it at all costs, but the material was so intriguing and Heather is really open to your ideasthoughts. She's always willing to help you out of class, and her feedback is amazing. Definitely felt confident with my writing after taking her class.
5.0 : Heather is amazing. Her class was always interesting and I never felt bored. Its pretty reading intensive and there is homework everyday and 2 essays. I took this class as an easy A and found myself doing more work than expected. She is not as easy of a grader as I expected but gives amazing feedback. 10/10 would take her again.
4.5 : Good professor to do research with.
5.0 : One of the best chemistry teachers I have had.  Lectures are very clear, and he gives supplemental online videos that help to understand the material tremendously.  4-10 HW questions per week which is really manageable.  Exams are almost exactly the same as practice tests besides one or two problems which makes studying easy.
5.0 : Outstanding lecturer. All class sessions were very interesting and relevant to the necessary material. HW was difficult but manageable and his tests were fair. He held online office hrs in addition to reg hrs each week, which were great for topic clarification. 10/10 would take classes with him again
5.0 : He has many resources on Canvas website, including many past exams, equation sheet, and links to Youtube videos that he made. If you're uncertain about something in lecture, the videos are great references to go back to. The second midterm had a crazy low average, and it looked like he tried something new, but do the past exams, and you'll do well.
5.0 : I am taking prof dana now. OMG!!! Totally worth all the scare! He's tough, but amazing. I am inspired to learn more and to read. I've never had a professor like him. I feel like i am learning for the first time in my life! Brilliant doesn't even begin to describe him. I could listen to him for hours and not get close to boredom. love this prof!
5.0 : Best professor ever. He listened to my problems when I went to his office hours. He was very nice, and helped me. You learn from this class more than you will ever learn. Some students are losers and hate him because he calls their BS! IF you are serious about your education, take a class with Prof. Dana! He's the best!
5.0 : A great professor!  Words can't even begin! Worth every minute of your study time. He's the best you'll every have.  I've just graduated and reflected about my college time. Without a doubt, he was the best I've had. I've learned a ton from him, and he left a lasting impression on my development.
5.0 : Good prof. Tough, but fair. Learned a ton!
5.0 : Great prof! I learned a lot, but worked a lot.
5.0 : Take his class!!! Take his class!!! I thought I understood everything I needed to be a smart person! I was WRONG!! I am taking Middle East Politics with him now! OMG!! I am surprised he's here! He's top notch! TAKE A CLASS WITH HIM!!! You will be rewarded with a new appreciation for knowledge! He Inspires me!!!
5.0 : Best professor EVER. So smart and insightful, and he TRULY wants his students to not only succeed but learn and grow as human beings. He takes the coursework very seriously but he's hilarious and a highly skilled lecturer. You'll never be bored and you'll definitely laugh. He's very inspiring and I seriously want to be him when I grow up (graduate)
5.0 : I have recently been admitted to a PhD program, and it's all because of Professor Dana. He was an amazing inspiration for me to pursue my education and to push my own boundaries beyond my comfort zone. I am the first in my entire family to ever visit a college, let along finish a degree. I can't even begin to explain how thankful I am of this prof.
5.0 : I'm convinced that prof D is the best professor at UW! Each lecture/class is an adventure in learning.  No doubt about it! I could listen to this guys for days! Absolutely brilliant and very respectful even to classmates who don't deserve to be respected. I love DR. Dana. The best! Take a class with him NOW! He's a great teacher who cares!!!
5.0 : The best! Caring, giving, and very sharp. Love this prof! I'm singing up for everything he teaches. I learn in a. Hour more than I do in a year. He's that awesome.
5.0 : Learned a ton!! Not kidding! He's a very brilliant, knows his stuff, and very well known professor around the world (google him!). I feel that he is the best possible professor I have ever had. I will never have someone as good! Take a class with him, and listen! Read what he tells you to read! Be serious, and you will be rewarded!
5.0 : Absolutely amazing! Blew my mind! You can't imagine that he's this good, until you take a class with him. Take a class with him if you're in honors. It will change your life.
5.0 : Professor Dana while intimidating at first really cared about what we learned. I felt that I was able to begin to understand a difficult and complex topic that is incredibly relevant to today's world.
5.0 : Professor Dana is not for everyone. He is a demanding instructor who wants you to do your best in researching and articulating your understanding through your readings and findings.   However, he inspired me to learn a lot more about the Middle East and the world. I take him and his classes as a treasure.
5.0 : Best class I've taken! It's my senior year and I've never learned as much as I have in this class! The professor is just cool, brilliant, and a bit intimidating, but once you engage, he will be a great person to chat with. He has helped me "think" more than anyone...ever! Best prof a university can have!
5.0 : If you aren't taking his class, you are missing out. Seriously, take his class and you will learn to be a better writer and reader. Be prepared to work hard!
4.5 : I learned in 2 weeks in his class more than I learned in 3.5 years. Nuff Said!!!! The best!
5.0 : The class was perfect. The way in which Professor Dana presented everything was great. The class was taught in a great way, and the explanations given were always very easy to understand and grasp. Amazing Professor!
5.0 : Professor Dana's approach to teaching the class was amazing! Not only did I learn a ton, but now I THINK BETTER!! Thanks to his teaching! I wish I could take this class with him again and again and again!
5.0 : He's very difficult! But you'll learn like you've never learned before.  he's the most prepared to teach us new things at UWB. Take a class with prof. Dana and you'll respect him like I do. He's the best I've had. He's the smartest prof out there.
5.0 : Without a doubt, prof. Dana is the most inspiring &amp; intellectually capable prof @ UW. Mehuge fan! A class w/himbest decision! Unlike other professors, he goes beyond being  just a good teacher. He genuinely cares about each &amp; every one of us students. Words can't describe how significant his impact has been on my development. Just Phenomenal!
5.0 : Awesome Professor! Cares a lot about his students! Tough, but very fair! I learned a lot in his class!
5.0 : You learn A LOT! Easy going, but hard in a good way! He makes you work for the grade, but you learn how to write papers. He cold calls on you. A bit stressful, but I learned. He cares about the students. He expects original work, bibliographies, citations, and journal articles. Again, you will learn!
5.0 : Amazing! You should take a class with him! I feel that he's the best I have ever had, and trust me, I've been to 5 different colleges and had at least 50 professors in my life over the past 18 years. He's by far the most brilliant and most thoughtful. I wish I had taken a class with him earlier. Take his classes. You'll learn something!
5.0 : Oh man! He makes you work it! He's the man! I just can't imagine how students can be so stupid to not take his classes! I learned SO much from him! SO MUCH!! HE MAKES YOU FEEL THAT YOU NEED TO GO TO COLLEGE! HE'S WHY COLLEGE IS AWESOME FOR ME! Touch guy! Can't take an easy A, but you'll learn how to get your sH*t together!
5.0 : Amazing and caring professor! Brilliant and has the kindest heart. I will forever be indebted to Professor Dana. The most caring professor I've ever met. I taught be how to find my own voice and critique it without feeling ashamed. In fact, I feel empowered!
4.0 : Some of the best lectures I've ever had were in his class. Reading the textbook (there is a *substantial* amount of reading) is critical- he cold-calls on you, but never talks down or disrespects you. 3 papers, one research project, and an easy map quiz. Brilliant prof, great class, but definitely not to be taken lightly.
5.0 : I learned a great deal with professor Dana. He's the best.
5.0 : Top notch professor. You learn how to think taking a class with him. Very thoughtful and nice. I had a family situation twice and he was very supportive and made sure I was OK. He cares about students in way I never see in other professors. I respect him greatly and he makes college worth it :) thank you professor Dana! You changed my life!
4.5 : He is by far the best professor in the campus. He is very real, very different from most professors, he actually teaches, and the amounts of readings and writings you have to do is essential to passing, but at the end of it all, you will THANK HIM that you learned a lot. Take him on your final quarter! He is the finale professor in the campus!
5.0 : OMG!! This Prof will change your life! Amazing! I am just very inspired by him. He changed my life. I sometimes can't imagine how significant this professor is in my life. He makes you feel that you are something. He respects you, listens to you, and is always there for you. I am nominating him for every award there is at UW! Others should too!
5.0 : Professor Dana is by far the greatest professor you will ever take in your undergraduate education at UWB. He is very intense, but very real. Adapt to his teaching style and you will enjoy his lectures! He is NOT an easy A professor and you have to work extremely hard for it, but at the end of the quarter, you will indeed thank him.
5.0 : I tried to take as many classes as I could with this guy, even if I did not need the credits. I learned a lot. Best professor at UW. BRILLIANT PROFESSOR.
5.0 : THIS IS WHAT I Called a REAL class and a REAL professor. He is a very good teacher.   I took 2 classes with him.
5.0 : I can only say that other people are right about their comments. They're absolutely right. Amazing in every way. A great human being and a fantastic scholar. I've taken classss with Gardner, Berger, Udell, Charu, Shane, Crane, Walsh, Krabil, Kochis. I loved them all. Then Dana. My life changed. not Kidding! He's an exceptional professor! Loved him
5.0 : Love this guy! Learned a lot about the Middle East. I can talk to anyone and everyone about the Middle East :) I was inspired by his style of teaching. He is the best professor at uwb. if you haven't taken a class with him, you are missing a lot :) and ladies: he's hot :) I daydream about him :)
5.0 : Amazing professor! He's simply the most knowledgeable at UWB. Take a class with prof Dana. You'll learn like you e never learned before
5.0 : Best professor at UWB. I made the mistake of messing around in class, he let me have it.  I kinda deserved it lol :) he was respectful though, I'm kinda embarrassed that I was so stupid-texting pics in class. He was a gentleman. I liked girl in class who felt bad for me and took me for coffee. She's my gf now. Lol. Good man! Knows his stuff! Lol
5.0 : This class required a LOT of reading, but it was worth it! His class was fascinating- I looked forward to all the lectures! I can't recommend him highly enough.
5.0 : Fantastic profesor and incredibly intelligent. Cares genuinely about his students and their success. Comes of hard, because HE IS, but if youre there for an easy A, its easier to swim with sharks. You can fool him, and Ive fooled so many! Lol
5.0 : Tom is a great guy and it's clear he really cares about his students. If you do well on an exam he will take the time to email you personally to congratulate you. 320 has a lot of focus on small details but Tom does a good job explaining it. Don't be afraid to ask for help on the group projects!
5.0 : Tom is the most genuine professor in the business school.  His grading is more than fair and the class is structured fairly with no curveballs.  Auditing is a pretty boring subject but his enthusiasm manages to keep students engaged and interested.
5.0 : Clear explanations &amp; course guidelines. A lot of real life examples from his former career. The materials are really applicable in daily life, esp. entry-lvl acctg job. Gives hints prior to exams and for projects. One of the best profs I've ever had. Avoid taking it in summer--he uses straight-line grading due to small class. Do the exam practices!
5.0 : Tom is a good teacher of both ACCTG 320 and ACCTG 411. He maps his lectures to the topics that he needs to cover and to the tests he makes. His tests though are pure memorization of all the topics and its necessary to have a firm grasp of the key ideas to perform well in the class.
5.0 : Tom was one of the best professor I've ever had. He was so good, that on the last day my class gave him a standing ovation as he left for course evals. Basically 3 exams and participation. Exams are straightforward, and 50% of each exam is off of a test bank that he gives beforehand.
4.5 : One of the best professors in my opinion that I've ever taken at UW. Very clear and helpful and the course is pretty interesting. If you go to the labs you learn a lot about programming in R and his grading scale is pretty nice.
4.0 : Jin Ha is enthusiastic about knowledge organization and uses multimedia examples in class exercises. Sometimes her instructions could be clearer, and she could have pushed us harder, but she is open to suggestion and keen to take students' needs into account. She's a fair grader and a good communicator.
5.0 : Jin Ha is a great teacher! She will let you help on projects out of class if you want.
4.0 : Tests are fairly tough, especially the open-ended type questions.  She is a lenient grader though, and offers a lot of feedback on the presentation portion of the class.
4.5 : BSE dept would be unbearable without her.
4.0 : Renata has to be one of the best professors I've had at UW.  I thought I was struggling a lot at the start of the quarter, only to end up getting a 3.1 after finals.  She's reassuring, will meet with you outside of office hours, not a super tough grader, and will provide good feedback for your presentations.  Make sure that you go to class.
5.0 : Nicole was a great professor (she claimed she was a TA but I still saw her as a prof). The class was fun and had some interesting readings, rather than dull ones. Lectures were always a lot of fun and had discussions that made sense rather than finding symbolism in nothing like other English classes. I'd take her class again!
5.0 : Primarily I chose this section since my friend said Nichole's section  is easier to get  composition requirement fulfilled. However, this course is not as easy as my friend said but actually requires TONS of efforts.(Portfolio!!!)Nichole is a really nice instructor and always gives specific feedbacks to students  if you turn the work in on time.
5.0 : Really helpful and nice.  Tests are kind of hard but she gives extra credit.  Will be taking her again.  On top of all of that she is really super attractive.
5.0 : She is really helpful and nice.
5.0 : Nicole is an awesome teacher! Very enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the subjects. Class is heavily based around discussions about the reading (TONS OF ASSIGNED READING). As long as you don't mind reading 20-40 pages of novel every night,  but missing a day or two is fine. Super awesome teacher, very approachable, would take again.
2.0 : I'm a 4.0 student and find his lectures to be very dry and boring. His quizzes and tests are quite difficult for a 200 level class (I am taking 2 400-level classes and his tests are just as hard). However, he provides very comprehensive study guides which do help with quizzes and tests.
5.0 : I've had the pleasure of having Dr. Knight as an instructor freshman through senior year. I have taken courses from him at every level (100 to 400) and have enjoyed each and every one of his classes. The area of study is difficult in of itself, however, his lectures bring the material to life. He loves what he does and makes me love it too!
3.0 : Hardest class i've ever taken at UWT and it's only a 250 level. I have taken many 400 level classes and have never had a harder prof. His exams are incredibly hard and he words the questions very weirdly like he is tricking people. Textbook is required. If you do not show up for class and read the textbook completely you will fail.
4.0 : Professor Knight is so passionate about psychology and is so helpful and eager to help you understand the material. I don't think his quiz or test questions are confusing. The assignments are also very easy, all you have to do is watch a video and answer very straight forward questions. I enjoyed coming to class every day! Use the study guides!
2.5 : His lectures and power points are super confusing and unclear, he's kind of all over the place. The in-class exercises and study guides are super easy but his test are extremely difficult. If you typically rely on lectures to help understand the reading, find another professor. You need to read and teach yourself the material to pass this class.
5.0 : very laid back but still challenging and interesting. I enjoyed his class very much. He can explain complicated things very well and has a way of getting the whole class involved in discussions. One of the best at UWT!
5.0 : Dr. Knight is an extremely good professor in terms of his knowledge. His lectures are very engaging with his students! He knows so much and is very nice. However, his exams are difficult and do require an optimal level of studying. I think everyone should take Intro Psychology.
5.0 : Make sure to read.
2.5 : Just an all around not very good professor. He speaks very up and down, and stops in the middle of his ideas. His power points are not detailed all and he doesn't do a good job of explaining them. Assignments are somewhat easy but test are very difficult. He expects you to read but doesn't relate to it. Feels like I'm taking a 400 lvl class!
5.0 : Very pragmatic. Excellent war stories from the real world experience.
3.5 : There was not a lot of homework, but she is very specific about what she wants and if you miss something you will lose points. I learned SO much in this class and the content was super interesting. There is one essay and one weekly assignment usually only a paragraph. I highly recommend taking her, she is a great professor.
5.0 : Easily my favorite professor so far at UWB. Her class was extremely interesting and I learned a ton. She cared so much about what her students learned and was always available if any clarifying questions. Class discussions were a blast, and although her tests were hard I really enjoyed the essays. Great class that I looked forward to every day
5.0 : Dr. Leissle is very resourceful and accessible through email when you need her. Her classes are very well organized. She's funny, nice, and really cares about you and the material she's teaching. She's a very good teacher and knows how to embed information in you without you ever forgetting.
4.5 : Hands down the best math professor I have had at UW thus far.  I'm an ACMS major and have taken my share of upper division math classes, and having a professor that provides clear, in-depth examples and explanations whilst maintaining the classes interest in the subject material makes all the difference.  Take his classes if at all possible.
4.5 : It doesn't do much good to put low effort into the initial papers because her feedback on them (which is helpful) helps guide you on revisions for the final portfolio. Classes were boring because much of it was focused on different ways to write and class activities weren't helpful. Be sure to answer questionsshow up for participation credit.
3.0 : helpful but i never knew how to actually apply what she's trying to say, tips-wise. portfolio sucks. she stresses revision. a lot.
5.0 : Prof Naar is an INCREDIBLE lecturer - he presents history from a very engaging perspective that affirms why learning about history is still important today. He's really knowledgeable and enthusiastic too! It's impossible to fall asleep during his lectures cause they're so fantastic. HIGHLY recommend, and he's not a tough grader.
5.0 : Devin Naar is a captivating lecturer who is knowledgeable, approachable, and so helpful. Lectures are a pleasure to attend and never a bore. It is easy to see that he clearly has a great career ahead of him.
5.0 : GREAT class. I learned a ton, and he's very effective at teaching the subject matter. I got the feeling he knew his subject matter better than most other professors I've had at UW.
4.5 : Professor Naar gives the most amazing lectures. I am never bored in class! He also appreciates and encourages class participation to make the whole class work together. But thankfully he doesnt force everyone to participate. Hes the nicest guy, very intelligent and empathetic, and smoking hot. So you have no reason to skip class.
4.0 : Introduction to Jewish Cultural History. I really really enjoyed this class, much to my surprise, as I would not call myself a history person. I thought I would struggle through the class, but at least would learn a lot about my past. I did really well and the professor is AMAZING and so engaging! Lectures are fun and I loved going to class.
5.0 : Every class I take with Prof Naar gets more and more interesting. Even better, he really does a lot to integrate the ideas/themes/consequences of the material, which seems to be more and more atypical in history when they just sort of dump stuff on you. His take on Jewish history is highly applicable to other fields. Take his classes!
5.0 : Professor Naar was one of the most engaging teachers I have had the pleasure to have. He made hour and fifty minute lectures interesting all the way through. Would really recommend this class or any of his other classes.
4.0 : Professor Naar is an excellent professor and is extremely passionate about the material. There is a ton of reading, but I didn't do it except for the reading for the papers, and just payed attention in lecture and ended up with a 3.9. Definitely recommend this class.
5.0 : Prof. Naar is the most amazing professor I have had so far at UW. He is so passionate about Jewish studies that it makes the class 10x more interesting. This is my 2nd class I've taken of his (JSIS 250). There are many engaging class discussions, even in the larger sections, and he has a way of looking at the material from an unexpected direction.
3.0 : Nice professor but tough grader.  uses big words and sometimes hard to understand him.  Don't but the books because barely used at all.
4.0 : He's a nice guy! Obviously likes what he does and is happy to help. Taken 2 classes with him now.
5.0 : One of my favorite classes and I'm not even a gamer. Syllabus was laid out very well. Readings (all available online and not e-reserves) were not hard, but interesting. Applicable videos to lesson. Rob was very understanding when it came to assignments and deadlines. If you show up and make an effort, you will do well in this class.
5.0 : Professor Allen is highly knowledgeable in his professed field, as well as highly passionate. It shows in his teaching. Reading quantity was moderate and he was more than fair in everything he assigned. I loved that he didn't take crap from the students, too--he stood up for himself and his methods and he didn't tolerate certain hurtful words.
5.0 : Professor Rob is a friendly guy and the class and assignments are organized well. A little hard to reach in person but he emails really fast back to questions. Fieldwork ethnography project was fun and basically on a game or group of gamers you want to study. Being there is important since there are quizzes and he reviews the quiz answers in class.
4.0 : Beth is very nice, caring, and funny. The class is very time consuming because there are lots of readings you have to read before every class. Don't read them word by word, just remember the main messages for the lecture quizzes. But the course material overall was easy to understand. Extra credit at the end can save your grade by a lot. Do them.
5.0 : She was so enthusiastic and passionate about teaching. She was funny and nice and literally always smiling! She made the lectures clear and organized. She doesn't use a textbook but there's lots of reading assignments she gives. One of the best professors at UW in my opinion.
5.0 : One of, if not the best professor at UW
1.0 : I thought Elizabeth was the sweetest teacher in the world until I had an issue come up with a test. Something went wrong on my scantron but I totally proved to her I knew the material and it was a grading error, but she was unsympathetic and rude. I was unable to check my answers because her test was SO long and she said I need to test quicker...
4.5 : She makes this possibly the best basic class to take ever. You WILL care about the environment after this. She gets so into it, and has some amazing lectures. I still remember things she's said in that lecture and would take this a hundred times over if I could.
4.5 : Professor Wheat is one of the best teachers I've ever had. She's very approachable and so passionate about her work, she just overflows with enthusiasm! She is prone to get off topic and then hurry through slides when she gets excited but they're posted online and well organized. I wish every department could have a Professor Wheat!
4.0 : Good easy class, very engaging lectures, really passionate about the class and the environment. Clicker questions but panopto recordings, no textbook
3.0 : Lectures are clear and interesting. Very passionate on topic. Gives clicker questions that are in general easy. Tests are hard- very long, difficult to finish the whole thing, but they give study guides. Group projects and section are organized in a weird way, but not terribly. Gives long readings, but if you get the main idea you're fine.
4.0 : I had a devastating technical issue on my midterm, but through communicating with Beth I was able to earn partial credit because she was so understanding. She is very personable and really cares about her students. There are usually about 3-4 easy clicker questions per lecture, and about 10 pages of pdf reading before each lecture
4.5 : ENVIR 100 with Professor Wheat was amazing! She truly made the class interesting and the material very easy to grasp. Very enthusiastic and has a lot of energy! Do the readings bc there are clicker questions during lecture. Only complaint I have are the long tests (midterm &amp; final). Way too many questions to answer within the time slot.
5.0 : Beth is a gem in the envir studies department, and so is this class. She gave thought-provoking lectures and questions which were really valuable in teaching sustainability. This class is discussion based and makes you feel like Beth is another peer rather than a teacher. Really laid-back class with easy grading, would take again.
4.5 : Beth is passionate, excited, and welcoming. She has been one of my most interesting and profound professors to date. She is a delightful instructor, very enthusiastic, but sometimes a bit spacey. Her ENVIR 439 class is engaging, abstract, and requires limited work (regular reading and discussion board posts)
4.0 : Beth really cares about her students and the environment. She is a great intro teacher to environmental studies and emphasizes the importance of learning about the environment for every sort of major. She is an engaging lecturer, but you do have to pay attention to the slides.
4.0 : There is a lot of pretty academic reading in this class for a 100 level course, although the course itself does a good job of covering a lot of material. I thought it was very interesting because it's tied to my major, but some of my friends hated the class and the content.
4.5 : The class was not so bad. I wouldn't take this class as an easy 4.0 though. There is quite a bit of work to get a good grade in here. The exams are LONG and the multiple choice questions can get hard sometimes. I would say that if you do the work, write good papers with the help of the T.A., you will do well. Also, watch out for the group project.
5.0 : Beth has been such an inspirational teacher. Her enthusiasm and passion for the subject was infectious and inspired so many people to do their own projects at home. This class was hands-on learning with visits to the UW Farm and a field trip to Beth's own farm. Take your time to talk to her if you have any issues, she is all ears and loves helping.
5.0 : She is probably the best professor in UW!
5.0 : Beth is so full of life, so charismatic and passionate about teaching about the environment. It was truly amazing to sit in on her lectures, they were very inspiring and very easy to understand and learn from. She translates knowledge well, and makes it interesting. She is also just so smiley and happy, it brightened my morning every single day. :)
5.0 : She is nice.
5.0 : Just took her final and I have to say that Orchi has been the best econ teacher Ive ever had at UW. She is very clear and gives very fair tests. She is also always available for extra help and gives really good practice midterms. I hope she continues teaching this way.
4.5 : Very clear explanations. I didn't buy the text book, only attend every lecture and went to the library to borrow textbook for practice problems. 2 homeworks, 2 quizzes (only the best grade will count), and 3 exams. Have to agree that since everyone is doing so well, you still have to work hard to get good grades.
1.0 : Orchi was very difficult to understand, in my opinion. I did not think that she gave clear instructions, nor did she provide helpful explanations to questions.
4.0 : good
4.5 : Well taught, high class average, learned a lot
4.5 : She is enthusiastic and committed to this class which is great for student learning. My two criticisms are that the questions on the tests are often not written clearly and that the average grade in the class is extremely high- so even in you do well, you won't necessarily be getting a 3.5+.
5.0 : Orchi is a great Prof and I wish I would've taken ECON 200 with her as well. The class average being very high isn't necessarily because the class is easy, but because her explanations are clear. Read the textbook and go to class to guarantee you do well.
4.0 : She gives lots of extra credit and if you do all of the participation and show up to lectures and give more than half of your effort on tests, you'll do well!
2.5 : Very interesting class but McNichols seems to get frazzled very easily, whether that be from struggling with using TopHat or confusing key points of information. Lectures seem very long and too much time is spent on simple information or self-explanatory ideas.
3.5 : She's nice but not very organized or well versed with the clicker system (TopHat). The lectures and assigned readings didn't match up very well and it seems like very little information is used from the book. She's pretty easy but the class is really boring because she's not very good at lecturing
1.0 : This class makes me never wanna take a psychology class again. Have to do S/NS at the end.
2.0 : Class is interesting and I enjoyed the panels a lot. Class is easy- multiple choice tests, hw  is posting/answering questions online weekly. I didn't find the professor's lecturing style engaging at all- she read directly from the slides, making the two hour lecture crawl by and often mixed up words. She could have made material interesting
5.0 : She is a super friendly professor and really cares about your education.  If you need help on anything, she is available to discuss with you. The content from the lectures were really interesting, but some of the articles were a bit long.
4.0 : McNichols is a nice professor who cares about her students. Lectures include polling questions so attendance is a must. Lectures are very heavy and she tends to read off the slides a lot. Weekly discussion questions. Not much goes in the grade book. Many extra credit chances. Don't need the textbook. Lots of information, hours of studying required.
3.0 : Awesome teacher. Really cool, young and interesting. However, PSYCH 210 itself is one of the hardest "easiest" classes you could take. I study my ass off for the tests and right now I'm at a 2.9. Theres an enormous amount of material covered. Strongly recommend not taking this class. GPA killer!
4.0 : PSYCH 210 was overall a super easy class. The tests could be a little specific but there was basically no work involved. The lectures were hit or miss, sometimes they were interesting and other times they were vague and uninformative. Also, be aware that we watched very explicit videos in class on multiple occasions.
5.0 : One of the best classes I have ever taken as a psychology major at the University.  McNichols is one of the most kindest professors I have ever met.  In PSYCH 445, it was a team based class, where students discussed amongst team members about assigned articles. She encourages students to participates and clears up misunderstandings quite well.
4.5 : Great professor! She was super sweet and all of the tests are curved (she even adds points to your score!) A lot of material to remember, but allows chance to make up tests on final day. Overall, just study for the tests and you can get a pretty decent grade in the class.
4.0 : Don't need book. Memorize slides for tests. Clarify poorly worded questions if confused, she will help. So much extra credit available if you check the website regularly. Go to class even though she reads off slides. Interesting participation platforms, panels, and perspectives. She's SO kind; feels like your friend's mom. Worth the long lectures.
3.0 : She's alright! She mostly lectures near the computer though. Make sure you read the articles and do practice tests! The tests involve so much memorization so just reviewing the slides is not going to cut it. Go to the review session, do extra credit, and retake your tests! You won't regret it. I jumped from 2.6 to a 3.8 after retakes
5.0 : I learned a lot in her class. She had clear expectations and was a fair grader. I would definitely recommend her.
5.0 : I loved Mrs. McNichols. She was a great lecturer and very sweet, and she genuinely cared about how you were doing in the class. Definitely get ready to memorize for the tests even though they were only multiple choice. This class isn't as effortless as a lot of people make it seem!
2.5 : Lecture is long and her teaching is a little bit disorganized. Contents are interesting but lots of typos in slides. Since it's a class full of terminology, those typos are very confusing.
5.0 : Best class I have ever taken in the psychology department.  This is a team based class, so with a great team, you will have a great time in the class. Very lenient with grading papers as well.  I would definitely take another class with her again if I can!
5.0 : Dr McNichols is the kind of professor who is passionate about what she teaches, and really cares about her students' success. She's very approachable, kind and funny, creating a great lecture environment. She's available outside class and always happy to provide extra explanation if you are struggling with a concept.
3.0 : This class was too easy largely because it isn't a science or psych class. It's, more or less, a high school sex-ed class on roids. So many times in lecture I heard speculation instead of scientifically backed statements. THIS ISN'T A WEAKNESS OF THE INSTRUCTOR, it's the nature of diversity classes.
5.0 : Dr. McNichol's is wonderful! You can tell that she absolutely loves her job and she makes her class so interesting. There are lots of panels and videos and although her class has participation, its fun! I wish I could take this class again.
5.0 : Professor McNichols presented class material maturely and concisely. The class itself is extremely easy, but I don't imagine she has much control over what the department wants her to teach. All things considered, I enjoyed coming to class each day and appreciated the professionalism with which she taught the course.
5.0 : Dr. McNichols was so awesome to have! She was fair, unbiased, honest, and very witty with her lectures. Even though attendance is definitely not mandatory, there are TopHat questions every class that contribute to a participation grade. However, you can follow the TopHat lecture and questions from home. Highly recommend! Also a great class to take.
2.5 : It's a team-based class so get ready to do group assignments. The assignments are not tough; go to class otherwise you have to do the assignments on your own. My one issue is the textbook. Tests were based off of the 11th edition yet the syllabus said the 10th edition. She clearly had issues addressing this and didn't do much to help.
5.0 : She is a great lecturer and she truly cares about students. This class has a relaxing setting, and you will learn a lot if you pay attention. Although she goes through the material pretty fast, slides are posted online and she is always up for questions. Highly recommended! (Especially if you are a STEM major and want chill classes)
5.0 : She's really nice, pretty good at lecturing, and the class was really easy. The only thing I didn't like was that a lot of the material was already covered in psych 101, and going over stuff you already know is boring.
1.0 : The content of this class is somewhat interesting but as the class itself, the presentations can be boring and like someone said a hit or a miss. The tests are incredibly vague and have multiple answers of similarity and sometimes don't make sense.
5.0 : McNichols is incredibly invested in making sure students both learn and enjoy the course. She is there literally anytime you need her and is very generous with her time, help, and grading! Really, as long as you listen during lecture and take notes, you should have no struggles in this course. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Dr. McNichols is among the most adored psych profs at UW by psych majors, and she's my favorite prof of all time. If you care about the class content at all, take her. In class, she used engaging jokes, demos, and stories to help you understand, apply, and remember complex content. She prioritizes your deep learning AND wellbeing. She's the best!
5.0 : Dr. McNichols is the rare combination of incredibly well-educated and versed, yet humble and kind. Although the long lectures can be a tough, she is always there to clarify any concepts you don't understand and very obviously cares about her students. This class takes hushed or taboo topics and encourages students to explore their preconceptions.
5.0 : Dr. McNichols was one of my favorite teachers from the Psych Department at UW. She came to class excited and ready to teach every time. Her homework guidelines were easy to understand, and if you had any questions she would respond in a timely manner. Take her class! This I/O class really prepared me for my field of work after graduating!
4.0 : With many extra credit options, this class is not so tough. Go to lectures and review the slides before exams and you'll be fine. The exams are not really detail-oriented, but you should spend quite some time before each exams. In my quarter, the lowest exam is dropped so I didn't have to take the final! - Best part of this class.
4.0 : Material and tests were not too hard. But her writing assignments are not easy.
4.0 : A really sweet woman. She always made me happy. The class is easy and interesting, obviously, since it's about sex. The panels are also super inspiring and eye opening. There are a couple questions out of the textbook but most of the test material comes from lecture.
4.0 : Love her class, one of the best I've ever taken. At least half of class is spent discussing the material in small groups, not listening to a lecture. If you do the readings, you will learn this material easier and better than any lecture you've ever had. She's super nice and loves to hear your ideas. Genuinely wants her students to enjoy learning.
5.0 : Fraser is definitely my favorite professor at UW. Very caring for his students and genuinely wants you to understand the material. His lectures are amazing and very interesting. Homework assignments were easy, and exams are manageable if you memorize facts. Would definitely take another one of his classes again.
4.5 : Dr. O is the man. Loved his class and learned a lot. He is very helpful and responsive and definitely cares about his students. TAKE HIS CLASS.
5.0 : Easiest class I've ever taken, basically pass/fail. Doctor O is fantastic, super nice and understanding. The class is really applicable to real life and the presentation skills you learn are helpful for other classes. His accent is cool.
3.0 : Dr. O is great and really enthusiastic about what he's teaching. Lectures are engaging but sometimes not organized very well. Sometimes it is unclear what information is important and what information is not important.
3.0 : Dr. O clearly loves astronomy and so polite and such a sweetheart. He tries to make lecture interesting but it is probably the longest 50 minutes of my day. He's funny and really makes an effort to get to know his students but his lectures are confusing and all over the place and I really just learned mostly from the book and from section.
1.0 : Beware. Dr O is very nice, friendly,  funny, but lectures are confusing and unclear, forcing you to spend extra time self-studying the material (and still feel lost and frustrated). He tries to oversimplify concepts which just makes them even more unclear. He also doesn't give study guides &amp; exams are tricky. NW credit? Better off taking ASTRO150.
4.5 : Fantastic class, definitely go to lecture.  Even though he posts tons of helpful stuff online you should go just because he's enthusiastic, funny and excellent at explaining astronomy!  Otherwise labs are pretty easy and interesting, and the tests aren't anything to sweat too much about. Do the work, go to class, and it's an easy A and a fun time.
5.0 : Professor O is amazing! I would take his class in a heartbeat. He is kind and genuine and truly wants his students to do well and learn. I have only met two professors that are this genuine and caring. We need more professors and people like him!
2.0 : Prof. Fraser was an enthusiastic person with a lot of passion for astronomy. However, his unclear lectures, lack of organization, clarity, and no study guides really made this class much harder than it needed to be. His exams asked very vague, unclear and weird questions... the content is much easier if you just watch crash course videos online.
5.0 : Such an awesome professor! I have always loved astronomy, and even though I'm going to a different direction for a career, he has truly inspired me to love astronomy even more! It's been awesome to share something with him (ie. if you take an astro photo) and see him share it with the class. He is really interactive and has a great teaching method!
5.0 : Even though this course was online, Dr. O. was extremely interactive and always available for students. These courses aren't for the procrastinator as there was definitely plenty of work weekly, but if you did the readings and short activities, it was simple. The midterms are based close to the quizzes, so there were no surprises.
3.5 : Dr. Fraser has a great personality, but I found the lectures to be disorganized  and unclear. He does most of his teaching orally, so it is difficult to go back and look at the lecture slides and understand. Also, the tests are very hard to prepare for because he does not give any practice tests. However, he is friendly and inspirational.
3.0 : Dr. O is a very friendly and funny professor. His lectures are amazing, but the exams are not. Questions on the exams are really vague and he is not very clear about grading.
5.0 : Dr. O was one of the most passionate and caring professors i've ever had. He genuinely cares about students learning and will make sure he is there to help you IF YOU ASK FOR IT.  I don't know why people rated him poorly before... He is honestly so kind and helpful but again you can't sit around and expect it to come to you, go ask him questions!
5.0 : Great lecturer! Always enthusiastic and energetic, really tries to engage with students. First half of the course is smooth sailing mostly but for the second half, material starts getting more difficult so keep up with lectures, read, or watch crash course (saved me for the final honestly) to back up that knowledge.
4.5 : Dr. O is extremely passionate about astronomy, and loves teaching it and watching students learn. The class content gets progressively harder, eventually leading into concepts like relativity and light. Don't expect a 4.0 in the class, because a lot of questions on the exams are ambiguous. He's also super adorable, and the lectures are pretty funny
5.0 : Dr. O is  a super caring and kind professor. If you get behind he is always available to help you. I find Astronomy hard to wrap my head around personally but, taking this class really helped me do better in my Astronomy class. Dr. O is one of the gems on campus.
5.0 : He rocks. Need help? Contact him. Wonderful professor.
4.5 : Hands down, Dr. O is amazing! I had him a year and a half ago, and he still remembers me (class size200). Loved his teaching style and helpfulness. Really tried to get to know the names of all the students who asked questions and talked to him. Convinced me to switch my major to astronomy and I couldn't be happier! Bonus: he's easy on the eyes ;)
4.5 : Super nice guy, very helpful, cares alot about his students. Also pretty easy if you pay attention and do the work assigned.
4.5 : Learning materials are really exciting from which I can feel the passion of astronomists. Space images are beautiful and I'm pretty into the class. It's an easy class but I went deeper to learn more than what we need to get a nice grade. By the way, the lab video made me crazy once cuz I'd never made one before but not that bad:)
5.0 : Dr. O is awesome! It's hard to connect with students in an online course, but he really makes an effort to help and get to know you. He answers emails almost immediately, and is generous with his grading techniques. He makes the class informative, but easy to do well in.  He's an excellent professor!
4.5 : he gave us like 4 quizzes and 2 exams which wasn't that bad. It's a 300 level class and I got 4.0 btw I'm a freshmen who finished AP econ by myself. plus he is super helpful, i sent email to him past midnight, and he always reply right away. sure, he made silly mathematic errors, but it's not a math class so I think it's understandable .
5.0 : GREAT teacher! He really cares about his students and that they learn the material, and he covers topics in great depth and gives good explanations. Is really accommodating with office hours. Not an easy A but rewarding class. . He really prepares students for 400 level classes. Yang should DEFINITELY become a professor!
5.0 : Absolutely the best TA I have ever had.  He comes to class every single Quiz Section completely prepared with a powerpoint and practice quizzes if necessary.  He is willing to go above and beyond and is willing to meet with you outside of class as much as necessary.   On top of this, he emails back within an hour typically.  Completely impressed.
5.0 : Most amazing TA I have ever had.  Willing to go above and beyond always.  On top of this he answers emails within one hour...
5.0 : Yang is amazing. One of the most caring teachers I've ever had. He takes time to ensure his students are understanding material both in and out of class/office hours. Very fair. Responds to emails immediately at any hour. Yang made me interested in macro, I hadn't been looking forward to the class. THANK YOU YANG!!
5.0 : One of my favorite TAs in economics. Learned more from discussion session than lecture, wish I had him for ECON200. He also teaches the intermediate courses 300 and 301 solo. He's a good bet if you are into the material. Holds great drop-in sessions right before exams that are very helpful.
5.0 : Great guy.  Enthusiastic about making sure everyone understands the topics, super helpful in office hours, gives a practice midterm and final.  Lots of homework but he's more than a fair grader.  100% would recommend.
5.0 : A very good instructor His lecture is clear, I like how he explains the material. I really like his teaching style and the class.
5.0 : The best TA I have ever had!!! He is so cool and so helpful!!! I am so glad I took him! He is so compassionate and understanding towards his students!
5.0 : Loved this course in large part because of Yang Fan! He explained economic principles using GREAT real-world examples and had a nuanced approached when talking about debate worthy issues like minimum-wage and rent control (which made the class feel more inclusive of different perspectives). He is super dedicated and sets his students up to succeed.
5.0 : Always emails back quickly, willing and flexible to meet students outside of class. Really passionate about the material and uses great examples!! He's a fair grader and you will get the grade you worked for. Definitely one of the best lecturers I've ever had!!
5.0 : Yang is one of those great instructors who you rarely meet.  He puts more time into his course than his students, and it pays off for anyone in his class.  In other words, the class was too easy.  My one complaint is that Yang does such a great job teaching that the class needs to move faster.
3.0 : He is good and friendly, but sometimes the materials are hard not his fault though
2.5 : Yang is a graduate student who taught my 200 class during summer quarter. He explained the material using real world examples which was nice, although concepts seemed confusing once he tried to write test questions. He discusses real world applications very well but I would recommend trying more practice questions, as tests threw me off.
5.0 : I really enjoyed Econ200 over the summer. Sure it's a lot of work, but I think he makes the subject interesting. I like that he doesn't spoon feed information to students, rather he finds interesting ways to get students to think in a certain way.
5.0 : Good class, a lot of work. I'm not sure what others meant by no enough practice questions. There was a midterm review packet... You shouldn't expect to do well if you don't want to do the work.
5.0 : Great class. Lots of homework but i really enjoyed the class. Dont take him if you're looking for ez mode
5.0 : Good professor,  very organized lecture and helpful after class.  Lecture is interesting and informative.  He is also knowledgeable
5.0 : I found Econ301 to be a very challenging class and intellectually stimulating. A lot of hours of work went into the class. Be prepared to do a lot of homework but it was def. rewarding.  Textbook is mostly optional but DON'T SKIP CLASS!!
5.0 : Yang is an amazing teacher! His class has made me love macro a lot more. He does a great job of clarifying concepts, doing example problems, and making sure that you succeed. HW/exams can be challenging, but as long as you pay attention in lecture you'll be fine. I took AP econ 4 yrs ago and am doing well in the class so it's totally  manageable.
5.0 : Took his class over summer and is one of the reasons why I decided to major in economics. He is passionate about making sure you understand things in class. One of the few teachers that puts time into making his own homework packets and study guides in order to help you succeed. If you can take a class with him you should!!
5.0 : The best!!! Love her.
4.5 : She is very passionate about what she is doing. Her class is very tough and be prepared to do some work. She is a very tough grader, but she gives you bunch of extra credit to make up for what you lose. Attend every lecture, make effort in every assignment, study hard, and be on top of your homework; you should be fine.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR EVER! Simple as that, he is REAL, he is from SEATTLE, he understands YOU! HE CARES ABOUT WHAT YOU THINK. He isn't afraid to talk about topics about race, etc. I missed class once and he was totally cool about it. If you want to be a teacher, he is the best professor to look up to and he will help you with every step on the way. BEST!
5.0 : Definitely the best Education professor you can ever ask for. He talks about race  culture gender sexuality immigration status bilingual education etc. and shows why talking about these socially constructed systems matter in education. He will inspire you and you will remember why you love education so much. Take him every chance you get.
5.0 : I have Wayne for BEDUC 205 (only taking this for a diversity credit) and he is one of the nicest, genuine professors Ive ever had. He makes you feel important to his class and valued. He also made me care about education equity and make it relevant to me for the first time. The class is pretty easy, recommend for whoever needs a div credit. Easy A
5.0 : This professor has everything well thought out and put together. There is a lot of work for the class and lots of reading. Ask questions and ask for exam guides as he provided them after asking. The final marketing plan is important as well so put effort into it. Lot of class work outside of class but well worth the experience and class discussion!
4.5 : Good professor, follows the book to a tee, so you won't really miss anything in class as his lectures are 100% based off the book.  the marketing plan was a great learning experience, overall a relatively easy class and helpful professor
5.0 : Bring him a maple doughnut bar and he will like you. He's the best database professor in the iSchool. Kflem for life baby!
5.0 : Great teacher, one of the best I've ever had. Not for people who want to be walked in the park on a leash, he gives you the tools you need to learn and to succeed in the real world but expects you to put in the effort. If that's not for you go to community college.
5.0 : Kevin is an all-around great professor! He has great industry experience, awesome sense of humor, and is really flexible and understanding regarding deadlines, assignments, etc. Very accessible via email. Some lectures can be confusing, but the textbook is good supplemental information.
5.0 : I learned far more than I ever wanted to know.
5.0 : Absolutely LOVED him! I actually learned so much without working that hard. His powerpoints are the main source of test questions. Attend lecture physically and mentally and you'll be fine.
3.5 : Professor Crowder was awesome! His tests are clear and pretty much just based straight off his powerpoint slides. Go to class and you will be fine. Not a tough course, but still have to do the homework and attend. Crowder is funny and makes lectures interesting.
5.0 : Kyle is one of the best professors that I've ever had at UW. His lectures are actually amazing, and interesting. Its like you are listening to a speech. Class had 6 quizzes, finals optional if you do really well on all the quizzes. Need a clicker for the class and overall, recommend him for sociology!
5.0 : Excellent class. Your hard work will definitely pay off. Please please take any class with Crowder if you can! He's so funny and really cares about his students. The grading criteria was clear and makes it easy for students to succeed. The quizzes (no exams) are really easy and you get to bring in a cheat sheet. I get excited coming to class!
4.0 : 3 quizzes, together they're only 36% of the class grade. Attendance and participation gets you a lot of your grade.  Come to class, do your homework assignments well and you'll do great. Cheat sheet allowed for tests.
5.0 : I don't usually write reviews unless I've had an awful or exceptional experience with teachers. I am happy to say, that Crowder is one of the great ones. It is rare to find teachers whose number one priority is the learning of the student. He truly wants you to get a lot out of his class and not just a grade. I really appreciated his motivations.
5.0 : This is one of the easiest classes I've ever taken, and the prof is SUPER NICE. Absolutely a fun guy, tells funny jokes, gives fair warning on what will be on quizzes. Offered extra credit but I opted out. As long as you do the readings and go to class (online, no textbook) you're set. I barely studied.
2.0 : Crowder is a mediocre professor compared to other professors in the department. Warning, if you take the class, be sure to do the extra credit. Even though he claims not doing the extra credit won't affect your grade, the final grade percentages are curved to factor in the extra credit, so if you don't do the extra credit you will get a lower GPA.
4.0 : Kyle was an outstanding professor. His lectures were crystal clear. He has a great personality and is very approachable. Quizzes only make up 36% of your grade, while weekly homework assignments, in-class assignments (really easy to do well on), and participation make up the rest of your grade. This class is social sciences majors-friendly.
4.5 : I highly recommend Prof Crowder for Stats, I tried to take Stats with another professor and dropped because of their chaotic teaching methods.   Thankfully, Prof Crowder was clear, concise, and quick to respond to questions-I ended up really liking Statistics, and doing very well in the class!
3.0 : Professor Crowder is one of those tough professors. Will not take any late work. Must do the extra credit and class is highly competitive for grade. He speaks so quickly about complex terms that it was hard for me to understand and apply. Seems to be more concerned with his research than teaching.
4.0 : I honestly thought this class would be like a similar one with just papers, but it was group projects instead. You will be working with your group majority of the quarter so play nice. She is a very helpful and overall good instructor.
5.0 : Although this is not an easy A, it is doable. She does expect alot, but she is VERY willing to work with you and help you get an A in the class. If you go in determined to hate public speaking you won't have a good experience, but you can learn to enjoy it. SHe is a good teacher and she wants you to do well, but you have to try and work for it.
4.5 : My favorite professor at UW. Funny, interesting, and extremely knowledgeable. He'll drop everything to help you out and makes himself very available via email. The group project and individual assignments are worth your while and valuable learning experiences. Test is thorough but very fair.
3.0 : Very young, bright and intelligent professor. Goes pretty fast, so studying outside of class is required for a good grade. His tests are hard, make sure to do practice tests, quizes and problems. He likes to add a twist to his quizes to make them harder. Challenging, but doable. Being good in math will help you.
4.5 : Superb professor.  Goes pretty fast as there is a lot of knowledge to cover, so be responsible and keep up with the material.  He is extremely helpful, and will always be willing to help you in office hours or ANY time of the day through email.  Take advantage of that.
5.0 : He's amazing, obviously passionate about what he does. I thought I would hate finance but it's been one of my favorite classes and I think I'll get a decent grade in it!
4.0 : Would highly recommend for FIN 350. Brogaard is a pretty energetic and personable guy. Lectures based off the course pack, so there are not any surprises. Quizzes and tests are not too hard, but he LOVES giving partial credit, so there is basically no curve.
3.0 : teaches EXTREMELY fast. he's super smart and helpful, but I just don't get what he's saying on lectures most of the time, which makes finance even harder. take him if you're a finance majorvery smartvery passionate, but I'm just a regular kid and I wish I'd taken somebody else. he's a wonderful person, but not the best professor.
5.0 : Brogaard is one of the best profs I've taken. Didn't use the book once because his course pack was crystal clear. His lectures were amazing, but you do have to pay attention to get the most out of it. 3 open book pop quizzes and 2 exams. Tests are challenging an require you to really understand the fundamentals but are very fair. Highly recommend.
4.5 : Midterm's a piece of cake, final's dreadful. Fair but difficult. Make sure he knows you and likes you, or else grading will be nasty. Lectures are clear but scattered. For the project you have to read a 50+ page paper and present about it.
3.0 : The class turned out to be very memorization based, unlike any other BECON or FIN class that you would expect. Memorize all tiny details in the book, then you're good to go.
4.5 : I took Brogaard for 350 and 466. 466 is more conceptual and frankly easier. He does a great job of explaining concepts and brings in cool guest speakers. Tests are pretty easy, cases are tough so spend a lot of time on them. Group project is not that difficult. Overall, a great class that's easy to do well in.
5.0 : Lars is the best. Always in a good mood, passionate about Scandinavian culture, and it's contagious. Frequently goes off on some tangent or another, pretty funny guy. The class is super easy, as long as you do the reading. Reading quizzes are pretty frequent, but are very obvious as long as you've read. Tests are simple too. Just do the work!
4.5 : Course is made up of 3 one-page papers, 10 random reading quizzes, participation in the online discussion, one midterm and a final paper. Attendance is mandatory because their are pop-quizzes on the reading. Btw, you have to read A LOT. 700+ pages to be exact. Overall pretty easy course but lectures can be very boring. Nice guy though
3.0 : I took SCAND270 online with Lars. He wasn't always the most reasonable grader and expected a lot for an online class. The class was pretty book-heavy and included several discussion posts and a short assignment each week. There was an online midterm exam and the final was a 5 page paper. Overall an easy class, just more work than anticipated.
4.0 : Professor Jenner is easily one of the kindest professors (and people) I have ever met. He really wants everybody to do well and thinks the best of his students. Just show up to class with a reasonable understanding of the readingscontent and you'll do well. Stay after and chat with him, too, because he's a great guy.
4.0 : Lars is the sweetest and most endearing professor I've had. He brought in 1-2 guest lecturers weekly and the rest of the time was spent on his slides, class discussions, and short reading quizzes. His grading on quizzes, discussion board posts, and papers is lenient, but his tests are scantron, so study the slides well! Reading loads vary.
5.0 : I took SCAN334/CLIT334 from Prof Jenner this spring  The class is reading heavy and you will need "Creative Ethnicity," but do the reading &amp; you will get a 4.0  My attendance was average, I didn't come a few times, but he's really nice and willing to work with you  I highly recommend this class, although lectures can get dull - you will pass
5.0 : I just took this class because I needed a VLPA credit so I wasn't too interested at first, but by the end I can say that thanks to the prof and the set up of the class I have a genuine interest in ScandinavianViking culture+history. Pretty easy straight forward class, do the readings, participate, and theres no reason you shouldn't get an A.
5.0 : Took the online version of SCAND330 and it was one of the best classes I have taken at the UW. Very interesting content to read and write about, and the lectures were awesome! Usually VLPA classes can be a bear to drudge through, but this one was not at all. I highly recommend this class and Lars in general.
3.0 : CLASS is not as easy as what everybody says. Just get ready to read and you will do fine in the exams.
3.0 : I took Scand 334 and it was definitely an easy 4.0. Lectures were two hours twice a week and very boring. I did not pay much attention in lecture (bring laptop!), and sometimes didn't go, and still got a 4.0. Just be sure to skim the readings before the midterms/ final (there were 3 midterms, all very straightforward).
4.0 : Dr. Jenner is so funny, very chill and truly interested in making sure his students both understand what he is teaching them and get good grades. He's a cool guy who is always nice, wears fun outfits and goes on funny tangents. Class is very laidback, minimal work, easy assignments. Make sure you go to class for the reading quizzes, though.
5.0 : He is low key very funny, and super knowledgeable. Also very approachable. Make sure you do the reading, because more often than not there will be quizzes. Some of the class content can get mildly dull (like videos) but overall the course was fascinating and worthwhile. You develop good understanding of the texts and Viking culture.
5.0 : Professor Tyman is a great lecturer. She has vast amount of knowledge about urban studies and can incorporate any student's question into what the lecture topic was about that day. If you pay attention in class and read the material that is required you will do well in her course.
5.0 : Professor Tyman is a wonderful asset to the Urban Studies program. She is very knowledgeable with the content, as well as willing to reach out to the students to help them succeed.  Definitely a professor with the agenda to challenge and educate her students, rather than to trick and loathe the job at hand. Stay on top of reading to gain the most!
5.0 : Easy Class, lectures are reading intensive, but as long as you understand the why the readings are important you will do fine. There are 3 papers for the class (which are simple and straight forward and a group workshop project where you conduct research on a Food Justice topic and present to the community (school, senior center, etc.).
5.0 : Teacher is nice and cares about topic and students. She never says anything disrespectful or mean. Easy class. Only textbook is a book which is pretty cheap (around $20). LOTS of points for in-class activities - do not skip class. Extra credit is a huge boost to grade.
4.0 : Ben is a great teacher, funny and personable. He sort of talks a lot about irrelevant information and the class is super boring. Easy grade though, prompts are reasonable. Material varies between interesting and dry. Participation is necessary.
4.0 : Boring class. He's a nice guy, probably won't learn your name. He likes to talk a lot. I put in minimal effort and got a 3.6 though!
5.0 : He's awesome :)
5.0 : Ben Wirth was the best. He was really funny and had a nice taste in classical music for in class work time.
5.0 : Mr. Wirth is great! He's exceptionally knowledgeable and helpful. (Also doesn't hurt that he's a total cutie.) Take his class!
3.5 : Definitely shows that he's a PhD student and new to teaching - a little disorganized and not a lot of structure to the discussions. Your whole grade is based on discussion posts online, in-class participation, and two 7.5 page essays. Pretty relaxed class. Chooses some strange but interesting readings.
3.5 : Great teacher! English classes are sometimes are hard to teach and materials are dry too. But Ben is the teacher who will make the class real easy. His grading is easy too, most of them are effort grade. Highly recommend to take it.
5.0 : Enjoyable course.Her feedback was very helpful and she also taught the class on how to give feedback. She's relatable and enjoyable to listen to, even if class is 8 in the morning.
4.0 : Great teacher you will learn a lot. You will never look at a commercial the same.
5.0 : Caitlin was awesome!!! If you ever have a chance to take one of her classes definitely do it! She is very clear about expectations but she is understanding and so so so helpful. Definitely gears the class to work for you not you working for it.  She is very nice and makes lots of jokes.
4.5 : One of the nicest, most caring teachers I've ever had! She makes class fun and she always makes sure everyone knows what's going on. She is super understanding. The course work was simple. I would take another class with her again.
5.0 : Really fun class, she has a dorky sense of humor which is awesome. She makes you read, it isn't a lot but rather helpful. She gives good feedback and really cares for your grade. Would take again for sure.
4.5 : I really like this teacher!  I don't think she was eazy at all but she does really care and tries to help in any way she can. She wants you to respect others, come to class on time, and work hard. So do this. Great class.
4.0 : Caitlin is awesome. She is super nice and easy to talk to.  Homework assignments are easy to do and don't take much time. She lets you turn it in typed or handwritten which is awesome if you are not always near a computer. She just wants you in class and to try your best.
5.0 : Class was very interesting, she has good teaching skills. Always willing to help. Come to class, as there are usually in class assignments.
5.0 : It's not every day you find a professor that can make a mandatory english class entertaining. She genuinely cares about all of her students and goes above and beyond to make sure that they are understanding the material, while enjoying themselves. She's really funny and relatable. If you have to take english- take it with her!
5.0 : She's awesome! Very helpful and always makes sure that we understand what's going on in class and with projects. She really breaks down material for you and creates a nice classroom climate. She's caring and always down to talk with you or adjust some scheduling time if you're absent. Extra credit queen. Great overall intro professor.
5.0 : This class wasn't very demanding, but it was helpful to improve writing and learn analysis of mass media and culture. Just be there in class with your home works. Home works aren't hard. I'd say it is easy to get A if you do home works and be in class. She's willing to help to you need any help.
4.0 : Super nice and chill. Have a question about the assignment the night before its due?  Email and she'll give you feedback. She's super cool. Plus, no midterm and no final-which is really nice. She brought our class pizza the day our project was due so we could just be relieved. Would definitely take her class again!
4.0 : Super nice and chill. Have a question about the assignment the night before its due?  Email and she'll give you feedback. She's super cool. Plus, no midterm and no final-which is really nice. She brought our class pizza the day our project was due so we could just be relieved. Would definitely take her class again :)
4.5 : She's a great teacher! Young but experienced and will be very clear about her expectations.
5.0 : I like her class and you will get good feedback. And classes are pretty chill, we have a lot of fun discussions which I love.
4.0 : She has a way of making students strive for success. Her way of teaching is very intriguing and overall a enjoyable experience. She has a easy down to earth personality that will make your learning experience more achievable.
4.5 : Her material is pretty challenging and she has a unique analyzation styleway of close reading (that she does not deviate too far from unless you can make a really good point). But she really cares if you get the material and encourages you to come talk to her. She makes herself available to talk with you and comment on essays. :)
4.5 : Yasi, is a great teacher! Although her material can be a bit challenging, it certainly is stimulating. She is also very helpful. You can visit her office hours, email at anytime. She is willing to work with you if you! :) She is also very nice and funny.
5.0 : Great person.
4.0 : This class is awesome! If you know how to sing/have prior experience then you should definitely take this class! She is strict(ish) but it's not really a problem as long as you have learnt the words - which happens naturally. It's an awesome class!
5.0 : Most rewarding class I've taken at UW, Professor Byrdwell is a great teacher and really gave us a thorough experience in gospel music. Organized, funny, and extremely personable!
5.0 : Much clear. Very amaze. Wow.
4.5 : goes off on some tangents but they're interesting and relevant. knows the material well and is really enthusiastic about teaching &amp; making sure you learn.
4.5 : He's young, has a doctorate degree, and is understanding. He'll go to great lengths to help students with specific questions. He spends most of his time lecturing, but he uses the lectures to get down to the basics, answer questions, and give lots of examples. Overall, he's a teacher with talent for teaching!
5.0 : Dr. Brunton isn't the hardest professor but he does expect you to want to learn. Someone could come into this course and pass easily if they don't care. The great thing about Brunton is how much he cares and how much opportunity he gives to learn deeper. You could learn so much in his classes if you put yourself to it. GREAT GREAT GREAT lecturer.
4.5 : Engaging lectures.  It is clear that Brunton is passionate about his subject matter and genuinely wants his students to learn.  One of the best professors I've had at the UW.
5.0 : I am currently taking his online courses and I am so inspired by this man. He is truly passionate about teaching and really wants his students to be their best. And hey, he has a pretty good sense of humour too! Not a student at UW but some of his online lectures have (and are) helping me understand some fundamental concepts I overlooked. Kudos!
4.0 : Brilliant professor with the ability to teach an introductory class at the intro level. All the lectures are online and were recorded with another excellent professor. His exam reviews were essentially him reading out the exam, so put everything down on the note sheet. Can demonstrate just about anything in Matlab if you have a question.
5.0 : This guy's a genius, incredibly helpful and is somehow also a fantastic lecturer. I only went to class on days he lectured (otherwise it was the TA). He obviously knows what he's talking about and never has trouble clarifying subject matter or answering questions.
4.0 : friendly, knows stuff, good use of tools, fair amount of coding
4.5 : Extremely good and intelligent professor. Wish all professors were like him. He cares that you actually understand the material. If you don't understand, he will take his time to help you understand.  One of the best professors I've ever had,
4.5 : prob one of the best profs i've had. genuinely cares about what you learn and will do everything to help you succeed. explains intuition behind every concept so you're not blindly using formulas. very difficult compared to other fin classes, i think he's too smart that he assumes everyones on his level, but he will provide help when you ask
4.5 : First half the class is kinda boring through no fault of Duchin. He is pretty good at explaining things and the quizes are pretty easy. However his tests are so much harder than any problems you do in class.
5.0 : Tests are difficult but he's very generous with grading. Also, he's extremely helpful with questions. I'd recommend him!
4.0 : Ran's a very solid prof. He knows what he's talking about, and he tries his best not to make your life harder. He explains difficult concepts with understandable examples and terms, and doesn't mind explaining things twice if you don't get it the first time. Expect bunch of algebra on tests, but he's pretty generous at grading. Great sense of humor
4.0 : I took his class in the A term of summer and it was awesome! I'm only okay with math but ended up with a decent grade. I think he was understanding that it was a 4 week course so he gave a lot of partial credit.
5.0 : Lectures, clear. Tests, easy. Jokes, funny! He literally told me that don't care about grades so much. He is cool guy. He makes everything easy for students. That's why I like him so much. He holds review sessions before exams. When different students keep the same question, he is still patient to help.
5.0 : Great class. Ran is funny, helpful, and passionate about finance. Highly recommended.
5.0 : He is amazing!
5.0 : Super helpful, keeps class engaged with upcoming events. Love him!
5.0 : Jason is engaging and always has a great, relevant icebreaker to open class. He's funny, and helpful, but not easy. You'll need to do your (short) readings and assignments. He does offer flexibility on homework, for instance, he had us write 10 one page papers, out of 14 or so chapters so you could skip homework a few times. Great class!
5.0 : Jason Gilmore was by far one of my favorite professors. (I'm writing this review over 2 years after I had the privilege of taking his class, if that gives you any indication). He is engaging, thoughtful, funny, &amp; actually writes helpful notes on your papers. He makes lectures interesting, relevant, and thought-provoking. Would take his class again!
4.5 : Very easy to understand when he teaches the material. Good teacher. Office hours are helpful and his book questions are generally on the exam. If you do all the assignments and the extra concept work at the back of the chapters you will easily pass this class. I plan to take him again for my 307 class.
5.0 : Literally he is the one that I have always wanted to have as a teacher(educator). He is funny and he is really good at explaining stuff. He is very helpful and smart.
5.0 : A very good professor, he knows how to explain stuff and very articulate regarding his lectures, very clear and the way he blends in the practical application is helpful. He is nice, humorous and extremely helpful, one can just walk up to him anytime if she has mathematic problems.  His classes are often over-registered though.:(
4.5 : Really kind, personable and always willing to help &amp; give feedback. Does his best to make class topics easier to understand and has really interesting ideas. Lots of small group work and the critical/theoretical readings were sometime difficult to digest but he does explain them the following day (also he doesn't mark you down for misinterpreting).
5.0 : Easy A and she is a very kind person. She does take daily attendance, so show up for at least the beginning of class.
5.0 : Professor Rasmussen is a great professor who cares about her students' success. She grades leniently. You will learn ALOT from her. She gives snacks towards the end. She is really kind.
4.5 : Marketing Strategy is a great course and that is because of Dr. Jindal. There is no textbook he uses current case studies and articles which is refreshing.  You do have to purchase access to a Harvard case study pack but they are interesting and on the test. The group project is huge but he does space everything out really well and no final duringe
4.5 : As everyone has said, the class is so tedious and awful. Another stats class all over again. He even admits it's not the most interesting stuff, but he makes the best of it. He's helpful and knowledgeable. Like the professor, hated the class.
3.0 : He's a good teacher and really knows his stuff.  Easy to understand despite his accent, speaks loudly, and is always readily available outside of class.  He's an extremely hard grader!!! Tests have trick questions in which the answer is not obvious.. so annoying. Normally 3.0 - 3.6 student - got a %74 in his class. Be ready to work for it!!!
3.0 : Professor Gao was very sweet and kind. If you need help she'll be there. She definitely has an accent so during lectures. And be warned she talks for two hours straight. But if you do every assignment and complete all of the essays with good cited work with a good argument, then you should be safe taking her class.
4.5 : ezpz 4.0 just do your work well and your good. She's also very nice and will help you with whatever you need.
2.5 : Yeah, she's nice and friendly but she's extremely boring. And, make sure you know her grading criteria - especially if your essay is worth 40% of your grade for instance. In that case, it doesn't matter if you do well on the final or anything, you could still end up with a relatively bad grade if you do bad on essay. Probably won't take again.
3.0 : The class was very interesting. She definitely lectures a lot and most of the class  time will be the lecture. They can be boring at times but if you really are able to pay attention she provides interesting information. Uses atalyst rather than canvas. Her assignments and files were very confusing to follow. And due dates were very unorganized.
5.0 : I learned a lot with professor Wei Gao, the class is pretty interesting and she's very nice! She's willing to help the students and provide good feedback for essay ! Work hard and get good grade!:)
5.0 : Take her, she has a slight accent. But she tries to engage the class, easy 4.0 if she sees you are working for it.
2.0 : This teacher is a mixed bag. On one had, it's very easy to fly by in her class, it's intended for international students, but if you're a native english speaker, a lot of the class becomes easy. On the other hand, she's very unclear about her expectations, and she's ALWAYS talking, it's impossible to get work done cause of her broken english.
3.5 : Easiest 135 writing class, nearly impossible to failget a bad grade unless you do not turn in your work.
4.0 : Make sure to bring a laptop to class... Most of the times you need it to kill some time; I liked to download and play games.  She'll randomly put up group quizzes during class only.  In total you might get 3 group assignments and 2 major assignments.  The major ones are clumped into the last week (10-15 page report + 10-15 min group presentation).
3.0 : She definitely has an accent but not enough to distract anyone completely from the learning process. She has a lot of knowledge but don't trust her pronunciations of certain characters (it personally bothers me). Be on her good side, show up everyday and get an A. She really cares about her students but flaky due dates and disorganized sometimes.
5.0 : The class is hard because tax is a hard subject. Deborah does good job of explaining the concepts and she gives good examples. If you have question or need additional help she tries her best and clarifies issues very well.  The exams were hard but if you read the book you won't be surprised by any questions. Read and do HW and you will pass
2.5 : Unless you're used to learning from self-teaching, don't take her.   Your homework is based on how well you can teach yourself.  Class serves the purpose of clarifying basic concepts with textbook responses(we had to ask her as a class to review harder, test-related problems--instead of the textbook's 30-second-concepts).  DROP IF BELOW 3.0 (tests)
1.0 : DOESNT GIVE GOOD LECTURES. BOOK IS WORTHLESS TO THE CLASS.
4.0 : Great teacher!  I was intimidated by the material prior to the start of class but she made it fun and interesting.  She is willing to put in extra work for you if you need help.  Also very honest and can help you be real in navigating the course.
3.0 : Has take-home tests, but prepare to spend around 20 hours on them. Lots of HW problems due every class. Her personality can come on too strong at times and be intimidating. Not always clear in her explanations of the subject matter. As a 4.0 student, I found her class much more (and unnecessarily so) challenging than most.
4.5 : Mrs. Medlar was pretty funny and nice even though she tries to act like she is not. If you understand the material she loves you but she's very impatient so if you don't undestand, drop the class. It's challenging but managable! Read the book, go to lecture, do HW (daily) and you should be fine.
5.0 : Deborah is the coolest teacher ever. You will learn so much but be prepared to suffer.
4.5 : Deborah is one of the best professors I have ever had! She expects a lot of homework but it is all relevant. I learned so much in her class! She is a hard grader and her tests are hard but if you do the homework and pay attention in class you'll pass.
4.5 : If college were easy everyone would have a degree. Clear expectations, do your work, show up and you'll do great. Fair amount of homework and the tests are challenging but she is there to help you learn. Know a lot about tax and law and it shows. She will curve the grade so don't stress too much. I would take her classes again!
5.0 : Deborah simply allows students the opportunity to develop themselves both in and outside of the classroom. Having a genuine concern for all of her students. Deborah's class will actually allow you to prep for transitioning from an academic focused lifestyle to a professional one through high expectations and real world examples for exams.
5.0 : Love her quirkiness in class. She knows what she is talking about and is willing to meet you outside of class. Show up and work hard. You will need to spend a lot of time studying outside of class, but it is an investment (especially if you are this far into the major). She is brutally honest with you, so don't take it personally.
5.0 : Don't take this class if you're just trying to skate by and get into the business program. This class is really hard and there is a LOT of work. But in the end I loved it. I feel like I really learned a lot from professor Medlar and that she genuinely cared about us as students. The work was a pain, but it didn't feel at all like busy work.
5.0 : A gem of a professor. Challenging and expects a great deal from her students, but if you put in the effort her classes can be extremely rewarding. She is more approachable than most students might think. She is very passionate about ensuring her accounting students have secured a job by the end of school, and is quick  to give advice when asked.
5.0 : Yin is a great teacher and he is very knowledgable in Linguistic. Many fun facts were mentioned during his class. His class made me love Linguistics more!
5.0 : Crystal clear explanations, extensive knowledge of the topic, dynamic &amp; thorough in presenting new info. Very helpful and clears up any misunderstandings. Never doubted what I learned unless I wasn't paying attention, makes you work hard but he's not in the business of failing people. Straightforward and very easy to succeed if you put in the work
4.5 : Cassady is an amazing professor! She makes the class interesting and makes statistics a lot more fun. The class is challenging but she is always willing to take out extra time to help her students. I've never been very good at any type of math and I found that I did better than I thought in her class based on how well she taught the material.
4.5 : One of the best classes I've taken at UW. Super informatic, I really learned a lot. But the materials are interesting and she explains everything well.  A lot of readings and writings, in class and at home.  As long as you write long and thoughtful paragraphs for homework, it's an easy A.
5.0 : Cassady is AMAZING. Literally the greatest prof I've ever had. She makes it interesting and you learn a lot without having to do a ton of work. Readings/videos for every class, 12 journals where you have to write 2-3 paragraphs, 2 group projects (easy), and one medium length paper. It is structured very well. HIGHLY recommend!!
5.0 : I have been putting off taking stats for two years, and because of Cassady, I actually enjoyed it and learned it. I ended up with a 3.8 and didn't go through any extraordinary measures to get there. There's a lot of homework, but it's very beneficial to your learning. Kindest grading scale I have ever seen and great study guides. Take this class!
5.0 : She makes the effort to get to know you and remember details about you, even in a class of 80 students. She's nice, but no-nonsense when it comes to disrespectful behaviors from non-serious students. She keeps things interesting and approaches sensitive topics in a respectful way, so if you have an opportunity to take one of her classes DO IT!
5.0 : She's so sweet and cares that you learn!
4.0 : You need to be in class because there are short in class writings that you turn in that count for quite a bit of credit towards your grade. There is extra credit just for emailing relevant articles. The group projects weren't difficult. She is one of the nicest, kindest, and most passionate professors I've had.
5.0 : Great class that challenges your thinking on education in different countries. Super easy and offered lots of extra credit. Going to class matters. You got 10 points every time you come to class.
5.0 : Cassady is one of the nicest professors you will ever come across!  She really cares about her students and about the subject she is teaching.  Cassady's lectures are engaging and are made up of a lot of discussions.  There are group projects but Cassady takes a unique and helpful approach to make the group work beneficial.  Strongly recommend!
5.0 : Really made statistics fun and interesting. I took this class while designing my own honors thesis project so I got a lot of useful advice and learned a great deal. I will miss this class!
5.0 : She was so amazing best teacher ever.
4.0 : Awesome prof.
4.5 : I took her class three years ago and I really enjoyed it. I never did the readings and never talked in discussion session, but still managed to pull off a 3.7. Not sure how that happened. You will learn a lot of American History, though. The outlines that she provided at the beginning of each class were helpful. Study hard for the final.
4.0 : This was one of the more interesting classes I have taken at UW. No tests or quizzes. You're graded on participation and a research project. The research project centered around the University District. Lectures are really boring unless you like urban history. Honestly didn't care about urban history at all. Overall, the research project was fine.
2.0 : If you're just looking for  VLPA credits or looking for an enjoyable art experience, don't take the class. She makes you buy a list of the most expensive art materials. She gives you a low grade on your paintings if it doesn't match her artistic style - makes you change little things to fit her preference. Most disorganized syllabus, boring lecture
3.0 : Barbara likes to talk for a long period of time... Just pure rambling on unnecessary &amp; random topics. Participation is a HUGE aspect to her class... If you don't talk, your grade will be very low. She gives good feedback and is fairly nice when it comes to criticism for a student's art work, but she is NOT clear on her instructions for projects!!
5.0 : A wonderful professor. I took 5 of her classes and went on a study abroad with her. Yes her lectures are long, but they are informative and open students up to a wide range of styles and techniques. She genuinely cares about her students and is concerned with your success in her class, your general well being and your progress in the art world.
5.0 : Super knowledgeable and enthusiastic. I learned a lot from her lectures and demonstrations and loved being able to make something. Syllabus was useful and organized, and I enjoyed the class readings, discussions, and peer reviews. You have to do the assignments, but she isn't an unfair grader, same as other IAS classes. Awesome class and professor!
1.0 : I took this course only because it's required, and I'll never take it again. Barbara only gave you credits when you suits her preference, otherwise, you'll just get horrible score. She is also mean about your painting, her words made me think i'm not "gifted". JUST DON'T TAKE HER CLASS!!
5.0 : Barbara is a very great professor, she is enthusiastic and really care about her students.
5.0 : Really respectful.
3.0 : Barbara is very kind teacher, but she doesn't really teach anything in her class and very boring lectures. You mostly watching video and art works from some famous artists. All the techniques and inspirations are mostly come from yourself. She is a tough grader. If you never taken an art class before, I wouldn't suggest you to take her class.
4.0 : Nice teacher. Gives feedback, more if you need it. Two painting projects, participation, and an easy presentation is your grade. If you attend and make an effort, you will do well. There are a lot of intimidating painters, but don't be afraid. You may need to think more artistically, especially if that's not your thing.
5.0 : I had her for an online class and she sends out an update every week on whats due and what you should be learning. She also writes about events on campus and the community coming up related to the class material. There is a lot to read but as long as you do the work you'll be fine.
4.0 : The topic of Migration and Transnational families was so much more interesting than I thought it would be. She is such a caring teacher who wants everyone to succeed! Lots of reading and multiple easy assignments here and there. One midterm &amp; one final, but if you study and pay attention in class, you'll do great. Would definitely recommend!
5.0 : Professor De Veritch Woodside is quite the Spanish expert, and this class specifically is more of a massive experience in history, society, media, politics, anthropology and sociology that blew my mind. It is by no means an easy class, but the amount learned was incredible. It might be extra hard if you're struggling with Spanish.
4.5 : Excellent instructor.  She provides a lot of help and will meet for extra assistance.  Also, great feedback on every assignment.  It's just too much material to cover in one quarter unless you already have a background in Spanish.  I worked my butt off for a C.  The mandatory online lab is horrible and doesn't help at all - completely useless.
5.0 : LOVE her!! She cares so much about her students and is passionate about Hispanic studies. Offers many opportunities for extra credit. There is a lot of reading and assignments but it is very interesting and is important information.
5.0 : Good TA
5.0 : Intellectual, knowledgable, explains clearly.
5.0 : Amazing Professor. Clearly a solid choice for Math 307. Has great knowledge of the material, and explains everything clearly. Midterms and Final are of standard difficulty. All in All a great choice.
4.0 : I took Math 126 with Robinson over the summer as a non-matriculated student at UW. His lectures were very clear and his lecture notes were a godsend (sometimes I just read his lecture notes instead of going to class). Tests were fair. Compared to the other 126 professors he's a solid choice
5.0 : One of the best Math profs I've ever had. Super  clear lectures, and he is always willing to stay after and help students with concepts. Content on tests is never a huge surprise, and he grades tests fairly harshly.  I didn't get the best grade in the class, but that was entirely my fault for not putting in the work.
3.5 : Lectures are really long and you have to type/write fast to get everything down because he changes the slide super quick. He curved the midterm so the average was a 90% and that was great. He's cool, take his class.
1.0 : This professor has been the worst one I have ever had.  Not only does he grade your papers, discussions, etc. based on if he likes you or not.  Numerous times in this class I have noticed that I was getting lower grades than my classmates when I did as much or sometimes more/better work than they did. He gives horrible feedback, bad at replying.
4.0 : Gavin is a really nice guy. If you take his acting class, you'll be doing a lot of group work. He may not let you pick your own scene partners, which is the only negative. Otherwise he's really enthusiastic and passionate about acting!
5.0 : He had an amazing class. He gives lectures, which are boring, but one one day out of the two you have him for class. The other day is a fun day. The work you have to do is basically always an A but you will have to study for tests.
5.0 : Gavin grades your drafts rough to squeeze as much effort out of you but goes easy on your final work. he knows not everyone believes they are talented at first and will grade you based on effort. Gavin also likes to get involved in projects and is upfront and honest about his work. I've taken him twice and he never fails to impress me.
5.0 : OMG he's amazing! He's so nice and super good at replying. He was very enthusiastic doing lectures and I didn't feel like just another student in his class; he really made sure everyone got involved. The homework load wasn't too bad- only one essay and we had to read/ watch videos and such for discussions. He's great!
5.0 : Fantastic teacher! Made me confirm my decision to go in to SW, and will always hold a place in my heart. Super passionate about it, opened my eyes to so many ideas, and makes you want to go out and do good in the world. HW is easy (just answer all ?'s), lots of guest speakers/videos. He let us take the final at home (essay) and turn it in later.
2.0 : So rude, I emailed her about how one of the questions on a quiz was worded very oddly and I missed the question due to this. She replied saying other people told her that as well, but "sorry you feel that way" and I didnt get any points back. She's way too into herself.
4.0 : If you're looking for a easy A class then this is clearly not it. Material itself is really easy but the work load for this class is unbelievable.  This class is definitely doesn't qualify for 100 level class. Kristi and all the staffs are very helpful but when you think about the work load its just not worth it.
5.0 : Kristi is so great! She loves what she does and that is very clear, her class is very easy but the material is new and eye opening. Really recommend this course even if you aren't in the Envir major!
4.5 : Teaches the course like a high school teacher instead of a college professor. Not intellectually stimulating at all, even for an introductory course. You don't have to do the readings because the clicker questions are a joke.
1.5 : Midterm was WAY too hard. Grading scale only allows you to miss a small amount of points. Readings were sometimes over 20 pages long/night. Only 1% of extra credit was given throughout the whole course. If you're looking for an easy 4.0, I do NOT recommend taking this class!!!!
5.0 : Kristi is super sweet, cares for her students, and gives great lectures! She always has a positive attitude and loves talking with students! You can tell she's super interested in what she teaches. She keeps the class engaged and is open to other ways to facilitate learning (either from service learning, outside events, or something else).
5.0 : Great class,  she really cares about her students and the material. Would recommend for any major student, definitely deeply impacted me.
4.0 : Professor Straus was my favorite lecturer of the Envir100 class I took. She always made it through her slides and gave clear examples and explanations of the topic. There is a lot of reading for this class, but usually the clicker points were given if you clicked in an answer.
5.0 : Awesome lectures! She is really passionate about the topics which makes it easy to listen to.
4.0 : Kristi is obviously passionate about her material. The class is predictable as far as grading goes (clicker questions based on readings; moderately easy midterm &amp; final w/ everything from the review guide). Some of the readings were way too long (If it's 20 page, just skim for the bolded text), and others were 4-page news articles.
4.0 : She is a great professor, very enthusiastic at the material she is teaching. I took ENVIR100 online, easy A if you do all the homework assignments and watch all the lectures.
5.0 : Kristi was probably my favorite professor I've had so far. Her energy and passion were incredibly engaging, and she's just such an nice human. Thanks for the quarter.
5.0 : She's awesome, there's a good amount of reading but it's easily doable. Tests are straight forward and she gives full credit on assignments if u actually do them.
5.0 : Kristi is an amazing professor, I'm not interested in environmental studies, and this class seemed intimidating at first because of that, but it was so much fun, I learned so much, and I can't say enough good things about it. She is very passionate about the subject and it makes it easy to comprehend the material without even trying.
5.0 : Kristi is an amazing lecturer and person. She has made me deeply consider entering the environmental field of academia. There are five week long projects with 500 word reflections but they are pretty easy, however you must do them because they are worth 100 points each. The readings can be long and tedious but Kristi summarizes them in class. :) 3
5.0 : Kristi was an awesome teacher!! She is very involved with her students, and she holds awesome office hours. Her exams are very reasonable, she doesn't test small details, and lets you know exactly what you need to know. Take this class!
5.0 : Take this class!! A great overview of sustainability that fits well into any discipline or major!
5.0 : Kristi is the best professor at the UW, I am certain. She is passionate, caring, and so ready &amp; willing to accomodate students. She made my quarter incredible, and I will miss this class so, so much. Please take a class with Kristi if you ever get the chance!
5.0 : Kristi is a fantastic teacher and an inspirational woman. Her lectures are clear and the tests are straightforward. Take her class if you can!
5.0 : I dont know where she gets her energy from, but Kristi is always lively in lecture. Shes highly approachable and is there to assist you with any questions and problems. She really values participation in class, but fret not if youre the nervous type because the class content will somehow encourage you to share your opinions.
4.5 : A fairly nice guy and easygoing teacher, though I had a hard time keeping up during lectures. However, the text he uses is very easy and he's extremely helpful during office hour so I guess that balance the brutal lectures. If you are able to do the HWs, the exams be a breeze since they follow up straight from them. Decent guy.
5.0 : He's nice and he knows what he's talking about. He can clearly explain anything anytime.
5.0 : Roseann is a fantastic teacher because she cares about the subject she is teaching. Her class activities enable students to get outside their comfort zone and learn. I would recommend her for a teacher!
5.0 : Roseann is one of the best social work professors at UWT.  Not only does she care deeply about the subject the teaches, she also cares about her students and will take extra steps to ensure they have what they need to succeed.  I would also agree that her class activities are great for the daily subject learning and helpful for students.
4.5 : Roseann has been the BEST professor I've had here! She is extraordinarily nice and really cares about her students. The five hour class flew by, amazingly enough. She grades very easy and it's not necessary to read most of the textbook, although it is interesting reading.
5.0 : Awesome teacher! Simple and crisp way of communicating ideas, often, mixed with humor. The course was well designed and pace of the class was perfect. A number of cool things to learn from the course (especially, the assignments). Overall, the course is worth taking for any inquisitive mind.
5.0 : Very informative lectures and fun homework. The materials are interesting and are applicable to non-majors as well. I enjoy Eli's class a lot!
5.0 : I loved this class! The instructor was very engaging. He encouraged students to perfect their codes and collaborate with other students in class and on the discussion board. It was very interactive and the instructor and students were very enthusiastic. The spirit of the classroom was uplifting! Perhaps the best class I have taken at UW!
5.0 : I learned a ton of great stuff from this class. Recommended for any science/engineering students. Worked on cool projects from subjects such as quantum mechanics and fluid dynamics and learned how to do some really cool stuff in Matlab! Prof and TAs are very helpful in office hours! Prof is super cool and this is a class you will enjoy going to!
5.0 : Highly recommended. The material was well organized and presented very clearly. I learned a great deal of useful scientific computing methods from this class. Instructor was helpful and engaging.
4.5 : Eli is a superb professor.  His lectures always kept my attention.  I learned a substantial amount of practical Matlab coding skills in his class.  Assignments are long, but rewarding when finished.
5.0 : Absolutely loved this class. Subject material clearly presented, fast-paced, and directly related to assignments. Professor S readily available to provide assistance, along with the awesome TAs. The assignments just plain fun, especially when you had the Aha moment and got them working and doing cool things. Lots of corny jokes. A+
5.0 : One of the best Professors I've found at UW
4.0 : I had to take this course because it is required. The course is generally informative. The pace is slow for graduate students. Having automated grading is what I liked the most about the course. Final project description does not match the grading rubric. TA inexperienced. Suggestion is to base the grade fully on Scorelator like past years .
5.0 : Emily was by far the best professor I have had to date. For one who has always despised English as a subject, her approach made me change my mind. She was great at instilling confidence and her feedback was clear, thoughtful and really guided my revision. If you have the option of taking her class, go for it! You won't regret it!
5.0 : Emily is one of my favorite teachers I've had in my lifetime. She is so friendly and always willing to help, and she wants to see every student succeed. Her passion shows in her eyes when she speaks. Don't ever pass up an opportunity to take one of her classes.
5.0 : Emily is a great teacher. She is very excited about what she is teaching and she makes even an early class bearable. It's clear that she loves what she is teaching and does a great job making it easier to understand. The English 1 11,21 and 31 classes are not necessarily the most fun but Emily's class is one of the best I have taken at UW.
5.0 : Emily is a great. She is realistic, personable and always willing to help out a student. She makes a sucky mandatory class a more bearable
5.0 : Like most mandatory classes, this class sucks. However, Emily is a passionate and enthusiastic, which makes the class a little less boring. She is also easy on the eyes, which can be distracting at times. Overall, Emily's class is probably your best option for your English comp requirement
5.0 : She is super nice and helpful! Loved this class and I usually do not like English classes at all so that's saying something!
5.0 : Professor Emily is very passionate,  cares about her students, and she makes class fun! There was a lot of reading involved, but professor Emily assigned interesting stories and she kept the class interested. I would love to take more classes with her. She also responded promptly to emails.
5.0 : Emily is the best professor I have had at UW. She is passionate, excited, and knowledgeable about her course. She loves in-class discussion and welcomes all participation. I have never received kinder and more helpful essay feedback than I have from her. She is the reason I'm continuing as an English major! 2 essays, short readings every night.
5.0 : Emily gives great feedback on essays. I think she takes time to look at every essay submitted because all the feedbacks I received were very specific and helpful for me to find out what I need for improvements. She is also very nice and I enjoy talking to her a lot. In conclusion, if you want to improve writing, I highly recommend her classes.
5.0 : Miriam Kahn (Mimi) is one of the best anthropology professors I've ever had the honor to study with.  She is clear, concise, helpful, compassionate and nurturing. Take a class with her now, while you can!
5.0 : Miriam is an excellent person, cares about you and wants you to succeed. There is a lot of reading and unfortunately a lot of it is academic. She also requires you to buy her book (enjoy the royalties), be ready for a couple pop quizzes. She is a reasonable grader and wants you to get something out of her class. Love the guest speakers she brings!
5.0 : An amazing professor and kind, wonderful person. Honored to have had the chance to learn from her, and highly recommend to others.
5.0 : Mimi is by far one of the greatest professors that has ever taught me! I never found any of her lectures to be dull or redundant. I got so much out of this class. The key to being successful in this class is to finish reading ALL of the assigned readings ON TIME. As long as you do the readings, her pop-quizzes should be a breeze.
5.0 : Jessica is an AWESOME professor! She really cares about her students and works with you to help you do the best. She is very empathetic &amp; leads great class discussions. She really allows students to grow, speak their mind and learn a lot. Also, her research is very engaging. If you have the opportunity to have her, I HIGHLY encourage you to do so
1.5 : Horrible. Boring discussions, just showed powerpoints with long quotes. Not very friendly, helpful or understanding. Opaque grading.
5.0 : Very interesting subject. Lots of insights and great group discussions. Prof is very engaged, super helpful and gives detailed feedback. There is a LOT of close reading (6 books, cover to cover), so if that is not your thing, don't do it. Attendance is a must, but it is worth it. Highly recommend it.
5.0 : Prof. Johnson is one of the best Anth professors at UW. You get to write three short papers and an 8 pg. paper on a church you visit for 7-8 weeks.  She knows her material, especially when it comes to the controversial topics about gender and identity. She definitely showed respect to people's views and beliefs. So I really respect her for that.
4.0 : She was pretty easy with the papers because she understood the extra pressures of other work. If you keep in touch with her she will work with you.  There was a lot of reading for her class, but if you like analytic papers and analyzing readings this is the class for you. And she is pretty straight forward for what she expects in your work.
4.5 : I loved this class. Her teaching style may not be for everybody [she presented PowerPoints that were often very wordy] but the course material made up for it. The photo essay and 1 minute film were very fun. There is one midterm and one final and that's practically it. The topics were interesting and her examples were wonderful.
5.0 : This class was amazing! No real textbook but one reader and a few books, used heavily. Mostly in-class discussions (very rewarding, too) with reading response papers and a final ethnography project at a church of our choosing. Jessica is so engaging in these smaller class settings. Definitely want to take another with her soon!
3.0 : Big lecture class-interest level of students was pretty low. Yes, the lecture is mostly straight out of the textbook. However, you will find that a big part of exams are things covered in lecture. The quiz section was a drag, mostly pointless. I'm not sure how she curves our final grade, but my grade was definitely higher than what I expected.
3.5 : Jessica is a great professor. She's very engaging and her lectures aren't boring. Her lecture material comes straight from the textbook and she includes a lot of examples/references from pop culture to make things more interesting. The exams were multiple choice, matching and 2 or so essay questions.
5.0 : The reading is challenging, the content is challenging but the subject is fascinating and Dr. Johnson knows her stuff, she is fair and very helpful.
5.0 : Such a great professor, honestly my favorite so far! There were readings that we were supposed to do before class, and if you didn't read then it could be a little confusing, but only having 2 classes a week made this very manageable. I'm so happy I took this class with Professor Johnson I learned so much about myself and the topics we covered.
5.0 : The final ethnography based on our experiences at a religious institution changed my life. That sounds dramatic but it's true. She treats everyone with the utmost respect and will bring the best out of you. I think I can speak for all of us that we were very sad when the class was over.
5.0 : Prof. Johnson is the type of professor that pushes you to think outside of the box with her enthusiasm and knowledge. If you have the time to take a class with her, especially this one, DO IT! She's open, charismatic, helpful, and genuinely impressed by all her students. Best class I've taken at UW
5.0 : Such a great class! Professor Johnson makes her students think critically and promotes engaging discussions. The readings are not easy but they are interesting and the way she helps the class understand them is so helpful.
5.0 : I thought Prof. Johnson was really great at helping the class navigate issues that were new and challenging. She didn't talk down to people or make them feel stupid for not understanding. I found her very approachable and ready to help in office hours and overall obviously passionate about the subject and the students.
5.0 : Amazing class! Professor Johnson really stretched our thinking, very involved with the students! She is knowledgeable and passionate with the topics that we covered! Highly recommended!
5.0 : Jessica is a fair and practical instructor, she keeps it real and makes class enjoyable. Reading was a little dense, but she does a great job in going over the materials and in making sure everyone is involved and on the same page. You will learn a lot during class discussions, things that will stretch your mind. Would recommend!
5.0 : Passionate about what she is teaching and has a way of making it contagious. Glad to have been her student.
5.0 : Quit honestly my favorite professor I've had as a Medical Anthropology Major. Her lectures are great and clear. With explanations being easy to understand. No final here, just two in-class quizzes, a couple papers, and a fun final project. Expect to learn a lot from her!
5.0 : Upper level anth class, very discussion heavy. But attend lectures and do readings and you'll be able to cruise through. Jessica is a great facilitator and lecturer on difficult material. You'll learn a lot about Biopower while you're at it!
5.0 : I absolutely love(d) Jessica! She's one of my all time favorite professors. She's knowledgeable, passionate, and really relates to her students. She genuinely carea about what she's teaching and who she's teaching it to. She cares whether or not you learn, and she's almost always willing to have a conversation with you about anything. A+++!
4.0 : Great Class with interesting topics of discussion
4.0 : Not too easy, not too hard. Lots of critical thinking.
5.0 : Excellent professor. Makes the class really interesting, and encourages everyone to participate in class discussion. Also, extremely helpful professor who helps you if you have any concerns with the class.
5.0 : Great prof if you are willing to be open minded. She very clearly knows her stuff and is willing to help you understand it too. Encouraging but if you cannot back up your statements she will see through you right away. Class is entirely readingessayproject based.
4.0 : She is seriously so cool. I always felt comfortable talking in class and participating. She is really easy to work with and really cares about students. I wish I had taken a class with her earlier! She knows what she is talking about and makes really abstract concepts make sense. If you get the chance take a class with her!
4.5 : The class consisted of reading and discussions but the professor was very helpful in teaching the reason behind the text and provided many videos for examples. She is inspirational and hilarious, she values everyones opinions and loves to teach.
5.0 : Dr. Jessica Johnson ("Dr. JJ") is a real gem. Without a doubt, she is one of the best professors I have ever had at the University of Washington. Dr. JJ is caring, funny, nice, and smart. In ANTH 305, there are only 2 response papers, 2 short-answer quizzes, and 1 huge final project. If you attend lectures and office hours, she will help you pass.
4.5 : professor Johnson is really passionate about what she teaches and she teaches well! The readings are tough and sometimes hard to understand but the class discussions really helped me get through that, so don't skip class! She's fun and a great listener, greatly interested in if her students understood the contents.
5.0 : Such a great lecturer and professor. She really invests in her student's ability to learn and grasp the concepts of the class. She definitely made discussions interesting and easy to follow. This class was mostly based on writing. Very straight-forward in what she expects from you. For sure one of the BEST teachers I've ever had at the UW.
5.0 : I loved this class! It was the most interesting course I have taken at UW and it was all because of Pfeiffer's passion and personal connection to the subject! If you are at all interested in global and international health, I would strongly recommend taking this course. There is one midterm and a final paper and essay with long weekly readings.
5.0 : All you freaking do it read! Great class, really educational and the teaching is so great, but only 2 questions on the midterm and final and the reading is so heavy!
5.0 : Very passionate professor. All you do is read, do a weekly reading reflection, paper and two exams. Graded the exams fairly easily but there's only two questions. Offered a lot of extra credit. He was so into the topic which made it way easier to pay attention and understand the material. Definitely should skim the readings and go to class to pass.
5.0 : The reading for this class is very heavy and can be repetitive. Dr. P. Is great though, he does current work in Africa and is very current on everything to do with AIDS research. This is a challenging class, there are grad students in this class as well, they do the same reading, but write a longer paper, be prepared to work.
5.0 : Professor Wheless really cares about her students. She has open and helpful office hours, and made great adjustments to our final study guide after receiving feedback on the midterm study guide. Any student who puts in effort can truly 4.0 this course.
5.0 : Interesting class, professor is extremely knowledgeable and up to date on current events, really helpful and straight forward, overall easy class, was absent more than most professors but honestly I didn't mind that at all
5.0 : Amazing professor and very down-to-earth guy! He teaches as if he is a friend not a superior and this makes the environment very pleasant. Genuinely wants students to succeed and goes out of his way to help. Class is a lot of work, but he helps you as much as he can and adapts due dates when necessary. Much recommended!
5.0 : My first professor at UW. He is very hilarious, class is entertaining and engaging. He is an easy grader but also gives good feedback to students and care his students. A great young professor. Recommend.
4.0 : One of the BEST Microbiology professor I have taken at UW thus far!!! Presentation of ideas followed clear concise flow, making connection of different ideas very easy and smooth. He also highlight important things that will be tested!
3.5 : Pretty much what everyone else said below. It's a good class. Insane amount of memorization though. Not curved, but otherwise very simple short answermultiple choice questions that are all recall-based. No analyzing whatsoever. If you hate memorization, but prefer analysis, i recommend Microm 450 instead.
3.5 : Simply put, it's all about memorization. Your grade is based on 2 midterms and a final. The first midterm is 40 points, second is 80 points, and final is 80 points. There is no curve for this class. They set it up to a 100% mark based on the scores of the top undergrads in the class then they divide. On average expect to memorize 280 slides.
4.5 : All the lectures after the introductory lectures were really interesting. Jason talks pretty quickly so having a copy of the notes in class is helpful and the lectures are all recorded so for future reference they can be found on the class page. There are 2 midterms and 1 final all short answer. And no need of a textbook for the class.
4.5 : Super enthusiastic, very entertaining, a LOT of work but worth it.  Warning: makes you memorize formulas.
5.0 : Alison is a great professor that is very passionate about her research and her teaching.  She maintains a high-energy classroom and is easy to connect with.  Sometimes the work can pile up if you fall behind, but it's worth it in the end.
3.0 : Grades are based on 1 quiz, 1 midterm, a final paper and attendance, that's it. It's not a lot of reading for a JSIS class, but lectures can be a bit boring and I hate the attendance requirement when you could just read and be OK. She had her husband guest lecture once though and he's amazing. Overall kinda dry but very nice and will work with you.
4.0 : She is a really knowledgeable professor and she always wants to help. If you show up to class, do most of the reading and take some notes to review before a quiz, you can easily get a good grade.
4.5 : She is so understanding that nurses work full time and have families outside of school. There are plenty of open discussions that she is passionate about. I would definitely take her again!
2.0 : OMG if you are not geologist, then don't take it!! It's super boring and ridiculous class.  You have quizzes online before class. She asks you to understand everything she said and everything in the book. Final is the whole freaking book (which costs you $100)! And it took her 1 week to answer the email...
4.5 : Avery is a great professor. The class very fun and was super engaging. Plenty of field trips and activities as well! There is a decent amount of work but the class is very organized and dates are deeply expressed. Over all, recommend this course to anyone. Its very very educational.
5.0 : You can tell she is passionate about what she does and that is inspiring to see in a professor. She is very, very organized and is extremely helpful. If you ever have questions she won't just give you the answer she will work with you to find it.
3.5 : In her Water in the West class, she had us do a LOT of busy work. There was 15-30 page readings twice a week, an online quiz per week and two field trips. The field trips were interesting, but she didn't include facts of them on the tests, and we had to provide our own transportation on our own time. We had both a final project and a final exam.
4.5 : Jorge was very approachable, enthusiastic, and eager to help. Easy class, which you would expect from a 100-level course. Assignments were short.
5.0 : Jorge combines a real passion for the subject and his work with a warmth and a kindness that is completely remarkable. Having taken this class just for NW credit, Ive found the subject interesting and him completely wonderful, funny and clever. Also he has an adorable laugh. If you can take his class, do.
2.5 : Condescending and elitist.  Excellent knowledge, but makes you feel less than in a way that feels purposeful.
4.5 : Nice lady.. the final was 40% of the grade.. 2 easy homeworks.. I barely went to class but still got a B
4.5 : Great lecturer.. cares a lot about her students.. very approachable and respectful but u really must read the assigned works
5.0 : Easily one of the best professors I have had during my time at UW.  Really cares about helping her students and providing an open and creative classroom environment.
3.0 : homework was challenge, and usually messed up!
5.0 : TAKE HIM! he's super chill! Great with help and this class is awesome! Easy 4.0 if you can memorize a bunch of words and grasp basic language rules. He's the best! Extra credit is abundant!!! so if you try, you should 4.0 as well! two exams, one cumulative. book needed! HW daily, but easy! pop quizzes--also easy if you keep up with the words !
5.0 : Wow! Great class! Super interesting and corresponds well with biology. Nick is a great guy and is really passionate about classics! I highly recommend taking this class! There is no curve and it's a great way to start your day!
5.0 : Awesome class for biology majors and psychology majors. GPA booster
5.0 : She assigns a lot of homework. Her explanationslectures are significantly better than the book. DO NOT MISS CLASS . She also cares a lot about every person in the class learning the material. If you're not understanding a concept, be honest and speak up. Tests are not open booknote, but the difficulty is on the lower side if you did the homework.
5.0 : Amazing professor.  She will go out of her way to make sure that you understand the material inside and out.  She would hold study sessions for students consistently and would make sure she would set time aside to do them weeks of exams.  She is beyond passionate about having students learn and understand.  One downside, you get buried in homework.
3.5 : Busy work for days. Lots of reading and responses and papers!
5.0 : Very great professor. More of a friend than staff member. Great feedback. No tests. Beware of readings. Lots of fun topics and activities. Easy work, tough grader. 5-7 papers total. 3 books to read. A lot of stuff to print out. Work is due hardcopy. Will be in groups. Blogs are a must.
5.0 : Jane is an amazing professor, she really goes out of her way to teach and make the class fun. They're quite a bit of reading but they're all really easy. Like we read fun comics and write a opinion paper of 1 page on it. VERY EASY work. She is also very caring and responds to emails very quickly. Would take her again. She's also fuego!!
5.0 : I love Jane!! By far my favorite so far. She bases her in-class lectures on the students feedback so 1. It's anything but boring and 2. You can see she really understands what she's teaching. Go Jane Wong!!!!!
5.0 : Jane is the absolute best! If you're debating, just choose her. Trust me. She'll help you out as much as you need &amp; offers letters of reccomendation if you need it. She's personable &amp; fun in teaching important matters you'll actually use in life!
5.0 : Love Jane! She's extremely passionate about what she teaches, very involved with students, and she makes being in class fun! Take her!! She's AMAZING!
5.0 : If you like poetry at talking all class period about in-between the lines, this is the class for you. very hard to fail this class. Amazing professor
5.0 : She's helpful and cares about whether you learn or not. She's clear on what she expects on the tests but you MUST attend lectures! Textbook is not mandatory. Her lectures are fun and so are the guest speakers. It was my first SPHSC class and I really enjoyed it!
4.5 : Best communication teacher ever. Very helpful, gives extra credits, tests are mostly multiple choices and is not that hard if you study. Definitely recommended.
3.5 : Miles is a GREAT guy- very funny &amp; accommodating. Communications is his life. But sometimes he's not *the* best at explanations. I still feel like I learned a lot though. He wants you to succeed so ask him for help. He starts out as a decently easy grader but gets harder near the final. If you're lucky, he gives out a few points of extra credit!
4.0 : Rhetorical Criticism. For a class in rhetoric, he makes it fun, engaging, but also challenging and relevant. Light-hearted, but makes you think critically. Everyone in the class really enjoyed Miles as a professor and continue to compare other classes to COM 431. He set a nice standard at the UW.
5.0 : She now teaches in Liu broolyn very enthusiastic with t he material. she  talks about the change in dance and music and open another world up with art. Easy papers to do but need to put details of movement. Does not want us to describe movement with the word movement.  Sometimes serious and loves participation
1.0 : Stephanie Liapis was not a good yoga instructor. She was not encouraging and provoked irritation instead of a calm attitude. It was a very unfortunate class because yoga is supposed to be healing, not a negative experience.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've had in 18 years of dance. A light-hearted, caring, and determined individual with incredible feedback, thrilling "dancey" phrases, and inspirational creative directives.
4.5 : Stephanie is one of the best modern instructors I have ever had. On the second day of class, she gave me an individual goal for the quarter, and I've been working on it ever since. She gives promotive feedback to everyone who truly works in her class. She will want you to go to outside performances, so do it.
5.0 : Thoroughly enjoyed her. She is extremely knowledgeable, and brings in a lot of personal experience stories. Her study guides are a bit vague, but she will answer ANY questions about a test before taking it. Brought in really awesome speakers too!
5.0 : Has experience in the Social Work profession and is hott.  Provided good explanations to why this class is important and how to be successful  by utilizing the skills we practiced and studied.
5.0 : I loved Richard's class because it was so much different from normal classes. He brings in a ton of guest speakers and introduces you to the aspects of being an entrepreneur. His accomplishments outside the classroom are astounding, and I greatly appreciated his knowledge he shared with us in Entre 370.
5.0 : Great professor. Had a very friendly grading system, prepared and handed out class notes, and had lectures which conveyed the material well. Though they are not required, I would recommend attending. He will tell things as they are, so if he uses your solution as an example of a wrong answer, don't take it personally.
5.0 : Amazing professor, enjoyed how she was very explicit regarding the biochemical analysis. TIPS: pay attention to small details from lecture as they will appear on quizzes, study the growth patterns/color/g stain on the agar as it is essential on midterm/final, study the lab that takes place after the quiz. Overall she's always there to help, so ask.
5.0 : One of the more interesting classes I've taken. She explains the material very well, and is more than happy to answer questions and help you succeed: all you have to do is ask! She's flexible and willing to do whatever she can to help you. She's very friendly and wants to help you learn. Lots of studying &amp; memorizing, but it's totally worth it.
4.0 : Good professor. Graded much easier than I thought he would. As long as you turn in the assignment you will get full credit. He is flexible with deadlines. He allows for paper rewrites for a higher grade. The only negative comment is it took a very long time to get feedback and grades.
5.0 : Wonderful class! Jim is really helpful and is always available for questions. Some of the texts are dense but the group discussions helped. I plan on taking another class with him if possible.
5.0 : He was a great teacher who really cares about whether or not you do well in his class. While he does put stock in attendance/participation, he does not shove it down your throat like some other teachers do. He lets you write your papers on what you are passionate about instead of limiting you to the text.
5.0 : Great guy overall.  Very confident in his work.  He is very patient and provides quick email responses.  Expect to write weekly journals.  Reading expectation is light to moderate.  He offers extra credit opportunities where you write about your experience at a cultural event such as an opera or play.
5.0 : Dr. Liner is one of the most intelligent and understanding professors I have taken at UWT. His knowledge in literature is extensive and he is always able to provide helpful feedback to students. Very clear with his expectations. He truly cares about you and your success in the class. Would definitely take another course with him.
5.0 : Wonderful class! He covered the American Dream in this Lit class and it was one of the best classes I had here. His knowledge his thorough and it shows in his discussions. He provides a significant amount of feedback on essays and even provides the option for one rewrite. Definitely sign up for this class, or any class from Jim.
4.0 : Probably one of my favorite professors. Very confident in what he is teaching, fair grader, not so much work that the class is overwhelming, but participation and homework completion is a must for a passing grade. Lots of class discussions, he really just wants you to engage and contribute in class.
5.0 : Professor Liner is an amazing teacher. He lets you write your papers on what you are interested in instead of forcing you to stick to the assigned readings. He gives helpful feedback and is willing to work with you. The hardest part in this class was dealing with freshmen who don't think they need to do any of the readings in order to pass.
5.0 : Professor Liner is a really helpful and understanding Professor. Not to mention very insightful and just brilliant. His voice is like liquid gold. He really wants you to understand and participate in class. You can tell he cares a lot about what he is teaching and who he is teaching!!
5.0 : This class was great. We only needed to get a 94% overall in the class to get a 4.0.
5.0 : Had this professor before, very good at what he does, knows his field. Good balance between discussion and lecture in class; always willing to listen to student thoughts. High grading standards but he's very helpful; will definitely help you improve your writing, depending which class he's teaching. Grades for participation.
5.0 : This class was a series of group projects, focused on one major project, and also a summer course, both of which made this class more difficult. But the professor is very helpful, knowledgeable and engaging. Gives comprehensive feedback on drafts and grades fairly. Does grade for participation. For his first hybrid-online course, he did very well.
5.0 : Jim is great! His expectations seem very high at first, but he makes them so easy to reach. He's hilarious, kind, very accessible and understanding. Class discussion is very engaging&amp;illuminating. He's super knowledgeable, helpful, and respectful. He cares about individual students and our ideas.
4.5 : Great teacher! Super involved in the school. Very understandable to certain circumstances and is overall completely awesome. Definitely recommend her as a teacher. The one thing I will say is that I took a 4 12 hour class on Friday's and that was pretty rough. Besides that, great course, really easy.
5.0 : Very good instructor. She's really laid back and shows interests in the material she covers. She also explains the course material well to clear up any confusion. Class time was spent discussing the readings. Consists of two essays, a small group presentation, and group essay. Only down side was that there are a LOT of readings.
5.0 : She considers this a workshop class so attendance is a must with the materials but there aren't many required textbooks and she grades based on effort and is super flexible. She will work with you and give you lots of constructive criticism. This is a great class to take if you really want to work on your writing or see what is out there.
4.5 : I went into this class not knowing what to expect and found it to be entertaining and challenging.  This class will get you to mess around with language and break rules you  didn't even know you were rigidly following.  This is a great class!
5.0 : I've taken two of her classes and each one was far from disappointing. She is very involved with the curriculum and the class and she never fails to make it interesting. She's really nice and is always open to any questions you have. So in a nutshell, I'd definitely recommend taking her class.
4.0 : Good instructor; comments on the draft papers were precise and greatly helpful. Lectures were not as interesting and there was sometimes a lack of clarity of the assignment. However, it was understandable considering him being a non-native English speaker. Besides, do go to the office hours! if u want good GPA, this will be a good choice.
4.0 : Great instructor! I love him. He is also very handsome!!!
4.5 : Really admire his charismatic personality as well as effective teaching. Very brave non-native instructor. It's really a shame that he left UW in 2015.
5.0 : He is incredibly nice and very knowledgeable on the subject.  I would recommend getting to know him well, you will love him.
5.0 : Bara is one of the best ones I've known so far at UW. He has a huge sense of humor and always makes class enjoyable. Outside class, he's very friendly and approachable. I played soccer few times with him, and it was fun. French and Italian have crazy grading scale (96.5% for 3.9), but it's manageable if you put some effort in and go to class .
5.0 : Very cool and generally easy going prof. If you aren't interested in classical Arabic lit, this prof isn't for you. Take a class with her if you want to want to benefit from the knowledge of an expert Arabist.
5.0 : Professor DeYoung is extremely knowledgeable about her field of Arabic studies, and has tons of cool stories about her travels in the Mid-East. The readings that she assigned for our Arabic Novels class were superb: there was a TON of reading, but if you go into a literature class expecting otherwise then I don't know what to tell you.
4.5 : Professor Ostroff always made lectures interesting and engaging. He is one of the best math professors I have ever had.
5.0 : Jonah is an amazing teacher who genuinely cares about how you're doing in his class. He has a great sense of humor and explains the concepts in an easy way. Make sure to pay attention in lectures, take good notes, and practice old exams in preparation for midterms and the final.
5.0 : Jonah is so nice and If you see he teach the class, take his.
5.0 : Funny
5.0 : Awesome!
5.0 : Jonah is by far the best math teacher I've ever had. Very clear and informative lectures with a nice inclusion of humor! He uses technology extremely well, which helps us students out immensely (in other words, he's not just going through a poorly designed PowerPoint). Additionally, he tries to make very relevant and applicable world problems!
5.0 : Jonah is the best math prof. He is funny, helpful, and really nice. He really wants to make sure that everyone understands what he's teaching. Also, if you use the discussion forum on WebAssign it's REALLY helpful! USE IT! and TAKE HIS COURSE! He's a great guy
5.0 : Seriously thank god for jonah. Made me not want to kms during math 120. He was really funny and explained everything thoroughly and clearly. He was really helpful outside of class too! Definitely go to the reviews he holds before exams. Take math with him if you can.
4.5 : Jonah is an amazing lecturer. He is funny and engaging and has a talent for making the material clear to understand. If you have a question he will stop immediately to make sure you understand and is very helpful during office hours. He also holds an exam review outside of class before every midterm and final, which is very helpful. #1 math teacher
4.5 : Very clear lectures and seems to be very helpful in office hours and the discussion boards.
4.5 : He is a very good professor. He is really funny and he makes going to math actually fun. He is really good at his job and his lectures are really helpful.
5.0 : Jonah made me love math! He is hilarious and I honestly felt he wanted to help you! If you could get Jonah as a professor I am positive you would learn something new. Great guy, even better professor!
5.0 : I'm currently auditing this class, meaning taking it to prepare me for 124 not for credit and I could not recommend this class more. After dropping out of 124 within the first week because I felt like I didn't understand calc well enough this professor has restored my faith and love for math. Show up, take good notes, and you will succeed.
5.0 : His lectures are rarely boring. He has great lecture notes and is very clear when explaining topics. Overall a great professor.
4.5 : Great professor, easy to understand lectures. The exams are difficult.
5.0 : He made math 120 really fun and understandable. Anytime someone would ask a question, he made sure you understood. His lectures are well worth attending, as they demonstrate the ideas well.
5.0 : Usually entertaining and engaging lectures. Be prepared to sink a decent amount of time into homework. About an hour per day. He does have an online homework discussion board that he maintains, so it is very easy to get help. If you can do the homework, you can do the tests. Tutorial sections are useless if you did the homework already.
5.0 : Best math professor that I could have asked for. He's hilarious and super nice. He is probably one of the only math professors that actually has way too many students show up to office hours because he's so helpful and easy to talk to.
4.0 : Math has really been a struggle for me since coming to college but Ostroff seems to want his students to do well. It requires a lot of work but as long as you reach out, he will do whatever he can to help. The TA I had was really good too! Quite a bit of homework, but in order to do well, you should definitely be completing it and then some!
5.0 : Jonah is definitely the best teacher for Pre-calc at UW. He uses new technology for his lectures, is clear when explaining concepts, and his awkwardly hilarious personality makes class fun.  However, the homework is pretty hard but fortunately the midterms are easier than the homework.
5.0 : If I could take Jonah for every math class, I would. I knew most of the stuff already due to HS calc but still went to office hours/class because he's such a great guy. The worst part about him is he's not teaching 125 next quarter.
5.0 : Jonah is simply the best. Not only is a fantastic teacher, but he actually made me enjoy math lectures. The homework may be significantly more difficult than anything you've ever experienced, but worry not. His tests are pretty easy. 10+ for his office hours too. Go to them. My only complaint about Jonah is that he isn't teaching 125!!! Miss him!!
5.0 : He was simply the best! Very understanding and truly wants his students to succeed. A refreshing change of pace from some of the other professors at such a large, public, research focused university.
4.0 : Charming and funny guy, really great at trying to make calculus easy to understand. His lectures go at a good pace, not rushing through the content or going too slow. His tests are a bit harder compared to the other math 125 profs, so that's worth looking out for.
5.0 : Professor Ostroff gives very clear engaging lectures. Tests are also very fair as well. As you long as you do lots of practice exams and make sure you use the study guides to study the right material, you will do fine. I'd give him a 10/10 and would definitely take his class again. If you get him, you will learn a lot and have fun in his class.
5.0 : I really enjoyed taking calculus 2 with Jonah. He was a very dedicated professor who really cared about helping students understand difficult topics. He also holds review sessions before tests which can be very helpful. I also felt that his tests were easy if you did the practice exams. I am just sad that he won't be teaching math 126 next quarter.
5.0 : Great professor! He has an amazing sense of humor. I took him for precalc and now taking him for math 124. If you come to class and do the homework you will do great the average of midterms in his class is usually around 80% at least in 124 its been around there. His grading is really nice too the lower midterm is weighed less than the better 1. :)
5.0 : Jonah is the best math professor that I have ever had! He made calculus enjoyable and easy to understand. It is obvious, he has a great love for the subject. His lectures are easy to follow, and his grading methods on tests are great. Also, he is very understanding with any problems you may have with the course. Plus he writes his own math songs!
4.5 : Best professor I have had at UW, or in most of my other schooling. Very knowledgeable and so so interesting. Jonah is a great person and does his best with curves so everyone can do their best. His creative examples and home recorded songs make his class the best!! Would love to have my next math class with him.
5.0 : Jonah is one of the best math teachers I have ever had. He presents the material very clearly and is excellent at answering questions. This class made math very enjoyable to me. If you are taking Math 124-126 I would recommend trying to get into his section.
5.0 : Try to get into his section if you can! Professor Ostroff is arguable the best mathematics professor at the university. He has good lectures and his tests are pretty fair if you do all a bunch of old exams. He also holds his own review sessions before tests, which are very helpful as well. A solid 10/10!!
5.0 : Jonah is AWESOME. Best professor I've had yet at UW.  He really cares about the success of his students and puts in a lot of extra time and effort between his discussion forums and extended office hours before tests. His lectures are very informative and he gives lots of examples. You always know what's expected of you! He's a great teacher.
4.5 : Probably one of the best professors/lecturers I'll have at UW. His lectures are so helpful and essential for doing well. He has great explanations too, and he's helpful during office hours. Definitely prepared us for the final exam too.
5.0 : Jonah is the best!
5.0 : Take Math 111 with Jonah!! He is a great, easygoing professor and he really cares about his students. If you ever have questions about class, exams, or homework he will answer your questions almost immediately on the online forum. Class averages tend to be in the 90s, but if you just go to lecture and take notes you will do good! Easy 4.0
5.0 : If you have Jonah, you are blessed. I have not taken math in a very lonngggggg time prior to his class and was worried at my ability to succeed but even without touching the ebook, and just attending lectures, I did way beyond imaginary! He is just so clear and takes baby steps before advancing, is so active on the HW form, and so easy to talk to.
4.5 : Hilarious and enthusiastic professor, did an awesome job thoroughly explaining concepts. He was very dedicated to the success of his students.
4.5 : Clear and concise with lectures. Stays after to answer any questions that students may have. Is willing to work with you until you understand material. Overall, the best Math 120 professor you can take at UW.
5.0 : Jonah is by far my favorite professor at UW I think I will ever have. Even though I'm not the best at math and this class was difficult, I absolutely loved going to lecture. Jonah is very funny, enthusiastic, smart, and is a great teacher.
5.0 : His lectures were extremely clear and straightforward. He provided relevant examples for every topic he taught. Attending his lectures will be a great help because he provides amazing notes that you will definitely want to refer to when preparing for his exams. Overall, Jonah and his team of TAs gave everybody the resources you needed to succeed.
5.0 : Hands down, the best math professor at UW. The material is hard but Jonah made it engaging and exciting. His tests do not try to trick you and are extremely fair. He genuinely cares about his students. The first 3 weeks are demoralizing but it gets easier. Homework load is heavy and the math study center is your friend!
5.0 : Best math professor I've ever had! He's completely dedicated to his students understanding the material and is genuinely excited about teaching! Very approachable and a fair grader. Take his class!!!
5.0 : Coolest professor ever. He is so funny that I actually enjoyed going to class sometimes and his explanations are great too. Definitely recommend him for calculus.
5.0 : Jonah is an incredible lecturer. He is clear and concise and provides lots of examples that will help you with the homework. The homework load is reasonable. He is available for help not only through email and his office hours, but also his online forum which he updates regularly. He is one of the best professors I've had here at UW!
5.0 : Jonah was an awesome professor--one of the best I've had so far. He genuinely loves math and therefore presents the material in an enthusiastic way. He is able to solve/answer problems from different angles if a student is having difficulty understanding. He is also funny which made lecture more enjoyable. I recommend him hands down!
5.0 : Absolutely love Jonah. He's one of the most clear, understandable math teachers I have EVER had. He's one of my favorites. My boyfriend got him the quarter after me, and he loves the class too. He's an awesome professor, and super laid back. He's always willing to help, and his explanations are awesome.
5.0 : Jonah   God  TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN. He is very clear, knowledgeable, and approachable and he makes math interesting and easy-ish to learn. I'm now considering applied math again because I've actually been enjoying math in his classes. A shining light in the darkness that is the math dept..
4.0 : One of the best lecturers in the math department. Lectures are easy to understand. He uses technology to make vectors make a lot more sense. Test are tough, but this is a calculus course, so it's expected.
5.0 : Jonah is such a great professor! He makes lectures interesting and he tries to make the examples a bit more relatable. Definitely wish he was teaching 125.
5.0 : Jonah is an amazing math professor. He cares so much about making sure all of his students succeed, providing lots of resources for studying and learning all the material for exams. That said, his exams are pretty tough. Definitely a time crunch, and there aren't very nice numbers. Other than that, I'd definitely recommend him.
5.0 : Jonah is a very cool and helpful Professor. He looks and does his math something like the young version of Albert Einstein. I would recommend his class.
5.0 : I was one of those artistic people who would say "I hate math" every other day. It's thanks to Jonah that Calculus and I became friends. Seriously, Jonah is the best. I wish all other math professors were like him.
5.0 : Ostroff is the best professor I've had so far. He is always enthusiastic and helpful, and you can tell he wants you to succeed in the course. Also, the way he explains the coursework is thorough and easy to understand. 11/10 would recommend this prof.
3.5 : Jonah is a great professor. I went into this class expecting it to be harder than Math 125, but I did way better in this class than in 125. He sometimes goes really slow and messes up a lot but he always offers extra help and it very nice about it. The tests were manageable and if you get an A on one of the two midterms you'll get an A class
5.0 : Jonah can relate to students amazingly and has a strong sense of humor. Lectures are perfectly clear, and while midterms are hard, the strategies he expects to solve his problems are completely reasonable. He gave out 4.0s to the top 10% of my class, only requires 90% on HW for full credit, holds his own review sessions and is easy to talk to.
5.0 : Being honest- the math department isn't the greatest. That being said, Jonah is the diamond in the rough here. He goes through material at a good pace and is very clear. You know what to expect when you take his midterms. However, the finals are created by all of the math 120 professors so beware- this was my downfall.
4.0 : He is a really fun teacher to be around, maybe because he is young. He is very clear on lectures. The only downside is that he is a lefty, so you have to wait until he finish writing to see the notes. Other than that, he is a really great teacher.
4.0 : Jonah is probably one of the best professors at the UW math department. He's extremely brilliant and really cares about his students. His lectures are very funny but at times I didn't think they were as comprehensive as they could have been. I used the textbook to make up for the parts left out during lecture. Math 126 is hard but Jonah made it fun
5.0 : He is very clear and organized in his lectures and shows helpful examples. The exams are hard mostly because they are long, so you need to really understand the material and do lots of practice exams. If you can do the problems quickly you can do well on the exams. The medians were about 70% . I would recommend him because he is a great teacher.
4.0 : Jonah is one of my favorite professors so far. He is very clear with his lectures notes and the examples that he provides in class. WebAssign is how he gives homework, and I believe that it is a decent amount of homework if it is spread out. Midterms and Final are fair if you do the homework and do a lot of practice problems.
5.0 : Hands down the best math professor EVER! Unlike some other math professors I had in the past, he can actually understand and help students with their struggles in calculus. I got a 4.0 with a fair amount of study, wish he could be teaching 125 right now...
4.5 : Overall, really awesome professor. His lectures &amp; examples are very clear cut and he keeps it interesting by cracking a few jokes once in a while. Definitely expect WebAssign homework, but he's always very reasonable about the time to turn it in. Midterms are hard, but you are in college!!! He's one of the best math professors here, take advantage!
5.0 : The Prof-Stroff! Jonah is extremely passionate about math and instruction. He's personable and extremely fair. His lectures are very well structured and he provides every resource for you to succeed. The one drawback is that his tests aren't the hardest, and people are very engaged in class, so the averages can be high. Ask about his math songs.
5.0 : Good lectures
4.5 : Jonah is AWESOME. I loved his teaching style and he is so so smart. He provides lots of sample problems and exams and if you do them, you will do well.
5.0 : He is by far my favorite math professor. Lectures are extremely clear and his expectations are what he says they are. He's very approachable and in my opinion extremely smart. He gives daily practice problems that you can do that prepare you for future midterms but are not required to do. He knows what he is doing.
5.0 : I took Jonah class freshmen year and he is so far one of the must caring and greatest professors in UW. His lectures are really good, homework may take a while at first, but then you'll learn how to study more efficiently. Not that hard to pass, but don't fall behind.
5.0 : Love Jonah! He makes lectures fun and super organized. You can tell he cares about the subject and is super into whatever we are learning. The tests are pretty easy and he provides lots of opportunities to prepare. Definitely my favorite prof!
4.5 : Jonah is the greatest man ever.
5.0 : I've been fortunate enough to have him for two classes, and I absolutely love him! He makes learning fun, has a great sense of humor, and grades fairly. Definitely recommend his class to anyone and everyone!
5.0 : He is honestly the best professor I've had at the UW!!!
5.0 : He was a good lecturer, really appreciated how accessible he was outside of class! Having all of the lectures on Panopto really made a difference, would highly recommend taking his class again!
5.0 : If every math teacher were like Jonah, the world would be a better place, hands down. He is perhaps the best math teacher I've ever had, and is in general just a cool guy to talk to.
5.0 : Jonah's great! He's super helpful and explains everything really well. He's also really adorable. Definitely a great math professor to have.
4.5 : Funny and enthusiastic (but not overly so) guy, which made math somewhat more enjoyable. His lectures and explanations are very clear.  Does lectures on his iPad and uploads notes to his website, so it's okay if you miss classes sometimes, although it can be difficult to understand what steps are happening without attending lecture. Tests are fair.
5.0 : If you have to take PreCalc, do it with Jonah. He is hands down the best instructor in the math department, and makes this impossible course bearable. This class is designed to be heavy, but he tries to break everything down to easy concepts to build on. Utilize the practice problems and even the grad student tutors.
5.0 : Took him in my freshmen year. Although I took calc before, he explains concepts really clearly and is easy to understand. He's quite humurous too and keeps the lectures interesting. He really cares about students and holds review sections and answers questions in class. Great Professor.
5.0 : Professor Ostroff is my favorite math professor at the UW. I had him for my first quarter of math and his explanations and course layout made it very easy to succeed. His tests are just what you would expect from the lecture materials; no trick questions or difficult methods that he just expects you to know or figure out how to do.
5.0 : He is such a good professor! He explains the information in a really easy to understand way but he is also really cool. I think he might be the only math professor I know that included Game of Thrones and Hamilton references in a math final. Take his class if you can!
5.0 : He is an amazing lecturer, by far one of the best in the math department! This class was really easy for me, since I had retaken it since high school. He gives about two homework assignments per week and each takes about an hour. Also, if you ever need help and can't make it to his office hours he will schedule an appointment at a time you need.
5.0 : He was always available to help outside of class and did his best to make the material as understanding as possible. Even in large lectures he took his time to answer student's questions, which was very helpful!
4.0 : He was clear at explaining things and always asked if anybody had any questions before moving on to a new topic. Go to quiz section, and you don't really need the course book.
5.0 : Jonah's lectures are clear and aimed towards the homework most of the time. He makes lectures enjoyable and his word problems are sometimes fun to read as well. If you keep track of your work throughout the class, you should be fine. Just review your notes and do past midterms/finals &amp; you are set to go.
3.5 : I got a bad grade in this class but it is entirely my own fault. Jonah was an awesome teacher and he actually cared about how you did. Make sure to study. Just doing the homework will not cut it. And don't leave studying for the last minute either. Always available outside of class and on the forum so if you have a question ASK!
5.0 : Missing lecture is not a good idea but you can catch up on panopto. Quiz sections is where attendance matters because they don't often take attendance but if you miss one of the few times your participation grade goes to hell.
5.0 : Jonah Ostroff is a god sent. He was very knowledgable on the course material and made math interesting. The notes he gave in class were perfect so there was no reason to even use the textbook. After years of math teachers who couldn't teach he really made me love math again. He also held review sessions before exams which were helpful.
5.0 : Definitely recommend!
5.0 : Jack is the man. He sure knows how to make some sexy methods
5.0 : Truly without peer in the CSE 142 TA game. His teaching abilities are unparalleled, and frankly many believe he should be the one lecturing, he is that good. If you are of the female persuasion, his coding skills will likely keep you coming back for more. Best TA I've had at UW. Very effective at explaining difficult concepts. Chill guy.
5.0 : J-Dub is to CSE TA'ing as Michael Jordan is to basketball. The best.
5.0 : J-Warren is baller coding swag incarnate. If you are taking CSE 142 quiz section with someone else, then I feel bad for you. He should be head of the dept. in a couple years. Meteoric trajectory anticipated.
5.0 : Jack Warren is the Richard Sherman of CSE TA'ing.
5.0 : Very helpful, enthusiastic, encouraging, and fun
5.0 : Dude, this guy is probably the best teacher I have had in years!  He even came to visit me at work.
5.0 : What is life? Where are we going? Where did we come from? What is our purpose on this Earth? All these questions, and more, are only a tiny portion of what Jack Warren brings to the table in the CSE lab sections, or, as I like to call it, the hourlong slice of heaven I wake up to every Tuesday morning. Udub loves Jdub &lt;3
5.0 : Jack Warren brought a fire I didn't think TA's had. Every class was a blessing, every word he spoke was a prophecy, and every program he coded was divine.
5.0 : Clear, helpful, sincere, good sense of humor.
5.0 : Jack is, hands down, the best TA I've ever had. He goes way above the responsibilities of a TA to make sure we understand the material he's presenting.  My only wish is that he would become a full time teacher at UW
5.0 : By far the best teacher you can have at the UW, if it wasnt for him i dont think i wouldve  understood the material as much as i do. If you want to do well GET HIM
5.0 : Jack  is a modulo mix master, he cracks code with lasers of knowledge from his fingertips dreaming with the wonder of the world that it is intro to programming. He is there for you, he will catch you when you fall, and lift you up stronger when you stand. Jack transcends gender binaries, Jack transcends simple definitions of man and god. Jack
5.0 : If you are truly interested in PR, you will enjoy his class. Troy works in a PR agency for a living and I think that aspect alone makes him a great professor. Grading is fair - takes points off for inconsistent APA style, but assignments were doable. Has guest speakers every other week - great for learning different types of PR and for networking.
5.0 : This class was great! Easy readings and homework (big papers were always take-home). Troy is very funny, nice, helpful and an awesome teacher. He gives great feedback and explains things well/clearly. He had lots of guest speakers. Textbooks were necessary, easy to read, and USEFUL/HELPFUL. PowerPoints were entertaining. Definitely take this class!
5.0 : Troy is a great instructor and brings real life experience to his Writing for PR class. He can be a bit critical when it comes to your articles and releases, but he gives good feedback. He invites PR professionals to class which helps us students get a glimpse of the reality of careers in media.
3.0 : Troy is an understanding person and he has background information on the field because he actually works in it. I did feel that this class was misleading with it being a high 300 level class, as the information we covered seemed like a 100 level or even high school level. He is nice and the class is easy, but I didn't actually learn anything.
3.5 : She's new. It was very hard because I did not have past exams to prepare for exams. She is very passionate. Great TA.
4.5 : She is very helpful but her tests are tricky. Make sure to read the textbook or else its hard to pass.
4.5 : I love her! This is actually my first ratemyprofessors review because of how much I wanted people to know she rocked. Very nice, very smart, and ALWAYS wants you to succeed. If you don't understand something, she'll keep trying until you do. She has a slight accent so if you're ignorant, don't take her class. One of my favorite TAs here.
5.0 : She is a good teacher, she gives exams based on lectures. As long as you go over the lecture notes carefully, you will find it easy to get a GPA over 3.5.
5.0 : She is pretty nice if you go to her office hour. She can help you a lot. Although she has some accent, it is totally fine if you get used to it. First exam is easy, which causes so many people think that "we don't need to go to class". And then she gave us a very hard second exam, but this makes us work hard, which is a very nice thing
5.0 : I wish I had more professors like him. He is so passionate and knowledgeable.
5.0 : I've taken 4 classes with Professor Zafer. Very clear about what he expects from you. Very interesting discussions and a relatively easy grader.
4.5 : Professor Zafer is very knowledgeable in his field and is a very enthusiastic lecturer. He does have pop quizzes, but they are pretty easy as long as you read the book. The tests cover the main topics so you don't have to worry about remembering the obscure facts.  Great overall teacher.
4.5 : Great prof. Yes, his lectures are not very structured, but he does indicate what will be expected of you on exams. Lots of readings and small assignments, but definitely not unreasonable. I really enjoyed this class- Prof Zafer is funny, kind, and interesting. I have a broader perspective having taken this class. Take one from him if you can!
5.0 : Professor Zafer knows his stuff. He is far less concerned with making you do excess amounts of homework and way more focused on you actually comprehending the material. Expectations are very clear &amp; fair. Even though he's a fairly new prof, its obvious he's meant for it. He's definitely going to be one of the greats in this department!
3.5 : Into to the Qur'an was a very interesting class.  I believe it was Hamza's first time teaching it and thus the lectures were a little unstructured but nevertheless very interesting.  Hamza allows and encourages students to ask questions and participate.
4.5 : This was my second class taken with Professor Zafer. His lectures this quarter while somewhat disorganized, were interesting, and heavily influenced by student interest and discussion. The class was somewhat disorganized, but the professor and TAs made sure that the expectations for the assignments and the final were clear. Always willing to help.
5.0 : Best professor. Definitely recommended!
5.0 : Favorite prof. at the UW so far. He's clear, kind and super intelligent. Lectures are always informative and fun and grading is pretty easy.
4.0 : Highly recommended. Great professor. I learned a lot. Sometimes he assigns a lot of reading but the exams and assignments are pretty easy if you study and come to class.
5.0 : Amazing professor, I look up to him he really knows his stuff. Super funny and outgoing highly recommended.
5.0 : By far the best professor at UW! Extremely intelligible on the class topics and is able to transfer that knowledge successfully to the students, with almost 100% accuracy since he is extremely concerned with the class's comprehension as a whole. Assignments are HIGHLY manageable. As a person, he is passionate about his teaching, very personable!
5.0 : Prof. Zafer is one good lecturer in UW that I have met. He knows so many things about history and I am so anticipated to read history books after attending his class. He likes to smile a lot.
5.0 : By far the BEST professor I have had so far at UW. He genuinely cares about his students and somehow makes a huge lecture feel like a small classroom discussion. I would recommend him to anyone. He makes it impossible to not be interested in the subject! His passion is infectious. Amazing professor.
4.0 : Great professor! Really cares about student's learning. Very knowledgeable in what he teaches about- also very adorable
4.0 : My Favorite class of the quarter! Hamza is an adorable nerd; enthusiastic about the subject; always smiling throughout his lectures; constantly telling funny stories about his life.  Pop quizzes are usually on Thursday and are about textbook chapters. Midterms are terms from lectures and memorizing a map of middle east and surrounding area.
4.0 : Prof. Zafer is a great guy and is very passionate about his teaching and his students. That being said, this class does require a lot of work and will take up a lot of time. I highly recommend taking any classes that he teaches, but be ready to work.
4.5 : Prof. Zafer knows his information, and cares a lot about what you learn. He is not a dry lecturer and can find anecdotes that make his classes seem interesting. I highly recommend taking this class not only because it is relevant to recent problems with Islam, but because the professor makes the class more enjoyable.
5.0 : He's a great professor who really cares about his students!
4.0 : I took him the first qrtr he taught...He was fun, enthusiastic and all the rest people say during class...But the exams were horrid! I've taken plenty of phys. classes b4, but his exams were just too much irrelevant stuff. He also wasn't great during lecture, better 1-on-1 though! He loves graphs &amp; main concepts!
5.0 : He's an awesome lecturer. He cores a lot of stuff in his lectures so you don't need to read the textbooks as intensely. He has his power points online so you can take notes effectively. I got a high grade in his class by studying the lecture notes. His lectures are interesting and engaging. His clicker questions were fair and helped emphasize the important points in his lectures. He seemed to be a very nice guy and visits every lab section.
4.0 : Dr. Graham made me want to major in Psychology.
5.0 : I'd say generally speaking there's only about one question on the test that relates to the reading, which the TAs will probably mention in your pre-exam review. I didn't read at all after my first lecture and found I did better because I wasn't bombarded with information I didn't need. Lectures are recorded. She's super cute and a great teacher
5.0 : LOVED HER CLASS! Shes amazing! She made me fall in love with psychology. I ended up getting the lowest grade of my life, 2.7:/ but i still don't care! Because the things I learned about implicit bias were eye opening! She also introduced us to a podcast called Invisibilia which i got addicted to! It was life changing!
5.0 : Great professor! Helpful, clear, interesting and excited about the material. Truly cares that you learn. Tests are fair, but you'll need to do the reading.
5.0 : This class was an awesome introduction to psychology. Dr. Graham was very straight forward, gave a pretty precise reading schedule, answered multiple questions throughout her lectures and only covered what was most important. You can miss lectures, if you're going to check out the slides and recorded lecture online. I totally recommend this class.
5.0 : Best professor at UW. Made me want to become a psych major. Always enthusiastic. You get a notecard and you have chance to get extra credit.  Read the book a lot.
5.0 : She is an amazing lecturer.  She is clear and very knowledgeable about psychology.  She cares about the student's learning and lectures definitely have helped me to do well in her class.
5.0 : I had Professor Graham for both Intro and Biopsych and loved both classes. She works hard to make the material as clear as possible, her tests are fair, her lectures are interesting, and she's available outside of class. I'm a Psych major because of her!
5.0 : Loved her lectures. She was passionate about the subject and was very organized. Open to questions and usually always able to answer it clearly. She taught in a way that was very clear. Exams consisted of multiple choice, fill in the blank and short answers. If you actually rewatched lecture, read the text book and use flash cards, you'll be good.
5.0 : Dr. Graham is one of my favorite professors. Her class is extremely interesting and amusing! She is easy going and responsible. Read the textbook and focus on the class slide. Study guides are given before each test. However, her  tests are kind of tricky. Sometimes you have to read the question a couple of times to understand her point.
5.0 : Really good professor! I took this class last year but decided to rate her now. She was soooo good! really inspiring students. Clear lectures, easy exams. All you need to do is to read the book and go to the class(cuz there is clicker points). A lot of extra credit by participating in interesting reserches.
3.5 : The professor has some character. But if you want to get a good a GPA in this not so hard class. Don't take her class, please.
4.0 : Lauren is awesome. I loved her lectures! The readings in the textbook are helpful, especially since there is quite a lot of material to study for tests. If you have a chance, take one of her classes.
5.0 : She was very nice and the kindest professor/teacher I've ever had. She is very clear on what she will be testing you on and just an overall good teacher!
4.5 : Lauren Graham is an excellent lecturer! PSYCH 202 was a brilliant class made all the better by her engaging lecture style. The course is very organized, but takes up a lot of your time. Graham is the best available!
5.0 : I struggled with this class due to my courseload as there are a lot of details to remember. Dr. Graham is an excellent teacher and i enjoyed her lectures. She's very good at making things interesting.
5.0 : Dr. Graham is an amazing professor and makes her lectures fun and entertaining!  Psych202 is a challenging course, however, and her tests are not easy.  You need to read the textbook and really understand the concepts to do well.  The material is interesting, but not the easiest you'll ever come across.
5.0 : Second class with Graham and she's amazing. Really funny, passionate, and clear with her explanations, but be warned, this class is a lot of work (especially for only 4 credits). Four exams, two per week discussion questions, weekly reading responses, and a big paper due, at the end. But it's worth it!
4.5 : Dr. Graham inspired me into majoring in Psych when I was still unsure, she's so awesome!
4.5 : Although the class was tough and includes alot of information, Dr. Graham makes sure you know what's going to be included in the test - she is also really knowledgable in her subject and her enthusiasm influences students and the class overall.
4.0 : She's a great teacher. She's passionate about psychology and the brain. You will definitely learn a lot in her class.  She spends tons of time on answering questions so she may get behind on lectures though. Her first test wasn't hard, but the second and final require so much studying. She isn't clear when she talks about the studies.
5.0 : Her biggest problem is that she teaches the material too well, and inspires the class to try too much. Why is that a problem? Because she keeps having to make the tests harder to keep the overall GPA within the required range. This was by far the hardest I've studied to get a 3.8 (and I'm a senior)
4.5 : Loved this class. Made me decide to major in psych because of this class and the 101 class I took with her. The best of the best, not necessarily the easiest though.
5.0 : Loved her in Psych 101 and loved her in this class too. One of the most amazing teachers I've probably ever had
5.0 : I love her! She is super engaging and genuinely loves teaching this topic, which is so refreshing. This class isn't easy - attendance is pretty much mandatory and there is a ton of material for each unit, but it's so worth it! She'll elaborate on anything &amp; answer any questions. If you don't do well, it's pretty much on you and your study habits.
5.0 : Lauren is such a great professor! Reading the assigned pages is mandatory because of the weekly online reading quizzes, along with giving you a gist of what you'll learn the next day. Show up to class to get your PollEverywhere credit and try CLUE sessions! The packets really helped me study for  the tests. Focus on understanding powerpoint content
5.0 : Psych 101 is an easy class given that there are four midterms and a final (and your lowest test score is dropped).  You can also do psych studies to earn 0.3 extra grade points.  Graham is a very engaging lecturer, and truly cares about students.  I would recommend the class to anyone and everyone.  Attend lecture &amp; read textbook and you can 4.0.
1.0 : The most difficult course that I have. Lots of reading, exams are tough, lots of memorizing.
4.0 : She's a great person and lecturer. Tells you most of what you need to know but you need to make sure you cement it through the reading and practice tests she provides. Her lectures were most of the structured but sometimes with fluff. Always offered help if needed. She's really care and enthusiastic. Tests are fair and let's you drop 1/4 or 5
5.0 : 4 midterms with short response and fill-in-the-blank. The tests are really hard and tough.
5.0 : Dr. Graham is one of the best professors I have had. She makes lectures interesting and engaging, always allowing time for questions and clarifications. The class is definitely not easy, but stay on top of readings, show up to class, and study concepts and anyone can do well.  Extra credit is also offered for this course so take advantage!
4.5 : Graham is an amazing teacher. She brings so much enthusiasm to this class so it's always enjoyable. Her teaching style is easy to follow and her lectures are never dull. I highly recommend Professor Graham whether she's teaching Psych 101 or 202 (I've had her for both and she's been extremely knowledgeable and helpful in both classes).
4.5 : Lauren was an amazing professor and was really engaging. Lots and lots of reading (2 books). Weekly quizzes (really easy) to see if you read, weekly discussion questions, 2 exams and a final. Attendance is worth points so must show up. As a psych major, really really enjoyed her class.
5.0 : I love Dr. Graham. She is so enthusiastic and I always look forward to attending her lectures. She clearly loves the subject (psych 202: biopsych) and she makes it so interesting and fun! I'm so happy I took her class!
5.0 : Graham is an amazing lecturer. She made me become interested in Psychology, and I was glad to show up to that class everyday. There are clicker questions daily; no need to get them right. Weekly multiple choice homework and readings. Tests are fairly straightforward and multiple choice. Would take again! You can also drop any test!
3.5 : She makes psych 101 way harder than it is supposed to be. There are 4 midterms (multiple choice and short answer), 1 weekly discussion post, daily reading assignments, and daily reading quizzes. Don't take her class if you want a good GPA.
5.0 : She's a really nice professor and very clear during lecture. Class is never boring. Quiz section wasn't mandatory but you should go just in case. The exams get harder and harder each time but if you read the textbook and use her study guide you should do fine. Only problem I have is that her study guide is extremely long and most terms arent tested
5.0 : She is pretty clear on what she wants you to know on the test, but sometimes she does throw a couple of curve balls at you.  You should attend lectures, since some non-multiple choice questions on her test are specifically about stuff covered in lectures.  She seems pretty knowledgable and is pretty entertaining to listen to.
4.5 : The lectures were quite good but the tests were extremely tough. We took 4 tests this quarter and the averages were 75, 74, 72, and 74. So if you think that you'll get an easy A think again. The questions are hard and tricky.
5.0 : Her lectures are super interesting, fun and informative. She explains concepts well and clearly cares about her students. I would definitely take a class from her again. The exams can be frustratingly tricky though, so be prepared to study and be sure to pay attention to the details.
4.0 : Professor Graham gives very clear and concise lectures but the questions on her tests can be tricky. Also participation is graded by clicker questions, so f you miss class a lot it can really bring your grade down.  Her lectures are fun though, and she is hilarious, I really enjoyed taking her class; approachable and gives lots of extra credit.
5.0 : LAUREN IS THE BEST!!!! MY FAVORITE PROFESSOR I'VE HAD AT UW. Her class is very straightforward.
4.0 : The tests are easy, just watch the lectures. Drops lowest test score. Lectures are recorded but there's clicker questions most of the time. Participation with reading quizzes and discussion boards every week. A really easy class, but of all the Psych 101 sections, Graham definitely tries the most to make you take it seriously and put in effort.
4.5 : One of the best professor I have had at UW. Dr. Graham brings the material to life by providing the newest research and providing her own opinions. I am excited to go to lectures. She is always willing to help students who are struggling with the material and is extremely approachable.  Her tests are fair and not meant to be tricky.
4.0 : Professor Graham is amazing. She provided clad information during lecture and started with latest scientific news. the tests are not problems as long as you follow the study guide she gave you before the test. She is very helpful and more than happy to answer the questions you have.
5.0 : Lauren was a really great biopsych teacher. Very enthusiastic about the material and about students' learning. Tests can be tricky but are definitely manageable as long as you do the reading and go to lecture. Only complaint is that a LOT of material gets covered so it's hard to know what exactly to study for. Otherwise an awesome class.
3.0 : The tests are a lot harder than some of the other psych 101 classes!
5.0 : I loved Dr. Graham. Five lectures a week but I didn't mind going to a single one as you can tell she loves teaching this course. There are four midterms and the final but the lowest midterm grade gets dropped. There are also daily reading quizzes, weekly discussions and up to .3 GPA boost of extra credit which are all very easy.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I've had so far. Her enthusiasm makes the class incredibly enjoyable and there's never a dull moment. She is very friendly so don't be afraid to ask her questions! The tests are manageable as long as you use the study guide that she provides (it's extensive but helpful in the long run). I'm going to miss her class!
4.5 : Her lectures are clear and easy to follow, she's easy to talk to and is willing to answerclarify any questions you have. Make flashcards to help  you remember all the terms on the study guides she gives before each exam. Do the extra credit, and show up to class because there are clicker questions for participation.
5.0 : Great class. A bit memorization heavy. You can probably get a fairly decent grade even if you don't get the book, but I recommend that you do. A lot of material is covered, which makes test prep a bit tricky
5.0 : Best instructor I've had at UW. She LOVES what she teaches, and it shows every day in her lectures and office hours conversations! Always enthusiastic, extremely helpful, and very interesting material. She assigns a lot of little weekly assignments, like discussion questions and comments, and reading quizzes, but I think they enhanced the course.
4.0 : Professor Graham is a wonderful person, she really takes her time to make the content engaging!  However, this psych 101 class seems to be harder than other psych 101 classes; it's pretty easy to pull a 3.7-3.9 but a little tough to get a 4.0. Your GPA is almost strictly determined by your performance on tests.
5.0 : Graham is truly a superb professor. She has a very positive attitude which seems to translate to the rest of the class. She gives you lots of material to prepare you for her exams, which are fair assuming  you have done your part on reading and paying attention to lectures. You will learn plenty and enjoy it, not to mention she's smoking hot too.
4.5 : Graham is amazing. She's super funny in her lectures and is pretty clear on the topics. Her tests are fairly simple as long as you've shown up to class and paid attention. My favorite professor so far!
5.0 : I love Dr. Graham SO much. She made me want to come to class and learn about a subject I wasn't super interested in. Her tests are difficult, but manageable! She makes lectures fun to listen to and keeps you engaged through poll ev and class discussion. I highly highly recommend taking a class from her! She's a genius
4.5 : Probably one of the best professors I've had. Her lectures are amazing (and sometimes quite funny). I looked forward to her class every day, above all others. She does literally read through some slides, but then goes on to explain it in depth, so it's cool. Office hours are great; she's a good conversationalist; learned a lot beyond the course too
4.0 : She is extremely passionate about what she is teaching, and will motivate you to do well, but you definitely have to put in the effort to do well.
5.0 : Lectures are very clear and interesting. I've never skipped a day of psych lecture, despite skipping other lectures all the time.
3.5 : Grading is awful. Test averages are too high, she gives away points in the form of open book quizzes, discussion. This means your grade is more vulnerable even if you know the material. You can do very well on tests but if you lose say 5 points b/c you forgot an online assignment or two you lose like .25 from your gpa. Doesn't answer emails...
4.0 : This was a tough class, but I guess it makes sense since it's a Psych major prereq. I went to a study skills session that Doctor Graham held for struggling students and her advice for studying for the tests was to pretty much just memorize everything from the assigned chapters... Her lectures are pretty interesting, but this class is hard work.
5.0 : THE best professor! She's very clear about what you need to know for each test. If you're confused about a topic, she'll explain it to you and will even tell you directly whether you'd be tested on it. She's super funny and pretty (she reminds me of Devin from Buzzfeed)! Her class inspired me to major in Neurobio! Would love to have her again!
5.0 : LOVE. HER. Exactly what I look for in a professor: loves what she teaches, extremely clear with what she expects, and available for help all the time. Definitely take a class from her if you can!
4.5 : Very engaging lectures but sometimes the test scores don't show how much work you've put into it...
5.0 : Incredibly good lecturer. Does hand drawings for neuron stuff which is super helpful.
5.0 : Dr. Graham is probably the best professor I've had at UW. Through her lectures, you can see that she really loves the field that she is in and her job as lecturer. Although her tests may be hard (at times) and there may be a lot of reading, her enthusiasm in teaching the subject has helped me learn stuff and made me love psychology even more.
4.0 : Very clear lecturer, clear grading, easy class, awesome professor, would recommend to anyone
5.0 : Lauren Graham is a really awesome professor! Really clear with what she expects of her students and doesn't try to trick you on her exams. While you don't have to use the textbook for her class, it certainly helps.
5.0 : Graham is an amazing professor. For the quarter I took her class, all lectures were recorded and posted online, and she really knows how to make it convenient for those who want to watch those lectures by repeating any questions that she gets asked during lecture before answering (mic far from students). Tests multiple choice. Participation grade.
5.0 : Lectures are easy to follow. Dr. Graham is the best professor, always there to answer your questions and gives a lot of time to ask questions during class. A lot of short quizzes and midterms but they are not hard and reinforce knowledge acquirement. Amazing!
5.0 : Dr. Graham is AMAZING. She has a clear passion for psychology that was contagious! Definitely made all of her students want to reciprocate the energy! Her lectures are clear and to the point. If it's not on the lecture slides, it probably won't be on the test. She is there whenever students need her, so make use of office hours!
5.0 : She is very enthusiastic about biopsych, and tells lots of inspiring stories related to the course during lecture. Her tests are not too hard, but mostly fact based since it is multiple choice.
5.0 : SUCH AN AMAZING PROFESSOR! She's clearly passionate about what she's teaching, and keeps you interested! This qtr there were 4 midterms and a final (mc), but you can drop your lowest out of the 5. TopHat/Clicker questions so you should def go to class.. Textbook for the weekly online quizzes (not hard), but exams were purely from lectures!
5.0 : Prof. Graham is incredible, and her enthusiasm is contagious. I loved this class and am disappointed that it's over. I only wish it could've been a smaller class--300 students is too many. Going to office hours will make a tremendous difference in your learning. She's truly passionate about teaching, and her subjects. Enjoy her class and have fun!
4.5 : I'm really glad that I took this as one of my classes for my first quarter of college. She's great at teaching and keeps lectures interesting. However, do note that this isn't a class that you can BS and still get a 4.0 in. You still need to read over lectures to prep for exams. Other than that, the extra credit she gives is very generous.
5.0 : She really knows her stuff and she's very passionate about it. It was an awesome class! Tests had some tricky elements to them. The grading criteria made the class very clear and the extra credit definitely helped!
4.5 : Dr. Graham is awesome. Her lectures are extremely clear and informative, and it was apparent what you needed to know, so I always felt prepared. It was a very easy course though.. With extra credit I technically finished with a 4.1... But that's definitely not a bad thing. The class is structured extremely well and quizzes are easy.
4.5 : The class is fantastic. Very easy material, so to not look like she's an easy prof she makes the tests super easy. You don't need to study really, just be exceptionally sharp for exams.
5.0 : Professor Graham is amazing!! She's so passionate about psychology and her lectures are very interesting and engaging. She has a clear grading criteria, tests from her lectures and assigns very little homework (weekly reading quizzes). Read the textbook, make flashcards, and study her lectures for exams.
5.0 : One of the most prolific Professors Ive had in UW. Her passion for Psychology can really inspire you about Neuroscience as a whole. You should be fine as long as you go to CLUE, quiz sections and her office hours. Overall I highly recommend Professor Graham you wont regret it.
4.5 : Definitely take her if you can, best professor I had in UW, great lecturer and a great person as well!
5.0 : Without a doubt, one of the best professors ever. You only really need to attend her lectures (they're also recorded) to understand exam material. Her lectures are clear, and she's very good at communicating with her students. I highly recommend taking a class with Dr. Graham!
5.0 : Professor Graham is such a sweetheart. She's really understanding and helpful if you talk to her! The class isn't an Easy A but its so interesting that you will be willing to put in the effort. There are 4 exams (first 3 not cumulative, last one is-but she gives you a list to study) and you get one exam drop (not the final)
5.0 : Even as a non-psych major, Graham made the class very interesting. She is very passionate about biopsychology and I would recommend her to any student.  There is a lot of information covered, but definitely manageable.
4.0 : A challenging class.   Basically set up to help us practice for our final graduate project at the end of the program.  We had one assignment that we had to continually refine, add to and turn in throughout the quarter for credit.  Dr. F was helpful and supportive but also demanded a lot of work.  Great preparation for final project.  Great class.
5.0 : Excellent instructor. She really cares about her students and makes sure they understand the material well. The material is challenging so you better attend the lectures and take good notes if you want to do well in the exams. Having the final answer next to the homework problems was very helpful. Many quizzes but she drops the worst grade.
5.0 : The materials were hard but she made it very easy to understand and follow. Ask many questions in class or office hours, she was very caring and helpful.
5.0 : This class is heavy on lecture and homework. Make sure to do homework and do well in her quizzes to pass the class. She is clear on her standard and if you attend the class, ask questions, take notes from her lectures, you will do very well.
5.0 : It was the most difficult class in the program. The professor helped me a lot that I was able to pass the class. She explained all the concepts and materials very well. She was very knowledgeable in both CS and EE, that helped me a lot. She was very caring and always made sure her students' success in her class.
5.0 : I took digital circuit theory with Professor Hussein and I'm glad I did.  Her clear and concise teaching ability, and caring nature work together to create the ultimate learning experience.  The labs using Verilog and Quartus were relevant, solidifying my current job.  She really understands the industry and what it takes to teach the material.
5.0 : Dr. Rania Hussein was always interested and prepared. She provided me with a touchstone for what was best in the class. She is one of the best teachers Ive had at UWB.
5.0 : good prof. very organized, clear and precise with her power points. Assignments really aren't that hard. responds to emails. always available when you need help. She has the best method of teaching as she goes over the homework problems in class and have exams similar to the homework. If you understand the homework, you should get an A in the class
5.0 : Dr.  Rania Hussein was always interested and prepared. She provided me with a touchstone for what was best in the class. She is one of the best teachers Ive had at UWB.
5.0 : Her lectures were very clear in concepts and understanding. She is a motivational and caring teacher who could adopt to the situation very easily. She gives the amazing opportunity of working in groups for course project which gives students a chance to learn team work, co-operation and knowledge transfer among group members.
5.0 : Dr. Rania is a great professor who really knows her stuff. Her lectures were very clear and well organized. She was easy to approach. One of the most caring teacher I have ever met. Definitely my favorite. Highly recommended!
1.5 : Terrible instructor.  No office hours to attempt to decipher her useless lectures.  So bad with code that she made my code worse when I asked for help, then walked away saying she had to help others - where she actually just went and stared at her cell phone. No feedback on anything (homework, tests, labs). Stay away, if you can. Just TERRIBLE!!!
3.0 : I can't say she was a bad teacher, although her accent and explanations were rather unclear. She covered topics well and the later labs were pretty informative, after you're done setting everything up.
5.0 : Dr. Hussein deviates from the typical course load. She focuses on the popular and in demand ARM architecture. It can get rough at times but its the nature of the beast.  She definetly cares for your success but it really depends on the effort you put into learning the material as well as the effort in the design project!  Build to impress!
4.5 : She is excellent and helps towards whenever you need help. She is very good with microprocessors but still has good understand for classes like this too. I would take classes from her all the time.
3.0 : Homework assignments didn't co-inside with the lecture
4.5 : They really make her out to be bad on RMP. She's a pretty good instructor. Very punctual in her email replies and makes herself very available in office hours. Labs are a bit obscure though.
4.0 : Probably one of the nicest and most empathetic instructors you will ever have. Everyone I talked to in this class thought her lectures were clear and well organized. She is very lenient on deadlines when people seem to be struggling, and is always willing to work with people until they understand. She clearly wants her students to succeed.
3.0 : The class has certain sections in the beginning where it is dry and preparing for the final project. The last weeks of the class the workload became very high. If you work hard and put in the time then you will get a good grade. Just prepare to put aside many many hours for the homework and asking questions to clear up requirements of homework.
2.0 : Unless you're taking this class with people you already know, beware of the group project which is most of your grade.  You either will really like her style or really hate it, nobody in the middle.  Good points are extra credit, extensive feedback and office hours.
5.0 : Straight up so glad I found her early on in my major, I will stalk her classes any time I can. What a difference from the boring board readers, she does read off the PowerPoint but she actually engages and explains things over. She has this agenda of wanting to help you be a great student and know the material instead of just expecting you to be 1.
5.0 : Great lecturer and is really good at explaining key programming concepts in a myriad of ways. She has clear expectations her criteria is very straightforward. I learned a lot from her and there wasn't a single class that I didn't learn anything. She prepares you for what the rest of the major(CSS CSE) is like. Would take again, grade received: A.
3.5 : Menaka likes to go over code snippets in class. She explains the concepts well and is more than willing to help if you need it. Almost every assignment this quarter was a group project, so pick your partner wisely. If you get stuck on an assignment, she will help you via e-mail or during office hours. Tests on the basics and gives extra credit.
5.0 : Great Professor. Willing to set aside time outside of class to help you if you need it. Can be funny too. Class consists of 3 exams and 5 homework assignments.  Show up, do your work, study before exams, and you'll be fine.
4.0 : She required 100% for a 4.0, which is rough, but did give the chance for extra credit points on assignments and midterms.  Lectures were interesting but you can survive even if you miss a couple.  She also recorded the lectures and posted them online in case you missed class.
5.0 : Menaka is simply a treasure. I wish she taught every class.
5.0 : Completely awesome teacher!  Gave a lot of extra credit doing HTML and CSS on Code Academy site.  She really knows her stuff concerning networking and web coding.  Her door is always open to help students who need extra help.  Her grading is clear and understood without any surprises.
5.0 : First class I took with Menaka and wish I could've taken more with her before graduating. She has very clear expectations, fair grading and she graded everything promptly. The class wasn't difficult as long as you do the labs and follow the instructions carefully. Lectures were boring at times but as long as you pay attention you should get an A.
1.0 : This is the most unprofessional professor I have ever encountered. She has no understanding of the material, and on top of that she believes using third party libraries is "plagiarism" In fact she docked my group about 15% of the total course grade because she doesn't understand what open source software is and how licenses work. Avoid at all costs
5.0 : Best teacher at UWT. She knows tons about android apps and the correct way to design them. If you work hard with your partner, you will get a 4.0. Lots of time spent out of class on the project. Always accessible outside of class or via Email. Menaka
4.0 : Menaka is a great professor. Her classes are guaranteed not to be easy, but you will be challenged and learn something. She is also easy to talk to unlike other UW professors and openly accepts feedback on her classes. I recommend.
4.0 : Professor Abraham is a very informative and thorough instructor. Assignments are straightforward and she will even go over any questions students have regarding them in class. Attendance is not mandatory, although her random quizzes cannot be made up. Provides many extra credit opportunities and tests (only 2) are generally not too difficult.
5.0 : Menaka is the best professor I have taken here. Most of the profs at UWT you have to choose between someone who is a great teacher but a tough grader (see Chris Marriott), or someone who is an easy A but you won't learn much (see Raza Kazmi). Menaka is the best of both worlds: you learn a lot and she's not too tough a grader. Definitely take her!
4.0 : The class wasn't particularly interesting, but I don't think it's her fault as much as it was just the nature of the class.  Class wasn't too hard until the last 2-3 weeks when the workload spiked like crazy. There is one group project that is 80% of your grade; it's not too hard if your group members are reliable, if not, it can be frustrating.
4.5 : This is my third class with Menaka. She made C++ very easy to learn and was very well organized. I felt as though the assignments contributed tremendously to the learning process. Her tests are not that difficult if you study for them. She is always willing to help you. Cuts straight to the point. Would take again.
5.0 : Bruce was an amazing teacher with a lot of experience and a passion for dance and teaching dance to others. Participation is highly valued in his class and he will expect you to put yourself out there to progress in technique and learn combinations. He sometimes gets frustrated if you don't participate, so make sure you come to the studio to work.
5.0 : Bruce was an amazing dance instructor. I highly suggest trying to fit him into your schedule.
4.0 : Bruce is an amazing teacher! He is serious and has great technical sills which I loved. His style of modern gets back to the roots of the art form, showing his strong training in ballet. Nothing in Bruce's class felt like a pointless waste of time. Everything was purposeful and made sense. Respectful and a pleasure to work with.
5.0 : This is my second class I've taken with Bruce and I can honestly say he's one of the best ballet teachers I've had in my 10 years of dancing. He's very articulate and patient, and gives great feedback. 100% recommend Bruce!
5.0 : Although I took an Introductory class and had off and on dance experience, Bruce had not gone without one day without critiquing me on something in class. He can be picky but it's definitely for the better and he helps you improve! Very friendly yet firm in his teaching. One of my favorite teachers in this department!
4.0 : Jason was a really great teacher! His lectures were engaging, and he did a good job of going through each step of solving the problems. I think his tests were on the more difficult side, but that could have just been physics. Anyways, I'll definitely take him again given the chance!
5.0 : Professor Detwiler has a very clear lecture. If you go to his class, you can understand the knowledge easily. Also, Professor Detwiler is very helpful and like answering questions from students. But the tests are really tough, If you want to get a high score, please study hard!!
5.0 : Prof. Detwiler is AWESOME! Super friendly, and approachable, and takes time to really get to know students.  Tons of jokes outside of class, and errrythang.He's pretty much the best. Take him if you can!
4.5 : Prof. Detwiler was arguably one of the best professors I've had here.  He was willing to meet with me one-on-one outside of class multiple  times and promptly responded to emails.  Really cared about students learning.  Physics is just really difficult by itself, so don't get flustered.  Would highly recommend.
4.5 : Very friendly, always willing to help. Even if he did not know the answer to a question in class he would come back next lecture with a full explanation. Difficult subject, but very helpful teacher.
3.5 : Professor Detwiler was new when I took this course. He was a good teacher but tests were pretty hard! He always did fun experiments in class and was super enthusiastic when he taught. He always made class exciting!
4.0 : I don't think I could have survived 121 with a different professor. He understands that not everyone has taken physics before and takes time to explain all the concepts. He is also highly charismatic.
5.0 : Usually I learn best by reading, but his video lectures were so clear cut and helpful I only referenced the online text a few times.  Homework is reasonable, multiple chances to rock quizzes and no surprises on the exams. Happily enrolled in another one of his courses now.
5.0 : Funniest professor I've had. His teaching style with his YouTube videos (in case you didn't understand the concept in his lecture) helps a lot and his midterm and final isn't hard at all as long as you do the homework that's assigned. He's always ready to answer questions. I probably missed at least 4 days of lecture, and still aced the class.
5.0 : Smart, funny, helpful, &amp; accessible professor. Too bad he's stuck with the typical sucky Pearson lab that starts out easy and helpful, but quickly goes to near impossible and horrible 'help.'  "Use technology to find..." but doesn't tell you where, how, or what. A+ for the prof. D for the lab and for whoever chose it.  More homework than any other
5.0 : he's like the coolest guy you know gives lots of "math hw"
5.0 : Concept check=20% of your grade, so be sure to attend lectures! He is funny, really passionate about teaching. he really cares about students. Awesome math teacher!
5.0 : Easiest class you'll ever take !!!!
3.0 : I had a 83% until I took the final which is worth 40% of your grade, 2 hrs long, 30 questions, and I ran out of time so yeah it was kind of a lot of pressure. Other than that, it was really easy. Homework/Ch Quiz due every Sunday at 11:59 pm but don't wait till Saturday to do it because I was always doing it for 7 hrs straight on Sunday. Not fun!
4.5 : Definitely one of the best online classes I have taken. The videos he has for the chapters were great. The homework was simple and easy, and the quizzes and exams were based off of the homework. He gives plenty of time to complete the quizzes and exams that I only used half of the time allotted.
5.0 : Great Teacher
5.0 : Best math professor I've ever had. Will explain it until you get it. Posts YouTube videos you can watch until you understand. Posts PowerPoints of stuff solved in class. Even the students who were horrible at math stuck with it, and I watched him help them every day for long periods of time if they needed it. This guy rocks.
5.0 : The BEST math teacher I've ever had. Very clear with lectures and gives lots of help! Too bad he's leaving this quarter. ):
5.0 : Craig is probably the best math teacher you'll ever get here at this campus. Literally straight-forward with concepts and assignments. If you can't make it to lectures, it's okay because you can learn the stuff along with the assignments (web-assign). Feel free to ask questions cause he's a G. Testsexams are fair and do able. EASY
5.0 : Thankfully he didn't make us buy a textbook (for COM 468 too) &amp; posts the not-too-long readings online. Lectures are VERY clear &amp; he's always ready to clarify things. Super sweet guy that doesn't want to trick you. BUT you work in groups everyday in class &amp; are graded on what you turn in. If you actually put the effort in, very manageable class!
5.0 : While the lectures were long, they were really interesting. Professor Powers is really helpful he clarifies with extra examples. There were in class group activities that were helpful to the course and we're great review for the tests. I would take the class again!
5.0 : One of my favorite professors and classes to date. He's just a really good, pleasant, down-to-earth, intelligent guy. Doesn't try to lecture in overly complicated ways that leaves students confused or daunted. Group participation is a must (part of your grade), but he grades easily so anything you submit during class is usually given full credit.
5.0 : Matt is the sweetest and best professor I have had here at UW. Clear expectations, very interesting class and no homework besides some short readings (which you don't really need to do). You work in small groups every class so you have to show up, but you can miss 2 classes as he drops your 2 lowest scores. Straightforward tests &amp; easy final.
5.0 : Learned a lot from his class. Every thing is very clear. The exams are very straight forward, just go to class and study his slides. There is a lot of group activities, just go to class.
5.0 : I never rate professors on this site but I took COM 375 (Comm ethics) with Matthew Powers Fall quarter 2016 and it was my favorite class I have taken at UW. I would highly recommend for any com majors. Reading is mandatory for group discussion but its all relevant and interesting material. He is a great lecturer.
5.0 : This class was one of my favorite courses I've taken at UW. Content is easy to understand and he uses great examples in lecture. Reading is all pdfs and you'll need it for in class discussions but they're not long and are relevant to the course. Clear expectations and tests are very straightforward. 10/10 would recommend this class and professor!
5.0 : Best Prof in COM Department, course content is interesting and tests are generally straight forward, definately choose Matt with no hesitation!!!
3.0 : I was really looking forward to this class, but his lecture style was pretty dry and boring. This material would be much better taught in a SMALLER class. Class interest was fairly low. Attendance is mandatory due to assignments. And, I felt like grading was sometimes ambiguous.
5.0 : Dr. Taylor is the most amazing teacher I have had. He has made me love anthropology! Would most certainly recommend taking a class by him, any class! He is truly great. Definitely go to class, take notes, the reading is helpful (esp before the class day coving material) but he does cover he book material, no homework outside class (besides reading)
4.5 : Dr. Taylor is a really great professor! Lectures slides do get dry but he is pretty clear in explaining the material. He does not post material online and I highly recommend reading the textbook prior to class, its VERY helpful. Exams are T/F and multiple choice with bonus questions. T/F gets tricky so make sure to pay attention.
3.0 : His lectures are really really boring. Talks about Texas a LOT although it obviously isn't relevant to class. He also rambles which did actually push back the schedule and he didn't get to everything.
4.0 : I actually loved this class! It was really interesting and although exams were a little bit tough, it was do-able. His exams were based off the lectures, so make sure to come to class or get notes from someone else.
3.0 : Professor Taylor's is extremely straightforward about what he expects from students and sticks to the syllabus. There was four tests all empirical multiple choice. Unfortunately he saved the hardest two units for last and weighed those exams 5% more than the first two. If you come to class and do the readings you should do great!
4.5 : A great professor to have! His lectures always seem quick and run through very smoothly, for the most part (He did fall behind one or two days in the quarter).  I really recommend you take the Bio A class with him. He's really funny and genuine, you can tell he knows his stuff in lectures, and there's no Friday class! Make sure you study the vocab!
2.0 : Very very test heavy. All multiple choice but the exams were really difficult, do reading and attend class if you want to pass. Doesn't post lecture slides or recordings online so if you miss one class make sure you get notes. Labs were really interesting and pretty easy to get full points on
5.0 : This is a very straightforward class and Taylor teaches it well. Labs are fairly easy, otherwise you just need to attend lectures and do the readings. STUDY hard for the exams and you will ace this. Taylor is available to help if needed and is pretty funny in lecture.
5.0 : Best professor I have taken here so far. Interesting material and interesting input. Take his courses and you'll feel exactly the same way. He does take a backseat especially in this course so be prepared to take initiative.
4.5 : This class turned out to be better than what I expected in terms of content. Dr. Taylor's anecdotes made his lectures a joy to attend. However, success in this class highly depends on your ability to memorize facts. If you have to take this class, then I suggest that you take this class with him while you can! In no way is this an easy 4.0 class.
4.0 : Dr. Taylor is such an easy professor to learn from! There are assigned readings, but his lectures follow them almost exactly. He's super laid back and let us out of class 5-10 minutes early almost every lecture. His tests are all objective; most students finish them in 20 min or less. He doesn't post slides online so coming to class is a must.
4.5 : Dr. Taylor lays out his lectures in a super easy way to understand. He's an expert at what he does so he offers a lot of stories from his fieldwork experiences. There is no textbook for class but there are articles posted online to read; there are quizzes on them. He doesn't post his lecture slides online so attendance is a must. Test are easy.
4.0 : I thought this class was pretty easy. There's four MC exams, all relatively doable if you review the lecture notes. There's no quizzes or writing involved and the lab is easy and fun as well. Lecture is a must, he doesn't upload slides online but if you go to his office hours, he'll let you review them.
5.0 : His tests are strictly from lecture notes so know them inside and out. The book can help you organize your notes for studying, but it isn't required. Can earn up to 6 bonus points per exam. He curves the grades at the end, and it's a generous curve. Tells funny stories in class to help you remember details. Don't slack off and not go to class!
3.0 : lectures are straightforward, but can get boring. expectations are clear and bar is set pretty low. good class to take if you want something easy, but decently enjoyable. there was no need to read the textbook and I wouldn't recommend buying it.
3.5 : Tests are hard--but students tend to improve over course. LOTS of vocab, but good for NW credit for people who don't like math-based sciences. Dr. Taylor has speedy lectures, but is available and open to answering questions during office hours.
4.5 : Dr. Taylor, being an actual anthropologist who has traveled the world to go work at archaeological digs,  is able to use his hands on knowledge of the subject to better teach the students in his class. His lectures are engaging and easy to follow, and his tests never have any surprises in them. If given the chance I would definitely have him again.
4.0 : Easy tests as long as you go to class and pay attention. Doing the reading isn't necessary but it helps a lot. Mainly memorization, but the tests are all multiple choice with the potential for up to 6 points of extra credit. He's also really cool and, if you go into office hours, will dedicate time to helping you.
4.0 : If you show up to lecture, take notes, and study the notes for the tests, it's an easy A. While his lectures are sometimes tedious, he's a great professor- he's really funny if you pay attention and he's really helpful if you need it.
4.0 : While his lectures are sometimes tedious, he's a great professor- he's really funny if you pay attention and he's really helpful if you need it. Just go to lecture and take notes!
4.0 : He's pretty funny and helpful if you need it. The material is easy to follow if you take notes
4.0 : For his first time teaching the class, I thought it went very well. The class was only graded based on 4 tests, not-cumulative, and just based on lecture material. His lectures were very interesting and it was like coming to class and listening to a story every day. Recommended for an easier I&amp;S credit class.
3.0 : Attendance isn't mandatory but GO TO LECTURE and keep up with the textbook, it's necessary to pass the tests. 4 multiple choice exams that count for most of your grade, including a non culmulative final. Each exam has 2 bonus questions Lab section participation counts for only like 15% of the grade, but they're helpful in understanding lectures.
4.5 : Amazing teacher, one of my favorites at UWT. Very smart, but makes the material very easy to understand and is always their to help when needed. Don't need the book- bought it and it was a waste of money. three big exams and they are all multiple choice and easy to read- no tricky questions. She just wants to make sure you understand the material.
5.0 : Dr. Workman is wonderful. Kind, helpful.  Grades fairly if not leniently on papers. Tests can be tougher, but those who attend class will have an easier time. Debates are tough, but in a good way. Wish she taught more classes!
5.0 : Dr. Workman is a one-of-a-kind.  She has useful clinical examples and an amazing gift to explain the theories about development.  Her assignments were very useful in teaching me how to apply the material.  Sign up for her courses!!
5.0 : Professor Workman practically radiates knowledge and experience in the field. Her lectures were informative and she always took the time to make sure everyone understood the content. I felt very comfortable asking questions and always looked forward to class. This woman is a rockstar! I hope to classes with her in the future. :)
5.0 : Very good teacher. She had the debate in class. which was not easy but fun. Assignments are easy, the tests are not hard as well.
5.0 : You will not find a better prepared, more polished, or more lovely professor to learn from!
5.0 : Great instructor. Really helped me improve my writing. He's genuine and wants you to succeed. Take his class.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. Super chill, definitely take him for English 131.
5.0 : PLEASE take Justin's class while you can because he will discontinue teaching soon. He is an INCREDIBLE teacher and awesome mentor even outside of class. You won't regret it. My favorite TA/class thus far (even though my major isn't even English.)
4.0 : Justin is a great professor but he does not create presentations so you NEED to be good at taking notes fairly fast while he speaks. However, Justin really cares about his students and wanted them to do well.
2.0 : Overall, Justin is a good guy, but he does not explain information well. He uses unnecessary language in assignments which makes them confusing. He assigns a lot of reading but rarely anyone reads it which creates long, awkward silence when he asks a question. As long as you pay attention during review you will do fine on the midterm and final.
5.0 : Wonderful teacher, super helpful with providing useful feedback on papers, class topics were relevant and captivating. Highly recommend taking English 131 with Treza.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. I thought English 131 will be hard, but she taught really well. The class topic is really interesting. Highly recommend to take english 131 with her.
5.0 : Rukmini is a great teacher! She brings lots of positive energy to class and really cares that her students learn. She's very kind and makes you become a much better Spanish speaker! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
4.5 : I thought he was really great!! Probably one of the best TAs at the University of Washington. He made learning fun and engaging. I would strongly recommend taking a class with him if at all possible. VERY KNOWLEDGABLE!!!
4.0 : WOW!!! What a great TA. He answered any questions that I had and also was great at explaining topics that were difficult or not explained well by the professor.
5.0 : Won ssn has always been a great teacher.  I had her for first year Korean as well, and she has always been very caring of all of her students in a motherly way.  She's a pretty lenient grader I find, and it's not too hard to do well in her class. But I also get a feeling of not wanting to let her down, which helps me work hard to learn it well.
5.0 : One of the nicest professors I've had at UW. Easily approachable and wants the best for all her students. The TA's she has are the same way. The content itself can be pretty difficult, as she moves at a fast pace. That said, if you put in the effort, do the readings, and go to lectures/sections, you'll succeed. The class overall is very easygoing.
4.5 : Awesome teacher!
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR. She really cares about her students and is so considerate. A lot of work is required to do well, but honestly, you're learning a new language, this should be expected. She is very laid back and really wants her students to do well.
5.0 : Excellent teacher! Won ssn is very nice and helpful, and though the class can be demanding ssn makes it fun and integrates interesting and real life examples. 10/10!
5.0 : She expects people to put effort into the class (the tests can be hard and she'll call on people in class), but she's extremely patient and always willing to arrange her schedule to accommodate for struggling students. The lessons are thoroughly planned out and she always puts a lots of humorpop culture references to keep things interesting.
5.0 : Won SonSaengNim is one of the nicest, most genuine professors I have come across at UW. She reminds me of a korean version of my own mother, very caring about her students' understanding and performance, likes to joke in class, and goes out of her way to make learning korean as fun as possible. Would definitely recommend studying under her.
4.5 : Cares about not only the subject but the students. She would ask how we were feeling about certain things &amp; if we were struggling she would help. Sometimes she would give us a break &amp; let us tell her what words we didn't want on the vocal quizzes. Blew up my inbox with reminders, tips, &amp; questions asked by other students.
5.0 : Great TA! Has interesting icebreakers and likes the material a lot.
5.0 : Joel was awesome! He was so nice, and would stay after class to help us work through our logic. He taught us the basic way of thinking needed to code which has been extremely helpful with more advanced programming classes. Reading the book and learning the vocab was neccesary to pass his quizes. I recommend him to anyone who will listen!
5.0 : Joel wants you to learn the material.  He's not that concerned with grades.  If you listen and do the work, you'll get an A.  His goal seems to be to prepare students for real world situations.  He is a gift to UW-T and, if not THE best, then certainly one of the best computer science instructors here.  Excellent class, excellent instructor.
5.0 : This is the second time I took this class and it really helped to hear Joel explain everything so differently. When I needed help, he was very flexible and did a great job of getting me pointed in the right direction.
5.0 : Absolutely the best Professor I have ever had, he is extremely helpful, explains material very well(in an easy to understand manor) and makes class interesting and fun. He will stay after class to help you and answer all of your questions. He is also funny, very easy to communicate with and does reviews before midterm and final which is so helpful.
3.5 : Joel is a very funny guy! He's very practical and forthcoming about what you really need to know for the real-world. Be prepared for slides. HQ and quizzes are trivial. Easy 4.0. Most of what I learned was just from the first few weeks of class. All I needed was the SQL syntax and the rest of the quarter was just working on the project.
1.0 : He basically just read off the slides that was provided by other professor. You could just read it at home so what's the point to go to class?
1.0 : By the end of the quarter only 530 students were coming to class. If you want to actually learn something don't join his class. He knows nothing about computer sciences. Every time someone asks a question he just says he will get back to them. He can't teach at all. All he does is read from another professor's slides.
4.5 : Joel is the very definition of an IT guy.  Very fun and a natural goofball.  Makes the class much more fun.  He doesn't care how you get the assignment done as long as it does get done.  Took a field trip to the 3D lab and learned how they make stuff from our python assignment.  Definitely worth taking his classes!
5.0 : This man was literally the most kind and down to earth instructor I've ever met in my life. It's such a bummer that he won't be teaching classes anymore. I am upset by this, I think UWT should let him teach more courses! He was so flexible around homework and was always willing to help everyone in the classroom. This man is the IT guy! Rock on Joel
5.0 : Currently enrolled in TCSS101 CS Principles and Joel is one of the greatest professors I've had. He's very passionate about what he teaches and gets straight to the point on what's important and necessary, and lets you know what exactly needs to be done to get a good grade. Definitely take his course!
5.0 : He is great professor. His lectures are easy to comprehend, he uses real world examples. He is also very funny and handsome. I wish he taught more CSS classes.
4.0 : He's a fun guy and makes jokes, he is a casual gamer (which was unexpected being a computer science prof.) but that doesn't mean he's not a cool guy. The class was pretty easy all in all, but it's an intro class, so it's to be expected.
4.0 : Great teacher that is very laid back yet teaches the information in a way that is easy to understand and absorb. I feel more educated in general in the area of computers. Since I am planning to go into engineering I got mostly involved in the section when we were talking about logic gates and circuits. I still learned information in all subjects!
5.0 : Great guy, pretty laid back, easy class but interesting subjects.
4.0 : Professor Champoux is very straightforward, helpful, and makes the topic of microbiology viruses very interesting. His exams are based off of the lectures but there is a lot of material to study and keep up so definitely study ahead. It's important to study his lectures thoroughly and have a good knowledge of the content.
4.5 : Crystal clear, very organized professor who often stops and ask if students need clarifications. Not too much workload and very reasonable exam questions all directly taken from his lecture slides.
5.0 : Great prof. Tests are straight-forward multiple choice, so study and don't squander to chance to raise your science gpa with this class.   Interesting subject, easy tests, great prof.
5.0 : She really encourages creativity and lets us write in the way we want.
5.0 : very nice teacher, highly recommended!
5.0 : Jennifer is very helpful and is a wonderful teacher. She takes care of each and every student and tries to help everyone to make the best of the class.
4.0 : Thaisa is really smart and like a true historian stays as neutral as she can. Really good lecturer. There is a textbook but her quizzes are multiple choice on canvas so usually google can help if you don't know the answers. If you miss lecture you will not do well. 3 big papers for a lot of your grade, but they are fairly straightforward.
5.0 : She's a really great German teacher and is helpful if you seem to fall behind. I would love to take German with her again.
5.0 : Alejandra is such an intelligent professor. She truly cares about all her students. Come to class, do the work assigned and you will get an A. Participate in class!!! She is the best, and is a must!
3.5 : don't take her class, she will drive you crazy. Although she is really helpful, her class is so boring and unorganized.
5.0 : I love Alejandra! Her weekend seminar class is a lot of fun. We created an exhibit at INCA where we learned the techniques of organizing, planning, and constructing an art show. She is a truly sweet person who cares about students. The class did have a lecture heavy day but overall it mainly consisted of us visiting various art galleries.
5.0 : He is great at explanations and answering questions, going to section was always super helpful.
4.0 : Loved this class. Always prepared and ready to teach. Very easy to listen to and kept your attention the entire time. He is the best TA to have for CSE, no one else will ever come close. I... I think I love him
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had. Go over HW, crystal clear power point lecture then participation work sheet. Grades posted regularly. Homework easy because he explains it clearly. Let's you use note cards on quiz and exams.
4.5 : SUPER EASY CLASS! Explains everything well. No homework collected. Worksheets done with partners. On quizzes and exams, we can use a note card. Practice tests available and exams are almost identical to the practice tests. On final, we get to use all notes and previous tests and quizzes.
4.0 : Tests are more difficult than examples from lectures. Although homework is assigned, it is not mandatory. Participation is just asking questions or saying hi, didnt call on people or single anyone out in our class. A lot of easy points from in-class worksheets. Cant comment on teaching style bc I took the class before, so everything was review.
4.5 : Great class, great teacher. If you want an honest chance at a high mark this is the teacher.
4.0 : His personality isn't the most fun and seems cranky all the time. He reads off his powerpoints. His quizes and exams are fairly easy and straightfoward. Homework assigned is not mandatory or graded. Exams and quizzes count for the majority of your grade. Participation is needed as he gives worksheets in class. Would reccomend if you learn quickly.
4.5 : He's a great professor. I've had him for 141-152. If your the type like me who finds math easy to understand then you'll love his class. He assigns hw but doesn't require it.  If you don't understand the math or his long lectures do the hw if not then don't. Also his grading on test is based off of understanding. (gives points even when wrong)
4.0 : This teacher have really good lecture, fast pace, but if you ask question he will clearly explain it to you. Lot of quizzes and exams, if you don't study or do hw, you won't pass. We could use a 3x5 note cards on quizzes and exams but not the final exam. I would take him again.
5.0 : Anna is a great professor for a topic that is hard to convince people to get excited about.  She gives tons of feedback on papers but expects students to participate as much as she does. Easy to get ahold of and reasonable grader.
5.0 : Miranda was an excellent English professor. I would've liked to have seen a little more content in the class overall, but Miranda conveyed information superbly.
5.0 : You can tell that she really cares about her work and the education of her students. Will definitely take a class taught by her again.
5.0 : She was great! Very helpful, she reached out to me at the beginning of the quarter and got the opportunity to help with some of the classes. She is very helpful. I met with her during office hours and she helped me with everything I needed clarification on. CBLR was great too! I got a 4.0 in her class, discussions were good. TAKE HER for sure!
4.0 : Excellent teacher. Reading due every class. If you don't do the readings, you won't do well.
4.0 : Prior to this class I didn't know much, but the book she used and the way she explained topics was really eye-opening and intriguing. She is super friendly and approachable and is always willing to help.
4.0 : If you spend at least 10-30 minutes reading the chapter before class, you will get full credit on the quizzes. If you can somewhat be engaged in the class, it should be no problem to get an A.
5.0 : Natasha is amazing. I would love to take another class from her! She does give pop quizzes as well as she really grades on participation. This class was full of group projects and they were fun! :)
5.0 : She was really good at explaining every detail, and set things up so we, as students, could succeed in her class.
4.5 : I took this class my freshman fall quarter and absolutely loved it! Dr. Hellrung is very passionate about the subject and makes going to class actually interesting, rather than boring. Her grading is fair and she pretty much lays out exactly what she expects from you and it's super easy to get a good grade in the class
5.0 : Dr. Hellrung is great. There's a fair amount of reading to do, but they are interesting so it's not bad. My favorite thing about her is that she tells you EXACTLY everything you need to know for the test, and allows a cheat sheet. Only a midterm and a final, non-cumulative. Three short papers, that are a breeze. No quiz sections either.
5.0 : Easiest 4.0 you will ever take, in fact I would be surprised if anyone in my class didn't get a 4.0. Alyssa is super nice and helpful, tells you everything you need to know, gives extra credit &amp; the midterm/final are EXACTLY the same as the review sheet. Plus you get a cheat sheet of notes! Super easy and interesting class.
4.5 : I loved this class! There was a lot of reading, but it was interesting and applicable so it wasn't a problem. Prof Hellrung was excited about the subject and I loved the group discussions because the different views from diverse backgrounds was very interesting to be able to hear. Overall I loved this class and I wish I could take it again!
5.0 : Dr. Hellrung is incredible. This class is amazing. Incredibly clear grading criteria, interesting lectures, great discussion. Take this class if you get the chance, you will not regret it. Best class I have taken thus far.
4.5 : Great class for athletes. Prof. loves them and works with their schedules. The readings are easy and can be found online. Really easy I&amp;S for non-majors. The tests are essentially the same as the review problems. She allows a cheat sheet and gives extra credit. I believe the majority of the class got a 4.0
4.0 : By far the most enjoyable and fun class I've taken during my time here as an undergrad. Alyssa is very clear about the grade breakdown, offers extra credit opportunities to make up for any lost points in papers, and does a great job making sure we know what's expected in the class. Group work, easy reading assignments, interesting films, and more.
4.5 : Doctor Hellrung is a great professor! The class is super easy. One midterm, one final, three 2 page papers and an extra credit assignment. There's a decent amount of reading, but the texts are fairly interesting. Highly recommend if you arewere an athlete - topics are easy to relate to and understand. Easy I&amp;S, definitely take!
4.0 : This class is easy! There is only a few papers to write and on the tests you get a notecard. Her lectures and the class topics are interesting but it seems like she favors the UW athletes who take the class. But I would still recommend it if you want an easy class to take
5.0 : Amazing. The topics she lectures about in GWSS 262 are so interesting, keep up with current events, and are applicable to every day life. Her humor makes her class interesting and the work load is a breeze. Theres only two tests, the midterm and the final, and then 3 papers that are only 3 pages long with occasional homework that takes 20 minutes.
4.0 : Great lecturer! I've had her for several courses and she's always been organized and clear about her expectations. The topics are all interesting. The key to a 4.0 is to actually read and participate in class. If you're unsure of your writing, use her office hours and go to the TLC before turning papers in. She'll notice the extra effort.
4.5 : Alex is a great new addition to the school, but she is fun, interesting and very current with the media and new technology. She was very clear and will go out of her way to help you, even responding to emails on weekends.
5.0 : Alex is great, I wasn't sure at first because she seemed very strict but is actually incredibly understanding. She seems to do better with the younger students, as this class has more of a community college feel, effortintellect. I didn't read the book, quizzes were based of the slides, especially bold terms. Very glad I stuck with this course.
5.0 : Alex is amazing! She makes the class fun and engaging. I would recommend taking her class if you have the option too.
5.0 : She is awesome. Take her for any class you can. There is a lot of reading but all very interesting, carefully selected material. Very helpful, fun lectures.
5.0 : She is awesome. Take her for any class you can. A lot of reading material for the class, but it's all very interesting well applied material. Extra credit is available, very helpful.
5.0 : If you get the chance to take TCOM 353 from Alex you need to do so. Her lectures are engaging and they leave you thinking about the media that you consume. There's a pretty good amount of reading you need to do and some of the assigned readings are dense but she unpacks them very well. Her papers and online discussions are challenging.
5.0 : I recommend taking her class. She is such a great instructor who give interesting materials. She makes the class seem so interesting and fun. She knows her material very well and is a very understanding instructor. She is usually available to help with assigned work. She gives great examples to topics being taught.
5.0 : It was like learning from a friend. A brilliant and devoted friend who genuinely believes in her work, while unafraid to  challenge the status quo.   This is difficult to find and greatly needed in education.
4.0 : Treats students like adults and expects you to read and bring readings to class. Self graded participation and weekly online discussion boards. There are two analysis essays and one literature review. No tests. You should have previous experience with writing a literature review. It can be a bit difficult to get replys to emails.
5.0 : Alexandra is probably the best prof I had at UWT! She makes class fun, has great lectures and is super funny! She is always telling random stories and makes the classroom a great environment to learn in. She also says whatever she wants so be prepared for some language but she does so in a great way! She also relates to movies a lot PS: She is hot!
4.0 : Lots of readings, but I honestly believe you can get by without doing most of the online ones. Get the text because it is used for essays and sometimes discussion post MW in class F online and we had discussions every week usually, some small assignments and instead of exams you had two main essays and an annotated bib &amp; summary.
3.5 : I learned a lot more in this class than previous comm classes because the workload wasn't stressful. The readings and homework were challenging, but I was actually able to process them. The group projects did suck, and the lectures kind of felt like a dialogue between Alex and her favorite students because she would only call on them.
5.0 : I took media and society with her, and she was an amazing professor. I would gladly take another class with her. Her lectures were extremely engaging and I enjoyed taking that course a lot! Highly recommended!
5.0 : Solid snarky lecture approach, good lecture discussion balance
5.0 : Alexandra is a subject matter expert on Media and its implication on society. If you're looking for a very relevant class to take as an elective, make this the class. Its implications for modern life are far reaching, and it is really eye opening.  Alexandra's approach on the class is both modern and engaging.
4.0 : Lectures were pretty long but usually had some lengthy videos or the occasional hour plus movie which was nice. She is a pretty easy grader which is nice but doesn't really say much about upcoming assignments like self evaluations and if your late on one of those it can kill your grade.  she does expect you to talk and participate which sucks.
4.5 : Enlightening!  But warning: you may have to listen to a lot of offensive opinions in the course which the student population here is just not equipped to support with any factual evidence or intelligent verbalization. Easy concepts, readings more lengthy and harder to grasp but Alex always covers them the next day in a more palatable way.
5.0 : I have takenAles for 201 as well and I am always happy to learn from her. She connects with students well and is very understanding. Will take more classes with her in the future!
5.0 : Love Love Love Alex Smith. She does really really great lectures, she is a really good speaker and lets every student voice an opinion on a subject. Everything you learn is interesting. There's a lot of reading but  you don't have a text book and everything  is interesting to read as well. Plus NO TESTS. Smith hates tests so thats a plus.
5.0 : She is such an a good lecturer. While the content seems tough at times, the issues that are discussed in both classes are so necessary if you want to look into media. That said, I would want no other person than Alex to teach it. She is very passionate with the material and assist you in any way for success that she can. I would take her again.
4.0 : Great teacher. Really nice and friendly. The material was interesting and clearly taught. I knew exactly what was expected with assignments. Her encouragement made me feel all the more confident in this already easy, laid-back class.
5.0 : Hands down best prof I've ever had. She makes all subjects interesting and applicable in real life. She also makes sure all students (&amp; people) have a voice no matter what you political affiliation She's understanding and will work with you if you let her know what's going on.  I HIGHLY recommend taking a class from Alex if you have the opportunity.
4.0 : The content is amazing and Alex is really cool but she expects a lot for weekly discussion boards and will assign an essay with only 4 days to finish it before its due. There are no tests but 2 essays and an annotated bib. She is a decent grader, not too tough but not easy either. She doesnt grade very quickly and cancels class fairly often
5.0 : Great lectures that help you stay engaged. Try not to skip class though because importanbt things are covered that pop up in weekly discussion boards.
5.0 : Alex is an amazing instructor.  She is down to earth and understanding.  She is extremely intelligent and very passionate about topics that matter.  Fun and interactive learning environment.  This might not matter to some but she is very beautiful also.
5.0 : Amazing teacher. Very passionate and gives great feedback. She really cares about the subject and her students - and it shows.  The course content builds on current events and challenges students to think and apply course concepts to modern dilemmas. Would definitely attend another class by this teacher!
4.5 : She knows her stuff! She's a great lecturer.
5.0 : Alex is the best (and coolest) instructor I've had. She is super organized and super effective in making complex concepts seem easy. She's also pop culture encyclopedia so she uses a lot of topical examples in the class which makes lectures relevant and fun.  She is always there for you whenever you need help, and she is really FUNNY.
5.0 : She's engaging, interesting, nice, funny at times, &amp; sympathetic to students' lives. Gives good feedback, but not quickly, so you might not know what to improve on before the next assignment. No quizzes or exams, just essays &amp; weekly discussion boards. Attending class is helpful, but you won't fall far behind if you miss a few classes.
4.5 : Smith is definitely one of those instructors I would take again in the future. She knows and is enthusiastic about what she teaches.
5.0 : She is wonderful! A great lecturer who finds many ways to make sense, patient and thorough when answering questions.  Willing to try new ways to teach and help students learn. Uses the most current and up-to-date materials; really knows her stuff!  Super smart. If you were stranded on a deserted island with her, you'd be just fine!
5.0 : Taken a couple classes with her, very relatable and has a good sense of humor which makes lectures easy to sit through.  Read the material and come to class and you will do pretty good.
4.5 : Extremely helpful, knowledgeable, nice, and funny. NO quizzes, tests or final exam. She has easy daily *short* answer writing assignments based on slides, lectures, and/or readings. No textbook but heavy assigned readings. She explains the main points in class. Assignments were 2 essays and a final paper. Overall a great teacher, highly recommend!
4.5 : He gives good feedback and is nice inside and outside of class. Overall I would recommend Zach's class for anyone who really cares about literature or film.
3.5 : My topic for class was plays, which wasn't so bad since he chose interesting plays. He knows a lot about literature and will go on long tangents that are actually pretty brilliant if you listen. Class is pointless and theres never really a day where you need to go. The portfolio at the end is the only thing that matters so just work hard on that.
4.5 : Zach was a very helpful professor. Lectures were sometimes a tad long, but if you focused and tried to get something out of it you will always learn something new. He could be the smartest prof I have encountered as it seems like he knows just about everything. Good sense of humor which makes him fun to listen too as well. Definitely recommend.
3.5 : He is brilliant, attractive, and funny. Lectures are long, but if you actually listen, his tangents are still relevant and interesting. Makes a lot of philosophical and modern-day connections, so students are able to stay tuned in. He assigned a good chunk of reading, but always gave us enough time. Often lets us out early and brought us donuts.
5.0 : Really great teacher.
4.0 : He made a good team with Laporte in 202, a lot of attention to detail in reading poetry. Very much on the philosophical end of things
3.5 : In English 111 the topic was Southern Gothic Literature, Zach as a professor is a great professor it is that the topic was boring and hard to understand. writing essays on this topic proved to be challenging. But we only wrote two essays so class wasn't too hard, just had to try to stay awake talking about such a boring topic
3.5 : Super easy teacher. I'm in his class for English comp based on Southern Gothic Literature which is actually quite interesting but it's honestly what you make of it. He lectures in class basically making the reading he assigned the day before clearer, so basically if you understanddo the homework you don't need to go... definitely recommend him!
4.5 : Zach is amazing. His class was probably the hardest english class i've ever taken, but also the best. He makes you read and write about hard stuff (Faulkner....) but always keeps it funny and interesting.
4.5 : Zach is pretty cool! He cares about English and his students and it shows. Lectures were pointless like 80% of the time and not quite sure how he graded participation. If you want to do well visit the Odegard Writing Center, revise your papers a ton for the portfolio, and take his feedback on essays
4.5 : Took his writing link for Pol S 201, and he always attended lecture-everything we covered in class was easily connectable to that. Seth has a hilariously seemingly-apathetic personality - he was quite a character so class was always fun. Not easiest grading but plenty of opportunities to get feedback on essay-writing, and getting an A isn't hard.
5.0 : hot and wise
5.0 : Seth was my TA and was so much more helpful than the professor. He led quality discussions over the readings and really tries hard to be on the students' level of grasping the material. He is young, relatable, and was the only reason I succeeded in this class. Very fair grader and reliable. He's very approachable and willing to help.
4.0 : Really nice guy who is incredibly willing to help you if you ask for it. Because we were in a larger lecture with no quiz section, he did not get a chance to tell us what he was looking for in papers. That being said, I urge you to see him in his office hours, because his grading is pretty tough unless you know what you are doing.
5.0 : Seth was my TA for PolS 201 and he was absolutely amazing.  He is a fantastic discussion moderator and always brings up questions/possibilities that require thoughtful thinking.  He is always happy to discuss anything during his office hours. He provides insightful perspectives that have really propelled my learning and interest.  He's awesome!
4.5 : She is extremely smart and loves what she does. She emphasizes on a lab project worth 50% of your grade (other 50% is from tests which are hard!) The lab is the hardest part of this course , unsurprisingly you will spend lots of extra time in open laboffice hours to do lab study as well as lab work for your project.
3.0 : This class is so boring it's difficult to put any effort into it. Her exams aren't meant to trick you, but she doesn't do a good job giving clear explanations for things because she talks way too much and quickly. I don't recommend taking this course.
5.0 : Zeman rocks! Histology is one of the most useful and interesting classes you can take if you want to go into medicine, and she really goes the extra mile to help students. One of my favorite classes.
3.0 : I only had him for labs but during labs he seemed to be un-interested and didn't seem to like answering questions. Again, I didn't have him for lecture, he only supervised labs so he might be a great lecturer. but I was unimpressed
4.0 : I had him for Physics 121 lab and Physics 123 lecture and lab. I dislike the class organization because it is built around "learning from your peers" and daily group work. A lot of the time your peers don't know what they are doing and it makes it difficult. He is a fair grader, but he doesn't grade anything himself, which is frustrating.
5.0 : I don't have enough nice things to say about this professor. He understands that not everyone is going farther with physics and that most students who are taking his course are going into medicine or engineering. I had to miss a couple classes and he was very flexible when working with me to get caught up. Take this class if you have the chance!
2.0 : He is not a good instructor, lectures were dry and confusing. That being said, all 4 tests(including final), only make 35% of the grade. I learned nothing at all this quarter, and still passed because I did all the homeworklabs. He put a significant curve on the final grades. So if you need to master this material for your major, avoid him.
5.0 : I like when you count homework more than exams
5.0 : If you ever get a chance to take physics with him, do it.  He is always in class early, explains things very clearly, gives reasonable assignments and reasonable grades.  I wish I had taken him for the other two physics classes.
5.0 : A personable and approachable professor. He understands teaching is not a "one size fits all" program by providing extra office hours to work with students who ask for help. He considers a student's genuine effort in the class when grading. During lecture, he is empathetic to the class as a whole and often assesses the atmosphere for understanding.
5.0 : Most helpful teacher at UW. Will do anything for her students to understand. I wish she taught me every class.
5.0 : Most amazing teacher at the UW. Extremely helpful and interested in whether or not her students are learning. Would do anything for her students and very nice.
5.0 : Number Theory Course.  The lectures were interesting and his expectations were realistic.  Expect to learn a lot about coding in Sage, Number Theory, and LaTex.  Would recommend!
4.5 : Sage. Awesome class. The class is pretty interesting and you mostly learn about software development and using math with Sage. You get to learn about Python as well. Weekly hw assignments and peer grading, plus a final project and presentation. It was pretty easy to get a good grade, especially if you've taken CSE 142/143. Would recommend!!
3.0 : No matter what you got from his class, undergraduate or graduate, 3.9/4.0 or even 4.3, do NOT expect a recommendation for grad school from him. take his only for credits.
4.5 : Joseph is a very casual but professional teacher. He is easy to work with and is a very reasonable person. I loved going to this class. If you also like Buffy the Vampire Slayer this is the class for you! Joseph takes writing to a whole different point of view and it is also entertaining at the same time. Guaranteed you will not fall asleep.
5.0 : Awesome teacher explains very clearly! Tells you how and what exactly will be graded very flexible with grading oh and on mondays of the week class watched the buffy the vampire slayer
4.5 : Take English with Joe was very fun and his teaching was always passionate. He's easygoing and always there for you. Very straightforward about the grading standard and he really cared about your progress in writing instead of how excellent you are as a writer.
5.0 : Super easy class. Works with you to get the grade you want. Very energetic and passionate about his work. Pushes you to think outside the box.
5.0 : Great TA.  Really interested in his students being successful.  Used a lot of examples and stories to help us understand the material better.  He's funny and tries to get you to argue with him.  Highly recommend.
5.0 : Coolest TA ever. He makes the class so interesting and fun--wouldn't miss a quiz section because they're so fun and engaging.
5.0 : By far best TA I've had at UW. Hilarious and engaging with students and knows his material front and back. If you have the chance to get him as a TA don't miss it! Super helpful with understanding class material and giving more explanations when needed. Explains reading questions really well and makes sure you know what you need to for the class
4.0 : He is a hilarious TA that keeps the quiz section flowing. Quiz section gets really in depth into the ideas you are most likely to be tested on and he does it in a very fun and engaging way. Wish I could have him as a TA for every POL S class I take!
5.0 : He's a very relaxed teacher who keeps the class's attention with his jokes. Somewhat easy grader. Too bad he's only a TA. I had a crush on him when I was in his class
5.0 : Jared's humor and intelligence made this class really enjoyable. He is super clear and in-depth, and extremely knowledgable on American politics. He likes when you argue with him, and he asks fascinating and provocative questions. I highly recommend taking his class if you have the option.
5.0 : Honestly the best TA I have ever had. Would take every single class with him if possible. Not only charismatic and funny, but also keeps all the material very interesting. Lecture was not mandatory as long as you kept up with the readings and attending Jared's kicka** quiz sections.
5.0 : VERY energetic. Pretty intense/provocative sometimes, but in a good way. Knows a lot about politics, especially the 90s. Go to office hours! Changed my major to Political Science because of this section. Be prepared and you'll do fine.
4.5 : Jared is honestly one of the best TA's I've ever had. He knows the material really well and is quite enthusiastic about it, and he's hilarious so that keeps things interesting.  I was also working on a research paper for a different class and he consistently helped me work through my ideas, edit, and offered tons of advice. Definitely recommend.
5.0 : By far the most intelligent and helpful T.A I have ever had in any of my CSE classes. This guy is just awesome. You can't find any seats in his section if you came late.
5.0 : Great class but it is challenging, especially tests. Should go to class because clicker questions are easy points.
5.0 : Amy is a great teacher, very concerned with her students understanding the material and obviously loves what she does. Is pretty quirky funny too. Would recommend this class to anybody interested even remotely in anatomy. Go to class to fully understand the materialget clicker points
5.0 : I LOVED THIS CLASS! Mary goes way above the expectations of a typical professor in tending to her students needs. Her humor makes class entertaining, and her lessons are extremely helpful to the assignments. Straightforward and enjoyable class, but pay close attention to details and ask for help if needed. One of the best teachers I've ever had.
5.0 : I love Mary! She's a great teacher. She has really high expectations for us, but she is great at helping us get there. She explains concepts really well and gives very helpful feedback on how to improve your papers.
4.0 : I took English 281 with a focus on language and gender with Mary and I would absolutely recommend taking it. Readings and class discussions are always interesting. Mary is the coolest teacher I've had at UW and is incredibly helpful too. If you want to take 281 take it with Mary. Seriously. You will not regret it she is BOMB. You're welcome.
4.5 : Mary is an awesome professor! I wasn't looking forward to this class at all before the quarter started but she made it fun and interesting. She makes you laugh constantly and is super helpful. Do the readings because there are (interesting) group discussions. Things to mention that will win her over: birds, labradoodles, her ex-boyfriends song.
4.5 : Mary is the best English teacher ever!!!! She is so funny which makes it actually seem fun... She gives super handy prompts and advice during class and so you should definitely attend. Also, she picks really cool topics making it fun and interesting. SHE IS AWESOME!!!
5.0 : Mary is by far one of the best teachers I've had at UW thus far. She was really nice and tried her best to make a really boring class fun. This is a really easy class to do well in. Just make sure that you take peer edits seriously so you don't have too much to change by portfolio time. Just stay in the top 3 in the class (not hard) and you'll 4.0
5.0 : Mary is honestly the sweetest, cutest, and funniest teacher I've ever had as a student. She was more like a friend than a professor. Clear about what she wanted and didn't try to trick us like other teachers seem to want to.  Always there to help and made an effort to do so. Readings are interesting. Love her. Wish she taught more classes. 3
4.0 : The class is really easy if you can follow general directions and are willing to make yourself look a bit foolish.
5.0 : She the best TA I ever had!
5.0 : Great TA. Didn't grade harshly at all and made the class super fun.
4.5 : Duygu is a homie! She is all for giving you the benefit of the doubt. If you try, she'll work with you. I went in to talk to her about my essay and gave me points back just for going in and talking to her. She's so funny, i just love her! If you get her as a TA for drama, you'll never go to a dull quiz section! She wants you to succeed if you try
5.0 : Great teacher, but also pretty cute.
5.0 : Great lectures, super passionate about computer science. Was always happy to meet up after for office hours. Cut his man-bun off mid-course(!). Fun class, the homeworks were hit or miss.
5.0 : Kevin is the man. Extremely helpful and an extremely good teacher. Lectures are informative, relevant, and entertaining at times.
5.0 : great lectures, included an incredibly useful interview-prep section to his class
5.0 : Material was tough and grading was tough but I felt like Kevin was on my side. Great lecturer and is clearly passionate about what he does. He was happy to make to time to meet up and discuss anything. Cool dude!
5.0 : I seriously loved this class!  Kevin is great and super helpful outside of class if you take advantage of office hours.  Spend a lot of time perfecting the homework if you want a good grade, and the textbook is a really good resource for studying and syntax questions.
5.0 : Best teacher I've had at UW. The guy is energetic, smart, and in love with computer science. Every lecture he made me love Computer Science more and more. I hope he keeps teaching at UW because he's amazing.
5.0 : Honestly his class was my favorite class I have taken at UW. He is really energetic about all the material he talks about. The only bad thing is that the class itself was hard so the lectures were very fast paced. Also btw you don't need the textbook at all he has power points and they are posted online.
4.5 : There is one week left in the course, and I have really enjoyed the class. Kevin is excited and passionate about computer science, and always tells dorky jokes that are pretty cute :).  Sometimes he talks fast, but he always stops for questions, and I can tell he cares about learning the stuff. The midterm was too hard
5.0 : Kevin is a boss.
5.0 : He was like the best teacher ever
1.0 : Tough class, make sure you read the book as it has some useful explanations. Class is very fast paced.
3.0 : He is a pretty good teacher. His lectures are fine, but it is a quite difficult class with a lot of material so he has to move quickly. He frequently goes off-topic and explains how something works in detail, usually something that we haven't learned yet. The projects take a large part of your grade, so all your tiny errors will add up.
4.0 : He is new in the department and actually graduated from UW.  The course was valuable and I can say he is definitely one of the better speakers in MSE.  Has high expectations.
5.0 : Dr. Arola is one of the best lecturers I have had during my entire undergraduate career here at UW. His ability to speak clearly and explain concepts in an easy-to-understand manner makes his lectures engaging. On top of that, he knows his stuff and is able to answer students' questions in great detail. I only wish I had more courses with him.
5.0 : Such a knowledgable &amp; inspirational professor! It definitely helps to be interested in the topics of this class, she really wants you to understand and is great at clearing up concepts but also challenges you to think in different ways. Favorite professor at UWB that i have had,
5.0 : So helpful and the best quiz section TA in the accounting system. He's also hilarious.
5.0 : Nabil not only knows his stuff but he is a real person too. One of the better TA's I've had. Fantastic personability and clearly understands acctg well.
5.0 : Really Great TA! He explained concepts perfectly.
5.0 : TA works incredibly hard to make sure students comprehend material. He writes his own slides, practice problems, and review material, and even makes it available online. He has responded to all of my emails within the hour and has phenomenal explanations.
5.0 : He's a genius when it comes to accounting but knows how to explain the material at its simplest level for us to understand. Hands down the best TA I've ever had. HIGHLY recommend.
5.0 : By far the best TA I've ever had. Great charisma, super brilliant guy. He grades the quizzes and homework faster than all the other TAs and responds to emails right away. Not only does he know his stuff in Accounting and Finance but he is fun to listen to and makes the whole class laugh!
5.0 : It's hard to look forward to an 8-10pm course on a Monday night, but I enjoyed the class. Brechner organized the class as a flipped classroom, with each week's reading informing a group exercise during class each week. It was challenging and engaging, and an extremely positive group experience. The textbook was a bit dry, but was great for content.
4.5 : Eric makes the learning environment an engaging and fun one.  Each week is a project that is directly related to the topics from that week's reading.
5.0 : Eric uses in-class projects to simulate the development processes the class is studying. This makes the subject matter more engaging than any textbook, gives us a more tactile feel of how the processes work, and the rush to finish projects in time keeps your blood pumping even at 8:00pm. No coffee required!
5.0 : This class made a dry subject come alive. No homework for the class; readings only. Class time was largely group project work, with limited lecture. Eric was passionate about the subject and was very effective at highlighting key points.
5.0 : Great opportunity to learn from someone with strong industry experience.
5.0 : Great examples from industry experience.  Makes dry concepts easier to learn,
5.0 : Dr. Brechner does a great job breaking down the content and revealing the real-world application of each topic.
5.0 : Brechner is a great professor - very easy to listen to, funny, and knowledgeable. He gives a ton of feedback so you are never, ever in the dark. Taking a Monday class 8-10pm is worth it if you get to take it with Brechner.
4.5 : This course was a little light on readings / work outside of class, even for a 2 credit course. In class projects exposed us to a lot of new design activities and the software design process, including profiling, scenarios, architecture, and test.
5.0 : I enjoyed the class. Fun group projects.  Great interview preparation.
5.0 : Eric was able to take a fairly dry subject (and textbook) and teach it with enough passion to make it both valuable and interesting. He is extremely engaging, and always gives extremely insightful answers to questions. His knowledge is deep, and he has enough industry experience to speak to the subject's real-world relevance and value.
5.0 : Overall great quarter and really enjoyed Professor Brechner's enthusiasm and application of real-world problems in software development.
5.0 : I like the class project, learn from it a lot.
5.0 : Brechner assigns in class projects that you work on with your classmates. The teams are selected by random and are a large part of your grade. Everything from his lecture and the class projects are fair game from the exams so expect to see them. His lectures are fun and easy to understand.
5.0 : Eric is the best teacher in the Certificate program. He comes prepared with real world knowledge, theory, and humor.  The first quarter is the most intense of the three since the amount of reading required is significant, but after that, the next two in the sequence use the same book. Happy Customer :)
5.0 : A considerably less interesting subject was made engaging. There are no homework; readings only. Group projects were done during the class with short lecture; everything well timed. Professor Eric is quite erudite and passionate about the subject and presents very good explanations to any question asked. I enjoyed his class a lot.
5.0 : Wow!  Very fun class with an enthusiastic instructor.  Yes, we do group projects putting into practice the reading material on software processes.  What a rewarding experience.   One of the best instructors I've had.  He should win teaching awards.
5.0 : Passionate, super knowledgeable, willing to assist, humble, delivers his thoughts on the subject and the lectures really well, and you would enjoy his method of teaching and being in his class. Very rare amongst CS faculties.
5.0 : The class is attractive and not boring at all.
4.0 : It was fine.  Useful content, dry reading.
5.0 : Good class, but difficult tests, and in class projects are a lot of work/effort but you'll do well on them usually.
5.0 : Overall great professor and very interesting class! The group projects provide hands-on experience for real applications used in the industry.
5.0 : Before class, we have to finish readings; and on class we take quizzes, but this is a team work. I think this method is excellent. Because every time, we use different software engineering models, like Waterfall, Kanpan, Scrume etc. It is really a good way for us to be familiar with these real world models, which will be contributed to our job.
4.0 : While I found his real-world, industry-experience-based lectures the most helpful, I thought after getting the hang of the group work that it bordered on busy work a lot of the time. I would prefer more time spent in class discussing the concepts - maybe not spend every class doing group work or make its percentage of the class smaller.
5.0 : His enthusiasm for the subject matter was infectious and his real world experiences with software development that he conveyed in the lectures was very informative. The varying format of the in class group projects did give one a sense of the different models of commercial software development being practiced. The textbook was dry/uninspiring.
5.0 : Eric was very engaging and has a clear passion for software engineering the translates well to the classroom. If you show up to every class and participate in the group projects, it will be hard for you not to succeed, and he leverages his own experiences well during lecture. The textbook is about as dry as a Tattooine desert.
5.0 : Eric is an awesome professor who really brings his years of industry experience to bear in his course design and lectures.  I learned a ton about all different kinds of software development through the different group projects we did in class.  He was hilarious and inspirational.  I would love to work for someone like him when I graduate.
5.0 : Professor Brechner was great at explaining and covering topics that are useful in industry. He brings a wealth of industry experience and insight to make his lectures more interesting. The weekly group quiz was great at teaching us the format and purpose of the most popular software development practices. Overall, an enjoyable class.
5.0 : I really enjoyed learning about software methodology from the professor. He made it fun, interesting and peppered it with a lot of great anecdotes
5.0 : The classroom quizzes are so good that made us to change the perspective of how to look at the book. He made sure to upload necessary files in advance, bring materials needed for classroom quizzes, provided explanations relating to his past experiences, welcomed team's thoughts, promptly graded after class and provided clear format for exams.
5.0 : Great professor of good personality! Humorous and well engaged!
5.0 : Class time goes by extremely fast with his teaching method. The quizzes can be very stressful given that your score can depend on other groups if you don't have time to answer a question on the quiz.
5.0 : I looked at the timing of this class with disdain (8p-10p) until we had the first day of class! Very fun group work every class period. Your group is a great opportunity to make friends with members of your cohort, take advantage of this! Brechner leverages his industry experience to teach about the real world; STUDY his slides, they are important!
5.0 : Professor Brechner is really passionate about the class. His industry experience and inside about what works and what doesn't brings invaluable experience to the class. Also, his sense of humor makes the class enjoyable.
4.5 : His experience and knowledge are keys to what makes him a great teacher. I learned a ton in this class even though I came into it with industry experience. Group projects are a little intimidating, but learning to work with others is part of what it's all about. Would take another class from him.
5.0 : Really helpful ;She has patience to help you a lot, especially you ask more questions.
5.0 : Learned a lot! Was a little bit anxious in the beginning since we didn't get feedback immediately, but have more confidence after doing individual conferences with her.
5.0 : I love Belinda! She's definitely the nicest professor I've had at UW so far. She's very passionate about films, and I learned a lot from this class. 10/10 would recommend!
4.0 : Belinda was one of the nicest, most genuine teachers I've ever had! Despite the fact that it was sometimes difficult to figure out exactly what she wanted from us, I thought she was an incredibly passionate teacher who was willing to help students whenever they needed it.
5.0 : Belinda is very caring and is always willing to help. She is clearly very passionate and knowledgable about what she is teaching. Her classes are lecture heavy and it may sometimes be hard to understand the material but she will clarify if you ask. Work load is average compared to other ENGL 131 classes. If you work hard, you will get a good grade.
5.0 : Great class! Great films and carefully chosen course materials. Belinda is really understanding. Class discussions were appreciable. Got more and more interested in films because of this course.
5.0 : Im an engineering student and English was never my brightest subject. I only took this class because its one of my prerequisites. As it turns out, you dont need to be good at writing because Belinda will always help you with every step of the way. She makes sure every student understands the content and is always willing to support you!
3.0 : This class was not what I expected; more video production than writing criticism. It was an overwhelming amount of work to me, with readings, papers, quizzes and videos all in one week. I think she is new but doesn't seem willing to adjust the curriculum to be more reasonable.
5.0 : Professor B is outstanding. She is very knowledgable about what she teaches, and teaches in such an engaging and entertaining way that you can't help but love her. She is the most fair grader I've ever had and cares more about understanding concepts than grammar. Outstanding teacher. I would take her again in a heartbeat.
5.0 : Khalid is the best Arabic professor I have ever had. He is so nice and really wants his students to do well. Second year Arabic is way easier than first year. If you do the homework and go to class you will be fine.
5.0 : hes a great teacher, his lectures are very clear. makes jokes in class here and there. i wouldn't consider the class hard if you attend class and ask questions you don't understand and he'll  take the time to go over it step by step. tests aren't that hard if you do homework and readings, which aren't bad.
4.5 : Khalid's an excellent teacher, however be prepared for a very work intensive class. Participation is 10-15% of your grade so showing up to class is a must.
2.0 : Hard lectures, tough grader and dosn't seem to care much about his students. Lots of work and preparation. We started as a big class, but many students dropped, including myself . I really wanted to declare Arabic as my minor but after one quarter with Khalid, I decided to drop it. It's hard not to be motivated.
5.0 : I am very lucky to have him for both AA210 and CEE220. He is the best professor I have had by far. He is funny, inspirational and caring. Imagine a 300 student class in Kane Hall he is able to remember many names. He does have accent when speaking English, but I got used to it. CEE220 is hard, but he is worth getting up early for. + he's hot.
5.0 : Really cares about his students.
2.5 : Can't teach but at least test is pretty straightforward. The "textbook" is a bunch of power points with no exercises or solutions so practicing for tests will require you to get a different textbook. It's too bad his way of solving things are completely different from most textbooks methods. Oh well at least grades are curved
4.0 : Very personable, definitely knows what he is talking about. Interested in whether students understands, makes an effort to learn student names. Attends quiz sections to check in on how students are learning. Great experience!
2.5 : I do agree with one of the other reviews-- his methods are more math-based rather than relying on FBDs but they still lead you to the answer. He does have a hard time communicating the principle to students, so I often have to rely on the TAs for help. He's a really cool person outside of class though.
5.0 : An amazing professor, I really loved his class. He is super cool and understanding, and he really wants to help you succeed in his class! He is definitely worth getting up at 8:30 am for!
4.5 : Probably best professor I've had at UW two years in...Really knows his material and once you get used to his accent is very clear to understand. Keeps lectures light and fun, and is a really chill guy. Hard material and fast paced quarter, but he gave a ton of opportunity for extra help. Definitely recommend if he is still teaching this course.
4.5 : Mo by far one of the best professors I've had here at the UW. He is the reason that I am even applying for Civil Engineering. Lectures are super interesting and sometimes gives away what his midterm questions are. SO ATTEND LECTURE.
3.0 : Mo is very entertaining, and makes the class a lot of fun. However, his personality distracts from learning: he stumbles in his explanations, and doesn't follow the textbook at all. Tests are tough, and they take off HW points for things like not using a ruler to box answers. He usually doesn't give any 4.0s. Fun class, but not great for learning.
4.5 : He was hilarious and made every class engaging and entertaining
5.0 : Probably the best engineering professor you will get at UW, super funny and makes class enjoyable. The material is hard but he is very fair with the workload.
5.0 : Mo is literally the dopest professor Ive ever had at UW. He really knows his stuff and he includes everyone in his lecture to make sure we all keep up and stay interested! Theres about 100 people in the lecture but he knew my name by the second one. If you have the opportunity to take one of his classes definitely take it!!!!!
5.0 : Mo is hands-down one of the greatest professor I have ever had here at UW. He makes class entertaining and he does a great job on explanations and making sure that we are 100% on the material. Easy to contact and set up appointments for additional office hours. I am very fortunate to have him as a professor
4.0 : As everyone else says, he is a very good prof. His lectures are good and he gives you plenty of material for studying purposes. He is funny, but tries a bit too hard to be funny, and ended up really getting on my nerves toward the end of the quarter. Assigns HW relentlessly, over thanksgiving and even made a HW due the day of weekend before finals.
4.0 : Mo definitely cares about his students! He makes class super fun and engaging. Sometimes his explanations can be a little confusing, but always encourages students to ask questions and seek help outside of class. He gives us life lessons too which are always inspiring. Hands down my favorite prof at UW so far! He's also super hot (;
5.0 : Mo is the man. He is a funny guy, but really wants to help you learn as well. He encourages office hour visits and questions. His slides provide problems with clear explanations, which serve as great study material. The tests are very fair. Overall, a great professor.
5.0 : Great lecturer! Inspirational, fair on grading, help students develop good study habits. Going to his office hours helps
4.0 : Dr. Hunter makes his students think critically about the invisible and visible disparities faced by people of color in our modern day context.  This class really did change my life and way of thinking, and I will never forget Dr. Hunter's unique and full of life lectures.
1.0 : Hunter was rude and disrespectful to students. His expectations and policies were unclear and unreasonable. The class started with 30 people and only 6 finished the course. Course material was awesome, but the prof was not.
1.0 : The course had no structure and became mostly about his personal life. He would put down students and give everyone grades of 0 out 1000 points for papers with no constructive feedback. A very hostile learning experience. Many students received e-mails and would be distraught after.
5.0 : As a recent graduate of UW who moved onward to Cornell Law School, Professor Hunter's course was one of the most rewarding classes I had taken at UW. The way he teaches is similar to the structure of classes at my ivy league institution.  Students are pushed to think, not remain idle while answers are given to challenging material.
5.0 : This, without a doubt, was THE most important and worthwhile class I have ever taken at UW. Dr. Hunter is a brilliant professor that pushes his students to think critically about society (and most importantly themselves) with the help of engaging and thought-provoking literature and viewing material. Amazing class, I more than recommend taking it.
5.0 : This has to be THE most important and worthwhile class I have ever taken at UW. Dr. Hunter is a brilliant professor that pushes students to examine society (and more importantly, themselves)by incorporating engaging literature and interesting viewing material. Challenging, but growth promoting. Amazing class, I more than recommend  taking it.
4.5 : I left Dr. Hunter's class with a completely different perspective from when I came in. The class was difficult and had a lot of work but was really interesting. He will call you out for a weak argument, bad writing, or intellectual arrogance but you will get better because of it. Without a doubt the best course I've taken at UW.
5.0 : This was easily the best class I've taken at UW. Dr. Max pushes you to think critically and express those thoughts clearly on paper. The class was challenging but keep reading, keep writing, and keep watching The Wire. This class is worth taking.
5.0 : Prof. Hunter was awesome!! His passion for the subject showed in his lectures and it was a different way of learning. I LOVED THIS CLASS.
5.0 : Dr. Hunter's course was extremely transformative and his teaching methods pushed his students to think critically. This is not a bird course and you will leave his course transformed as a individual. If you don't that probably meant you didn't show up to class or spent the class periods on YouTube or something.
4.5 : Dr. Hunter's class was one of the most personally challenging classes that I took at UW. It was phenomenal; however, it is not an easy class. I do not recommend taking it if you do not intend to fully engage with it. That said if you come ready to learn, Dr. Hunter will push your thinking and you will be a better person for it.
5.0 : Dr. Hunter's class was extremely transformative. It will change the way you think about and perceive the world. I learned sooo much. It's a tough class, but definitely worth it. I would recommend this class to everyone.
5.0 : Barnes is a little awkward, but really does care about what he is teaching. He's obsessed with sleep and how it effects the work place etc, so if you go into class with something to say about that he'll love you. KEEP UP WITH THE READING because his lecture slides are not enough for the 1 midterm and final. He's new but actually a great teacher!
4.5 : Great lecturer, really cares about material and he keeps things interesting with off color jokes. READ THE TEXTBOOK, his slides don't cover all the material in depth. Class didn't require a whole lot of time outside of school, however he is an arbitrary grader. Deducts points without telling you why  or how you could have done better
4.0 : Barnes was up and down for me. Lectures were good, but awfully boring and straight from the book. Exams werent too bad (1 page notes front/back). Class was structured, but you could tell he just copied a different professors syllabus. He definitely cares about the material, but I think it was hard for him to pass that on to his students.
4.5 : He is nice &amp; knowledgeable. Exams were not too bad because you are allowed a note sheet but they are very short and every point counts. Lectures were boring initially but it became better as the class progressed - not talking about the content here - I am talking about the professor himself. Overall a very smart person.
2.0 : Midterm 40%, Final 40%, Group project/presentation 20%. Exams are 18 MC questions (4 points each) &amp; 2 essay questions (14 points each). MC questions were unusually hard, despite studied hard. Lectures are boring. He uses generic slides, skips all over. Don't expect to  learn anything about real-life management, Its all theory/research
5.0 : He was a great professor. Definitely wants you to learn the background behind the prison system, borders, and hip-hop. One of the best classes I have taken. He wants you to be outstanding in your writing and helps you every step of the way. He makes the class very interesting and he has a lot of energy which makes you not get bored! He is amazing!
5.0 : Very passionate about the prison and boarders which makes it easier to follow along. I love how hes very enthusiastic which makes it easier to follow.
5.0 : One of the best and most outgoing teachers I've ever had. He always comes in with a smile on his face, and will always talk to you before class. His research writing class depends on 2 essays and online class discussions which are short. Is not strict and will give extensions on papers if you have a really good excuse. I learned a lot from him.
4.5 : Great teacher. He cares about attendance, and what you learn. Speak with him and let him know who you are. Not an easy class, unless you do your work. 3 short papers and 1 final research paper with 6 canvas discussions.
4.0 : Not an easy class, but if you answer questions and write well then 3.5 or above will be given. Don't think he is stupid, do what he asks.
4.5 : Very helpful and good teaching methods to make every student understand important concepts.
5.0 : Good Prof
5.0 : Good course which gives a holistic view in the security realm. Gives homework regularly which is good to keep in touch with the course and makes preparing for mid terms and finals much easier. Mid Terms and Finals have logical questions for which having a clear concept on the topics is necessary.
3.5 : Very friendly and always ready to help. However, Tests are very subjective. You need to think through his perspective to clear.
5.0 : My only complaint about her is that her time management isn't the best, but it was only a problem in a handful of problems. Otherwise, she's great. She reminds me of a good high school teacher. The environment of the classroom is less serious and more open.
4.5 : This was such an interesting class! Professor was super nice and her lectures were really clear. Tests were pretty straightforward and as long as you review your notes, you'll do fine. Very easy if you put in the effort!
4.5 : She was funny and engaging. Material is not interesting basically just a TON of memorizing(names, places, ect.)The grade is based off only 3 midterms..so if you mess up on one you're screwed. There is a little extra credit but if you didn't basically memorize everything then you're grade is in the toilet. The tests were on little tiny details.
5.0 : LOVED HER LECTURES! She told the stories beautifully and clear. All in all one of my favorite professors at UW
5.0 : She is the reason I am minoring in classics. She is kind, caring, and though a bit lecture heavy, you will learn a lot of fascinating things that will impress your friends.
5.0 : Super helpful teacher assistance and her lecture is clear and systematic! Attendance is mandatory but every section is worthy to go. Also, she graded the papers blindly with the name to avoid bias in the class, ummm she said. Anyways, good teacher at all and is highly recommended !
5.0 : 10/10 would recommend.
2.0 : the reason I didn't like it because she doesn't even give out study guide for exams, and work was dense, its more like a 800 level doctoral class rather than an intro class
5.0 : I'm not really sure what these bad reviews are about. Professor Stanley was an extremely good lecturer. She certainly was not arrogant, and she gave excellent feedback explaining why she graded things the way she did. Overall she was just a very clear teacher.
1.5 : she has an arrogance issue. the way she presents herself is so condescending. she tries to be funny but its a really horrible attempt. she SUCKS at grading. the class assignments are confusing and the TAs don't help to clarify at all. i haven't really had bad TA experiences and unfortunately this was my first
3.0 : Ok. Asian accent somewhat difficult to understand, but not too bad. Lectures are very dry, and should probably focus more on examples than on names of formulas, etc. Grade  2 tests, 4 HW assignments, group project. Midterm was extreme time crunch for all, but not too difficult. Overall moderately hard class.
4.5 : Mr. Chen is a great teacher! He is very thorough, patient, and kind. He does a great job of teaching an already difficult subject. He makes sure everyone understands, and is always available after class and during office hours to help. His lecture slides are detailed and easy to follow. I would definitely take another class from him!
3.0 : Overall he is a great guy. He does have a fairly thick accent but he tries his hardest to be clear. He is super clear about what to expect for the midterm. As long as you go to lecture and pay attention to his examples, you will be very succesfull. Do NOT buy the book, absolutely not necessary. Shi's examples are good enough for the midterm.
4.5 : I really liked this class, however some of my classmates struggled. It really depends on what your strengths are. If you do well in math courses this is the teacher for you! Everything is based on formulas and mathematical equations. His tests are straight forward but long. If you study everything in red  on his ppt you are good to go.
4.5 : I really liked this class, however some of my classmates struggled. It really depends on what your strengths are. If you do well in math courses this is the teacher for you! Everything is based on formulas and mathematical equations. His tests are straight forward but long.
4.0 : Professor Chen is very willing and patient to help students. You can bring notes to his exams. The case study is kind of hard but he would help you if you go to his office hour.
4.5 : Professor Chen is a great guy! Just pay attention during class and you'll be fine. His assignments were pretty straightforward. I would recommend taking opmgt 301 with him.
5.0 : Professor Chen is who i tell everyone to take for opmgmt. he is clear cut about what you need to know and VERY enthusiastic about the material. Tests are essentially the exact same as the lecture material.  DONT BUY THE BOOK!
5.0 : I highly recommend him, he's straightforward and very helpful!
4.0 : I really liked Professor Berliner, she's a really nice teacher who really understood the plight of students.   She even canceled one of the papers because she felt like we had too much as it was!   attendance isn't mandatory but she often gave extra credit to us who did.   fair amount of group work but nothing outlandish.   Not to mention shes cute
5.0 : She is very helpful!
5.0 : She is a great instructor.  She does give a fair amount of homework/readings, but it is not overwhelming. I would definitely take one of her classes again.
2.0 : Hard grade, hard assignment. I did not learn too much in this class.
5.0 : Enthusiastic, intelligent, supportive. Loved this class, loved Berliner. Lots of work, but worth it considering the subject.
5.0 : This professor was good. She was clear and concise with what she wanted. The material made sense and helped with the overall class structure. Overall great class and professor.
5.0 : Dude's a stallion and one of the best teachers I've had in this department. Actually learned during lectures.
5.0 : This professor is great. He taught this class as if you forgot everything from 215,  and brought you up to speed on everything before you charged forward. Midterm was no problem if you know your stuff (how to analyze a circuit), final was a little more challenging (way more math).  Best EE teacher thus far.
5.0 : He is the best teacher ever. You can ask him anything you like and he ll answer you. He is top of the subject teaching it. He is the best in EE bothell.
5.0 : Amazing instructor.  Probably best I have ever had.  EXTREMELY organized.  Very clear and precise with his power points that he makes himself.  Provides final answers to HW when he assigns it.  Always in his office and always, over the top, willing to help you out.  Genuinely concerned about your education and flexible when the need arises.
3.0 : He just seems done.  I took him before, and he was great.  This quarter, I don't know what happened, but he was downright mean to students.  He seemed genuinely disappointed in us.  He belittled other students for not answering questions in class.  I had to leave class one day because he was riding me so hard.  Hope it was just an off quarter. :(
4.0 : He is good lecturer, but he sometimes gets attitude and changes from good guy to rude. Knock his office and he will listen you while he is inside doing nothing.  He does not use American grading system, so it is probable that all you get is midterm and final exam plus very small grade portion of  quiz and homework.
5.0 : Go to ALL his lectures, engage yourself, and listen; he does call on students randomly. If you understand the homework, you should get an A in the class (you won't really need to read the textbook). He may seem intimidating in class but if you don't understand something, go to his office hours ASAP and he will work through any problem with you :)
4.5 : Good professor. Knows the material and his method of teaching is really good as you go over practice problems in class and have homework assignments similar to the class problems but slightly more challenging. Gives a lot of partial credit during exams. He might seem a bit "mean/strict" at times but I think he does that to be fair.
5.0 : Jenny is a great English teacher. I normally avoid English and take math and CS instead but her class was awesome. The curriculum was all about zombies and how they have changed over the decades with our culture and I thought it was really fun. She doesn't make it too hard and she is a very helpful grader. I would recommend her class!
5.0 : Jenny is the most awesome instructor I have had.  She's hilarious and current and provokes awesome discussions.  I did not put as much effort into this class as I should have, but she makes it easy to engage and be an active member of the class to those willing to participate.  I want to be her best friend.
4.0 : She's a nice teacher who likes relating to her students. The work wasn't too demanding and I believe her class was easier than a lot of the other ENGL 111 classes.
5.0 : Jenny is the sweetest, coolest, most understanding person ever. She always is open to meeting with you and she definitely made every class interesting. I was never really good at writing, but in this course we only had to write 3 papers, instead of six and one of them was a creative project.
4.5 : Jenny is an awesome teacher! When I first found out the class was about zombies, I felt like the quarter would go by super slow, but it all makes sense in the end. On top of that, Jenny really cares about how her students are doing and as mentioned, she doesn't make the class too difficult.
5.0 : Jenny is a wonderful professor at the UW! Currently taking her Reading Drama: Violence class and her lectures are really thought provoking. She cares a lot for her students and will go the extra mile to make sure you're comfortable in class. If you are uncomfortable with the material or having a stress breakdown of sorts, she will be there for you!
5.0 : Jenny is fantastic! By far one of the most caring professors I've had at UW. She finds ways to improve your writing in various writing styles. She wants you to think and push your boundaries of knowledge. There were three main papers and PLENTY of time and feedback on them to succeed.
5.0 : Jenny is one of the best professors I have ever had she makes the environment very casual so it's easy to ask questions and keeps students interested just by the way she speaks. She is engaging and fair and extremely easy to talk to. She makes the subject almost seem voluntary rather than required makes me want to be a better writer and speaker.
4.5 : Jenny is a fantastic teacher! She's completely understanding of any difficulties you may be going through, and is willing to put in the time to help you out. She's sweet, intelligent, cares a lot about her students, and knows what she's talking about. She comes to class prepared, and is just awesome in general!
5.0 : Chris is the best T.A. I have had so far. Very kind and not strict at all, and I really looked forward to class each week b/c the questions and discussion were so thought-provoking and honestly interesting. writing assignments were hard but his comments were helpful and expands my thinking.
5.0 : Funnest class I've ever taken, the readings are tough but class discussions help a lot. The simulations are super fun and he offers a lot of extra credit but attendance and participation is essential for the group writing assignments. This course covers a wide range of pop culture and taking Anth 205 beforehand is a plus for the material.
5.0 : Very Difficult class but very good Professor. He does not make anything (hw or exams) easy but you will learn a lot and he is fair with grading. I would recommend taking Thermo and fluid dynamics with him if at all possible. Thermo is a Very important class for future applications of your career so it is good to have an awesome professor like Brian
5.0 : Such a hotty (lol cuz thermo). Best class I've never taken.
4.5 : Great lecturer.  Explanation of concepts are clear and are supported by real world examples.  The workload is manageable and the assignments are not trivial.  No textbook required for the class.
5.0 : Great teacher. Absolutely wonderful lecture notes, one of the best lecturer. Definitely not an easy teacher though but worth it for the knowledge. Would take again.
5.0 : Best professor Ive had at UW so far. Professor Polagye is extremely detail oriented, preparing  outstanding lecture notes for class. He is also very smart, friendly, and flexible. Textbook did not look interesting at all, but he made thermodynamics an awesome and very enjoyable subject.
5.0 : Brian is one of few professors that I've had who genuinely cares about students' learning and does a terrific job to cater to students' needs. Lectures are crystal clear and incredibly well-organized. Website is well-structured and easy to navigate. The class was challenging, but I learned a lot while also enjoying the material. Would take again!
4.5 : great class and learned alot although I did ok, I should have studied harder for exams.  the material was well covered and the teacher would ask us questions often to be sure we understood.
4.5 : I normally don't spend the time to rate professors here on this website but I happen to notice a rating for Mr. Scheusler that I found really strange and though I better say something based on my experience.  I believe he taught this only once which was when I took it and he was great.  Very helpful, knew the subject, and really cared if we learned
4.5 : Took this in Winter 2014 and had him for 2 previous classes(142, 143).  Works very hard to see that we learn. Always available in email, office hours, pre-arranged times, and spent much time after class to help. Assignments graded very fast and in detail. Lectures might seem long but, he teaches us so much more or more thoroughly than required.
5.0 : If you want one of those silly "hand-On" classes that teaches very little but offers an eay A, don't take this guy.  If you really want to seriously learn computer science concepts, this is the teacher for you!  Schessler makes you work and truly learn the field of computer science, not just copying code but,  really tests problem solving skills.
5.0 : Mr. Schuessler is one of the best professors in Institute of Technology. He is very helpful, organized and knowledgeable of what he is teaching. He might be a little sloppy and talk a little quite, so that some of the students sleep during the lecture, but if you are interested in subject, he is a best person to learn from. RECOMMEND!
4.0 : I liked David very much, he is a good teacher. He can be unorganized in his lectures but he works hard to make sure students learn and understand the material. He assigns quite a bit of work outside of class, like homework and projects, but doing those really help you understand the material. He's also very helpful if you seek help from him!
4.0 : Mr. Schuessler is a good teacher. His assignments are difficult but tests are not as hard if you are prepared from the assignments. Lots of material is covered in this class; reading the textbook ahead of time is helpful.
4.0 : Mr. Schuessler is a good teacher.  A lot of material has to be covered in this class. His assignments are difficult but if you work hard on them you will be well prepared for the exams.
4.5 : Great professor, great class, he really cares about your learning.
4.0 : You will seriously have to spend TONS of time studying. If you don't understand stuff you will be left behind and fail. - There is no extra credit available (1% for assignment for pointing out errors) - Assignment every week + He cares about students, if you don't get something, definitely email him or visit his office
2.0 : He is pretty clueless as a lecturer. No idea what he's talking about most of the time and he fumbles with something every day.  He is reasonable on tests and assignments though, and although I've never seeked it out myself it's obvious he cares and gives as much help as he can. Terribly nice guy, kind of bland but would recommend.
4.5 : Great class and Mr. S. is a great teacher.  Really knows his stuff and is always available for help.  143 with Mr. S. really prepared me and others I know for 305.  I would sign up for his section in any other class I might take.
4.5 : I really enjoyed this class and the prof does a lot to make sure we really learn the essentials.  Also, the programming assignments were challenging but fun.
5.0 : He is a very cool professor. At the beginning of the quarter, I found him a little boring. But as the course went on, I realized he was a good lecturer. His tests were somewhat easy. The assignments he gave were reasonable though challenging sometimes. More important, he was always there to help you as much as he could.
5.0 : I could not ask for a better teacher. If you are serious about learning CS, this professor will lead you on the right path. His classes are in no way easy and can be fun if you are into it but he really really makes sure that you are ready for the next class and that is most important to be successful. Unlike many teachers, he is there for you!!!!!
5.0 : If you are taking CS for your major, I highly recommend Mr S. because you will actually learn the material. Be careful though, you have to put in a lot of effort! You can easily split the class into two groups: the ones who come prepared and the ones that don't. Read the book and study. Mr. S is always there for you but he cant study for you.
1.0 : Nice guy terrible instructor
5.0 : Had this teacher back in spring at FSCJ and we were taught python. I'm glad I took this teacher since he taught us a lot from his experiences. It's a 3 hour class but well worth it. PowerPoint lectures, projects, quizzes, labs, midterm and final exams. He's also helpful and wants you to learn the language and succeed.
4.0 : Fairly tough class to take during Summer quarter and he taught it well. If you go over lecture notes and make sure you understand and can replicate the concepts, you'll do fine.
4.0 : Mr. Schuessler is one of the best entry computer science lecturers. His in-class explanations are critical if you are in the Computer Science major, and he does explain in very simple terms in the lectures the very complicated programming paradigms. Make sure you are reading and doing homework ahead of time and class or else you'll have a hard time
5.0 : This is a great course that teaches the important aspects of  programming.  Mr. S. does everything he can to make sure every student succeeds.  Of course, there are always some who don't follow instructions or get help when needed but, Mr. S. is always available.  I highly recommend Mr. S. for any course he might be teaching!
5.0 : So much to learn in this course and Mr. Schuessler made the material easy and actually fun to understand in spite of the complexity.  I only wish he taught more upper level courses such as data structures.
5.0 : took this in the summer and things move fast but, mr. schessler made sure everyone was on track.  He uses his own modified text slides and adds plenty of inclass examples.  I would send him email questions late at night and on weekends and he would send me help usually in just a few hours!  great professor!
1.0 : Terrible lecturer - unorganized, does not clearly explain concepts. Expects an unreasonable amount of independent learning from students. It is one thing to expect students to study, it is another to expect students to come to class with an understanding of material that hasn't been lectured on. He often refuses to answer questions and is negative.
5.0 : Mr. Schuessler is organized and professional. I came to his office hours 3x and he was pleasant and willing to help. Very good at balancing assignments to make sure you learn without unreasonable amounts of work. If you are interested in becoming a better programmer, take him. Weekly projects were a bit of a bummer but really did help you learn.
5.0 : Great professor.  Always got your back and genuinely cares about your learning. I learned a lot more than I thought posssible.
4.0 : Mr. Schuessler is a good professor. He was extremely helpful whenever I was having difficulties with an assignment or a concept. He gives detailed feedback on assignments and grades them in a timely manner so you can improve on future assignments. Sure he goes off topic sometimes, but he's a good guy and overall I learned a lot in the class!
5.0 : I was nervous about this class but, Mr. S. did a great job teaching the concepts.  He made each topic easy to understand and gave programming projects every week, grading each before the next was due. Friendly and helpful and would spend lots of time helping beyond his office hours and usually responded within a few hours to email questions.
5.0 : Very helpful, clear lectures, interesting assignments, and great professor.  The best part is he's always available for assistance when needed.  Also, assignments and tests are graded fairly and very quickly with detailed feedback which is amazing considering the different ways students might solve a problem.
5.0 : I had Mr. Schuessler for this class and also the previous one and would really like to take other classes with him in the future.  He really seems to care that all of us learn the subject and learn it well.  Aside from office time (regular hours or anytime he's in) and email, he would spend an hour or more during his lunch time helping students!
5.0 : I just now found this site and wanted to say a few good things about Mr. Schuesler.  I took 371 with him in the winter of 2014 and really enjoyed this course.  We learned so much about the hardware part of computers and used many different tools that made learning this topic really fun and interesting.  Great professor!
4.5 : Awesome professor!  When I took 142 I had trouble with some of the concepts but professor Schuessler was careful to make sure we understood everything covered without being too slow or boring.  Lots of assignments and always available for help.  I highly recommend Mr. Schuessler
5.0 : Follow her structure, she has a way she wants the essays to be written and as long as you follow that you're good. Of course if you are actually good at writing feel free to do your own thing. Cares a lot about students and theirs success, lenient grading policy (just no late work), highly accessible outside of class
5.0 : Very sweet and helpful. She will always make sure each students knows whats going on in class :)
5.0 : Professor Voyles is and was one of the best professors I have ever had. I have never had a professor more caring towards students than her. Her lectures and one on one conferences set you up for success. There is a lot of work but it is all to help your grade in the end. She is very thoughtful and I wish that she could teach all of my classes.
5.0 : She is a really good and nice professor that gives you useful feedback. It will be good to have her as your writing class's professor.
5.0 : Best writing teacher I've ever had! Her classes are very well organized; the syllabus has the daily and weekly schedule planned out so there's no questioning what is due when. She's enthusiastic and engaging in her lessons, also very understanding about missed deadlines. She is very encouraging when it comes to writing-insecurities.
5.0 : I love Katherine! This was my second class of hers that I have taken. Her lit analysis class is really good, but there is a lot of reading. I suggest getting the audio books to make it more manageable to listen while doing other tasks throughout the day. That being said, the only homework is the reading. I would totally reccomend this class!
5.0 : I love this class. Katherine is extremely nice and is always willing to clarify any questions. I was worried this class would be difficult but in the end it was easier than I thought. She is a reasonable grader. There was quite a bit of work, but nothing too hard. I recommend her to anyone wanting to take Interdisciplinary writing.
5.0 : I took BCUSP 134 with her and made sure to schedule my classes around her class. She is amazing. Such a kind, understanding and helpful person. I wish I could take all my classes with her.
5.0 : She is the best, always willing to help her students but makes learning in her class very enjoyable. Would definitely recommend, favorite Prof. at UWB so far.
4.0 : Professor Voyles is by far one of the best professors I have had. Everything is straightforward in her class and everything leads to the 10 page final at the end. Weekly reading and responses due but she does accept late work. She is very good at explaining and giving help and advice. Not intimidating at all and is so sweet. A must take!!!
5.0 : I love professor Voyles!!!! She is definitely my favorite professor.  She is always there for you.  She is very clear at her expectations and requirements.  She would have several one on one meeting with her students to discuss over their essays, which is very helpful.  She is a reasonable grader and a very kind person.  A must-take!
5.0 : I loved Professor Voyles! She is so kind and always willing to help. She's always available during office hours to talk about your writing and even holds mandatory conferences to talk over your paper with you (which are EXTREMELY helpful).  If I ever need to take another writing class, I would love to take it with her.
3.0 : Voyles breaks everything down to the smallest detail. I recommened you go to class  90% of the time as she notices and makes comments if you don't, and trust me you want to be on her good side! When you ask her questions she never seems to answer them but rather tip toe around the answer you're looking for. 15pg essay is what it comes down to.
5.0 : Katherine is honestly amazing! She is so sweet, and really cares for her students.
4.0 : Dr, Volyes is an awesome and nice teacher, but sometimes I would get bored in her class and not pay attention. The essays we plan to write are really fun and interesting, but I feel like some of the assignments she gives us is unnecessary. I really like how we meet up with her individually about setting our work together. I recommend taking her.
5.0 : the most passionate, kind, and helpful prof at Foster. The classes are super engaging and fun!
5.0 : A kind, kind professor who truly cares about his students. Will try to explain things as clearly as he can, and he keeps class super interesting. The exams aren't difficult, just a lot of memorization. But, if you go to class and do the readings, you'll do fine.
5.0 : I generally don't write opinions online but I just wanted to share what a wonderful prof Abhi is. Very caring and inspirational. His effort to ensure that the clsss is interesting makes each class worth attending. No participation points but I didn't miss any class. highly recommend him.
5.0 : Prof Borah is the reason why I shifted my major to marketing. Take 301 with him. Easily the best prof in Foster I have had. Plus eager to help for anything that I had doubts for.
4.5 : Thought I was going to hate the class, he made it interesting&amp;fun. He is really into his research, but puts a lot of effort into his class. Grades quite easily. Basically lives in his office (so he says) so he's always there to help.  Easy multiple choice tests (book AND lecture material). Just keep up w/the reading&amp;go to lecture.
5.0 : He is outstanding as a teacher and as a person. Full marks for making the class so much fun to attend.
5.0 : Fun class, great Professor, helpful and nice person.
4.5 : Fantastic Prof, despite this being his first year he is one of the best I've ever had. Has a slight accent but completely understandable. He's cool, funny, helpful, and keeps class interesting. First class ever that I haven't felt sleepy/bored in. Made me seriously consider the Marketing track.
5.0 : Probably one of the best professors I have ever had. I actually looked forward to his class. Both midterms and the final exam were multiple choice. 3 Cases that weren't too bad as long as you had a good group.
5.0 : Abhi is a wonderful teacher. Very engaging lectures. He cares for his students and is always there to respond quickly if you have any doubts or clarifications on the material. One of my favorite classes at UW.
3.0 : He doesn't explain things very clearly, but overall, class was interesting. I wasn't in a good group so we didn't do well on the group cases which brought my grade down.
4.5 : Even though I had no interest in marketing, I loved this class. Professor Borah made everything very easy to understand. Cases depend on how good of a group you have, exams depend on how hard you study since he gives excellent study guides. Exam averages are high, so study well. If I were a marketing major, I'd take another class with Prof Borah!
4.0 : The Average is high on everything, and since the class is graded on percentiles it is hard to get a good grade. With 2 average test scores, one 34 above the curve, and full points on the final group project, I got a 3.3. (I had a 92.5%). That said, I still recommend his class. He is a good teacher and classes are interesting, though not mandatory.
4.0 : three exams, pretty easy once you read the text, and his lecture study guide, class average was very high, so you really need to study hard. his class was interesting, provide funny materials. group projects are a little bit hard, like other people said, you really need to be in a good group to get good grade.
5.0 : Great professor! I initially was not sure of this class but it ended being my favorite class that I took in Foster all year. He's kind, funny, and makes learning so much  fun.
5.0 : Abhi is as good as it gets. I am a finance major and had no interest in this class. At the end of the class, I almost felt like leaving my major for marketing. Sincere, nice, always there to help (he replies to your queries asap), and very funny without trying. Great class!
4.0 : Exams are easy, but that comes at a cost. Since test averages are usually around 90, you MUST consistently score above 90 to even think about getting a 3.4+. Get yourself a good group as well since there are quite a few group assignments. Other than that, great lecturer. He provides the slide print outs and even hands out study guides.
5.0 : I am taking his class right now and have to admit its one of the best in Foster. Great lecturer with great personality.
5.0 : Amazing teacher, very helpful and clear with the material presented. Tests are pretty easy if you read the book and pay attention in class, he also gives out great study guides for each exam. Pretty funny as well, and actually inspired me to commit to Marketing, so if you're on the fence about it I'd take this.
4.0 : Abhi is not just a professor I respect, but a person I respect. Though his explanations aren't always the best, you can tell he's worked hard and cares for his students. He offers extensive office hours: utilize them! Tests are very straightforward if you know the lecture slides and read assigned book pages. He is funny without trying and so kind.
5.0 : Very interesting class but the averages are a bit high. So you have to study very hard. Abhi is soo nice and helpful. He truly cares for his students and always responds very quickly if you have any queries. Plus the study guides are awesome.
5.0 : Super nice person who really cares for students. Attendance is not mandatory but I went to every class as they are super engaging and fun. He wants you to succeed and is funny and kind. The only issue is that the class is curved so you have to really do well in each of the tests and assignments.
5.0 : Andrew was really easygoing and followed the textbook closely. Wrote on the whiteboard so easy to keep up in class without rushing to write notes. Not a harsh grader.
4.5 : He's a pretty cool guy! Text book was not necessary. You learn about interesting stuff and he's a fairly easy grader, so go to class, write down everything he puts on the white board, and you are super set. He's really open to research projects with students, so hit him up if you like computer security and are good at it!
5.0 : Better than most professors in the program.  In-class discussions are informative and clear.  Assignments are lax as long as you know the material.  Tests/exams are also easy if you study well, otherwise you won't pass them.  He provides PP study guides.  Study those and his lecture slides, he posts them all on Canvas. Did I mention native English?
4.0 : He's smart with a dash of great personality&amp;orator-ship. Lectures are good but don't expect to become an all knowing person in a topic he teaches. He knows most of the stuff with seldom having less clear answers. Had a lot of quizzes &amp; homeworks. Expected tough grade but he graded good. He assists in most situations. Gear up for multiple  readings.
5.0 : Brent is really good at teaching and he really knows his stuff! There are a lot of stuff to cover, but he tries his best to let you know what are the most important ones and he really cares that you learn the concepts. He helps you prepare for the midterm exam and he encourage students to go to his office hours.
5.0 : Veit is a really funny guy and makes learning the language fun. He also makes an real effort to be sure you learn the material and also puts emphasis on what is important and what is superfluous. He's also quite dreamy. That was the only distracting thing.
4.5 : very nice teacher, enthusiastic, open to different perspectives. 1 midterm, multiple quizzes, lots of extra credit.
4.0 : He's a really cool professor! He gives a few pop quizzes every now and then, but if you do the required reading then it's pretty manageable. Lots of extra credit opportunities too!
4.0 : Helpful, fun spanish teacher.  Very laidback and jovial
5.0 : Alex Bleecker is primarily a poet, but he still gives very helpful commentary when it comes to prose. Gives great feedback and advice no matter what level you're at. His instructions are clear, he has accessible office hours, and is overall a cool guy and a fantastic teacher. Flexible and ready to answer all questions and gives good examples.
5.0 : Alex is a fantastic teacher. I only gave such a high rating for easiness because as far as I know, no one was ever confused. He's brilliant at what he does, helpful, accessible, and he really cares about his students. He even made cookies for the last day of class - SUCH a great guy. Definitely one of the best teachers I've had in college.
5.0 : Alex is a fantastic teacher. I only gave such a high rating for easiness because as far as I know, no one was ever confused. He's brilliant at what he does, helpful, accessible, and he really cares about his students. He even made cookies for the last day of class - SUCH a great guy. Definitely one of the best teachers I've had in college!
5.0 : One of the best TA's I've had in college. He was very knowledgable and overall very excited about whether students learned. Great guy!
5.0 : I did not even have the slightest interest in poetry before this class, but I now have really gained respect for the art and process that goes into creating poetry pieces because of Alex. He truly made class interesting, and was so generous with his time in office hours discussing assignments, and helping with revisions. Truly, a gifted teacher.
5.0 : I couldn't have asked for a better professor for a Creative Writing course. I found this class to be challenging for me personally and it drastically improved my writing. Alex is honest with feedback and pushes you to be a better writer. He'll go above and beyond to work with you to be successful. Outstanding class and outstanding professor.
4.0 : He seemed intimidating because he's a poet, but he demonstrated that he values effort and application of what is taught in class, which in turn yields a decent piece. I learned memorable poems in his class and his insight on them definitely made an impression.
5.0 : Alex is extremely intelligent, funny, and easy to approach. He clearly has a passion for poetry and lit, and that begins to spill over into even the most hesitant students. He is high-energy and never boring, and I noticed was very good at helping shy students come out of their shells. Highly recommended. I'd love to take another class w/ him.
4.5 : Alex was a great TA. Very helpful and made the material accessible to the whole class, which varied in background. Meeting with him 1:1 was especially helpful!
5.0 : Alex is my favorite TA so far. He's incredibly approachable, funny, and knowledgeable about poetry. He makes sure everyone understands, and makes himself available for extra help. Alex made this class my favorite due to his enthusiasm and love for writing. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Rachel Shields is one of the best teachers I've had. Not only is she enthusiastic about what she's teaching, she's even more enthusiastic about helping people. She's given me fantastic commentary on my pieces and she's very helpful. She talks a lot, but her 'lectures' are interesting and help further students understanding of the text.
5.0 : HOT
5.0 : Fantastic! I am always slightly cautious when approaching a class taught by a graduate student (even though she was just about to get her doctorate), but I was extremely impressed by this class. Rachel Shields really cares about your education and provides a very well-rounded and supportive approach to writing. She will make a great professor.
5.0 : She knows how to motivate her class and make lectures interesting. She was able to keep my 8:30 lecture awake. She really cares about our learning and uses a lot of class examples to emphasize topics.
5.0 : Lian's great. The first day of class was alright, but as the quarter goes on you get to see how caring and passionate she is about the course! She structured the MGMT 300 curriculum very well. She repeats information from the textbook and adds her own insightexamples. She makes an effort to get to know you as a student and she is always cheerful!
5.0 : She is such a great professor. Very funny and tries to make the class interactive by giving us different group activities. She requires you to know a lot of material but if you study her lectures you will be fine. I highly recommend taking her class.
4.5 : Lian is one of the nicest professor's I've ever had. She clearly cares about her students and their learning. That being said, class is pretty boring. Her 2 hour lectures could probably be condensed into one hour or less. Also, be ready to do a lot of work between midterm, final, individual paper, team research paper, and team presentation.
4.0 : Lian is funny and engaging and very helpful. Midterm and final were pretty straight forward, but between that, the group project, and individual paper, workload is very heavy. Keep in mind the class is NOT graded on a curve
5.0 : Lian is revamping the HR curriculum, she is clearly dedicated. This class was a dramatic change from MGMT 311 and she makes course concepts crystal clear. Although the staffing class is mostly theoretical, Lian does a great job lecturing and makes sure that information is clear. Her lectures are easy to follow and she's super sweet!
2.0 : It's hard to be harsh, because Lian is a very nice person, but her class is not a good one. No room for intellectual stimulation as she expects you to memorize her slides, and rejects other students' opinions. Unreasonable amount of work for one class. Not terribly hard, but lots of inconsistencies on Lian's part. Take someone else if you can.
4.5 : Had Lian for both MGMT 300 and 320. Super chill. Did better in her 320 class--easier group project and individual written assignment. Easy to earn participation points and MGMT 320's themes allowed an easier time to use the Canvas discussion board. All the assignments are due at Week 10, start early. Would recommend! Get her to know your name.
3.0 : Like someone else said, she's nice, except she cuts people off mid-sentence. That drives me insane! Lectures can easily be condensed to one hour. Too much busy work (group project, real world paper, etc). Overall, an interesting class that has some useful information.
4.0 : He teaches the second half of the course and is way more engaging than Brzovic. also he throws candy around.
3.5 : really funny guy, great professor. tests are tricky but nothing different than bio 405 or the other bio 406 professor's.
4.5 : He made the second half of class. He has a sense of humor, is passionate about biochemistry, and has the knowledge to back it all up. During office hours he is very attentive to students questions and is willing to help until you understand. He is a great professor who expects a lot from students and therefore writes hard (but fair) exams.
5.0 : Ailion is such a cool guy- his lectures are fun, he's just ridiculously nice and funny, and he doesn't focus so much on rote memorization(but expect some- it is biochem after all). He explains things well, tells great jokes, and always has candy to throw around. Tests are fair and the final was easy. Take biochem with him if you can!!
3.5 : Trevor is a pretty chill guy and he can talk on and on which can get dry since it was an early morning class. The class was based on Conservatism so the first part of learning old-english texts wasn't that great. As we progressed towards modern day conservatism, it became interesting! No tests or quizzes. Just 4 essays and a group presentation!
5.0 : Excellent professor. Relaxed discussion-based lecture. No exams, instead 3 unit papers and a final paper. political history, philosophical analyzation, and deep thought- professor's bias was apparent but not problematic. I hope to take him again, great prof!
3.5 : Great guy and personality! He will help as long as you show up and show you get the work! Make sure to do all the readings and understand all the papers that are given!  Great teacher! Would take him again :)
4.5 : His class and the material was interesting. He's very nice and will help clear up any confusion. He is a tough grader when concerning essays though. Besides that, everything else was good.
4.5 : Loved Trevor Griffey's class and would have taken more classes with him if I could have. His breadth of knowledge is expansive and the lectures were very interesting. I particularly liked learning about Conservative Thought and Movement because that's just me, but if you aren't into that subject, it can get confusing. He's very kind and helpful too
4.5 : really helpful and cares a lot about her students. I recommend her for smaller sized classes.
5.0 : Best Professor Ever? Ummm- YEAH!!!
4.5 : One of the few classes that i was actually excited to go to the lecture of every day! Tests are a little hard, but a large percentage of the overall grade is participation points, so they even each other out
5.0 : Best professor I've had at UW so far. Very passionate about what she's talking about, and makes all the lectures very interesting, never a dull moment. Would take her class again if I could. The lectures are long so bring a laptop, plus there's a lot of content, type fast. Lectures are all online. Tests can be hard, so just pay attention.
4.0 : Very lecture heavy class with a few labs in between to learn the subject in more detail. Nicole's lectures can be a bit heavy and fast, but it's super interesting things and she's very passionate about it all which makes it worth it. You don't have to go to lecture and it's all recorded on Panopto. Good gen ed class for non STEM majors.
5.0 : Energetic, interesting and worthwhile lectures. The class is content-heavy, but her lectures make them easy to understand and remember. Great course, great professor.
5.0 : Awesome professor! Class content is tough if you arent a science major but Nicole is super helpful and a fantastic lecturer. Makes a lot of fun jokes that get better the more you learn about the science behind them. Would gladly take more classes from her!!
1.5 : Lectures are long, boring and often unclear - monotone voice to boot.. Little to no class participation, no interaction between students and the prof in class. Does not explain concepts clearly, do not take a class from her unless you are good at science. Would not recommend. People often end up skipping because slides are online.
4.5 : Nicole was really great, she was also my TA for the class. She definitely has a passion for astronomy and is always willing to help or give feedback. Most of the class is based on memorization though, and I bought the textbook but ended up not opening it.
5.0 : Ed is a great teacher. For CLAS210 I just listened in lecture (if I even went)but I always went to QS with Ed because I knew he'd explain the book very well. I wasn't really interested in the course, but if I was, and taking a harder Classics course, I'd want Ed.  And let's just say I got a good grade without reading every assigned book.
5.0 : I love Ed. He's pretty easygoing and very helpful. He even stayed after class and waited for me to get back from my doctor's appointment so I could finish my test with him in the hallway. Taking Latin 103 with him now and it's just as easy, so long as you're willing to learn the vocabulary and pay attention.
5.0 : Jennifer is by far my favorite professor I have had at UWT. She is genuine and caring and not only is concerned with what her students learn, but of their well being too! She is a fair grader and is so passionate and knowledgeable about Film and political references. She made class something I didn't want to miss!
3.5 : Professor Myers is interesting, considering the content, but a bit all over the place. Class is supplemented by the catalyst online (a bit unorganized). Expectation of prior film terms and content, as well as familiarity with international cinema.
4.5 : This was a fun class to take. You meet twice a week with one day dedicated to watching a film. If you don't want to go to class she also has them available online. The days without watching the movie consist of a short quiz which are fairly easy if you understand the movie and vocabulary terms. She is very thorough in her lectures.
5.0 : Highly recommend Professor Myers' film class!
5.0 : Prof. Myers cares about her students. Making sure everyone learns through various examples and loads of extra credit options provided. Makes sure everyone is clear before moving on. Makes attendance optional and puts worksheets on catalyst as well as films. Its a class you can literally take with you anywhere. Does have a knack for favorites. :)
4.0 : So at first the work seems heavy but it isn't. She gives quizzes every week and I never aced one but still passed with a 3.9. Midterm may seem like a lot but it's actually fairly easy if you payed attention in class. No final just a 4 page paper and a minimum 25 shot breakdown. You don't need the book you can pass with out it. Overall she's good.
5.0 : TFILM272 is my best course I've taken on this campus. 10 weeks, 10 films. The other days are fun lectures that are actually intriguing. The assignments and exams are fair. If you didn't like filmsmovies in the past, this class will change your opinion.
5.0 : She's passionate about what she teaches which is what makes the lectures run so smoothly. Myers is willing to connect and help her students out as much as possible. She's caring and understanding to the situation. TFILM is discussion heavy, you're not required to speak or anything, but it'll help your test scores for you to engage. Paying attention is vital because whatever is mentioned in class ends up on her tests.
5.0 : Jennifer is such a sweet and understanding instructor. She brings good examples to class and her quizzes and tests are straight forward.
4.5 : Dr. Workman is one of my favorite Psych professors at UWT. He is funny and makes lots of jokes about his "old age" he makes every class enjoyable to go to. The tests are based off of the textbook so be prepared to read a bit. Attending class is not essential to passing, but he is enjoyable to listen to  so i recommend going to class.
4.5 : Beware of group projects andor debates. Great class, Dr. Workman is really funny and lectures are never dull. Would take again!
4.5 : Good teacher, very helpful. He likes to have discussion in class, it is very fun to take his class, because he is not dry at all. Easy class.
5.0 : Sam is absolutely the best. I would take any class she offers, she has a genuine concern with student needs, learning and development. Class assignments were reasonable and by putting time into class you can earn a good grade.
5.0 : Very helpful if you see her in office hours, especially when doing the portfolio. Really is interested in the subject. The workload is really easy, did all my papers the night before. The portfolio is easy to do well on, but she does expect you to put effort in and show you did. Just make sure to answer all the EWP outcomes and you'll be set.
5.0 : Sam truly cares about her students, is incredibly kind, and always offers outside help. I always received helpful feedback in well facilitated group conferences. The English class I took was linked with a Chemistry class and Sam was very open to student feedback so that she could  tailor assignments to help us study and learn about chemistry.
4.0 : You don't need to buy the textbook for this class to pass or get A's on the tests so don't waste your money. All the information you need is on the lecture slides (which I recommend you study from). Tests are extremely easy and so is the grading. Most of the content is easy and the hard stuff usually isn't on the tests. Memorization-level stuff.
5.0 : Counts as BIOL 408. Presentation was helpful to grade! Get it out of the way first! Easier grading (got perfect score with my group on that). 2-3 Exams, final not cumulative, but all exams are SA, MC, FIB, T/F mix, but pretty straight forward. Remember concepts. 10 paper quizzes were harder than exams! (prez was on those papers 1 per group).
4.0 : Professor Sisneros taught mostly through slides and his lectures were clear-cut and engrossing. His grading system was simple, and he cared if his students were doing well in the class. He was welcoming of questions and appreciated good work. However, the class was difficult and fast-paced, and involved some knowledge of physics and biology.
4.0 : I took this class during bterm in summer, wish I had taken it in fall bc it was too short! Prof. S really knows his stuff, some of the assignements cover his research papers. There was a group presentation, weekly quizzes (easy) and exams (we had 2). He has a good sense of humor and is open to questions/discussions. Also very down to earth!
5.0 : Fairly easy class, good lectures
5.0 : Very good at explaining things in detail but not to the point where it gets boring or difficult to understand. Extremely approachable. Able to apply mathematical concepts to things that real students like me can relate to, like the concept of infinity as applied to references to Spring Break.
5.0 : He's great. 308 is super boring but he managed to trick me into thinking it was interesting. Don't except to find a better TA. Very clear, very helpful.
5.0 : The best Maths teacher I've ever met! His instruction was crystal clear and he really made the somewhat confusing class materials easy to understand by writing reviews online. The textbook is not necessary because he explained everything in his own way but he would also tell us how others call things. Exams are easy once you attend every class.
5.0 : Pretty interesting class, not too hard but also very intriguing. Very enthusiastic teacher, but at the same time a little messy and disorganized.
5.0 : Easily the best math professor I've had at the UW (and I've had generally positive experiences with all my professors). The combination of excellent lectures and a clearly organized website filled with tutorialsconcept overviews made what should have probably been a difficult class a breeze.
5.0 : The best Prof. I've had so far in my college career. He knows exactly what he teaches and is super helpful when asked. Midterms, final are not easy but manageable. Go to class, do homework, ask question and get an A.
5.0 : Was an amazing teacher. He doesn't like the textbook used so he has a website for the class that explains all the material in his words that supplements the class. His lectures were very good and clear. I've heard many students struggle and hate the class with other teachers but I didn't run into any of this feelings when taking the class with him.
4.0 : He is very helpful and will go out of his way to meet with you and hosts conferences for the papers. He grades fairly harsh. He is more concerned with content analysis than grammar and structure.  i ended up receiving a higher grade than I thought I would and he let us revise paragraphs for an extra 5-10 point redemption. Great teacher!
4.0 : He set up the class that I took to focus more on content than grammar or style, and was a very easy grader. Again, I believe that the easiness in grading was only for this course. Overall, funny and helpful professor. (This is for an Early Fall Start).
5.0 : He's a good guy. Really respectful &amp; fun. Always active &amp; ready to here what each students has to say. Would return to him in a heartbeat!
3.0 : Very interesting teacher(a PhD student here so not really a professor) who has read lots of books and has great humor. However, he grades really harsh. "If you've done very good, I might give you a 3.5" - his original sentence. Don't take if you want a good GPA!
5.0 : Amazing teacher! I was shocked by how fun and interesting this class was. He is really passionate about his subject and really invests into his students; he opens extra office hours during essay writing periods and I recommend you go because they are really helpful. He is also very approachable. I had a 2 hour period but he made it awesome
5.0 : I'd take this class again
4.0 : Fun teacher. If you don't like swearing, then skip this class. He doesn't use a filter and treats the students like adults. Interesting reading and mostly class and small group discussion driven. Best part of the class was his personality and how he can take anything and relate it to family. ANYTHING!
5.0 : Mr. Baros is awesome. He's hilarious in class and alwasy saying all kinds of crazy things. He's also a really cool dude and a great, engaging teacher. I definitely reccomend!
5.0 : Catherine was an amazing instructor! Everything about her class was amazing! Although it is pretty easy to get a good grade in her class, you still have to work hard to get a good grade. I would take another class from her in a heartbeat.
5.0 : Catherine is a really good prof! She Is nice and helpful and really takes advice on :) Definitely attend the class to get the points! Reading involved but if you're busy you can skim read a lot and still have interesting discussions! This class was really interesting! I recommend it if you are at all interested in the education system.
4.5 : Noralis is such a sweet and amazing person. I LOVED this class. Wouldn't necessarily have called myself a feminist before the class, and now I am proud to call myself one. Very informative. Noralis is passionate and knows her stuff! Would highly recommend taking this class. Definitely want to take more in this department in the future.
4.5 : One of the nicest professors I've ever had! She clearly cares about her students' education and her class always has great discussions.
5.0 : LOVE JULIET! Her lectures are amazing and in detail. You must show up to pass, or at least look at the lecture slides but often students would ask some great questions and she would expand on the material to make the class understand it better. She is clear when speaking and very intelligent. I would definitely take a class from her again.
5.0 : Juliet is great! Her lectures were clear and interesting. She is open about what's on the tests, so you know exactly how to prepare/what to study. We went over several books/readings over the course of the quarter, but it was pretty standard for an ENGL class. Very kind, as well.
5.0 : Spectacular teacher.  Very friendly, approachable, extremely intelligent, and knowledgable.  She's one of the rare teachers that knows how to fill the time with lecture (that's not boring) without leaning on too much class discussion, yet she doesn't dominate if students want to get involved.  Fair grader, lots of feedback, cute Scottish accent.
5.0 : Professor Shields has been one of my favorite instructors so far at UW. The two hour lecture flies by on most days because she makes the most boring texts interesting with insight and visuals. Very friendly and helpful, would totally recommend to any student.
5.0 : Juliet Shields is as hot as her fiery red hair. I am absolutely in love with her. I've never tried harder to turn my quarter around because of a teacher. Professor Shields makes me want to do my homework. She is the reason I am an English major.
4.5 : Juliet is a great teacher, she helps you understand the difficult stuff in tough to read books. She is also funny. I will definitely be taking a class from her again. She doesn't give many tests, but be ready to read a lot.
3.5 : Great class if you love English and reading. We cover a lot of texts and there's a lot of reading so it might be more of a chore if you're not interested in the material.  2 midterms, 1 final, no quizzes. Quirky, kind, intelligent teacher but lectures can sometimes get longwinded.
5.0 : Very nice, funny, kind and helpful!
5.0 : had him for organic chemistry even though he's an inorganic chemist, but he still knows the material and teaches very clearly. he's super friendly and willing to help so just talk to him!
5.0 : She's great! Love the way she teaches and how she relates to the students and the student life. She keeps it relevant and she's just great!
5.0 : She is an awesome and fun teacher.  Expect multiple projects that may overlap though.  It can get a little challenging but she navigates the material very well.
5.0 : She's great. She has lots of connections and you'll learn a lot from her. She's always smiling and is willing to help.
5.0 : Excellent teacher! Very organized and helpful. The class itself was extremely beneficial. Emma provided detailed feedback on assignments and plenty of time to get work done. I plan on taking more classes with her in the future.
5.0 : Emma is by far one of my favorite professors at UWT. She's awesome. Her classes are interesting, she tells you exactly what she expects, and goes out of her way to help. She's also really funny and doesn't have a hard time getting on students level
5.0 : Emma is a great teacher that really cares about the subjects she teaches. She gives a lot of in class work time in order for each student to succeed regardless of skill level. I assumed web design to be something extremely difficult but she makes it so now I'm 100% comfortable putting web design experience on my resume.
4.0 : Emma is a good teacher. She has a lot of energy and enthusiasm. I would not take her again because she made me feel so tired with all her pep but I don't have any other complaints.
5.0 : EMMA IS THE BEST. One of the best classes I've taken. She's an amazing teacher, funny, smart, nice and helpful. The class is basically one group project, BUT the way she sets up the class and groups made it totally painless. Every group got along and everyone had a blast. Assignments were papers and presentations. No textbook. Such a fun class!!
5.0 : As long as you do the work and show up to class, you will understand what is going on. Group projects are a usual and she picks teams which is nice cause she divides between strengths of group members
5.0 : Justin is my absolute favorite teacher ever. I take all his classes, no matter the subject, because I am not just taught in his classes, I learn. This is what college should be about. He lets kid's interest lead the classes. There was only one paper and blog posts for this class and he walks you through papers. I could not recommend him more.
5.0 : If you want to learn, take this class. His passion for the subject matter drives the class &amp; makes it so easy to understand concepts. He loves talking to his students &amp; is genuinely so interested in your life and in how you feel about the subject matter. My favorite professor that I've ever had. If you're not interested in the subject, you will be.
5.0 : Rachel was honestly one of the best teachers I have had yet. She is clearly a very intelligent person, but on top of that she is also extremely patient and engaging. I didn't feel tired at all of the class and I was very motivated all throughout the quarter. She's a really great teacher!
4.0 : The lecture was easy to understand. His class time was fast because the lecture  was so interested and never got bored. He wasn't very clear about the project since it was his 1st time teaching this course. He was very helpful and not very hard grader. After all, his class was amazing. I like it a lot.
4.5 : Good professor, senior software engineer at Microsoft. Clear and humor, and not hard on your grade. However since it' a seminar class, it contains a broad area of topics but doesn't have deep detail implementations.
5.0 : This guy knows how to teach! His lectures are engaging, knowledgeable, and interesting. Explains concepts with ease. Extremely thorough. Challenges you to think in class.   Builds on topics. Has the best teaching style I have ever encountered.
4.5 : Amazing teacher. Makes you easily understand the difficult concepts by giving real life examples. Inspires you to learn. He gives a lot of work to do but realistic in his expectations. Covered the theory as well as the practical aspects of the subjects. Prepares you for the industry.
5.0 : Dr. Citrin is AWESOME. He is young and his work is relevant. This class has some great reading and it challaneges people to be open to new ideas. He has students to a lot of leading the class and it's just a basic, discuss the reading; you have to make a handout and really lead the class. The reading is also very dense as it should be for a 400clas
5.0 : This guy is a TA. He made the class worth while and he knows what he's talking about. He worked at NASA and is really excited about the work he does now. He doesn't give the answers to the worksheets but he's not a stickler either,very fair.
5.0 : In my time so far at UW I haven't had another instructor who was as good as Rocne. I highly recommend signing up for any class that he is teaching! With his help I think I will be able to get into the highly competitive CSE major. Thanks so much Rocne!
5.0 : I had him for CSE 143, he was always enthusiastic during section andstayed after a bunch of times to talk to students. Overall a good TA
5.0 : Sweet TA, taught me what I needed and made section pretty sweet to attend. Responded to emails pretty fast and met me before class once to help me so I think he wanted us to do well
5.0 : So far so good! Fun TA!
5.0 : best of the best!
5.0 : Really fun TA that makes lots of jokes
5.0 : He has really great handwriting!
5.0 : Rocne is the guardian of all that can be referred to as CS knowledge. He is all that is good in the world, and his beating heart assures me that all is well.
5.0 : rocne rocks!`11!!
5.0 : Rocne is not only the best CSE instructor I have ever had, he is also a complete nailor! Thanks for the help Rocne baby! He's also an excellent rapper. Ask him to freestyle!
5.0 : Rocne and Jack run the CSE 142 game. They are referred to as THE Duo.
5.0 : holy cow hes so good! for loops and if statements and object!
5.0 : Rocne is the bomb
5.0 : Only professor with the name Rocne? What? Cool. Solid TA, helped me a lot, made section pretty fun, especially the first one!
5.0 : I heard Rocne is the best CSE TA at UW- I concur that this is the truth.
5.0 : I LOVE ROCNE!!! I just want to know you better...
5.0 : Rocne made awesome examples and the first day of class was the best!
5.0 : HE GAVE ME A 4.0!!! Maybe he didn't choose my grade but I got a 4.0 as him with my TA!!! Thanks Rocne :)
5.0 : Rocne was super cute and awkward and so funny. He also is very smart and knowledgeable about the class and is willing to help anybody.
5.0 : His class is very funny even though he goes over much more material than other professors. He really wants to help. Amazing class!
5.0 : Connor is funny!
5.0 : As long as you attend the lecture, you will pass.
5.0 : Connor is nice. Sometimes his tests may be graded in a tough way, but we are university students now! Come to his class, his review section, and you will pass.
5.0 : His review sections are really helpful to your midterms and final, be sure to come!
1.0 : Connor is one of the instructors who treat students as if they're taking his class alone, in order to get a good grade, you need to attend lectures, go to office hours, go to review sessions, and spend lot of time doing his proof homework. Too much for a 3-credit course, that's what Connor doesn't realize!
1.0 : Connor was the most unclear TA i have ever had at UW. Instead of teaching students how to do problems, he would PURPOSELY make mistakes in quiz sections, and after everyone had learned THE WRONG WAY, he would scold us for not catching it earlier. horrible teacher, not helpful at all, made students feel embarrassed for not understanding. DO NOT TAKE
1.0 : I don't know how the rest of these people decided he was a good professor. Let's start with his final, 27% of it is proofs. His tests are so conceptually difficult and he doesn't teach it. Multiple times, he just casually mentioned how many students couldn't do some of his problems, and has only made tests harder. Way too hard for a 3 credit class.
5.0 : UW's system is based on getting a good grade and GPA, I'm sure myself and many others value having the knowledge that we didn't have coming in to this class. Yes, his tests are a bit difficult, proof homework is annoying, and he is very conceptual, but that shouldn't be a judge of how good a teacher is. Connor is a very thorough teacher.
4.0 : As long as you show up to class and pay attention (DO NOT ZONE OUT), you will pass. Connor covers all of the test material in class and his tests are very doable. Review sessions are pretty helpful and proof homework is really good practice for tests.
5.0 : Connor is an excellent lecturer and his exams are reasonable. There are proofs on the second midterm and final but a VAST MAJORITY of the points on exams are from mechanical problems that are just like examples he did in class but with different numbers. And the few proof questions are also very similar to proofs from lecture. Go to class and pass.
5.0 : Connor was easily one of the best math professors I've had, and even though he gave a tough final and expects you to work hard he gives plenty of opportunities to succeed and grades very fairly.
5.0 : Connor is  an excellent math teacher. His class is hard as he is one the theory leaning 308 teachers. His lectures are easy to get lost in theorems as a result if you do not constantly pay attention. However, his review sections and office hours make up for it and then some.  Go to his review sections! They help a lot!
1.0 : He talks and writes extremely fast. He jumps between topics so if you don't understand one thing you'll fall behind. Doesn't go over many examples, all theory. Wouldn't recommend taking 308 with him at all.
2.0 : Classes are fast paced, nonstop lectures; all his material is just theory; he places a heavy emphasis on proofs, which no other math 308 teacher uses; and covers several sections of material that are not in the textbook. Very smart guy, but makes this class 10x harder. Take MATH 308 from a different professor.
1.0 : Has unfair grading criteria that doesn't follow the rest of the math department grading policy. Gives extra credit proofs but marks them wrong even when other math instructors say they are right.
4.0 : Connor is nice, inspiring and funny! Exams are hard, so you need to put in decent amount of time and effort. But you also get to learn A LOT for class. Proof HW is important, but extra credit on proof is a bit unfair. 1) One can easily seek outside source for help. 2) No partial points given even though you spent literally 2+ days per question...
5.0 : If you're interested in actually learning the material, take 308 with Connor. If you're just taking it for a requirement and grade, pick another teacher. The class is incredibly difficult (PROOFS) It's more work for a 3 credit class than most 5 credit classes. But Connor knows the material incredibly well. If you put in all the effort, it's doable.
2.0 : I have never in my life had to put up with such a gloriously incompetent person in my entire time at the University of Washington. The entire class was based on proofs, and the foundations for these proofs were just not taught. He is an absolutely horrible teacher, and should not be allowed to teach undergrads. Period.
1.0 : WHAT I NEEDED TO KNOW BEFORE TAKING THIS CLASS:  Don't let his rate misleads you!   This class is defiantly my worst college experience; we did a lot of proofs in this class and we had to do more on the 2nd mid and the final.  This class has two bounus problems, but even chegg can't help you with them!  NOTE: he repeats his proof HW.
1.0 : Homework is long, and includes obscure materials which are not covered in class or the textbook. Tests are graded harshly, and are 85% of your grade. The workload is doable, but intense, and his explanations are usually terrible. Be prepared for frustration, and long nights spent trying to decipher the horribly written text. I DO NOT recommend.
5.0 : Best teacher ever. Thanks.
5.0 : Love the lecture.
5.0 : easy, clear and best ever!
5.0 : No need for textbook, all you have to do is to listen to the class carefully. The tests are easy, he is a lovely instructor.
5.0 : Connor is a nice instructor, for he made less mistakes than other instructors, and he was efficient in grading.  His lectures were interesting, amazing lectures ever.
5.0 : Amazing lecture. Tests are easy,  grading systems are clear.  Nice instructor!
5.0 : Connor is the best math teacher I've ever had. His lectures were clear, he was very approachable, he actually cared about us learning the material and was always willing to help students out. I highly recommend him for any math class
5.0 : Connor is very helpful. He spends a ridiculous amount of time on campus just to help students, he gives tips to help you solve the problem. This math class is fairly easy, and I struggle with math. He's awesome.
5.0 : Good class. I'm not sure what others meant by no enough practice questions. There was a midterm review extra class section... You shouldn't expect to do well if you don't want to do the work.
5.0 : Most dedicated math teacher I've ever had in my life.  He made review sheets for every lecture, overall review sheets for tests, came to class earlier every day to take questions. His lectures are clear and informative and are mostly composed of examples.
5.0 : I've been fortunate enough to have him for math308 class, and I absolutely love him! He makes learning fun, has a great sense of humor, and grades fairly. Definitely recommend his class to anyone and everyone!
5.0 : I used to hate Math, but after taking Connor's class, all of my worries were gone. While other professors try to fail you so they can laugh, Connor tries to help you understand math. His midterms are very reasonable and doable if you study. May be he is the best math TA that I have ever met in UW, love him very much.
5.0 : Connor is the BEST math Ta at UW, ever! His lectures are great to sit through. He explains everything in a timely, yet clear manner. He is also a fair grader, and offers lots of help. It was a pleasure to take his class, and I hope I get the opportunity to be his student again.
5.0 : Connor is a nice instructor, he made algebra a lot more interesting. His explanation is always to the point and I'm never confused in his classes. He also is very willingly available for his students during his office hours before and after the class. You don't even really need the textbook. I am looking forward to be student in his class again.
5.0 : Excellent lectures! He loves math so much, explains every details clearly in his class, and I never get confused in his class. He is also a fair grader. Besides, I love his voice and I am looking forward to take his class again!
5.0 : Connor gives me a really impressive math classes in this quarter.  I can hardly know someone who really loves math like I do, but Connor is the one. He tries to make lectures clear and he adds some extra sections to do review before midterms. He wants everyone to pass. A really nice instructor, you will love him like I do!
5.0 : Really nice and caring Ta that will do everything he can do help you to make sure you do well. Super understanding and not intimidating, he made math enjoyable.
5.0 : Connor is great. The material was really easy to follow after lectures. He tries his hardest to provide materials for students. He even continued the classes through final week to help students solve problems. Take his class if you can!
5.0 : Amazing lectures ever!
5.0 : Literally the best math TA I have ever had. Fairly easy if you do all the homework and do a bunch of practice tests. If I got a 4.0, you can too.
5.0 : He's only a TA but he was hands down the best I've had. He was very relaxed in grading, but was also enthusiastic about teaching chem. Very approachable, very willing to help, and although he can be pretty intense during labs, everyone ended up finishing even the longest labs early. So good I put in the effort to add him to this site's directory.
5.0 : I think this is the most difficult and also the most useful classes I've taken at UW. It's hard because he covers A LOT of material in lecture and the problem sets require A LOT of time, but this also means you learn A LOT.
5.0 : probly the best of the msim profs, no so easy a grader but learn more important knowledge then in other classes at uw
5.0 : I sincerely enjoyed taking this course.  I believe the methods will be very useful for future endeavors.
5.0 : The course was two teachers but Professor Blumenstock's lectures were best
5.0 : Now that I'm graduated I am ranking all the classes. I'm dong this first because it was teh best class hands down that i took in the last two yeras. The other data science courses were awesome too, but this is the one where I learnt the most. Its also the hardest class hands down, and the most work too. TAKE IT, and take it with Blumenstock!
5.0 : Really cool class. Had to work really hard to get good grades because the assignments are hard and the prof is kinda tough; but at least the grades are fair and you know what you need to do. But the content is really cool and interesting, a lot of stuff I didn't know about but actually I now understand pretty well! Prof gets an A from me :)
4.5 : Professor Joshua is very enthusiasm about the data science and machine learning, and explanations are easy to understand even as he talks very fast.  As MSIM student this is most useful class, just I wish Professor would teach more courses on this topics.
5.0 : Tyler is the most helpful profesor I've ever had. He really tries to engage his students and set them up for success. He has great handouts so study those and key terms! Reading the textbook helps you understand lectures a lot easier too.
5.0 : His classes are exceptionally helpful. I don't think I would have passed this class without his guidance. One of the best TAs in the program.
5.0 : Jeff goes hard in the paint and always scores. He is a baller who doesn't with he was a little bit taller. He is one of the best TA's in the program and if you're lucky enough to get him you should wreck this class. Never forget to do your power poses.
5.0 : Best TA ever. Hilarious and wildly entertaining. She really knows how to make lab interesting.
5.0 : Very helpful in designing independent research projects. Encourages positivity and always available for questions and help.
3.0 : In terms of lecture he is pretty average, it can be hard to hear him at times and sometimes he just reads off the slides. Other times he will mention things not on the slide (usually from the textbook), be careful because he will test you on that. I think his test are fair but can be tricky when it comes to things like fill the blank.
5.0 : Because this is a field-based class, participation is absolutely essential to getting a good grade but is well worth it. The class is fun and interactive, John is very passionate about what he teaches and accompanies students on class over-nighters. Puts a lot of character and charisma into his lectures, which helps in memorizing material for exams
3.0 : My first class ever taught by a robot! Super exciting!
5.0 : I am not convinced that this TA was not spawned by the CS gods. He claims to be human, but so did Hercules. While Hercules has strength, Jake has CS glory. Where does Jake fall short? Nowhere. Not a single place. Praise be unto him.
4.5 : good
4.5 : Very nice teacher. The classes are pretty boring and you always get into little group discussions every single class, but otherwise an easy A.
5.0 : One of the kindest teachers on campus! Lectures are thought provoking and discussions make up a large portion of class. She is very approachable and knows her subjects really well. Take her as many times as possible!
4.0 : Dr. Gordon is a really nice teacher. She knows a lot about what she's teaching and is willing to help everyone and make sure they do well. Her class is all powerpoint based so it can get pretty boring at times, but she makes sure to have class activities with your peers so that can help make things interesting. There are only like 5 assignments
5.0 : Matt is like the Socrates of the aging field. His course really forced you to think critically and to constantly be skeptical of many of the claims that researchers in the field of aging. His class is so fun that I participated in it twice. Overall, Path 517 was my favorite class I've ever taken at UW.
4.5 : You can tell Jason is passionate about what he teaches. He would work humor into some of his lectures, and he is very helpful during office hours. Also, very good about responding to emails. Easy course overall..only downfall is that it's a clicker class, and the questions are based on the readings. Midterms and finals were easy though.
5.0 : He is so nice and helpful, and very dad-ish. Basically, he's funny and nice and very easy and has corny humor. He's just so mild tempered and very friendly. Accepts homework late and is pretty lenient but the exams are harder! He tries to make the class interesting- We play games and listen/watch news reports. Would definitely recommend him!
3.0 : Michael is the most arbitrary grader I have had. On part of the midterm I got part of the problem wrong, I had 75% of the points taken off. Another classmate who did that same part among others wrong, only got 50% off of the question. His arbitrary grading will make it hard to pass the class above the curve. He also has very condescending letures.
5.0 : This guy is brilliant. I don't think I need to say much more about it. Take the class.
5.0 : Professor Wagner has a brilliant understanding of his material and is always open to questions. His lectures are clear and easy to follow. His grading is pretty lenient and flexible, as long as you show that you understand the concepts. Plus, the material is very applicable. I would say one of the best and most useful classes at the business school
5.0 : Fair grader. Relatively difficult case study due every week for homework. Lots of material is covered in lecture using Excel as you go so if you skip class you miss out on a lot. Really good lecturer, very intelligent. Tests are open book, note and computer. One group project.
5.0 : This class was pretty difficult. The group project requires a lot of effort than you would anticipate. He grades the midterm and final insanely difficult. The averages were around 70%. It's easy to make mistakes and little mistakes are costly on the exams, so do all the practice problems from the book.
4.0 : Nick is great professor and solid human being. He invests in his students. He is intelligent and thoughtful and lectures in a way that includes his students in the conversation. The class covers very relevant readings and his lectures are engaging. I love this guy!
4.5 : This was his 1st time for 207 and hes still adjusting, but overall he's a great teacher. He's really passionate about the material and even though its pretty heady, he's good at breaking it down. The class has two large papers and three smaller book summaries, grading is straightforward and not at all hard to get a 3.3+, but impossible to 4.0
5.0 : One of the best professors at UW. Clearly cares about his students and always willing to help, I have never had a professor as helpful as him and cannot recommend highly enough. In class he provides clear expectations and helps to stimulate excellent discussion.
5.0 : Ashley puts the prettyfrickinghot in Computer Sciprettyfrickinghotence.
5.0 : She is a great TA. I was in her class and she was very considerate and helpful. Enjoyed her class!
4.5 : She is a good TA. Very responsible and helpful. I went to her office hours every week and she has been helpful in homework.
1.0 : There were multiple occasions where he was extremely late, or wouldn't show up for class. Whenever he did teach, it wasn't anything practical nor was it well executed.
5.0 : Jason said  he was bad at following a syllabus and ummmm lol yeah but we had interesting projects to do that focused on different parts of a designers job. This was the first class I took where it felt like I learned about what it means to be a designer.
5.0 : Jason is a great instructor. He has a wealth of knowledge to offer and his classes feel more like you're getting to chill while learning from an industry insider. He offers extremely helpful critiques of your work and cares about the progression of his students' skills and knowledge. Looking forward to taking his classes in the future.
5.0 : Great class!
5.0 : Jason was the most relevant professor I had this year. He was extremely flexible with my work schedule and accepted late work until the very end of the quarter.
5.0 : Jason has vast knowledge about design and always allowed me to redo work. I feel like his expectations for undergraduates can sometimes be too high and the critiques can be harsh but they're constructive.
5.0 : I did my senior research project in Jason's lab and he was my favorite prof at UWB. I don't think there's anywhere else on campus where you can work on projects with people from so many different majors.
5.0 : My favorite prof at UWB and the reason I decided to be an interactive media design major.
5.0 : Really good instructor. Quite a bit of writing; be prepared to complete a lot of essays. Very helpful and approachable, showed genuine interest in me and my writing during conferences. The actual class was a bit boring, but working with classmates helped make it more tolerable. Would recommend for getting the composition requirement done.
4.0 : Well at first the class may seem easy, since she gives ridiculously easy homework to do, but as the quarter does on, be ready to use what you learned in the final paper. Overall, the  class was ok, some times boring, but  she really does want to you to understand the material. Would take it again
2.0 : He is not very helpful
5.0 : Hey Derek! Thanks for the great class! Such a good TA, always helpful! He grades harshly, but he says he follows a rigid rubric so I forgive him for that:) Awesome TA, I felt like I learned a lot!
5.0 : Derek was an awesome TA. Super down to earth. Would take this class again. He has a really cute laugh too :)
5.0 : Such a sweet guy. Goes above and beyond to make sure his students understand the material  (:
5.0 : She is always kind. Taking care of the students.
5.0 : Bonnie is a very approachable and accessible teacher. Her class is divided into lecture and discussion. The class is well organized and understandable. Many readings are scanned articles so no textbook. Participation is important, so speak your mind. If you have interest in the topic, then the class will be fun. Very kind and helpful.
5.0 : Easiest 4.0. You have to read because she gives pop quizzes I took this class in the summer. The grades are based on participation mostly, if you show you paid attention and you come to class a 4.0 is manageable. She's a really awesome person also if you get to know her she is very understanding and helpful. Would take again
4.5 : Foad is very clear and easy to understand. He explains tough concepts very well and publishes lecture notes. Grades are based on 2 tests and 6 short homework assignments. The homework can be challenging, but the tests are very straightforward. Sometimes, he would go a little slow, but overall I would highly recommend Foad for OPMGT 301.
5.0 : Foad is great! He creates step by step guides for solving problems that make the concepts easy to understand. His homework can be somewhat challenging, but helps to gauge which concepts you understand and which you don't. His lecture slides are great, so if you miss a class don't sweat it, but go to class- the way he explains things is excellent.
5.0 : Foad explains the complex concepts in a very clear, detailed, step-by-step approach. He distributes lecture notes, so notebooks are not needed. Lectures are VERY organised. He doesn't give too much, but enough worksheet for practice. Tests are very straightforward - easy if you pay full attention. He welcomes questions and treats you very kindly.
5.0 : Great professor who really cares about your education and rewards hard work.
5.0 : He is the best professor I have ever met. His lecture is very organized and clear. He also demonstrated class materials along with the real world examples for a better picture. I find everything I've learnt from this class very useful to my future working skills. He also grades fairly and tries to help students as much as possible. He's amazing!
5.0 : The class was well organized and creative. Howard was very clear, helpful, and supportive of everyone's work. He gave students just the right amount of time to prepare for big projectsshoots and he made the material VERY interesting. The structure of the class was very good. The class was very fun, explorative, and intellectual!
5.0 : Really clear instruction. Not too hard and made class very enjoyable.
4.0 : Professor Hsu is very clear and has a lot of interest and experience in the subject (photography).  Lots of time is given for each project, and therefore a lot of creativity and thought is expected to go into each assignment.  On the midterm, the only test given, do not underestimate the material he expects you to know!
5.0 : Won't give you 100% on ANYTHING.  That's ok though, Howard was great at explaining both the technical side of photography, as well as being clear with the art history half of the class.  Made sure that everyone was on the same page before he moved on.  Really chill guy, if you like bikes, he'll like you a lot more.
4.5 : Howard was a very good teacher. He explained things really well and helped students whenever needed. He gives a couple extra credit opportunities throughout the quarter which are definitely helpful! Super approachable and an overall chill guy.
5.0 : Howard was a pretty cool guy, I had to miss a lecture due to an orthodontist appointment and emailed him a few days in advance and he didn't lower my participation!
4.0 : Overall a solid pick if you need VLPA credit, a cool and laid-back guy with actual photography experience. Helpful if you go to him with questions, but isn't necessarily one to seek YOU out if you're struggling.
3.0 : He is pretty dry. You might want to fall asleep during his lectures. He also assigns a lot of stuff at once, you might have a break for about 2 weeks but then he will drop a lot on you.
4.0 : I would suggest as a professor, this guy is fair and organized, which can be hard to find in professors.
4.0 : Dr. Pittman is one of the best lecturers at the UW. For an 8:30 AM class on history, she made it interesting. Sometimes disorganized, but she's a first-year professor. She goes at a reasonable pace, makes sure you learn everything, and adapts the class to your needs. She's "strict" but not really.
4.5 : Professor Pittman is an excellent speaker and she's very inspiring. There is a lot of reading and she takes attendance, but her lectures are very interesting and she's very approachable if you need help. I'd recommend her class!
5.0 : Loved this course! Great lecturer! Learned so many new facets of African American history that high school does not cover. She genuinely cares about the students' learning and is fair in her grading.  She frequently asks the class what she can do to improve the course, of which I personally saw her implement a few suggestions.
5.0 : I loved her passion for the topic. Her willingness to explain in deeper context was helpful to me as an older returning student. Because of this professor and class I chose American Ethnic Studies as my major. I'm looking forward to taking more of her classes.
4.0 : Professor Pittman did a great job teaching the material.
5.0 : This class was one of the best classes I took at UW. Prof. Pittman is such an enthusiastic, accommodating, and easy going professor. She is incredibly knowledgable and ALWAYS willing to help. Some readings were harder, but she always clarified everything in class. If you show up and pay attention, you'll ace the tests and class. Highly recommend!
5.0 : One of the best classes I have taken at UW! The teacher is really supportive and genuinely wants her students to succeed in her class. Her class was pretty early, but the material and her teaching style made you want to come to class. The workload was doable  and she helps you a lot to prepare for her exams.
5.0 : A great class! Professor is very knowledgable and makes class interesting by mixing different books, articles, media and activities. Really helpful and approachable professor if you ever have any questions or comments! She pushes you to think about new things but does it in a very clear and fun way. I highly recommend taking one of her classes!
5.0 : She is such a supportive teacher. I have taken 3 classes with her and I have enjoyed every single one. If you are there and do your work, there is NO way you will not be EXTREMELY successful in her class. I haven't received anything lower than a 3.6 in any of her classes. Seriously my favorite professor on campus!
4.0 : Prof. Pittman is such an enthusiastic, hilarious, helpful professor. She is knowledgable with resources and is always there for you whenever you need help. Be prepared to read but she clarifies and explains in class. Go to the office hour if you need help and she WILL help you.
4.0 : you can tell she doesn't want to be there.   she has to teach about slavery to students who will never take another afram class again.   totally awful 835am tardiness rule. if you arrive after 835am, you must wait outside until the hour break. i thought we were paying you to be there?
1.5 : Took this class for an easy 4.0. Professor reads directly off of slides and has provided confusing and incorrect information. The grading is ridiculous for such an "easy" class. If you can take an AFRAM class from any other teacher, I'd recommend it.
5.0 : This class was by far the best class I have taken at UW. Dr. Pittman has a radiant personality, is extremely passionate about her work, and engages deeply with students and the material she teaches. She made the classroom feel like home and taught me information that I will carry with me (and attempt to share with others) for the rest of my life.
5.0 : She is the best professor at UW. She was extremely organized as all work is listed on canvas. If you received a bad grade you most likely never showed up to lecture or didn't follow her basic instructions. Very thought provoking class! She makes her classroom feel like home
4.0 : Prof. Pittman is a real gem: incredibly intelligent, funny, and deeply knowledgeable and enthusiastic in her field. Lectures are varied and interesting with a balance of discussion and slides. She is completely there for her students and has adjusted assignments and tests to make class more manageable. The class was very intellectually stimulating.
4.0 : such a passionate teacher. because its a higher level class, it demands you to work for a good grade. but if you're willing to put in the work, this teacher will make sure you are treated fairly and have some fun learning about such serious issues.
4.0 : Kaibao is an awesome professor! If he's teaching a class that I need in the future, I will definitely take it
5.0 : One of the best EE professors at UWB.  After taking a course with him, you will have a good understanding of course material and your grade will reflect that.  All the assignments are quite reasonable, and the grade you receive for them are beyond reasonable.  Will take him again for sure for any class, EE or not.
4.5 : Excellent professor! Take him if you have the chance. Lectures are good, and he is always very willing to help you if you are confused. Tests are similar to the homework, but there is always one tricky problem on there that you have to think harder about.
4.0 : Kaibao is an awesome professor who really cares about the subjects he teaches and the success of his students.  That being said, I personally found it difficult to sit through lectures.  He has an accent and speaking tempo that tends to lull people to sleep.  Some might learn the material better outside of class, but Kaibao is a great resource!
5.0 : Professor Nie genuinely cares about his students. He always took the time to explain things to me that I was struggling with. His lecture style is clear and he provides all the notes online so you can focus on paying attention. His material is tough though so study hard and stay on top of it!
4.5 : I loved this class! Jesse is so knowledgeable and really seems to care about his students. The reading load was reasonable and I found the readings fascinating. He picked my papers apart, but was actually a pretty generous grader. Do the reading and take part in the discussions, and you'll do fine.
5.0 : He is a nice, easy going person, and he me a lot of Ross from friends. You have to do the readings to enjoy the class, pass the essays, and pass quizes, but the readings were interesting. I recommend him.
5.0 : Jesse is a great lecturer. I took his 310 class and was very happy with the content and presentation. He is a passionate teacher and a very nice person. He gives lots of positive feedback to encourage risk-taking, but he will also provide constructIve criticism. He will be more than willing to give extra help to see you meet your full potential.
5.0 : Besides the fact he's basically Ryan Reynolds' twin, Jesse is extremely intelligent and a really nice guy. He was engaging in class and always picked fantastic reads and prepared great discussion questions. I would definitely recommend him!
5.0 : Joakim was my TA and he was crystal clear with his teachings. He taught better than the prof and class time was used constructively. He was always quick and detailed in answering questions and really made an effort to try and help you when you asked for help. Also, when you didn't know an answer in class, he wouldn't make you embarrassed about it.
5.0 : One of the most approachable and nicest professors I've ever had. Very knowledgeable about statistical computing and always willing to help. Would definitely take one of his classes again!
1.0 : Seems like a nice enough guy, but mutters and stutters through lectures. If it's important to you to have a clear lecturer, do yourself a favor and take the class with someone else.
4.0 : People always treat their STAT lecturers harsh, but higher level courses are hard and you need to spend some time study by yourself to understand the course material. Serge is a nice professor who always willing to help. He uses Excel and R in class, which are good strategies for people who need more STAT education in the future:)
4.0 : Higher level courses are hard and you need to spend some time study by yourself to understand the course material. Serge is a nice professor and willing to help. He uses Excel and R in class, which are good strategies for people who need more STAT education in the future. Read book, do HWs and ask questions, you'd be fine:)
4.5 : Very helpful if you need anything explained further. Also provides other resources for learning the material on his website which is very useful. Demonstrates problems using R and Excel. Not always the clearest spoken, but he makes sure a majority of the class is understanding each step before moving on.
5.0 : Hard course, but really nice professor
4.0 : Tricky class if you have no prior exposure to stats. Go to lecture and ask questions. Sometimes the lectures are not super clear, but they tend to improve as the quarter goes on. Prof Sverdlov is a really nice guy too.
2.0 : Serge is nice enough, however class was confusing and hard to follow.  The book was clear enough at least.
4.5 : Nice guy and I enjoyed the class. Excellent at getting back to you by email and helping on hw. Yes Serge, I am with you
5.0 : Never had a teacher like him who's not trying to fail you (50% for a 2.0). I have never had a teacher communicate via email like him. Class lectures were mainly going over hw problems. You have to study very hard on your own/with groups, so be prepared since it's A-term. You do have to study very hard though and the hw can be hard. chill teacher
4.5 : Really helpful and nice person. I recommend that if you want to learn something more applicable in stat rather than theoretical math, you should go to his class as his teaching is tending to more "stat" but less math. Probability is always fascinating.
5.0 : Boss
5.0 : nice teacher would take another class
5.0 : She is super cute and her energy really shows in lectures.
5.0 : Zorah is a really great lecturer. She really knows how to keep you engaged and actually learning the material you need to know. I look forward to going to lecture.
4.0 : She was great at explaining concepts and an overall pleasant person. But when asking for help, I felt she was a bit distant and snobbish. Other than that though, the class was generally pretty fun and assignments were cool.
3.5 : Tough class,  if you have no coding experience. Be ready to sweat, lectures make it seem like the concept is easy to grasp then once you get the homework its like you got smacked with a sludge hammer. Home work is tough, midterms/finals will make you cry. Grades are curved though the class has many who have coding experience so don't expect mercy!
5.0 : Take it. She is funny, caring, and  is always there to help.
5.0 : Attend lectures. They are very helpful. Homeworks are easy to understand. Tests are relatively easy. She is helpful and entertains questions in class as well as during office hours. You will have fun.
5.0 : Zorah is a great lecturer. She does a good job of explaining concepts and will stop to check for questions. Lectures are very enjoyable with her jokes and pictures of dogs and cats (: Super up-beat attitude that will keep you engaged.
5.0 : I was initially scared at taking 142 without prior programming experience, but Zorah's class is very structured, &amp; I've done well in it. I enjoy her cat/dog pictures. She seems to understand our generation more, because she's younger. She's very enthusiastic &amp; wants every student to succeed, whether they're a Direct Admit or not even a CS major.
5.0 : Prof. Zorah is really bubbly and nice! Her lectures were easy to understand and fun. She always included cute pictures of animals in her lectures as "mental breaks". She is also very understanding and generous on the grades for the midterm and final. Great professor!
3.0 : Zorah is a great lecturer but the level of difficulty of this class is just not for beginners... I don't have any experience in CS, and although this class is for beginners, it was one of the hardest I have taken. Don't take it for credit if you are not a CS major. Other than that material was interesting, but exams are really tough.
5.0 : Amazing professor - Zorah explains concepts really well, she's friendly and approachable. Super hard though - came in with no experience and the material was too hard to grasp quick enough for the homework/exams. Not for beginners. You'll succeed if you know the basics of java before coming in.
5.0 : Zorah is a wonderful professor! She explains everything incredibly well, and really does make CS fun! She is a tough grader, and her exams are quite tough at times in the way that they are not very straight forward. At first glance the programming problems seem easy, however,  they are much more complicated in reality (Final).
4.5 : Zorah is a great teacher with a cute personality. She knows her stuff. Sometimes I wouldn't go to lecture though because I already knew the material and she'd spend half the time reviewing the last lecture, which is good if you are new to the material. The homework will make or break you. The tests are reasonable.
5.0 : Zorah is a fantastic teacher. She has sympathy for those who have never had coding experience and will reach out to you if you ask for help. She also understands our generation of kids have pretty limited attention spans, so will make sure to keep lecture interesting. CS 142 was a blast with her. If you do lots of practice it, you'll be fine.
3.0 : Though the class is an intro to java course, it's hard to get a high grade if you have no experience. The assignments are difficult to score high on, unless you've practiced a lot of internal neatness.  The midterm and final were so hard, Zorah ended up giving us +5 for the midterm and a higher overall course grade so not as many people would fail.
4.0 : Very engaging lecturer, but isn't always able to stay on schedule.  If lecture falls behind a day, homework and discussion section continues on at the regular schedule anyway.  Homework and exams are actually fun. You don't actually need the textbook; I did the whole class with just Oracle's online Java documentation, never needed the text.
5.0 : Have not had her but just want to say she looks really really cute!! Wish I had her :P
5.0 : Zorah is a great lecturer. The CSE intro classes are difficult, but if you put in the work, you will get a good grade. Zorah provides all of the necessary resources for her students to be successful, and truly wants them to do well. I'd never programmed before taking 142, and I did fine.  Now I'm taking 143 with Zorah and loving it.
5.0 : I took 142 with her and it was fun. She was really cool. Definitely prefer Zorah over Stuart. He only cared about the DA's or it seemed that way whereas Zorah was always encouraging everyone :) Do a lot of practice it problems and the TA sessions help.
5.0 : She is amazing. Best ever!
1.0 : Her mind is not clear as a teacher and her logic is quite massy. If you don't have expercience brfore about CSE you will be fail.
5.0 : Great lecturer and person. Always very happy and seems to love teaching and always has great answers to questions. Course content can be difficult at times but she is able to explain stuff very well.
5.0 : Yes!!
4.0 : I had Zorah for 142 and 143. 142 she was super amazing and 100% prepared for every question. This was her first quarter teaching 143 so ofc she was less prepared for every question that came up but still did a great job teaching concepts and generating analogies.  Really relatable and really inspirational as an intelligent woman in stem.
4.0 : Zorah's a great lecturer for CS142 and 143! Watch Panapto recordings instead on your time at your own pace (you can go back, re-watch stuff, etc...). Assignments and tests are great for learning, but insanely difficult, expect a low grade. However as an elective to learn the tools of programming, if you are an engineering student, unbeatable!
2.0 : Zorah is a wifey and enthusiastic professor. Her lecture was alright at the beginning of the quarter but soon got a lot messier and unclear after week 4. She tended to cover a lot of stuff but her organization was awful. Plus she gave tricky questions on the exam, which resulted the whole class get a low grade.
4.0 : Great prof for CSE 143. Though all the professors at the CSE dept. are very apt. Zorah was great to listen to (and watch ;-)) at lectures. She's very respected by students because she earned her masters from UW in 5 years in CS. If you can take this class make sure to take it with Zorah.
5.0 : She is really good at explaining everything. Her lectures are amazing. I totally recommend taking the class with her.
5.0 : Zorah was honestly a really good lecturer. Despite being distracted by her cuteness, I was able to learn all that I needed to succeed in her lectures. She always explained difficult concepts clearly and made lecture bearable with her terrible jokes. She was very helpful during office hours as well :) Would def take again for more reasons than one:)
3.0 : TOUGH TESTS (among the hardest out of other profs)! Great personality; lectures were hilarious. Wasn't as clear as other professors, and her slides weren't always helpful. Class was difficult and competitive. Tests were extremely tough and make you feel like a failure, but a lenient scale helped correct some of this.
5.0 : best CSE professor at UW ever
5.0 : By far the best professor I've had at UW. Lectures are amazing, she teaches cs in a clear, concise manner, and she makes lectures really interesting and funny. The exams and homework are very fair but also pretty hard. Also provides fantastic study material online. Overall 15/10 :)
5.0 : She's a very nice teacher that is great at explaining things through lecture. Her homework is very clear in terms of objective, instructions and application. It doesn't feel like I'm wasting my time doing busy work and a lot of concepts are applicable to tests. Test problems are hard, but workable if you spent supple time on the homework.
5.0 : Super hot, fun class
5.0 : Took this class in the summer so the class sizes were small! There is no midterm or final, there is only a interview project  and short informal presentation on the last day of class. No homework but there are interesting readings. Angela is a kind and amazing professor  and the topic was quite interesting!
5.0 : This man cares about democracy more than I've ever cared about anything in my entire life.  I was in his autumn 204 lecture and I thoroughly enjoyed hearing from someone who has so passionately dedicated himself to his field. Nothing but respect from me.
4.0 : One of my favorite professors at UW. You'll want to go to his lectures because he's so engaging and knows so much about what he's teaching. Almost disappointed every time lecture ended because he had me so interested in what he was saying.
4.0 : Amazing lecturer, and thinker. Keeps students engaged and is kinda hot
4.0 : Professor Long is a really great lecturer. He sometimes lectures on his own research and based on this you can tell he is very passionate about his work. He gives out a pretty accurate study guide for the test, which makes the exams pretty decent in terms of difficulty. To succeed however you should definetely know the material on the study guide.
5.0 : I've taken Pol S 204 and Pol S 335 with Professor Long. He is without a doubt the best professor I have ever had, and 335 is the most excited I've been about a course. Any opportunity to learn from him simply cannot be passed up. Interesting and highly applicable readings, amazingly cohesive lectures, and a sarcastic sense of humor.
5.0 : Awesome!  I learned a ton about African Politics.  Professor Long really knows his stuff -- definitely take this class.
5.0 : The class was nearly all discussions, but he made sure that the material we read and the topics covered were interesting. A paper every few weeks and participation in class based on the readings was all that was needed. He's really funny and interesting to talk to, and the class was one of my favorites.
5.0 : He is one of the best professors I ever had. His lectures are engaging and actually teach something. Definitely recommend him. I am very picky when it comes to professors but he got my respect!
5.0 : African Politics was probably my favorite class I took at UW. Professor Long knows his stuff and is passionate, which makes his class both interesting and easy to be engaged in.  Expect to be held accountable for your readings and to participate in class, but i'm happy I did because I feel as though I really took something away from this class!
4.5 : Great professor. No weekly assignments, only reading, which was all online. 30% of the grade was participation, the rest was one midterm (very easy, I got 99%) and one final (a bit less easy but still easy). Class was quite interesting if you like politics and he presented a bit of his own research too.
5.0 : From his 204 class, and he's probably my favorite lecturer I've had as of yet here. His lectures are entertaining and engaging with interesting material. The readings can be a bit tedious but he explains them well enough. Overall great professor.
5.0 : knows his stuff, knows how to teach.  Wish I could take another class with him.
5.0 : Great class!
5.0 : great prof
5.0 : Great class -- his 447 African Politics class is also great!
5.0 : Professor Long is a great lecturer, he presents information in a clear and effective manners and his lectures are always fun to go to. As with any political science class there was a good amount of readings, but not much more beyond 2 tests. Very nice guy, enthusiastic about his work. (I am glad he includes his own work in the lectures)
3.0 : Your grade in the class is based off the mid-term and the final.  They aren't too hard but make sure you know the content pretty well.  He gives you good study guides for the tests too.  His lectures are funny and entertaining and you can tell he's passionate about his work.
5.0 : Great professor. I learned so much! Recommend to everyone who is interested in becoming a multicultural educator. EXPERT! The most supportive person I ever known! Inspirational!  Thank you Gay Geneva!
4.5 : The lectures seem to go on and on and on and on and on and on and on.
3.0 : Good class subject and good teacher
5.0 : Weili is knowledgeable, personable, and put together a really interesting 440 class. The cases are interesting and most of the class is either discussions or brief lectures. The final financial statement analysis project is time consuming but worth it, and the overall workload is light compared to the 300 series. Great class.
5.0 : She is one of those rare professors that I would take ANY class from. Her energy is palpable and makes the topic incredibly engaging. She loves what she's teaching and works really hard to make sure everyone can be successful.
4.5 : He clearly loves philosophy and tries to make quiz sections interactive and comprehensive. He scheduled seperate exam review sessions which were extremely helpful, and gave us exam review study guides. He makes the class very manageable.
5.0 : Great lecturer, and engaging assignments. Made me become much more interested in informatics. Papers aren't graded that hard, but he encourages you to write them well. Midterm and final also aren't that bad.
5.0 : Dr. Stearns is one of the best teachers I have ever had.  He does exactly what a professor needs to in order to effectively spur creativity and caring in his students.  He is genuinely excited to pass this knowledge along to students, so much so that it is infectious amongst the class.  I would take any class he teaches.
5.0 : He's one of the most vibrant teachers I've ever had. I never actually write reviews of teachers, but his sheer admiration towards his students makes me want to rave about him. Even though he teaches in a class of 200-300, he makes sure that everyone is engaged and comfortable. Everyone should have a class at least once with this man! He is just WOW
3.0 : He said some things at the beginning of the quarter that made me think he might be sort of racist against Asian students, honestly still not sure. A good lecturer, but he tends to pontificate a lot. Information from his lectures could probably be condensed down to an hour instead of two. You only need to scan the readings. Study terms!
1.5 : Dr Stearns's lecture is extremely boring and  useless. He expects you to understand very challenging materials in a very short period of time. However, his method of teaching computer science is called "code after me" that he covers huge amount of materials (nodeJS, go, php) without giving in-depth explanation. DO NOT TAKE HIS INFO 344 CLASS!
4.0 : As Informatics becomes increasingly competitive as a major this class has become more and more of a traditional "weed out" class. It's not profoundly difficult but the papers and group project are definitely graded harder than they were in the past. Stearns is a good lecturer and passionate about the subject but this class isn't an easy A anymore.
2.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! OTHERWISE YOU WILL BE DEAD
5.0 : He's very charismatic and is a fantastic lecturer (also has amazing slides). He is approachable and takes the time to get to know his students. As for the class, the group project and make or break your grade. TAs were chill and helpful but graded hard.
1.0 : David Stearns might be a good programmer but he is definitely not a good teacher. He only spent 10 minutes explaining C pointer stuff and expected student could understand such complex concepts. Think twice before enrolled in his class.
5.0 : Incredible lecturer and teacher in INFO 200; make sure to study for his quizzes though, they can go pretty in-depth into the readings sometimes
5.0 : He is fantastic! His lectures were interesting and fun! But, his tests were smart, tricky in a way of you need to understand the ideas well.
4.0 : TOO EASY. Spent less than 4.5 hours for papers (40% grade); Didn't show up at labs (got 0% for participation); Did poorly for quizzes (87%). And got a 3.5. He is new as a professor but he is really experienced and enthusiastic. Lectures are exiting. However you have to be super interested in those boring things in the course to avoid feeling bored.
5.0 : David Stearns is the kind of teacher that makes you work for your grade. I took his INFO 343 (Web Dev) class last year and I can say it was easily one of the most challenging yet rewarding classes I have ever taken. Do *all* the readings and start coding early.  Buckle down, do the time, and you will learn so much. Stearns is an amazing lecturer!
5.0 : I had a question about a reading assignment after the second day of class. I went to his office hours and ended up talking to Dr. Stearns for over 30 minutes, mainly about completely unrelated topics. He answered my questions first, but he is extremely personable and even pushed back a meeting so that we could finish our conversation. Great guy.
5.0 : Stearns is incredibly respected by both students and colleagues. He's passionate and smart and knows how to give an interesting lecture and keep the class involved despite the large class size. It's about 200 people usually   Also he's hot.
5.0 : Dr Stearns is a fantastic professor. The greatest lecturer I've had at the UW so far; he makes lectures engaging and interactive. He takes potentially boring material and makes it intriguing. Always willing to chat about anything under the sun. He's passionate, invested, experienced, quirky, and genuine. Take as many classes as you can with him.
5.0 : He is the best teacher ever.
5.0 : Dr. Stearns is one of the most vibrant professors I've ever had - he's passionate about informatics and cares that the students learn. He's hilarious and engaging. I have to say that the quiz sections were pretty useless though, even if the TAs were great. The quizzes are probably the worst part of the class: annoyingly difficult at times.
5.0 : Take her! She is one of the best lab instructors I have ever taken. I'm not sure if she gives out 4.0s though, I got ~3.6 for both quarters. She might seem hard at first, but if you organize your lab and make it easy for her, she will make it easy for you. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
4.5 : If you are deciding whether or not you want to take a class of Deborah's... TAKE IT! You will not regret it, her classes are awesome. She is a fun professor.
5.0 : You won't regret taking her class. She is easy and understands her students very well.
5.0 : I had never taken a drama class before, and I wasn't sure what to expect. But I LOVED every minute of it! Deborah is a fantastic professor! If you're on here trying to decide whether or not you should take her class for B CORE, or anything else, definitely do it!
5.0 : Deborah is the best teacher! I love being in her class, she's always so bubbly. She's always there for all her students, and is really friendly. I am so glad I took her class this quarter.. Actually really glad. I learned a lot from being in her class, and it made me personally grow as a student. She is 100% awesome :)
5.0 : She is an AMAZING professor !  Everyone in the class, including myself, LOVES HER! Deborah is an exceptional actress and is super  hilarious.  I wish I could re-take this class.  She has definitely helped my transition into college a great experience.
5.0 : Imagine the nicest jewish girl you've met in your life. She's that girl. Her class involves so many acting (she's a drama geek). All her assignments build up but easy af.  If you get anything below an A-, you should drop out and work for McDanks. Completion based works (most), plenty of feedback, TAKE HER CLASS. Go to classes for participation pts.
5.0 : Excellent plant ID class but require very hard work to get an ideal score
5.0 : Clear on expectations.  Replies quickly to questions via e-mail. Makes sure students have in-class opportunities to apply material to problems. Went through a ten week class in about a month, but didn't feel like anything was glossed over or insufficiently explained. If you have to take a statistics course, take it with him.
5.0 : Class is always fun and Sarah is really energetic and easy to relate to. There is a lot of in class group work but none of it is time consuming or hard. Not too much work and no tests. Exciting class, would definitely recommend!
4.0 : Quirky and Engaging, Sarah Jo Ward is a great lecturer because she truly cares for what she teaches as well as cares for her students and their learning. Though she can be a little all-over-the-place, she is an endearing person, and I enjoyed coming to her class.
1.0 : Easy course, but instructor doesn't know how to teach and after all it's a class based on teaching. Directions are disorganized by instructor.
4.5 : Sarah is great. This class has lots of reading but asks big questions and makes it relevant.
5.0 : This class is great. I learned so much about how to use theory in  my every day practice. It's super easy as long as you show up. Readings can be long.
5.0 : Sarah is an amazing instructor - one of the best that I've ran into during my time here at UW. She's got a very bubbly, giggly personality, and her class never puts me to sleep - although lectures can be dry sometimes. Take her if you can! She's AWESOME!
5.0 : Prof. Aragon was fun and engaging. Her class is difficult but it's worth it and she is very helpful when students have questions. She has a deep knowledge of her subject and it shows. She is able to explain it clearly.
5.0 : I had a great time in Prof. Aragon's class. She's clear and passionate, and always willing to help students. She expects her students to work hard but she is very fair, and she makes it impossible to not get excited about the material. I absolutely recommend this professor.
5.0 : Sid is not only a great teacher, but an amazing person as well. He was undoubtedly the most down to earth and approachable instructor I've had at UW. His lectures were clear and his examples were thorough, to the point where reading the textbook is almost optional. I don't think he teaches often, but if you are able to take a class with him, do it!
5.0 : Sid was undoubtedly one of the best TAs I've had at UW. Math125 was definitely difficult, and while there were tons of shortcuts, Sid always pushed us to fully understand the concept before we used them. I went to his office hours as often as I could, and he would actually go through hw problems with me. If you get him as your TA, you're good to go
5.0 : Math 125 is not easy but Sid is down to earth and is very chill. He's a grad student so his main objective is not to punish you as a student but to make sure you LEARN. I've never gotten a 3.8 in a math class but everything he said made the tests/hw easier. I took it with him SUM14 so he might only teach summer quarter.
4.5 : Her expectations are clear. After mid quarter evaluations, she responded and applied a lot of the feedback for the rest of the quarter and it was fantastic. She tries to make things easier for everyone and wants you to do well.
4.0 : Jolina is very enjoyable to listen to, and is very concerned with student well-being. She's very receptive to feedback and goes out of her way to make herself available for those that may be struggling. Overall, her grading is far from punitive, and she clearly cares more for learning experience than grade assignment.
4.5 : Jolina's strengths are 1) her ability to draw on personal research experience to explain complex concepts, and 2) her personality, which is kind and inviting. Her intelligence and passion for her research are evident during lecture, but her personal confidence public speaking need improvement. Time and practice, and she'll get there.
4.0 : Her exceptions in class are very clear and lay out what she expects from you for her test. If you show up to class everyday, I am pretty sure you can get a decent grade from it. She tries her best to make the class fun and interesting, and easy for students by offering them her available time. She is actually one of those professor care. :)
4.0 : Professor Ruckert is a very, very good professor at UW. I've been at UW two years and I have experienced some very great and some not so great professors. Ruckert is a very interesting teacher who greatly cares about the welfare of her students. She also is a very understanding of students which is super rad.
5.0 : Dr. Ruckert was an amazing teacher. She is really realistic and understanding of students, and was the only psych class where the tests were not cumulative over the whole quarter. Its important to do/skim all the reading because tests are straight from book/lecture. Strongly Recommend taking her class.
5.0 : Just had Professor Ruckert for Spring Quarter and passed it with a 3.9. The class is very fun and exciting, you get to learn a lot of new things plus Ruckert's comic and down-to-earth personality makes the class even better. I went to her office hours and she has profound knowledge of the subject and makes everything very clear.
5.0 : I just had Professor Ruckert last spring, she was a great professor. No two units were taught in exactly the same way because she truly took the students input at the end of each unit seriously.  Her study guides for each unit were very clear, helpful and interesting. The videos she showed during class were also very informative and fun to watch.
5.0 : Really passionate about her subject. Genuine, open, honest. Cares about students and individuals and wants to engage with them. I met with her outside class multiple times--she has lots of compassion to give and lots of wisdom to share. If you take from her, make sure you learn not only from how she teaches, but also from how she lives her life.
3.5 : Jolina is enthusiastic about teaching, and it is evident that she cares for her students deeply. I took the class during the summer and there was a lot of reading. We basically had to read a chapter a day, so the tests were crammed with a lot of info and some of her test questions were ambiguous.
5.0 : If you have a chance to take a class with Jolina, do it. She is a queen. I loved the material and I loved how she taught it.
4.0 : Great enthusiasm.  Go to lecture, take notes and you should pass the class easily.  The study guides are helpful. She gives examples which makes everything easier to understand. Tests are multiple choice and if you do the study guide, you should be fine.  She gives extra credits sometimes if you show up to the class.
4.0 : If you want a professor who is incredibly upbeat, kind, and knowledgeable you should take a class with Prof Ruckert. She keeps lectures interesting while proving a lot of information. You will need the book as it is needed for online quizzes and tests. I personally have took a lot from the course.
5.0 : Jolina is one of the best professor I've taken and I'm so sad she's leaving UW. She is passionate of teaching and she really care about her student. She keep asking students for feedback and apply to the future lectures. I like how she give real life examples to concepts and always discuss with students. Definitely take her if you can!
4.5 : As long as you read the material and go to class you'll be fine. She is very understanding if you are interested in the material and really want to learn. I enjoyed how she really wanted to let you know about the course and how it is applicable to all things developmentally speaking. It keeps you engaged and wanting to just know more.
4.0 : Jolina is really kind hearted and caring. She actually wants her students to learn and communicates very well with them (after class, email, etc.). Honestly, I wasn't a big fan of her when I first met her but she grew on me. My only criticism of her is that she occasionally discusses and goes in depth on topics that are not on the testtextbook.
5.0 : Jolina is an intelligent, kind-hearted and motivated professor who cares about her students and their education. She goes out of her way to incorporate student feedback into future lesson plans, and she give relevant, real-world examples that make the textbook clearer. Loved her study-guides and review sessions--great preparation for exams!
4.5 : She's one of the best professors I've had at UW! She's passionate about her work and she will do anything to help you if you need more help outside of class. If you have the chance to take her, take it!!! You won't regret it. Her tests are straight-forward and she gives you bonus questions at the end!
5.0 : Dr. Ruckert is very kind and patient! Attendance is mandatory for Action Points, and there is a research paperstart as soon as you can, and dont feel intimidated to ask for Office Hour help. Tests are not cumulative, and usually doable via online slides (The book is still mandatory to get the highest grades). She's brilliant, but very humble!
4.0 : A very friendly and helpful person to have as an instructor.  They are passionate and excited about what subject they are teaching.  Make sure to come to class as you do not know when there will be action points.  Only 3 non cumulative exams which are fair if you've done the reading and really start working on the research proposal ASAP.
4.0 : Dr. Ruckert is very passionate, knowledgeable, and fun to learn from.  Her lectures are worthwhile to attend even though they weren't necessarily mandatory for this quarter.  She asks for feedback often and does well to accommodate many learning styles.  I'm hoping to take classes from her in the future!
5.0 : Dr. Ruckert is a great instructor with a kind heart. It is evident that she cares about her students &amp; is passionate about the contents taught in class. We got to watch films about interesting research &amp;heard from guest lecturers. Research methods can seem like a mostly technical and dry subject but she has made it interesting and enjoyable for me!
5.0 : I was in Jolina's 1st official class after she got her PhD. She's passionate and very knowledgeable about the subject. Psych 209 is not an easy subject, but she made the class enjoyable because she has clear expectations, listens to her students, is humble, and kind.  Also, has a sense of humor and it's accessible. I highly recommend her class.
4.5 : I was fortunate enough to take the first developmental psych class she taught this summer. Really helpful and extremely well-versed in her field. One long research paper, 3 non-cumulative tests, and attendance is required to get action points (like clicker points).
5.0 : I took Jolina's class this Summer and I'm certainly glad that I did! Jolina was a wonderful professor that consistently gave well thought out lecture! She was quirky and very passionate about Development Psychology! She spun fire on campus when the class scored well on the final exam! Professor Ruckert is wonderful, I highly recommend her class!
2.0 : Ruckert oversimplifies the material for this class.  If you want a good (but not great) grade without a lot of work - this class is for you.  (Homework assignments reminded me of grade school!)  Downside: the multiple choice exams are full of ambiguous and confusing questions and sometimes the "correct" answer directly contradicts the textbook.
5.0 : Great lectures and he'll make you read stuff that matters
5.0 : Professor Colin Marshall is a great lecturer and has the ability to engage the whole class in what he is saying. He has a great sense of humour and is very helpful if anyone needs help or has questions about philosophy.
3.5 : Good professor
3.5 : This is an entry level class and yet the readings that we receive are very tough. Even after we read and go to lecture, I would still struggle trying to understand the concepts he was teaching. Tried to take this as an easy elective, but it was not worth it. A lot of tough reading.
5.0 : Great lecturer and keeps the whole class engaged. Weekly readings which are pretty tough, but is explained thoroughly during lectures. Definitely not an easy A, but I think this class is well worth the experience. Very interesting topics discussed and would take again!
5.0 : I took this class as my "easy" class for the quarter. While it was a bit more work than I was expecting, it was worth it. Colin gives good lectures, with a lot of credit for small, easy assignments. There are 3 papers, but they are reasonably quick. This is a really good class for those interested in philosophy.
4.0 : Marshall is able to lecture in a very interesting and clear way. He obviously enjoys what he does and wants to share that with the students.  I only have two criticisms: (1)his left-wing politics enter the class more than should be the case. (2) Some topics we discussed would have been better for other classes, eg race, the second amendment.
3.0 : Nice grading system! Class is not boring if you focus...
5.0 : Some of the readings assigned are difficult, but his lectures explain the content very well. His lectures are overall pretty engaging and entertaining. There's pretty regular homework but outside of the reading it is not very difficult.
5.0 : Great prof, passionate about phil and makes it very easy to follow and very interesting. Lots of reading but material is thought-provoking. Grading on papers can be rough because they're worth so few points, but they are easy and laid out for you. Make sure you get every possible point to get an A, don't forget drafts, worksheets, participation.
5.0 : Colin made class really interesting, and is very clear in his expectations. There is a lot of reading but it's spaced out and not too overwhelming. Was definitely a class I looked forward to in the mornings.
5.0 : Mr. Collins does an absolutely wonderful job of teaching introductory Philosophy. Discussions are fair, respectful, with him always openly and genuinely encouraging different views. Lectures somehow make 8:30 AM classes bearable, and I had no regrets about taking this class. Papers aren't too hard at all, and the feedback given is very helpful.
5.0 : Great Professor
5.0 : He is really good at teaching. I felt the course was very light for a 5 credit class. Readings, essays, short stories, all very easy as long as you follow what they want. Don't hesitate to him questions too.
5.0 : Jameel Saab is fantastic! He's an easy grader as well. If you want a GPA booster... take this class. Very fun!
5.0 : Denise Vaughan is HANDS DOWN the BEST professor I have ever had at UW Bothell. She is stress free but will be stern when needed. Shes fun but serious. She LOVES debate and it helped me with my public speaking tremendously!! I took two of her classes, BIS302 and Debate class. SOO WORTH IT! SHES AWESOME!
5.0 : While she isn't an easy A, if you do the work (and there's very little) you will do well! She provides great feedback and is really there for her students.
4.0 : Expect to be nervous for the first speech but then it gets much better and easier once you know people. The tests are easy if you memorize the study guide as she only asks things from the study guide. She is a pretty tough grader.
4.5 : The first speech is kind of nerve wrecking, but by the last speech, I felt much more comfortable. The two tests are easy if you study. She is a tough grader. She really cares about her students and is always available to help when it's needed. Also makes time outside of class for her students. Great prof! Definitely recommend.
4.0 : Talks a lot and goes off topic often but is funny so it's kind of OK? Tough grading on the group assignments throughout the quarter but the exams are graded less harshly. She loves debate and goes crazy for the class debate simulation that happens.
3.5 : Great teacher, grades WAAAAYYY too hard for a 200 level/introductory class
2.0 : Let me be the first to say that as a teacher, Professor Vaughan is a great. She is extremely good at making a safe/fun environment for the awkward subject of debate. However, she graded WAAAAYYY TOO TOUGH for an introduction class! It was ridiculous that the best speaker could only get 46 out of 50 and the rest of the class received C's and B's.
5.0 : If you practice for the speech and meets the time requirement, you'll get a good grade. 4 easy quizzes based on readings but very general. She's very sweet and nice, a talented public speaker, and is willing to provide extra help if you need. Cares about students, accessible outside class, and creates safe space for sensitive topics.
4.5 : I really liked this class a lot and it made me go outside my comfort zone since I didnt think I was that good.
5.0 : Prof. Vaughn is a breath of fresh air. Prof. V's genuine concern for her students' future, encourages her students to go outside their proverbial box. She helped me tremendously during a very stressful time, and she is always willing to go the extra mile for her students. Her lectures are engaging, and push you to use your critical learning skills.
3.0 : She is very funny and full of energy. However, I find that she can be very confusing when it comes to assigning homework. She is also a tough grader which can be very frustrating. Expect to work a lot with groups and participation is a must. She is there for you if you have any questions.
5.0 : -inspirational -not many tests, -clear on grading -there for you -participation matters -group project based -would take any of her classes.   She is an awesome teacher and she will answer any questions you have. and shes very funny and will try for some laughs in class :)
4.0 : Denise is a wonderful debater and a decent teacher, but DO NOT take this class if you care about your GPA. She rarely gives 100% on debates, and is a tough grader on papers as well. She also tends to have multiple big assignments due at once and doesnt give a lot of notice about them so if you do take the class be vigilant in checking canvas.
5.0 : Denise is a very knowledgeable and caring professor. She knows exactly what she wants you to learn and has lots of experience as a professor and as the Speech &amp; Debate Supervisor. She goes out of her way to help students and will always be there for you if you have any questions or concerns. Amazing professor! Would strongly recommend to take her!
5.0 : I have taken multiple courses with Prof. Vaughan. Hands down, Professor Vaughan is the best professor at UW. Clear expectations-pedagogy &amp; energy motivate proactive learning-compassionate &amp; understanding-always willing to help &amp; listen-inspirational . Professor Vaughans' influence was instrumental in my success at UW. Thank you Professor Vaughan
4.0 : Although you definitely don't always want to participate in class, Wiggins keeps it very interesting. Brings a new twist on subjects that are either really disliked or loved by students. Would love to take another class with him, he made a sometimes boring subject light-humored and fun to talk about.
4.5 : Ellwood makes the material easy to understand and is good at explaining it to students who are struggling. His enthusiasm is contagious, even if the material isn't the most interesting. He's a great lecturer and really works with the students to make sure everything is clear.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. He makes INCREDIBLY dry content interesting to learn. He's very easy to approach and very lively during his lectures. As long as you show up to class, getting a 3.5 or higher is a breeze. I would definitely 10/10 take a class from him again.
5.0 : Makes even the driest, longest, most difficult to understand readings and concepts bearable. He's extremely wise and intelligent and has an answer to everything. He's very enthusiastic and passionate about his teachings and with his students. Excellent professor and excellent course!
4.0 : Ellwood is a very enthusiastic professor, but he can be a tough grader at times and no assignment grades are posted. The tests are very straightforward and super easy if you go to class every day, but he really likes specificity. There's also a ton of group work in this class, so if that's not your thing then definitely rethink taking it.
4.5 : Very good knowledge on the subject matter , helpful, sincere.
5.0 : Amazing lectures but hard task master.
5.0 : Nice but very tough grader
4.5 : Very helpful but very tough grader
4.0 : His tests are very similar to the homework that he assigns. Take note of that! For my class, he decided to go against grading with a curve, which could be good or bad. He has a pretty heavy Indian accent, but you get used to it after a while. No quizzes, but two midterms and  a final. If you do the homework and understand, you'll get a good grade.
5.0 : I was very happy that he was one of the few teachers that didn't require clicker questions. Raj is always there to answer questions after class and quick to answer emails. He has a subtle sense of humor that he doesn't seem to know he has. Exam questions are just like examples we cover in class.
5.0 : Aaron is a great teacher! He has basically done everything ever and has a vast wealth of knowledge. You'll benefit from speaking up in class. Tests are straightforward, based almost completely on the lecture slides. Just come to class and you'll do well!
5.0 : Great teacher, even though it was his first time teaching. Lectures are very clear and txtbook use is not needed. He really cares about students in the classes understanding the material. Tests avgs were alittle high, but the class is set up to be very fair and representative of the work a student puts in.
5.0 : Very straight forward lecturer. It was his first quarter teaching the class but his explanations and examples were thorough and clear. Test problems highly resemble the homework -- which is great, he doesn't try to trick you or unfairly mark you down. Very polite and I would definitely recommend him!
5.0 : he is a new teacher but he is also a great and helpful teacher. He cares how he can explain the materials clearly to his students. His office hour is amazing helpful. Take his classes is available
5.0 : He's a very good professor. Very flexible. Homework due every friday, and two midterms. As long as you do your homework and understand it, you should do well in the class.
5.0 : Really greater at explaining difficult concepts. He prepares you for the tests pretty well which are usually pretty easy with one challenge problem. Assigns very little homework with weekly quizzes. Very helpful and makes sure you understand the material.
5.0 : At the beginning of Math 395, he said that only 1 quiz will be dropped. However, at the end of the quarter, he dropped 3 in total, which helps variety of students to pass. Even though he talks quite fast during lectures, but he is extremely helpful and slow in explaining outside class. One of the best professors
5.0 : He is just amazing
4.0 : So I had him for COM 351 during the summer. 10 exercises, most of which are in class and are all 1 page or less and very simple. Reading the book wasn't necessary since the 2 online quizzes were open-book. He gives good feedback from assignments. He will randomly call on a students though and ask questions. The two interview assignments weren't bad
3.0 : Pretty easy going teacher, but calls out people randomly, so always pay attention. Do all of the work, skim the book, come to class, you should perform well.
4.0 : 10 in-class interviewing exercises 1 peer-reviewed journal article summary 1 interview critique 2 interviewing projects/paper 2 online quizzes  +Easy going and laid-back +Gives feedback on your assignments +Insightful lecture  -Calls out on students randomly to answer questions  Recommended!
4.0 : There are many assignments throughout the quarter but easily manageable. Steve provides constructive feedbacks on your assignments. Accessible outside class and respond quickly through email.  Lectures can be drab but they are insightful! He also likes to randomly call on students to answer questions. Amiable professor overall! Recommended!
5.0 : THE BEST CLASS EVER! Steve is THE MAN! All assignments have practical use, and are not hard at all. THIS CLASS IS FUN! I wanted to come to class. The textbook is not bad at all. Brings in guests for students to interview (big time guests! like ones that go on his show). If i could, I'd take this class every year!
5.0 : good class
5.0 : Very helpful
3.5 : Great instructor, new. Lectures were sometimes long and unclear. But later in the quarter, her examples that connected with real-time situations were very helpful and clear.
4.0 : good class. It was a useful class.
5.0 : Amazing professor
1.0 : Incredibly poor lecturer. Never prepared or organized for class. Can never clearly answer questions. Does not posts slides containing homework instructions. Absurd expectations from students who are taking an introductory course. Clear expectations rarely given. Pointlessly assigns lab partners when cooperation on work is strictly forbidden.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Applies lecture topics to real world. Always there to help any students that need help or just want to talk. Very knowledgeable. Assignments done in a group (about 4 queries, 1 DB design, 1 project) and a midterm and final exam.  Her slides and examples are helpful.
5.0 : The class is difficult, but this is the only class i ever took where I actually learned. She is always ready to help. The labs are tough, but I guess thats required for 143.
5.0 : The class is very interesting, the prof taught us how to think as a programmer. Most of the programming class just cover syntax. That is not helpful. The important thing is to thing as a programmer. She values honesty and hard work.
5.0 : best class i ever took, did lots of in class labs, the project are so relevant. I am definitely doing more databases.
5.0 : Her teaching style is very solid. She keeps lecture interesting, makes jokes when necessary. She is a fair grader, tests are fair and gives extra credit on both of them even on the project. Didn't use the book for this class but you can use it on your test so best to have a physical copy. Best teacher so far in thr program and knows a lot about SQL
5.0 : Honestly, she knows what she is doing, she is very experienced due to her industry life. You have to catch up on class or you will feel lost for the rest of the quarter. The grader she has is pretty tough. Get a book if possible because you will find it useful during tests. One advice: earn as many points as possible during the midterm bc its ez.
4.0 : i think i learned a lot in this class. she makes you work for it. but a very good class.
4.0 : good class, hard labs so be prepared. she is available to help, even stayed back after class to help out students, I thought that was very nice
4.0 : good class learned a lot
1.0 : Her lectures are very dull and drag on through the whole class period. She will also often single out students and ask them for answers and if no one wants to answer she will begin yelling at the class. She will also have students attempt to do a question in class but only gives you a couple of minutes for something that was just went over.
3.0 : She's passionate about ensuring a topic is understood and gives alternate examples to explain. Gets annoyed when students refuse to participate and at least try. Assignments in Canvas are vague. Frustrating when a IT instructor barely knows how to use Canvas. Covers topics not found in book. Skip the  hardcopy book, softcopy is fine.
4.5 : Encourages everyone to participate, comes up with many examples to help everyone understand.
3.5 : relates everything with real life examples that really helps
5.0 : Like her lectures, makes tedious topics relatable gives lots of examples is always available for help
5.0 : very helpful, gave good ideas for my project
5.0 : She really cares for students and makes you do better
5.0 : I later learned why the subject was so important and I wish I was more attentive in the class
1.0 : She is  very knowledgeable individual with a wealth of experience who has no business teaching students at even a community college level.    Industry experience ! competent instructor.
5.0 : Suri is a really amazing professor who really cares about her students &amp; has a lot of experience in the field and gives her own examples in her lectures. Her slides are all you will need in this class. Her assignments can be vague but you can e-mail her. Group project, 2 exams, a suprise quiz and a few assignments spread out throughout the quarter.
3.0 : never take her class if you want a low grade
5.0 : good class, project is very important, assignments are not super easy, but doables.
4.5 : Good at explaining things, section was full of good stuff.
4.0 : The course was a challenge. Dr. Bill really knows the subject. He is really approachable and has always gotten back to me in a timely matter.
4.5 : Great Teacher,  helpful. Very Organized. Good Lectures. Would recommend for 342, 343.
5.0 : Best prof ever! She prepares her lecture with excellent and interesting example. She knows exactly where students may be confused. Must have!!
5.0 : This is by far the best professor at UW Bothell. Her lectures are clear and she tells you exactly what will be on the test. If you try hard enough, you will get an easy A.
5.0 : Clear assignment requirements and grading criteria. Well-structured lectures. Plenty of examples and in-class practice exercises.  This is the most straight forward class I have taken by far. Min will not try to trick you or make the class unnecessarily hard. She's well organized. She's will teach you everything you need to know to succeed.
4.5 : Dr. Chen is an amazing teacher who actually cares if her students are understanding the material. One class she came up with half a dozen examples in a row when our class was having trouble understanding a concept and she didn't quit until she was convinced we understood. Lectures are very organized and her handouts are extremely helpful.
4.0 : Good professor. There are four assignments, and two test. Tests are easily.
5.0 : Amazing professor! She makes the class easy, and really shows that she cares about her students. I highly recommend her class!
2.0 : While the content is conveyed clearly, the way this professor grades is very unhelpful when it comes to promoting learning. Her grading techniques aim to punish for slight error instead of giving partial credit. My experience in another class with this professor revealed this same problem. Grading criteria are not always clear.
4.5 : Lecture are good, she tried to make everything simple. She really care for students, which is good and bad - the downside is she could take 15 minutes to explain a concept if one or two persons keep asking that concept over and over again (where everyone is clear about it), which drag the whole class down instead of moving on to the next concept.
5.0 : CSS 370 was a breeze with her! She is one of the best at UWB! Would take any CSS class with her again. Highly recommend. Easy A, if you try.
3.5 : She is a pretty decent professor. She always wants student feedback, whether that's through mid-course evaluations or nodding your head occasionally throughout the lecture to show you actually get what's going on. Her tests and assignments can be tricky, but if you read through her powerpoints and do practice problems you should be good.
5.0 : Multimedia Data Processing (CSS490). No textbook. No homework other than the 4 assignments. Easy assignments. 3rd assignment is a group assignment. Average on everything was about around a B+. Two tests (both open notes).
4.0 : Excellent instructor.  Well organized and clear presentations of the materials.  Middle of the road in terms of grading toughness.  I would highly recommend this professor.
3.5 : I'm surprised no one made a page for Professor Chen, as this is her secondthird quarter teaching.   Prof. Chen is very knowledgeable and is probably the nicest CSS professor. She's always willing to help and take time to explain concepts in depth. In class, make sure you explicitly tell her if you get something or not. She relies on feedback.
3.5 : Very helpful and knowledgeable professor. She relies heavily on feedback to direct the lecture in a way that will most benefit the students so it is important to give feedback (something my class is not very good at).  I dropped into her office not even during her regular office hours and she still spent a couple of minutes giving much needed help.
4.0 : It takes sometime warming up to her, but once you get to know her she's pretty cool. Very passionate about what she teaches, but not the best lecturer in the world. It's an interesting class and if you show up and do the work you'll get a good grade.
2.0 : Took this class because it sounded incredibly intriguing and engaging. The topics she presented throughout the course had potential. Unfortunately, her teaching abilities were poor at best. Only a few lectures were worth listening to and tests were not graded well. The T.A. seemed to do much of her work. Not planning on taking her again
5.0 : I totally disagree with the comment made on 3/9 about GEOG 370. Christine is the best professor I have had so far in the geography department. She is super nice, super educated on the subject and very affective at teaching. She also gives plenty of space for students to contribute. The grading is VERY mellow compared to most instructors at UW.
3.5 : I wish that expectations were clearer and that the tests were not a sheer race against time. Even if you show up to every class, you have to be ready for nuanced last minute changes to exams that reflect just one person's interest in the class and not the course objectives. No extra credit. Grades are blocked, prepare to be surprised!
5.0 : Great class so far!
5.0 : Honestly loved this class so much and I wanted to take another course with her but it was full! The test was easy because of the review guides that she provided, as well as the review sessions. The quiz section was a bit unnecessary in my opinion, but the prof seems to really care about her students. We also had two extra credit opportunities!
4.0 : The class was super informative and I learned so many new things. She provides current examples of the concepts she teaches which really help. The extra credit was easy and fun.
5.0 : Passionate about the subject matter but not overly demanding. Very clear and engaging. Would definitely take any course she offers.
4.0 : He treats a 3 credit course like it's a 7 credit course. I liked school up until I took a class with him. Now? I can't wait for this quarter to be over.
4.0 : Most students will have an issue with the amount of homework he assigns - instead of weekly homework of, say, 5-8 problems, he assigns about 2-5 problems a day.  No one is going to appreciate the workload until they've finished the course.  You don't learn math if you don't do math.  Keeping that in mind, Tuncel is great.  Go to office hours.
5.0 : As you might have heard, prof. Tuncel assigns too many HW problems on a session basis. First, this might look a lot (and it is!), but then you realize you've learned a ton after the quarter. Attend his office hours and try to keep up with the class. The best way to pass his course is trying to enjoy and live with the material.
4.5 : Lectures are ideal:  ideas presented clearly on the board and spoken coherently.  Has a strong mastery of the subject and takes care to point out what matters to students.  Proofs were merely presented, but students were not expected to do them.
4.5 : She is a very inspirational professor who loves to not only teach, but learn from students. She's very enthusiastic and understands the material that she is teaching. She encourages people to come to her when she needs help and if they don't she goes up to them. She's very comforting and nice to talk to, lectures are kinda long tho.
5.0 : Best professor! She is helpful and sincere.  But if you are a slacker, then avoid taking her because you probably won't be able to get halfway through her class
3.5 : She is sooo busy helping out her students all the time. Sometimes youll walk in for office hours and she will be helping 4 other students and get to you once she has time. She is an awesome teacher. A little hard to understand for the first week but then you get used to her accent.
5.0 : Emily was a great teacher for this intense Spanish course. She knows her stuff and was really fun to work with.
5.0 : One of the best math professor I had. She teaches the material well and does not overwhelm the student too much during lecture. Homework and quizzes are straight forward, pay attention in lecture and you should be fine. Take advantage of her office hours because Emily is extremely helpful with anything you don't understand.
5.0 : First off, I HATE math.  I've learned to enjoy it in Emily's class.  She is a very caring person, and wants you to succeed.  She extends her office hours before tests, and is more than willing to help you.  Attendance is necessary; the participation points add up. She isn't teaching BMATH 122 in the Spring; I wish she was.   I definitely recommend.
5.0 : Very helpful in and out of class hours. Clear lectures and class is pretty straightforward. Would take her again.
5.0 : Emily was the first professor who made me understand math. I usually struggle a lot with math but she was a very clear lecture and very much wanted all of us to pass.
4.0 : Emily is hands down the best professor I've ever had, and i would 100% recommend her (especially if it's your first year). I personally don't like math and never really got it, until I met with her. She's very knowledgeable, caring, and goofy! She spends class time wisely, 20% lecture 80% with your group. TAKE HER!
5.0 : She helped me a TON. She is always available for office hours and answers any question, regardless of how dumb it is. One of the best math professors at UWB.
5.0 : Emily is an amazing teacher who cares about wether not you're passing or not. She and the other teachers (it seems more like her though) are trying to have a "No 0" policy to not let anyone fail their class. You have to come to class and participate to really understand the math.
5.0 : I really enjoyed Emily's class. Going to try and have her again in math in the future!!!
1.0 : I was very disappointed in how little help she provided. She is new  to UWB so she is clearly still learning. The amount of assignments she gives is ridiculous and even if they are easy she is ZERO help. I definitely do NOT reccommend taking her. Spare yourself the bad grade and useless material.
5.0 : Pay attention in class and you'll do well. Finish the homework and study a little, and she will give you the benefit of the doubt. Good professor, great class.
5.0 : Emily is hands down the best math professor I have ever taken and she's also one of the greatest professors in UWB. Her lectures are clear and she knows how to lecture. I would take her for all of my math classes if I could. She's AMAZING. I definitely recommend taking her!
4.5 : She is very helpful. If you go in and talk with her in her office hours and work with her, she is very understanding. I really enjoyed taking her class.
4.0 : Great teacher for those who struggle with math, teaching slowly and making sure that everyone has understood. However, having a preexisting understanding of higher level math, there were moments where her teaching further confused areas I had felt comfortable. Nightly homework is too minutiae but disproportionately decides your participation grade.
4.0 : She is pretty nice and is the to help whenever you need it and actually explains things very well. But gotta admit she's really strict on grading!! And she didn't give us enough time to get ready for our final. The last week before the finals she taught us new material when she should have given us the review sheet to get ready for the finals.
1.0 : I wouldnt recommend Emily, she is hard to understand while teaching and also when asking questions in office hours she can make you feel dumb for asking a question. Her grading is very unfair to the fact that if you dont round up on the test when it says nothing about it she will take off full points.
4.0 : Easy and simple
1.0 : Very one sided lectures. Only focused on all the bad that happened and didn't really give both sides. Overall i pretty much just learned her opinion on things and not mush else.
5.0 : I enjoyed learning more about what means to think and write critically.  Lots of work but work it for sure!
5.0 : Michelle is the most inspirational professor I've ever had. She teaches you how to how to think and write critically. She doesn't make you do an unrealistic amount of work but the class is based around your daily readings. The tests are lengthy and heavy but she is a lenient and fair grader. VERY strict with APA formatting! Overall great class!
5.0 : Michelle is challenging, expects you to complete a fair amount of reading, and it is well worth it. She is incredibly passionate about preserving the history of her heritage as well as decolonizing her students minds. She is a must take professor at UW!
5.0 : Michelle is amazing. Classes are heavy in reading and written responses, but she will challenge you to think critically and you will grow tremendously because of it. She is adamant about APA format and exams are short essay responses. I've taken 3 classes with her and highly recommend all of them.
5.0 : A class with her will change your life... Her counter narratives will make you think!!! but her class is still easy
5.0 : Best professor at UWT. Very understanding with absencesfamily problems. Very passionate about her Native American heritage and indigenous studies. Very knowledgeable, full of wisdom, makes you THINK.  Awesome course-weekly readings are a must for class discussions.
3.0 : New prof. Fast pace lecture class, a class for writers who can do essays in 1 or 2 weeks &amp; have a strong unpacking skill. Take notes for everything, u will learn everything that was not in US history books about Natives. Con: Contradicted on "double-space" paper when she said single space and vice versa. Must know HER apa style or get scold.
1.0 : Enter this course if you're into head games. If she decides she personally doesn't like you she will shut you down every chance she gets in class, and otherwise. Totally unprofessional because of her personal bias' toward one race in particular. Bait and switch for the instructions for quizzes less than two days before due- good luck.
5.0 : .
5.0 : Definitely not biased.
5.0 : Great class but lots of work.
5.0 : Lots of work.
5.0 : My first class at UWT and definitely learned a lot about Native issues.
5.0 : Awesome class!!!
5.0 : Be prepared to have lots of homework. Overall...I am now learning to become a critical thinker.
5.0 : Professor Ross is easily the greatest Professor I have ever met, and I have been a college student for almost six years. I have had the honor of taking two of her classes so far and her knowledge, teaching, and presence has had a profound effect on my life on so many levels! She is truly an inspiration and UW should hire more Professors like her!
5.0 : Dr. Ross is incredible. She has worked with some of the greats like Angela Davis and Andrea Smith. She is very open about her own experiences and often shares her personal stories with the class. She's also very supportive of students and it's obvious that she cares about each and every one of us. UW needs more professors like her!
4.0 : Ross' classes tend to be very safe and open spaces, so I would highly recommend her to anyone seeking to gain knowledge in a "non-traditional" way. What I have learned from her classes will stay with me forever. If you do take a class with her, DO NOT wear any fragrance (perfume/cologne, strong hair product, etc) as it will make her extremely ill.
5.0 : Professor Ross is amazing! I wish I had more teachers like her! She is the true definition of a mentor and inspiration. She not only teaches you about yourself, but your roots and your community. She is beyond amazing! I love her! You HAVE to take all of her classes!
4.5 : Professor Ross is an amazing academic, and a wonderful teacher. This class was quite literally life-changing...I learned so much about such relevant topics, and feel like I gained a community in my classmates.
3.0 : Course was entirely student lead. Ross is a great prof but we didn't learn from her at all, just each other.
5.0 : The most passionate professor I've ever had teaching their topic. This class was predominantly student led, so if you would prefer your professor's lecture this probably isn't for you. However, the content she has us read will change your life and she truly cares about her students. I highly recommend taking this class or anything with her.
5.0 : Excellent Professor! She truly cares about the material she teaches and is passionate about making sure her students are engaging with the content wholeheartedly. It's been a year since I took a class with her and yet I think about that class time and again. Changed my life!
5.0 : Professor Ross is incredibly kind and truly cares about her students' learning. She also has an impressive academic history -- she often talks about how she taught the authors of our textbooks or worked with them. Furthermore, she shares a lot of her personal experiences with the class, which is really rad because she has no obligation to do so.
3.0 : This class was almost entirely student-led. Group projects were presented all but three days of the quarter. Dr. Ross has a lot to offer students, but if you want to learn from HER, take a different class.
5.0 : NUTR classes with this guy are incredibly chill. You pretty much get 4 homework assignments (for the whole quarter!), 10 minute quizzes (which is usually 1-2 straightforward questions on lecture or reading. He's a funny, wise old owl type of professor. Highly recommend! Incredibly reasonable too which you don't see much at UW. You won't regret!
3.5 : Good lecturer, but I found his assignment requirements to be very confusing at times. However, it was a good class and I learned a lot! His pop quizzes are the 'minute quizzes' which are two questions long and quiz you on readings. There were 4 assignments overall, which were graded pretty easily.
4.5 : Interesting class materials. He also invites a lot of people to give fun guest lectures. Only 8 small quizzes given unannounced in class, so attendance is pretty important.  There are 4 writing assignment in total, and his TAs gives really good grades on them. I almost got all hundreds on them. Recommended!
5.0 : NUTR 411 didn't have any exams :0 ! Relatively easy short writing assignments and making infographics (use a website :P).  And easy like paragraph answer type short answers at the end of class.  He is a very good professor, knows his stuff and is pretty funny in a way ( I found him hilarious though). He doesn't try to be tricky at all etc.
5.0 : He specifically designs his classes to be easy and with a reasonable workload! He's incredibly reasonable in the amount of workload and grading for the course. Definitely take him. Funny and reasonable (hard to get both in UW).
4.0 : Fun credit/no credit seminar!
4.0 : She is awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!   MUST TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!!!  it will transform your life
3.5 : Dr. Flores knows his stuff. He is very brilliant, but can be a little overly strict on grading. Keep up on the reading, and definitely do the notecards (if you take him you'll understand). He does make you work for your grades but you will be better for it. He is very inspirational about creating social justice.
2.5 : He know's his stuff. He is clear in his teachings. However, this professor is extremely self absorbed. Which is interesting because he often talks about how he came from nothing and was self-determined in his success.. Which is great, until you realize that he LOVES to talk about himself and to be frank, condescending and judgmental.
4.0 : Professor Flores is one of the best professors I've had. His grading criteria is very clear and you must actively participate. He is a young teacher but very brilliant. You should take this class! It's very insightful and educational. I truly enjoyed the course and would recommend taking his classes!
5.0 : Dr. Flores will always be a memorable professor! He's hilarious and keeps the class interesting. He knows lectures get boring so he likes to mix it up by doing activities or watching clips. As long as you participate and actually make an effort in class you'll do great!
5.0 : Flores is a young teacher, but is smart and very engaging when it comes to teaching. Participation matters to him and so do intellectual conversations. His classes are always enjoyable. He doesn't just use PowerPoint, but videos, discussions, guest speakers etc. I truly enjoyed his class and laugh a lot, because he likes to talk about himself.
5.0 : Dr. Flores is an amazing professor. The class was interesting and engaging, I would definitely take more courses with him.  Dr. Flores is young, which is great, because he has a modern approach to teaching. This class was hands down the best course I have taken at UWT.  Accelerate your academic journey, TAKE THIS COURSE!
4.5 : Very helpful and kind. Does call you out of your mistakes, just politely corrects you. She is a very positive and happy professor, not there to take you down but to pick you up. Always there to answer your questions, but being a new language, being present in class in usually necessary! I would take any of her classes. Highly recommended.
5.0 : He is great. Please do come to his class although he don't take attendance. One of the best professor I have met.
5.0 : Bruce is super cool! He's a lot of fun in lectures, as he likes to tell lots of stories unrelated to the class which are entertaining. Also, he has a philosophy of "I want you to learn, but I don't believe you should suffer to do it." Therefore, we have no homework assignments, just labs, which is a more fun way to learn. Bruce is great!
5.0 : Dr. Madfis is the best!
5.0 : Dr. Madfis is a great professor. He is very specific on what he expects you to know for the tests and also gives out review sheets. He is really fast paced, and lectures from power points, he is extremely knowledgeable in his field and really facilitates learning in each area he teaches. He does get grumpy if know one is doing the readings.
5.0 : The work is challenging but he is a fantastic professor. Had him for multiple classes this quarter and plan to keep taking him.
5.0 : Dr. Madfis is an amazing professor. He is extremely knowledgeable and actually makes class fun. He is also very willing to help you out after class.
5.0 : This class was a great introduction to different forms of injury and violence epidemiology. Great for students just starting out or new to the field.
4.0 : New prof, so lectures are pulled almost directly from the book. Very into participation and gives tons of opportunities for it. Tests are split into multiple choice (easy if you read the material and pay attention) and essays (easy as long as you pay attention to the prompt!) Class overall was really good. He will one day be "one of the good ones".
4.5 : Welsh is a great guy and professor! He does really interesting discussions about current events. Definitely take 320 with him if you can. It's also pretty easy!
4.5 : Dave is the man when it comes to mgmt 320. His teaching style clearly explains everything so clearly you will not need to study very much on your own time. In regards to exams, read the textbook carefully and the supplemental book "Flash Boys." Be prepared for a 10pg paper and group project. Overall, he is the best mgmt professor at UW.
3.0 : I would give him credit for trying to make such boring material relevant. But on the exams he tests on redundant stuff such as which name was not mentioned in this topic we talked about? Also, the TAs mark everything so almost your ENTIRE grade is dependent on a fellow students opinion on your essayS.
5.0 : Great professor and class.
5.0 : The organization of class was phenomenal. She tells you exactly what to expect, how you'll be graded, what you need to do &amp; when. Tests are hard. I had to put more effort in than for other classes. I learned so much, though, &amp; the material was genuinely interesting/applicable. She is very passionate about sustainability. Loved it! Want to take 321.
5.0 : I've learned much about corporate sustainability and business.
5.0 : Great experience.
2.5 : This is the most pointless class I have taken at the UW. You will get treated like a child. While there is not much outside work, the few assignments you do have are poorly explained and serve no purpose in furthering your understanding of the course material. Dr. Paun's lectures are lengthy and made me want to bash my head into the wall.
4.0 : Lectures give info the textbook doesn't have and tests cover everything in the unit from both. Instructor really cares if you learn the material though, and will spend whatever time it takes to make sure each student gets it. If you hate spreadsheets, you're gonna have a bad time. For a non-major business class, you come away with a lot of info.
5.0 : Steven Beda is a great lecturer and I'm always interested in what he is talking about in class. He is very good at engaging with the class and is very helpful if you have any questions or need help with anything. I would definitely recommend Steven to anyone into History.
5.0 : Beda is a great teacher! He is there for you whenever you need and he is always willing to help! The class has a lot of reading and has a midterm, final, and long research paper. The class is a lot of writing, but he is not a tough grader. As long as you hit the key points you need to and put in the effort, the class will be easy! Take the class!!
5.0 : Probably the best professor ive had so far in the MSE dept. Does an excellent job at explaining complex topics and doesnt expect to much from you in tests. Also he built a freeze ray. 10/10 would take another one of his classes.
5.0 : One of the best lecturers I've had at the University of Washington. He does his best to answer questions in lecture and will speak to students after class or in OH. He listens attentively to questions and makes sure his explanations  are understood. One of the most enthusiastic lecturers I've had for students to learn. Would be a great 170 lecturer
4.5 : Good lecturer, enthusiastic and treats material with rigor. Poor guy usually has either 12 or no TA, so good luck getting tests and HWs back, but you won't need them: his exams are a piece of cake. Open notes, open book!
5.0 : Pauzauskie is hands down the best professor in the UW MSE department. His lectures are engaging and intelligent, and for MSE 498 his use of illustrations supported by powerpoint slides is excellent. You wont see him reading off bad slides, he writes everything out on the board. If you dont go to lecture and take notes, prepare to fail all exams.
4.0 : Bubbly professor &amp; an expert in his field. You may reuse your note sheet until final exams; allows 3 note sheets. Tests are filled with booby traps; docks point for small things, hidden questions, and small space. Homework is self-graded. Read the given textbook well. Slightly difficult to access outside class. You can bring textbook to exams.
4.0 : Despite the course being extremely easy, and having access to resources for answers for your online assignments and midtermsfinals (online and take-home), the professor wasn't engaging in my opinion and basically lectured by reading off PPT slides. BORING. Easy A and decent introduction to economics.
4.5 : This is by far one of the best experiences I have had at uwt, this class is challenging but she keeps it interesting.
4.5 : Her expertise and knowledge of the material really show through her explanations and discussions. And along with that, she's so willing to change pace or alter class curriculum or material to best suit her students needs. It's so real life applicable. Love the overall class!
4.0 : Favorite professor I've had so far by far will definitely be trying to take more classes that she teaches. She put a lot of effort into teaching and it has clearly shown throughout the quarter, highly recommend her class. UWT should offer her a full-time position!
5.0 : The handouts are amazing. Not only do they save me the trouble of purchasing a textbook, they give me a better understanding of what material the instructor would like the class to focus on. There is plenty of relevant information outside the handouts that is provided by the instructor as well. All of this is most appreciated and very helpful.
4.0 : The first class at UWT I feel is a challenge and at university level. Very impressed.
5.0 : Interesting and relevant. Definitely recommend.
5.0 : UW needs to hire her full time! Very clear supplementary handouts. Tests are take online take home and you have from 8am to midnight to complete, tests are reflective of material covered on the slides. I did not use the textbook once, however. Only issue was the group project being a large portion of the grade (15 page paper and presentation)
3.5 : Very easy class, to the point where you don't have to actually learn the material in order to pass. Like most economics classes in I&amp;S, it's political science masquerading as an economics class.
5.0 : You just have to talk to her if you have questions and she will take as much time as needed to clear things up. Always willing to help us understand the material better so that we can succeed.  She's super friendly and approachable. I hope she will be able to stay here at UWT for a while :)
4.5 : I really appreciated all her efforts and look forward to classes with Professor Nandi in the future. Im also extremely grateful for all the powerpoint slides that she put up on canvas as I was traveling a lot and so it was very very helpful.
4.0 : Povided in depth power points and study notes. They helped me out a lot this quarter. Working while going to school wasn't easy but I really enjoy this subject and it was very interesting to learn more and more seriously.
4.5 : I've taken econ in high school &amp; definitely feel that Dr Nandi's class has helped me grow a lot! She answered all my questions and her feedback helped make the class overall more helpful. This was my 2nd lecture class as a freshman and I felt that this winter quarter was a much better experience compared to fall quarter with another econ lecturer.
4.5 : Definitely my favorite professor this quarter:) Completely blown away by the material and presentation. It was eye opening and I'm forever changed by what I learned in Dr Nandi's class. I had no real idea about world poverty and living conditions and this class exposed me to reality from a place of understanding and compassion. Highly recommend!
5.0 : I enjoyed her style of teaching, but even more than that I appreciated her kindness throughout the quarter. I had several challenges at work and at home and Prof Nandi continuously adapted and supported me so that I passed with a good grade. She's unbelievable. I am very very grateful that she was both a professor and a friend.
4.0 : This class was wonderful because it not only opened my mind up to more complex problems within the world, but allowed me to use economic reasoning to better understand and look at issues.  She did a good job covering a wide range of topics in a short amount of time. I feel like this class has inspired me to be a better human and world citizen.
5.0 : I thought I knew about the severity of poverty around the globe. This class has opened my mind to worldly conditions I didnt even know existed. I have gained from other courses, but this class has impacted my perception on life itself. This class has taught me to become more appreciative for the life that I was given.
5.0 : Can't find one thing I didn't like about the Poverty course. The expectations were clear, the material was interesting and the Prof allowed us to write about issues with creative and intellectual freedom. Totally different from yourtypical econ courses, you will leave with a sense of amazement that you were clueless about so many issues for so long
5.0 : This was such an enlightening  and motivational class. I gained a lot of knowledge on many issues. I loved the class because it was based on reality and empirical data as opposed theory like majority of other classes in econ. Ive had a shift in perspective, and more than anything, I have thirst to do something to help others less fortunate!Thanks!
5.0 : This course has really change my life. It has opened my eyes towards what is going on in the world. I dont want to live my life shielded. I want to make an impact and this class has helped me go beyond my horizons to see what is really going on, and what needs to be changed.I didnt think that the class would have that effect on me, highly recommd
5.0 : It is a very educational class. I think the instructor is awesome and does a very good job teaching the material. She is always available to answer questions and her expectations are clear.
5.0 : Prof allows students to constructively participate and contribute to their personal academic development and knowledge. Believes in a hands on approach by involving students in discussions and allowing self-expression in classroom discussion versus a situation where certain professors expect you to just reproduce information from text. Learned alot
5.0 : Well organized! no reason any student should have any problems whatsoever with this class. EVERYTHING that is needed to pass this class is taught, handed out, and reinforced. Additional help is offered for those who still may need a little help. It is an easy, commonsense class. she's gone well beyond her requirements of teaching this class.
5.0 : Prof Nandi has been the most impactful professor I've ever had in the sense that she presented real world scenarios through documentariesvideos that applied theory and illustrated the proscons etc. Her approach is very politically unbiased which is rare and wonderful. Nandi contributes a lot to the UW community &amp;she should stay.
2.0 : I wouldn't take her class again.
5.0 : Really enjoyed this class, Professor Nandi was so amazing with giving me second chances to submit assignments.. It was a really stressful semester for me for family reasons and Prof Nandi gave me multiple opportunities to get a good grade. Couldn't ask for a better instructor.
4.5 : Her class was highly inspiring. If you have any concerns about the class, hws or grades, you should consult it about her. She will be more than generous to answer and try to solve your concerns with you. She will be always there for you. I will take her class again.
5.0 : He's really good at this. He made sections worthwhile and was really enjoyable to be in discussion with. Definitely one of the highlight Professor/TAs at UW.
5.0 : Section was great, really broke down topics in lecture and gave clear examples/descriptions.
5.0 : He is very intelligent and will demand a lot from you. I learned more in section than I did in lecture.
3.5 : Lecture and readings are interesting however, the professor repeats herself numerous times throughout lecture. The readings are numerous but manageable. This is an intro class so you go through many topics very fast and not very thoroughly. There are a couple of papers graded by TA and one final exam that pretty much determines your entire grade.
5.0 : She is an interesting lady! Even though this class was at 8:30am I was always really excited to listen to what she had to say. This class has such interesting content. I highly recommend anyone studying in a health related field (pre-med, pre-nursing, public health, ect.) to take this course with her.
5.0 : Professor van Eijk is a very progressive instructor. She is open minded and a genuine free spirit. Be prepared to read a lot! There were two fact sheet assignments, two mid sized papers (6 pages), a presentation on a section on class readings, and attendance is mandatory. She expects class students to OVER participate in classdiscussions for an A.
4.0 : Dr. van Eijk is a great professor. One of the best I've had at UW, and by far my favorite. Everyone I know who has had her ends up taking more than 1 of her classes. She does offer an extra credit option to raise your grade by .1 at the end of the quarter, but it is one that requires a lot of effort.
3.5 : Dr. Van Eijk is awesome! Medical anthropology was fantastic, all the readings were fascinating and I found myself always wanting more to read. In terms of classwork, very few short essays and the tests are easy if you pay attention in lecture, reading quizzes once a week. Definitely take it if you're interested in culture and medicine!
3.5 : Dr. Van Eijk's lectures are comprehensive, informative, and interesting. She puts them online, but if you skip you'll miss essential info. Get ready for what some people would consider lots of reading; read your documents and go to class, and you'll do fine on weekly tests. All grading is done by TA's.
5.0 : Favorite class and best professor I've ever had. This class is completely unrelated to my major but I enjoyed it so much. 1 midterm, 2 papers (not long), and 1 final. Weekly quizzes (I recommend doing these with a classmate). Reading is not mandatory to pass, but will definitely help increase your grade from a 3.2 to 4.0
5.0 : Great professor. Heavy reading load, but she summarizes very well. Only skimming neccissary if you know how to college. Go see her during office hours. She's great, and you will do well if you try.
4.0 : Easy class. If you're good at BSing during discussion you can get away with not doing the readings (there's a lot and they're long), although the readings are pretty interesting. She's a very easy grader, her highest grades are 100 and her lowest are 90. You can coast through the class if you want but you'll learn a lot if you put in the effort.
5.0 : Best TA I've had at UW. He gives great feedback, and quiz sections are extremely relevant to course material, yet he usually lets the class pick the topic. You don't want to miss a day of section, though.
4.5 : Randy is definitely my favorite TA I've had at UW. He is interesting, fun, and relateable, and is really one of the only nice TAs i've had that was never pandering, or not willing to provide criticism for the sake of making people like him. If you want to take a class that will change your perspective on global politics, Randy's your guy!
4.5 : Randy was an excellent TA, one of the best I have had.  He had a great balance of lecture and group discussion.  He was always clear, easy to understand and willing to explain as many times as necessary. Make sure to complete readings and come to class.  Only complaints: slow grading turn around time, and unresponsive to emails.
5.0 : Randy is one of the best TAs within the Jackson School and consistently works to provide a fantastic experience to counteract a rather chaotic and incompetent lecturer.   The quiz sections are created for the purpose of probing one's initial own style of learning and basis of knowledge.  Randy makes taking JSIS 202 worth the time and effort.
5.0 : Randy is awesome. Super personable and relates the material in lecture to things that are actually applicable in the Jackson School. He makes quiz sections really interesting, is super approachable and knowledgeable, and genuinely likable. Yay Randy.
4.0 : I believe Randy is one of the best TAs in Jackson School at UW. Although he graded tougher than other TAs in JSIS 202, he gave us deeper understanding of lecture during quiz sections. Not only does he help us understand difficult concepts, he also asks for our opinions and answers. I would definitely take Randy's section again if available.
4.5 : Good at his job. Makes everything very relatable, and easy to understand. I'm very glad he was my TA for this course.
4.5 : Instead of just regurgitating the lectures, he had us give our views and opinions on the topics. I looked forward to this quiz section and the whole class would show up every time (which says a lot because they were on fridays). This quiz section kept me interested in the course. Tough grader though...
4.0 : Randy was an overall good TA who was smart and friendly. He would encourage thoughtful discussions and would provide his own illuminating perspectives on complicated topics. Was a fair grader for the most part, although at times it just seemed like he just briefly skimmed paper and didn't read them. Great overall, would recommend.
4.5 : Class itself was somewhat demaning in workload as far as it not being a STEM course. Randy, the TA, was easy to work with if I needed help. His grading reflects the effort you put in with no surpises. Course itself offered A LOT of extra credit opportunities but getting a 4.0 in the class is literally impossible, even for an introductory class.
4.0 : Prof. Augerot gave a great introduction to the Russian language. He provided many interesting facts about the history of the language. He was very friendly and would explain a concept as much as necessary until the class understood. The notes he wrote on the board got a little wild and were sometimes hard to follow, but he was a great help wspeech
5.0 : He is seriously hilarious. Ive never taken a class that is so useful for everyday life either. It helps me a lot for my major (dealing with sciences and medical terms). Its an easy A if you know how to memorize, he does everything he can to make it easier to connect the dots as well. If your thinking of taking the class, do it!
5.0 : Chad Carver is entertaining, enthusiastic, and clearly loves Greek and Roman literature. He is a very effective teacher. My only gripe is that his political bias clearly comes through when he makes weak analogies regarding past events in Europe and current events in the US. Other than that, I wholeheartedly recommend taking from him.
5.0 : This is class was one of my favorite class that I had at UW so far. The professor was super nice. He tried to make the class fun for students to learn. The only thing is that there are lot of memorization. Other than that, this class was amazing. I would take the class again with this professor!
5.0 : He is the funniest teacher I've ever had. Made my mornings not as dreadful. Fun class, very useful, learned a lot. Take him if you can!!! You will not regret at all. He gives pop quizzes but really lets you know what to study for. Study and you will get a high grade.
4.0 : Most useful class I've ever taken.  You'll learn about 100 words a week.  Class is pure recognition and memorization of Greek and Latin prefixes, bases, and suffixes.  Charles makes the class enjoyable as well with his sense of nerdy humor.
5.0 : Mr. Carver teaches the material in the class enthusiastically, and is very well knowledgeable of the subject. Although the course is sort of difficult in the fact that it is pure memorization, Carver does his best to make sure that students are the learning the material in a  proactive way. Great professor, I would definitely have him again.
5.0 : Great teacher. He is funny and very knowledgable about the subject. He will do some pop quizzes but those are easy if you study, really easy class but you have to do a lot of memorization. I would highly recommend to take him.
5.0 : Excellent! Great lectures! Very good about answering questions. I saw some of the feedback from students when he was at another school which concerned me. After taking his class, I felt that the feed was not accurate at all. Very approachable, always pleasant. I can't say enough good things about him. However, he is tough and has high expectations.
5.0 : Dr. Raj is one of the best professor  i encounter in UWT. He is well organized and need you to learn something in his class. Funny and knowledgeable as well.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. Very approachable. Very clear lectures. He is far the best professor I have had at UW Tacoma. Very Flexible on assignment due dates if you don't abuse him on it. I would highly recommend him.
4.0 : Dr. Katti's lectures are very informative and he clearly demonstrates how the content he teaches can be utilized and manipulated to work to your advantage as a computer engineer with detailed examples. The final was relatively easy and the projects weren't difficult. He is very funny and approachable. Would recommend.
2.5 : Professor Katti obviously know what he's talking about, but he moves through content so dang fast that it's hard to keep up. Part of it can be attributed to the course being a single credit class. I will be taking other classes from him in the future and am a little nervous now. Can sound rude and arrogant at times. Willing to help on assignments.
4.0 : Dr. Katti is definitely well-versed in the field of Computer Engineering. This was a 1-credit class which only convened once a week. I felt like this forced him to rush the material a little bit. I wants to over prepare students for the future, which is something I like, but some may not enjoy. Will be taking his classes in the future.
4.5 : He requires you to learn. Simple as that.
3.5 : He grades pretty fairly but comes off rude in his test notes. If you get something wrong he likes to leave you a say "gosh, no!" Or "certainly not" which can come off mean when you retread you test. I think he means to be helpful in letting you know your really missed the mark but it comes or a rude. Didn't appreciate his "helpful" comments
5.0 : Very laid back and genuinely wants to help
4.5 : I had Tommy for German 103. He's super helpful, and mostly clear if you pay attention. Like any language course, you have to carry your own weight, and participate openly in class. Pay attention to the feedback on tests and essays. He seems to really care about his students' success. He's super cute too.
5.0 : Tommy is the absolute best German instructor ever. He shows so much passion for the language. His enthusiasm to share his knowledge with his students is extremely inspiring. In fact, he is one of the main reasons why I want to continue learning German. His way of teaching German is extremely effective; you learn to speak German, not memorize it.
4.0 : Simon does a good job of explaining things and has plenty of office hours. The course is a tough one so expect lots of studying!
4.0 : He has a cute blog called "Math and Hats". He wear different hats during each lecture, but his handwriting is extremely confusing(hard to read). This course is good except tough exams.
4.5 : Simon is a great instructor who has reasonable tests and interesting, never boring lectures, so it is never hard to not go to class. Also, the hats he wears to lectures are awesome.
5.0 : If you have the chance to take math with Robin, please do so. She made the class really enjoyable and learning calculus was really easy because of her amazing lectures and will always prepare you for exams. Robin also doesn't mark off points for Algebra mistakes since this is a calculus class and it is one of my favourite things she does!
5.0 : She is by far the best math teacher I have ever had.  You can tell she cares so much about students and the amount of overtime hours she did to help me and my group of friends was just amazing.  If you really just work hard in this class you will be rewarded with a good grade.
5.0 : Seriously the best math teacher at UWB.  She makes learning fun and gets straight to the point. She actually has a personality and makes an effort to connect with you the help  you succeed in the course. Unlike the other teachers, she doesn't dock you down for silly things (late homework, etc.) Be honest and respectful to her and she will dothesame
4.5 : I took her class twice. Once for college Algebra (or Math 122 I think) and then again for Calc 1. As my first professor she was one of the best I have ever had. In high school I sucked at math. Now because of Robin, it is now my favorite subject. She shows application, and she is funny as heck. She is always willing to help any student! TAKE HER!
5.0 : I've had her for two classes so far and have loved her both times. She makes learning feel easy and natural. I didn't feel like her classes were overly hard, not because the material was easy, but because of how great a teacher she is. I would seriously recommend taking her class.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor you will ever take. She is already clear in class about the material, but is more than willing to help outside of class. She is so wise and smart. Just take her class.
5.0 : Dr. Angotti is an incredible professor. You will not regret taking any of her classes, she is understanding of the common issues students may come across and she adjusts her class or grading accordingly. I would have every class taught by her if possible, however sadly she does not teach every class.
5.0 : Best professor I have every had. If you show up to class and apply yourself.  Professor Angotti will do her best to help you understand the concepts. Extremely clear when explaining new topics and will break it down as much needed to get you to understand.
5.0 : Good class. Very informative on evolution of war, making it apply way beyond warfare. Don't let the title scare you. Tough but fair grading I thought. Transparent. A lot of writing, a lot of presenting.
4.5 : Answers questions with questions. Extensive use of bear jokes will help grade. Everything is on a spectrum.
5.0 : Professor Hodge is excellent to work with in a one on one setting and he's able to directly engage with music by looking at a score, solely listening, and even discussing music merely through concept. In a group or lecture setting he advocates student contribution and gives credit to those who take initiative. An outstanding composer and professor.
3.0 : He is a passionate professor, however he expects you already know everything before coming to class. His lectures always have nothing to do with homework and you have to read the textbook and learn everything you need on Google.
4.5 : Prof. Hodge is overall pretty awesome.  You have to work hard in his classes but it's totally worth it, he's a great lecturer.
4.0 : One big group project at the end of the quarter. He has you listen to podcasts which were awesome and resulted in awesome in class discussions. An overall great class and as an added bonus, he sounds like Seth Rogen when he's sick. lol
5.0 : I know nothing about animals or anything related to this class and so I was worried about how I'd do, but after I took this class I learned a lot and the prof is REALLY nice and willing to answer any questions you have! There's a bit of homework but it's not hard at all. There are two exams and an outreach project. Be prepared to take notes!
3.5 : No tests but your grade is focused on an extremely long research paper and homework questions each night. Participation isn't very important but he like group workprojects. I would say he's a keen and strict grader.
5.0 : Most of the class period was dedicated to powerpoint lectures and he goes through them pretty fast so be prepared to take notes. He encourages great class discussion and all of the assignments and tests were very straightforward. He occasionally gives extra credit opportunities. The other reviews don't lie, he does sound like Seth Rogen!
4.0 : He is a good professor, easy going, wants students to succeed.
5.0 : Dr. Davis is amazing. Hi cares about his students and his lectures are great. He is one of the best professors I have ever had. He is inspirational and a truly great scientist.
5.0 : Great professor, very informative lectures and he has in class questions which are graded electronically. This actually benefits the class as a whole because he can see when the class isn't grasping a topic and he can clarify it right then and there.  The online portion was kind of a pain, but the idea is that it helps drive the main points home.
4.5 : Professor Davis's lectures are well put together and easy to follow. He is great at explaining the concepts and encourages group discussion in class which further cements the ideas. He is personable, well spoken, and it is clear that he is passionate about the material making the class more engaging. He allows computers to be used during class.
5.0 : Excellent professor. His lectures are engaging and very clear.
5.0 : Dr. McLoud is great, her lectures are comprehensive and clear enough that I hardly had to read the book (in a way, I actually preferred the lecture notes, because they developed the covered topics naturally).
3.5 : There is a short homework assignment due every class (twice per week), which I really liked. There are two midterms and a final. I recommend spending quality time on the homework, and go back and do every single assignment again to study for the exams. The material is difficult, but Dr. McLoud is great, and doesn't make it harder than necessary.
5.0 : She is amazing! She would help you with the homework during the office hour, so go ask her if you are not sure about the hw. Tests are not hard if you do your work and go to class, but no cheat sheet and no curve. She will put notes online. DEFINITELY WOULD TAKE AGAIN!!!
5.0 : This teacher will give you your money's worth. Truly convenient office hours. Direct teaching style with a minimum of fuss. Funny at times.
4.0 : Professor McLoud-Mann is very straightforward. There is no way you don't pass this class with a higher-than-average grade if you show up and do the homework. She gets straight to the point and does examples in class that are easy to understand. Has office hours as well. Exams test you on the bare basics of the material. Highly recommended.
4.5 : She is brilliant and holds students to a high standard. Pure math classes require a high level of involvement in the material to succeed. She doesn't curve the way other rigorous teachers do. If you keep up with the material and fully understand it, you will do fine, which is easier said than done. Fall behind or miss details and you won't pass.
5.0 : When you take Professor McLoud, you get clear, to the point lectures which tend not to deviate from a lesson plan rooted firmly in topic material, providing handouts. She gives flexible office hours where she would give me intuitive explanations of parts I was hazy on. Professor McLoud is a first class instructor and a brilliant mathematician.
4.0 : Amazing professor! Super energized and funny, and really likes accounting! Also, very helpful and generous for partial credit. Exams are tough, but that's because accounting is just hard. Definitely take 301 with Terrence!
5.0 : Professor Blackburne is an amazing professor! He really does care if you learn and is eager to give more examples if you don't understand. His office hours are helpful, and his lectures are informative enough that reading isn't entirely necessary.
4.5 : Good professor. Lectures are interesting (for accounting), and Blackburne seems to take a genuine interest in his students. Even though the class was a bit disorganized he's relatively new. I think he'll only get better over time. Overall I'd highly recommend this class.
2.5 : Professor Blackburne is extremely cocky and quite arrogant. He talks about his white house job and how he quit to learn accounting. His lectures are quite dull, requiring you to bring printouts every class. He doesn't upload a single assignment grade online, so it's difficult to gauge how you're doing in the class. If possible, avoid this prof!
1.0 : This was my first UW professor after transferring from CC and could not believe the drop in teaching ability and quality - very disappointing. Multiple lessons were spent fixing mistakes of prior lessons. "I'm not an accountant" was used dozens of times. Office hours? Right.  Switched majors after this course and thank god every night for it.
5.0 : Professor Blackburne did a great job navigating through the material. My only regret was not going to office hours earlier in the quarter. Although the course is difficult, he is very helpful and enthusiastic about teaching. Make sure to do all the suggested homework problems THROUGHOUT the quarter. Also purchase the hard copy book and coursepack!
5.0 : Terrence is one of my favorite professors at the UW! He was very engaged in his teaching and guides you through problems. He is more then happy to help you if you need extra help, and he really appreciates class participation. Whatever you do, make sure you participate in his class!
2.5 : He was a pretty average professor. When a student asked a question and he did not know the answer, he would make the excuse that he is "not an accountant, I'm a financial economist" which was annoying. He is a newer professor and his class was very disorganized. He isn't the worst teacher, but he definitely doesn't deserve such a high rating
5.0 : Blackburne is one of my favorite professors that I have had at UW. He is very knowledgeable and super approachable outside of the classroom, always eager to talk about real-world accounting. The class may be one of the more difficult, as it is a "weed out" class; however, if you put in the time to read and engage in the work, Terry is great.
5.0 : Midterm, two group cases, one writing assignment, and final exam. Go to class! You don't need to read the textbook because his lectures are enough for what you need to know to prepare for the midterm and final. Do ALL the suggested hw problems because his exam questions are very similar to the hw questions.
5.0 : Terrence is a good lecturer. I learned a lot. You do need to spend considerable time at home doing problems to succeed. Pre-read the chapters and do all of the suggested problems to get a 4.0.
5.0 : Easygoing and approachable. His lectures were clear and discussions were fun. No group project when I took the class. While exams were somewhat challenging (no surprise given it's Foster) , he is VERY generous with his grading. Only complaint is that he never got our assignments back to us, so I had no idea how I was doing. Otherwise good class.
5.0 : she is awesome!! super nice too.
5.0 : Great sensei! She was one of the nicest Japanese TAs I've had, not being overly strict about handwriting and whatnot. That's not to say she was easy, but she was pretty lenient when it came to grading. Always glad to help, she was always excited to teach and work with us if someone was struggling with a topic.
4.5 : Great material and class design. Easy going and interactive.
5.0 : Really easygoing, knowledgeable, fair, and engaging. I would be happy to take many more classes with him.
5.0 : Very helpful and very good at explaining.  Really enjoyed the class that I took with him,
4.5 : I had him for TA, super chill and fun to have!
5.0 : I loved Clayton as my TA. He was always really helpful and explained concepts clearly. He is one of those people who isn't a bore to listen to in class. I recommend signing up for his quiz sections.
4.5 : She is a very helpful professor and she would take the time during her office hour and reteach any concepts you didn't understand. Her lectures are easy to understand and always provide examples for students to understand the topic.
5.0 : Very into his material; knows it very well and engages the class with organized and challenging group discussions. He was constantly available either during frequently held office hours or through email. He is always ready to engage students in philosophical discussions or to clarify material and it is obvious he cares.
5.0 : Conor is easily one of the best professors I had in UW. He is extremely mannered, and very easy to talk to. It is clear that he knows a lot about his subjects, and that he enjoys teaching them. He will probably ask you to do some readings before every lecture, but he will make everything you read clear during it. Oh, he's also hilarious.
5.0 : Conor knows how to lead a discussion such that no one hogs the time but also no one feels that he had something more to say. He gives a reading assignment for every class with follow-up questions that you need to submit. Very knowledgeable in his subject and generally intellectually appealing. He's is great as a prof' and on a personal level. TAKE!
5.0 : He's a really great professor and gives you a lot of time to complete course work. All course materials were online, and chapter quizzes were due any time a week after the material was covered in lecture. Derivations can be a bit difficult, but Conor, along with the TAs, provide the extra support needed to succeed. I would recommend to anyone.
5.0 : Conor is by far the best professor at UW! He's a new professor, but he's very knowledgeable and makes philosophy actually fun. The grading scale is amazing and he really does set up the class for you to succeed. He's really outgoing and easy to talk to. I'm actually really sad this class is going to end in a week! He cares a lot about his students.
3.0 : Conor means well but doesn't know how to teach sry.
4.0 : Dr. Mayo-Wilson really wants students to succeed. This usually means review for the first 5-15 minutes of lecture of past concepts pretty often, which can get a bit dull. That said, he does a pretty good job of explaining logic constructs. Quizzes and midterms are really easy - they're all online through the textbook.
4.0 : -He's really nice -I thought the class was pretty cool, content-wise -The textbook was awful and he wasn't quite good enough at lecturing to make up for it. He's like... average at lecturing. Maybe a little above average.  -It's really easy to get a good grade if you put in the work, but the material itself isn't that easy
4.0 : Conor is probably one of the nicest professors I've ever had at UW. Very friendly and cares a lot about making sure his students understand the material. Most of the material was online and didn't really do a great job of teaching. Conor's lectures are alright at teaching the material, sometimes can be a little boring.
4.0 : The class is good, the material was not what I expected. I was expecting it to be a little less technical than it was, but it wasn't hard. In the lectures he would be hard to understand at times. In an effort to be a correct as possible he would get lost in translation and kind of drone on and I couldn't help but to tune him out. I would take again
5.0 : Conor is a new professor at the University of Washington, and he had big shoes to fill (After Professor Manchak went to UC Irvine).  Conor totally filled those shoes. Conor had office hours constantly, and he was able to clarify my confusion on a consistent basis. He also kept epistemology fun, and he added his own Mathematical interpretations. A++
5.0 : He is very inspirational. He gives a good feedback and his lecture is interesting. It makes you want to know the subject even more. Overall, love this guy!
3.0 : Can't say I learned much in this class. Professor is nice, but since we didn't have class half the time, you don't really get to know him. Class mainly consists of labs and papers. Overall, it's an okay class - however, if you actually want to learn something, I suggest taking another class.
4.0 : Good lectures, though he does not know how to pace the lectures, rushes through materials at the end. Great guy also, really cares about his students, holds review session before every test. Tests are fair but are really long.
4.0 : Prof. Goldman has really clear and organized lectures (I learn best with a structured schedule). He talks pretty fast sometimes, but he does have a lot of material to cover! He's a very awkward and punny kind of funny. It's refreshing for such a long class. I never touched the textbook and studied by doing practice exams and quizzes and got a 4.0!
5.0 : I love larry. He is my favorite professor at UW. He is never stumped and annoyed when students ask questions during lecture. Im not even a biology major anymore and im taking the second part of the OChem series just so i can have Larry as a professor again. His tests are not hard at all.
5.0 : Goldman is a really likable guy. Ochem is hard, that's a given, but he tries to be as accessible to students as he can. He gives a lot of examples, is open to working student questions and examples during lecture, and offers test review. He cracks a lot of dad-style jokes and his lectures are enjoyable. As good as chemistry gets.
2.5 : Reads directly off the slides so lectures aren't very helpful. He can be kind of cheesy, but mostly awkward. His practice tests are nothing like the real tests. Make sure you know the pre and post lab questions. Otherwise the class is pretty straightforward.
5.0 : best chem prof I've had at UW. after suffering through terrible gen chem profs, he actually made me enjoy chem and made ocher much more understandable + manageable. i enjoyed lecture; he cracks bad jokes + legitimately wants you to learn + knows his stuff-- ask him anything and he'll know it. 224 is also easier than 223  if you know how to study.
4.0 : The final was ridiculously long compared to the practice final, avg was low for a non-curving class. He is nice overall and tends to answer email really fast (maybe within one hour or two), so that's a plus plus about this class.
5.0 : Best professor I have had at UW! He is extremely clear, encourages questions, and always makes himself available. I had full confidence in his knowledge of the material and felt comfortable asking questions (I did this through canvas and got a response within the same day.) The course average is generally very high. Makes lectures enjoyable. :)
1.0 : Terrible Professor, he is lazy, slides are directly from the book.  He adds nothing to the class you are better off not going to lecture.  Does not care about student learning.  Interrupts exams to ask if people are there.  The safety quizzes are bull, and SDS pages are crap.  Wish there was another option when I came to ochem labs.
2.0 : This rating is only for 241. Lectures aren't really that helpful, but he gives an idea of what we should expect and do in the lab. He makes safety quizzes that are meant to trick students, a lot of the question choices are borderline correct/wrong which there really is no way to figure it out. Beware of the final exam, and it's not curved.
3.5 : Test is really long and hard compared to class. Really low average grade for the class.
3.0 : Larry's a nice guy, pretty likeable and awkward. Tests are long and hard (NMRs for days), and there is a curve on the class but nowhere near as good as other teachers. You'd get a much better grade in a different class - but if you do take Larry always do the textbook review problems, there will be one question verbatim on the exam
4.0 : The lecture slides are well put together but he just reads them, or skips through them really fast as he summarizes. Not the fastest speaker but goes very fast to cover a lot of material. No real reason to come to lecture besides him having a nice voice that makes lectures more enjoyable in person than on Panopto. Watch out for final.
4.0 : Even though Goldman is not a very good lecturer (he's way too fast), I took 4 classes with him (238-239, 241-242) because he's a very dedicated professor who would give you extra help if you ask for. His exams are surely long and can be tricky, however, unlike other professors, he would give you hints on the exam how to tackle the problems.
5.0 : I took his class for CHEM 237 the first of the organic chemistry at UW and it was an awesome experience.   The professor Goldman is very enthusiastic about teaching and making sure that the students know the concepts needed for exams.  The whole class is non-curving, however, he changes curve accordingly and I was able to pull off 4.0.
5.0 : Dr. Goldman is a great professor. Everything about his class (exams, quizzes, final, etc.) was 100% fair. The practice exams were a lot like the real exams and the averages were fairly high for an ochem class (around 75%).  He really likes conceptual questions and mechanisms but highly emphasizes the things he deems important in class.
3.0 : Larry knows his stuff, but does the bare minimum to teach you: he reads off his lecture slides verbatim (the manual/TA provide better context and info), he does ask Q's in lecture, asked questions yield patronizing responses. Make sure to study for the final early and befriend your TA. Also, figure out gradescope, it gave a lot of people trouble.
5.0 : He was so interested in what we taught and was very funny. The labs were actually super easy, and don't be afraid of the unknown lab, it turned out to be a lot of students fave. The final was a bit tough but you only really need to understand why you add stuff so if you understand the science behind the labs, you'll do fine!
5.0 : best gen chem lecture in uw!
4.5 : He is a fantastic chemistry professor, his analogies for complex OCHEM concepts really helped me comprehend a subject that is not my strong suite. I would recommend him to any student interested in taking a chance with OCHEM!
5.0 : Very good teacher, explains topics in lecture very well. He never gets annoyed at questions and answers them clearly and in a different way than was presented in lecture. Group quizzes were great to understand different ways of going about problems. Tests are hard, but here gives partial credit and questions are fair.
5.0 : Best Chemistry professor I've ever had. His lectures are very easy to follow and will always offer alternate explanations if you ask. 2 midterms, 1 final, weekly group quizzes in quiz section. Homework is really easy to get 100% in because you get 10 tries per question and no points are deducted (other chem profs do this for Sapling).
5.0 : Larry is the man. He cracks bad (good) puns and makes his lectures thoroughly enjoyable. Since the class is somewhat informal he is quick to answer any questions you may have at any given time during lecture, which is impressive.  Group worksheets (not graded) are atrociously difficult, but group quizzes are fair and help immensely. TAKE THIS CLASS
5.0 : Goldman is a great professor, he goes out of his way to give students online review sessions in the weekend prior to the midterms. There are a lot of practice homework, exams, etc. available to help you pass the class. Go take this class.
5.0 : Very fair professor. His tests always covered material that was discussed in lecture. Slides were well organized and there was a clear order to the concepts being presented. Ochem is generally seen as a relatively tough class, but professor Goldman did his best to make it accessible and interesting to his students. Would definitely recommend.
4.5 : Dr. Goldman is one of the best Chem professors I've had at UW. He's clearly VERY intelligent. Gives great explanations, is very approachable, and makes some fun awkward jokes. Exams are pretty tough, but hey, its Ochem. Still fair and doable (except for the second midterm, which he admits he made too long, but he adjusted the curve accordingly).
5.0 : He is the best chemistry teacher I have ever had. He takes time to organize this slides so that everything goes smoothly. The people who are complaining probably didn't realize that ochem is a hard class. I do agree that the weighting of the final was too much.
4.0 : Definitely need to stay on top of the material and ask a lot of questions during office hours. If you do all of the practice problems and exams and come to office hours regularly, the class is not as difficult as it may seem. His exams always have small hints and clues to the answers too. Interested about the subject even though he talks fast.
4.5 : Matt is a really cool guy. He works at Intel and teaches part time so he definitely knows his stuff. Projects are fun if you enjoy assembly language.  Would take anther class from him.
5.0 : Awesome is the word
5.0 : Matthew is really an awesome lecturer. His architecture knowledge is through the roof. If you actually care how a processor works, pay attention and you will walk out knowing. His projects are not unreasonable, very fair guy and the best part is he is always willing to talk to you with whatever help you need. He should teach more courses imo.
4.5 : Matt is a very cool guy. He does not care about deadlines as long as you finish it. His projects are tough but it is extremely interesting. I learnt a lot from his class especially from group projects. I would take his class again sometime in the future.
5.0 : Matt is a rare gem in UW Tacoma. He has all the credentials and broad knowledge in his field and he knows how to transfer that tho his students. He appreciate efforts, and he knows how to assign an interesting project that useful in the real world. Definitely would love to take his other class in the future.
5.0 : with Matt, study became so easy! he explains everything crystal clean!! love the class so much!
5.0 : He's awesome.
3.0 : He is a nice person and when he does bother to stay on subject he is an effective instructor. His grading scheme varies wildly and sometimes it seems like he just randomly assigns a grade. Does not really give clear grading criterion for any assignments. Goes off on tangents often so make sure to snap him out of it when he does.
5.0 : Dr. Tolentino is a very knowledgeable engineer. He has a lot of experience in the field and understands the core principles that students must master to be effective engineers. I enjoyed his lectures and felt that each one was valuable and very informative. He's not a timely grader, however, but that seems to be the only downside. Would recommend.
4.0 : Is excited about the subject but can get distracted by questions and go off on tangents.  Also, takes forever to grade assignments.  We had to turn in our third project before we received grades for the first one (and all three built off of each other).  He took that into account in his grading, though.
4.0 : Matt is one of the best profs to take Applied Distributed Computing with. Best thing is less work pressure with more learning. He was very easy with tests and grades.
4.5 : He moves very quickly in lecture, but is very clear. There is a ton of material he needs to cover, and he does so very well. Homeworks are the hardest part, by far, weekly quizzes are pretty easy and can help boost  your grade. Sharpe is an amazing lecturer and super helpful; he clearly cares that his students learn.
4.5 : A very difficult class made bearable by a wonderful professor. One of the few professors in the physics department that I can truthfully say I really like.
3.5 : Dr. Sharpe really knows his stuff.  I have nothing against his teaching style - it was really good.  This content was extremely difficult.  You learn in ten weeks everything with ODE's, including series solutions, complex integrals, betagamma functions, and it all ends with PDE's in curvilinear coordinates.  He makes it easier, but it is not easy.
3.0 : This is an intro physics course at UW so of course it's tough, unless you've covered the material before or are good at physics.  But Prof. Sharpe does an excellent job at explaining the material and is one of the better intro physics teachers at UW.
5.0 : Fantastic teacher. He gave me a deeper respect for math. Lectures are fast paced and it's easy to fall behind in the class if you don't keep up, though he's very good at answering questions and he clearly cares. Homeworks and tests are challenging but fair. One of the harder classes I've taken, but one of my favorites.
5.0 : AMAZING PROFESSOR!
5.0 : The class is very boring, but Commander Maxwell makes it as good as it can get. He keeps a boring subject some what interesting.
5.0 : BERG IS GOOODDD. I LOVE HIM.
5.0 : 50 years as a professor in this program, highly respected. take his notes carefully, its better than textbook, you can use it in the future hw and exam are not easy but if you do your job and think and use the notes youll be fine
3.5 : Definitely good if you're a little interested in the subject but don't want to put a crazy amount of work in.
4.5 : Ungsan was a great TA.  He was really friendly and put in extra effort to help his students.  Essays he grades have comprehensive and very helpful feedback.  When students started struggling on quizzes, he reached out and put extra effort to help us succeed.  I had him for C LIT 272 (Martial Arts Film).
4.5 : Ungsan was an awesome TA! He was more than helpful during his sections. Although our class met once a week, he was more than willing to meet outside of class. He really engaged the class in discussion and overall made the classroom an intellectual and friendly environment. Most importantly, he is extremely nice and cares about every student.
4.0 : Ungsan is a guy who definitely cares about his students, but he can be a little condescending and narrow minded at times. He teaches things very well, grades very fairly, and takes effort into consideration. He is different from other 111 professors in that he gives quizzes, but they're relatively straightforward, and he curves your grades.
4.5 : English 111 with Ungsan was by far my easiest class at UW. If you participate in class discussions and ask him to read your essays before the portfolios are due, you'll get a very high grade in his class
5.0 : Really sweet and understanding guy. It's also a fun class
4.5 : Professor Kim loves to engage his students in class and often leads interestingthoughtful group discussions. Just make sure you pay close attention in class and contribute to conversations actively if you want to get a good grade from him or if you just want to make class more enjoyable.
3.0 : I enjoyed the class and learned a lot about speech disorders. The tests were tricky, and not really focused on speech disorders so much as the tedious things about neurology. There were also two essay assignments that were pretty harshly graded. Overall, a decent class if you work hard.
5.0 : Mike Burns is by far my absolute favorite teacher at UW. He made learning acquired disorders  the most interesting topic on earth. His lectures are clean cut and easy to follow. His tests (and test prep) are straightforward. He is clear about what he expects of you. 10/10 would recommend!
5.0 : He's not an easy teacher and this is not an easy class, but everyone raves about how he's one of their favorite professors-- including me! He's clear and genuinely want's his students to do well.
5.0 : Dr. Burns is very clear on his expectations and his explanations are fantastic. His tests require slot of memorization.
5.0 : Professor Burns is able to make a class that would be otherwise dull an actually interesting experience. He is accessible outside of class time and the layout of the class and what is expected is very easy to understand. Studying is definitely an important part of this class, but he gives more than enough resources to be able to do well.
5.0 : Learned so much about acquired speech and language disorders! However, it was a lot of material to learn and the tests were tough! Definitely a lot of studying involved. However, he keeps class lectures interesting and wants you to learn! Great professor and would take a class with him again.
5.0 : Erin is the best TA at UW.   I don't typically like TAs; however, Erin was exceptional. She was incredibly helpful, and made Statistics much easier than anticipated.  She clearly enjoys what she is doing and wants her students to learn.
5.0 : Really enjoyed Env H 452 with Scott. I liked that class was a mixture of lectures and small group discussions. I would take another one of his classes again.
5.0 : This class is very easy if you pay attention to the lectures and don't mind group presentations. There is 1 midterm and a final, 3 group presentations and 3 group discussions. Burbacher is  incredibly nice and really enjoys teaching. This is an intro level class so minimal work is needed to pass. No textbook used
4.0 : Gives very clear and informative lectures and is always concerned about us receiving feedback on our work. The workload is very manageable and Thomas can be quite lenient with turn in dates if problems arise. An enjoyable 3 credit class!
4.5 : He is a very nice professor, and wants all of his students to do well and understand the problems in the environment, and to dig deeper. He expects the grading criteria to be followed for powerpoint and short papers, but other than that, it's an EASY A.
2.5 : If you want to succeed in this class, just focus on getting good grades on your presentations and midterms. Also he's kinda boring so you might get tired listening to voice, but he uploads all of his presentations online, so coming to class isn't required. Overall, if you try in this class you will pass this class and there's noTextbook :)
3.0 : The class is somewhat disorganized, but the course content was interesting. I suspect that in future quarters there will be more organization. Professor Burbacher is nice and cares about the students. Overall the class is good!
5.0 : He is smart and if you keep attending you will be fine. Accounting is hard but Hyung is trying to give students as much help as they need. If you are taking accounting for the first time of your life, take his class.
4.5 : I think he is a great teacher. It was his first year teaching and he makes sure to have everyone up to pace. He clarifies everything you don't understand. Sometimes he speaks nonsense but it is hilarious. I think he uses time efficiently and the tests are short but worth a lot. As long as you understand the material from the HW then you are good.
5.0 : This was his first time teaching and i think he did great. He makes sure to clarify everything you don't understand and tries to have everyone in class up to pace. He sometimes speaks nonsense but it is hilarious. He is a lenient grader. His tests are short but worth a lot question. As long as you understand the HW from the book you will be okay.
5.0 : He is amazing teacher!!!!! hope he will teach 211 tooo
5.0 : Love love this professor! Must take!
4.0 : He is such a great professor, uses any tactics he can to make sure students clearly understand the material. As long as you put in the effort, it's very easy to understand. Tests are all contrived of the homework he assigns which directly correlates to what he teaches that day.
3.0 : I took Financial Accounting as an elective (didn't need it for my major). Would not recommend taking this class unless you really like accounting or it is required. Prof is funny &amp; nice but sometimes his lectures are confusing and not enough examples. I would highly recommend reading the chapters prior to class so you have a basis of understanding.
3.0 : He has a thick Korean accent and can be hard to pay attention sometimes. I had to study extra at home and review so that I could fully understand all the stuff we learned in class.   He is very caring and his lectures are very slow. He tries to get student feedback, which doesn't alway work out but I recommend raising your hand for participation!
5.0 : Professor Oh is a really funny guy! He really goes out of his way to teach his students  and providing funny examples too. He makes the class laugh and his tests / midterms are based off on assignments. As long as you do the assignment then you're fine. You do have to put in a bit of effort for this class. His accent is super sexy too!
5.0 : Amazing professor. Motivational quote, "accounting is fun and exciting". Final is a bit harsh but overall the class is very good.
4.0 : He is very enthusiastic about Accounting and the opportunities that stem from it. Good amount of homework. Tests are pretty hard. But if you go to class and do the homework you will get a good grade as he gives extra credit to mitigate the difficult tests.
3.0 : Professor Oh makes you want to learn accounting by saying its useful and fun and he's pretty helpful and funny. I found this class to be alright, a little challenging. You either get it or you don't but you still have to put effort. Tests are straightforward and everything from lecture but lectures can be long and boring. Final was pretty tough.
4.0 : Best professor I have ever had! He is enthusiastic and helpful. Makes a lot of weird, but funny jokes. Homework will take a good amount of time to finish, but they are great study tools for exams. Exams are quite hard because he likes to push his students to be analytical.
1.0 : Prof. Oh is an okay teacher. He tries to help us but his lecture is boring and he has a strong Korean accent. He stress that accounting is useful and fun to motivate us. He seems like developing his teaching skills yet but he still has some room to improve. I do not recommend his class. He is not horrible but not awesome.
4.5 : A great professor who cares and wants you to understand the basics rather than just memorize them. No reading required because everything on the test in from lecture. If you don't understand something he will explain it as many ways as he can and if you fail it really is because you didn't put any effort into the course. Gives extra credit too!
5.0 : Professor Carolina Toscano was really great to have for Spanish 202. I learned  a lot in her class. She gives really helpful tricks to remember verbs and vocabulary. There is a lot of group activities in class which I believe is indicative of the UW SpanPort department as a whole. I would highly recommend her! Definitely take this class!!
5.0 : She is by far the best lit teacher/professor I've ever had. She clearly understands  that there's no "right way" to write an essay or analyze literature. She seemed like she wanted to see us succeed, and the course material was very interesting. If I have to make one suggestion though, it'd be to get quieter kids more engaged in the class.
5.0 : Professor Ahn expects you to be in class and be active in class discussions. Most of the class is dedicated to open discussions about class topics so if you don't like to participate then don't expect an easy A. There are about 5 pop quizzes over the quarter and if you do the readings you will be fine, and she drops your lowest score.
4.0 : Very nice professor. Would take her classes again for sure. Just stick to the study guides for your tests and pay attention to her lectures and you'll do fine.
5.0 : Dr. Ahn is a very nice professor. She is from South Korea, so she has a little accent but you can understand her clearly. She gives readings from PDF files or the Course Pak. Read them because she will give pop quizzes. Pay attention to lecture because she gives a lot of information. She is very flexible if you miss the class, just give her notice.
5.0 : Dr. Ahn is very sweet and very understanding. She understands if you have other obligations and can't make class. As long as you give her a notice, she will let you make up any in class assignment besides pop quizzes. Even then she lets you drop the lowest score you get on quizzes. Lectures a lot, but explains clearly and likes to answer questions.
5.0 : She is nice professor and knowledgeable. Only thing to do is read the reading, it's less than 10 pages a week. Clear grading criteria.
5.0 : I love her. It was a Honors class so it was more like a seminar course. Some readings were very dense and difficult to read but she explains everything very well. The class discussion was just amazing! I learned a lot from our class discussion. Group presentations and a final research paper.
5.0 : Dr. Ahn is really nice and I really enjoyed her class. It was nice because we had group discussions that were very informative. You do have to come to class to pass but she goes over the readings and if you follow along it should be rather easy.
4.0 : Really good teacher. She cultivates a good atmosphere for meaningful group discussion.  She does have pop quizzes &amp; writing assignments but tends to drop hints on when they will be.  She also has a very strict makeup/ late work policy but lets you drop your lowest quiz grade at the end.
5.0 : He gives you practice midtermsfinal before you actually take it. He puts the exact same questions on the real one but changed the numbers. There's  alot of extra credit on the final. If you did your homework and copied the practice exams onto your note sheet, you should get an A easily. Sadly, I took him WIN 13, don't know if he teaches anymore.
4.5 : Info 200 is a fun class, especially if you are interested in tech. The prof changes pretty much every quarter, but that shouldn't matter too much. The class is in very high demand and you will probably have to waitlist if you are a freshman. Jones' quizzes are hard, a lot of memorization.
5.0 : If it is possible to get past the beauty that is Tr, you will learn more than you imagined in his acting class. He is a working actor (has been on TV and stage) and is a plethora of knowledge. His class is fun, unusual and forces you to open yourself up to others. As a result I have made lifelong friends in this class. Highly recommend it!
5.0 : The best class that I've had at the UW. I not only learned about acting, but I learned about life. He was very inspiring and made me want to show up everyday. Not to mention he's gorgeous! So it makes it better to look at him everyday!
5.0 : It was hard to not stare at him all the time lol I think more students should take him. He seemed to do what I wish my other professors had done. He never talks down to anyone. Did I mention he's great to look at too!
5.0 : Amazing teacher! The best I've had at the UDub! If you get a chance take his class.
3.5 : super funny guy! he had never taught biol 400 before so the course structure was a little confusing BUT really enjoyed him and the class. you pretty much work on a research project/experiment in a group the whole quarter and then present it with a poster at the end. pretty cool.
4.0 : Moon is incredible. He really knows his stuff. But this course has been tough to follow. There's so much info that he wants you to know so it's hard to contain all of the information. Warning: his tests are tough (not rote memorization). He'll have some easy questions and then his "Moon" questions (WAY harder). He meets with study groups though!
3.5 : Five Exams, lowest grade dropped. His questions can be confusing if you're not 100% on the material. He drops major hints about what will be on exam in lecture, so go. There are also clicker questions, but not daily. He's a good teacher, nice guy, and really wants to you learn not just memorize and recite.
4.5 : Great professor and extremely funny. However attention in class is needed. Test are pretty hard. Not just memorizing, but you need to fully understand the concept in order to interpret his difficult questions.
2.0 : worst professor at UW. Exams are horrible and there are no other opportunities for points.
5.0 : Bio 118 with Moon Draper was the best course I've taken in my two years at UW so far. I enjoyed every second of lecture, cried on the last day of class, because the Moon was such a good professor, and I didn't want to end the course. He met with about ten study groups of six people every week for an hour; the man cares SO much. Take this class.
4.5 : Class attendance is a must bc you will need that time to soak in all the information better to listen than frantically write . 4 midterm exams has you drop the lowest score and a final ( like midterm #5).  Tests are difficult but if utilize his office hours(which he has everyday!) and be in study groups that he will meet with you, you do well!:0)
3.0 : Great teacher, but A LOT of information to process. Get ready to write down many notes. For test, he doesn't only want you to memorize, he will post questions that are "out side the box". Only good thing is that he will go to your study groups, if asked, and can meet one-on-one.
3.5 : Moon is a great teacher and person. He dedicates an incredible amount of time to this class and his students - always willing to help and clarify. Very funny guy too! He will give test answers in class, so go. Strict memorization will not get you a passing grade - you must understand the material and be able to apply it to his "Moon Questions".
4.5 : This guy is the best -- THE BEST.  He dedicates almost all of his time outside of class to helping students in study groups and office hours.  His lectures are AMAZING.  I sprained my ankle on the lecture hall stairs, and he offered me and my friend (who helped me get to the health building and stayed with me) a private lecture.  BRILLIANT man.
4.0 : Moon is always there for us. He is really really helpful and funny. He gives really good examples to help us understand materials. But the exams are detailed and you have to memorize and understand everything to get high grade. Be prepared to watch all the videotape after class or before exams.
5.0 : Wonderful professor! The lectures are great, though packed with a lot of information - definitely attend them if you want to pass. Reading the textbook is optional, it isn't particularly helpful anyways. Goes out of his way to help students outside of class - 5 office hours, attends any study group invited to. Will raise grades as much as possible.
5.0 : One of my favorite lecturers at UW. It's clear he knows the material, and is effective in relaying that knowledge in a way that can be absorbed. He's hilarious, and knows how to keep his lectures upbeat and engaging. Tests are tough for sure, and you really can't cram for them. NOT AN EASY PROFESSOR. you get so much out its worth the work
4.5 : Be in class for clickers, they replace a test. 80% of your grade is tests. Theres no homework/textbooks. Moon went to the HUB everyday after class and attended my study group every week to answer questions. Moon cares about his students and his humor kept things interesting. UW would be an amazing place if all the teachers here were like him.
2.5 : Moon is a terrible teacher. He is a great person, but he is a terrible teacher. He should be able to get the content out clearly in his lectures. He is very helpful to people who have time to be on campus, but shouldn't have to go to these study groups to do well. His tests are horrible and the averages are always around a C.
5.0 : Incredible instructor who cares deeply about deep comprehension. He wants us to go out into the world with a few key concepts and ways to think about the world around us, rather than memorizing useless details. Held hundreds of hours of office hours and study groups. Amazing person. I plan to keep in touch for life. Take his class if you can!
3.5 : Moon is the greatest professor I have ever had in college.  He is one of the few that truly care about you succeeding in class.  He provides so many extra office hours, meets with study groups, and will always answer a question through email.  His tests weren't the easiest but the lowest grade gets dropped.  Take him if you can!
2.5 : He should not be spending days  joining study groups -that's excessive. He should teach effectively IN class. He explains things in a FAR more complicated way than necessary. Clicker questions are a joke, not useful, they are questions about names of his cats. His shtick gets old really quickly - SO MANY DRINKING JOKES. Smart guy but awful teacher.
5.0 : Dr. Draper is a great professor. He is very understanding and he genuinely wants us to succeed.  Lectures are a lot of fun and enjoyable. Tests aren't too hard if you study and understand the materials. Last quarter was his first time teaching at the UW and everyone loved him! Highly recommended!
4.0 : Moon is an amazing professor- the first bio teacher I've had who doesn't want you to memorize anything, but instead actually understand and connect concepts. Tests are tough mult. choice-- he drops the lowest out of 5 though so if you ace 1 and do 80ish% on the rest you can still get an A. Attending office hours is a must to get a good grade.
5.0 : Dr Draper is one of the best professors I have every had: in short: (1) cares about learning, not memorization; (2) enthusiasm for the subject is infectious; (3) lecture is not about reading verbatim powerpoint slides, as is apparently the norm for many in other biology/microbiology etc. ; (3) available at all hours; (4) treats students like adults
2.5 : Not worth it at all. Moon's tests are so difficult - My roommates said they didn't even learn some of that stuff until OCHEM, and this is an intro bio class for nonmajors. He's a cool enough guy but does not understand what the people in the class are looking for. No textbook and no homework - which means all clickers and all tests.
3.5 : I'm pre-business.  Moon is very engaging. This class renewed my interest in the sciences. Tests are MC, but don't expect that they will be easy. This is the most I've studied for a class. Sometimes lectures go to fast and are unclear, but go to the HUB sessions and drop into study groups for clarity. Also, go to class for the clicker points. GR 3.9
4.5 : Moon is a great professor and is always willing to meet with you. You definitely have to work for your grade but he is very reasonable and you can drop an exam and replace it with your clicker score which, if you go to class, will most likely be higher than any of your exam scores.
5.0 : Moon is an indescribable professor. Never have I before respected learning as much as I do now. I am a very good student and I take class seriously but I learned. I also put in a lot of time. I recommend going to office hours and really getting to know him. He will teach you more than just bio.
5.0 : Moon is the best professor I have ever had at UW! He is hilarious and cares so much about students being successful, both in the classroom and in life. He is willing to meet any day, in any location to help teach material and holds tons of office hours. The test are tough and you will have to work for your grade, but it is worth it. TAKE THIS CLASS
5.0 : Moon puts his whole life into this class. He meets for 20 hours a week with students outside of class, and is readily available over email. This class will teach you a lot, and it is challenging, but he is so willing to help you, and its all curved so you definitely can do well. MOON IS AWESOME TAKE HIS CLASS
4.5 : Moon is an amazinghilarious person and lecturer, but sometimes the knowledge requirements for tests aren't clear-cut. He will, however, *literally* form his life around when your study groups are, and if you ask him to, he'll be there. The most willing-to-help professor I've ever had. Tests are very tough, though--know your stuff!
4.0 : Very interesting class lectures, however he talks very fast and knows his material well so he offers very little explanation unless you specifically ask for it. He devotes all of his extra time to students wanting to meet outside of class in study groups. I would highly recommend if you are looking for a challenge and want to learn!
5.0 : He is the best professor I have ever met. Lectures are hard but interesting. He offers lots of office hours and study group. He paid so much effort to help students to learn. Highly recommended.
4.0 : this was a difficult class for me because i wasn't a biology major or interested in anything biology related (was taking it for a science credit). although saying that, moon was a really great professor and you can tell he really cared about his students. he made time outside of class to meet with people and dedicated his whole day for others.
3.0 : Got a 3.5 in this course. Overall moon is nice and friendly, but he's not the best you can have. He's pretty average nothing amazing about his teaching.
4.0 : So helpful and has office hours literally 247, I think class average was 77% or so. His lectures were bit funny at times, but overall I wouldn't say he's my favorite professor. I've had way better biology and neuro  professor compared to moon.
4.5 : Had Bio 118 &amp; 302 Very inspirational Professor. Biology is tough, but Moon will put in the effort to help you.  If you're stuck, he will take the time to get you to understand it. Cares more about the learning process rather than the grade, so if the average seems low he will work around that to  bring it up! Very Respectable  Office hours 247!
5.0 : He truly cares about his students. He teaches physiology in terms of things students GET - like cell phones, Edward Cullen, and Game of Thrones. He makes concepts easy to understand, he will come to your study group outside of class, and he even hosts his own study group "office hours" after class. He loves cats and strawberry poptarts.
5.0 : Professor Moon is a great lecturer. He is willing to help all and any students continue to learn, ie he will meet before or after class to go over the material. He wants student to participate and ask as many questions as possible. Be prepared to think and answer questions. He wants students to understand the "big picture"
5.0 : Moon is the best prof I have had in my 3 years at UW and I have taken other classes because he taught them. He will be the most helpful prof you will have if you want the help. That being said, his classes are tough but I learned so much and I was very confident that he knew what he was talking about. 10/10 would recommend any of Moon's classes
3.0 : Great lecturer and very knowledgeable but class organization was very scattered and inconsistent. Wasn't clear what we needed to know and a lot of memorizing required.
3.0 : Great lecturer, keeps lectures interesting with funny examples and scenarios. 4 quizzes, 2 exams and 1 final. Definitely knows his neuro. Heavy materials and memorization. Time management is one of the biggest issue: test reviews and quizzes. Never really know what he will test.
5.0 : He is very animated and clearly cares for the subject.
2.5 : BIS 300 is a required course for IAS students. His class is based off of the City. His emails are rude and so is his feedback. He doesn't explain assignments well and just kind of leaves you hangin.
4.0 : Christian was awesome. He is very friendly &amp; overall an easy grader. Wish it would have been an online class, because the layout of the material could've been taught online. I would take him again! Your grade on canvas doesn't show anything about participation, but you will get docked big time points.
4.0 : Immediately caught my attention - he has a passion for what he is teaching, causing me to become motivated and interested.
5.0 : Great professor.  It was very easy to pay attention in his class.
5.0 : Maggie-sensei is the best TA I have ever met so far. She's enthusiastic and devoted, trying her best to get all students engaged and makes the process of learning enjoyable. The atmosphere of the whole class depends on students. The students in one quiz section is mostly outgoing so the atmosphere is super good, but the other one is opposite.
4.5 : Ms. Merhej's best attribute is that she adjusts her teaching to the class feedback.  While she can seem frustrated when students are confused, make sure to speak up and she'll take extra time on concepts.  The class was easy overall and the final was especially light, students who are serious about learning the material will have no problem.
5.0 : Great professor, with a cute accent. Very helpful in office hours.
4.0 : She is really nice. I pretty much enjoy her good-organized lecture. If you go to her lecture and take notes, you would get good score in midterm and quiz. But you should be prepared in final that seems harder than what she taught in class.
5.0 : Very helpful TA and section was enjoyable.
5.0 : BEST TA EVER!!
5.0 : Take him if you can! Professor Bessner is an amazing teacher. He is one of the most intelligent professors I have had, and facilitates great discussions while at the same time he genuinely cares that his students learn. If you have a chance to take one of his classes, attend a talk/seminar of his, or stop by his office--do it!
5.0 : Truly engaging lectures from a knowledgeable respected professor. It can be a bit exhausting to take notes for 2 hours straight, but I would listen to the lectures for fun on my own because I like history and it's presented in an interesting way. Prof Bessner is also really not out to get you. He seems to care much more about effort than polish.
5.0 : Incredibly smart and engaging professor. If you have the opportunity take one of his classes! He clearly tells you what he expects and is a reasonable grader. He is also very open to discussion beyond the class' material such as current events.
5.0 : Daniel is a great lecturer, be prepared to take a lot of notes and focus on history. His class is in depth and you should know that, he is a historian after all. His open discusses and friendly demeanor is another reason Professor Bessner gets a gold star in my book. Plus for the course no book, all online. What a champ!
5.0 : Do you like getting good grades? Legit I got a 97/100 on the midterm and a 98/100 on the final and tons of people got 100% on both. Daniel is legit the best teacher I have ever had in college and gives the most amazing lectures.  He is so smart, soooo smart and honestly I would vote for him if he ever ran for any gov. position.  He not ugly either
4.0 : Extremely intelligent and successful; it is an honor that he teaches here. Students without a background in history may struggle with his fast-paced lectures; I think he should integrate them more with discussion. However, he is always on your side, especially for questions related to your real life and he grades kindly (average class grade 97.20).
5.0 : Professor Bessner is a respected professor. He gives you extra credits if you go to his talks. The extra credit is worth it since you only have a midterm and a final. Talk to him about anything, he knows the subject well.
5.0 : TAKE ANY OF HIS CLASSES! Brilliant professor, engaging, witty, attentive and very easy to talk to. Discussions are challenging, but very well designed and the readings are AMAZING. Tests and papers are hard, but reasonable, based on your critical analysis of class concepts. Overall, a great professor who pushes you and makes subject come alive.
5.0 : You cannot help but respect how passionate he is about his field. He genuinely cares about students learning. He makes seemingly dry topics really interesting. His lectures can be dense sometimes, but they are always engaging . He also likes to point out interesting information and fun facts about the material. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
4.0 : Professor Bessner clearly knows his stuff and is passionate about his field.  He gave relevant, important information that I regularly find connections with in my other classes.  Almost every class is completely lecture, that he reads nearly verbatim from his notes.  More interactiondiscussion would make this class a GREAT class.
5.0 : Bessner is such an amazing professor. His class was my favorite class at UW. The class was discussion based, and every discussion was incredibly intellectually engaging without being too difficult to understand. His lectures were also super interesting, and I really appreciated hearing his perspective on a lot of current events. Take his class!!
5.0 : Take his class. Just do it.
4.5 : A newish grad student that was really great! Linguistics can really take a lot of time to get a hang of at first, but Nathan did a great job of making the material interesting and easy to understand. Take this as an alternative to Ling200. Midterm &amp; final with small homeworks made up the grades. The grading was fair. I would recommend this class.
4.5 : Nathan does a wonderful job of making the subject interesting and engaging, he never works directly off of PowerPoint slides, or notesalways ready to teach and explain things!  He needs to drink his tea more often, though!
5.0 : Nathan made this class so enjoyable. He presents subjects in such an interesting and clear way, I don't think I was ever really bored in his class. There were topics that I probably would have found confusing if presented poorly, but that really wasn't a problem in this class. I really wanted to take more linguistics classes because of this one.
5.0 : Laid back guy, cracks jokes and is helpful all the time
4.5 : I like him. He gets a bit distracted talking about his past experiences but you'll end up with funny stories. Tests are pretty straightforward and open book, and lectures are pretty clear.
4.0 : Very long and boring lectures which cover little new material, but a bit more in depth coverage of material from 5 course prerequisites.  DETAILS are key.  Get the textbook from India for $30, it's low quality and the homework problems may be a bit different, but all you really need are the tables.
3.5 : Pretty monotone and doesn't break things down very well for students. Likes using big words. Helpful and nice- definitely knows A LOT about her field.  I wish she would talk more about her research... she's doing some pretty groundbreaking stuff. Likes having students give presentations. Curves the class nicely. Be prepared to work for your grade.
5.0 : Very useful class to me. learned a lot from immunoengineering. It's OK if you haven't taken immunology, you will learn most basic things from this class. However, may be tough when you prepare for midterm since you need to remember a lot for midterm. But good thing is you will learn both basic knowledge and applications of immunology.
3.0 : Lectures are interesting always tries to make you think on a deeper level. There are two papers that are assigned which have to be completed throughout the quarter and a lot of reading.
4.0 : I would recommend anyone and everyone to take this class. You are able to look at a lot of people's perspectives on the modern world and it will deeply challenge on an intellectual level to figure out what you believe. Mr. Bugyis is extremely passionate and really nice. He is totally for his students and want you to understand and actively discuss.
2.5 : This class is literally defined as and is an example of a Rogerian Argument. If you come from studying theology in the past, this class will make you question plenty of topics, and terms. Terms aren't always defined. If you're okay with wing in an inconclusive class, feel free to take it but questions answer questions in this class. Good luck.
4.0 : Insane amount of reading. More seminar than lecture. Very discussion based, but doesn't grade on if you talk. He's very philosophical &amp; deep (at times hard to follow), understands everyone's opinion, and values everyone. He's easy to talk to and down to earth. Grades kind of harshly. Only one blue book exam, which he gives us all the questions for.
4.5 : NOT a Gender Studies professor. He got his Religious Studies PhD at Yale. I've taken his Religion in the Modern World, TRELIG253 &amp; am currently taking Comparative Religion, TRELIG231. Eric is one of the best professors I've had at UWT, he cares about his students. Lectures keep you engaged &amp; the course content is very interesting.
5.0 : Eric is one of the most inspirational and critical thinkers at UWT. He really makes you think about life, society, culture in his religion classes. But they are all discussion. He gives a quiz here and there and then papers. Doesn't really do tests. If your class is talkative, the discussions will be very interesting and like I said, make you think
5.0 : His class is truly mind-bending. The readings are very philosophical and push you to do some serious meta-analysis. His lectures are also very interesting and contextualized, helping you on your readings, so do not miss a class or you will be lost. I would recommend this class to anyone interested in learning the modern theories of religion.
4.5 : One of the best professors at UWT, has an interesting perspective on religion and his passion on the topic can be felt throughout the class.
5.0 : My favorite professor at UWT. Amazing lectures, often runs over class time because everyone is so into them.
5.0 : Great TA!!!!!!
5.0 : he is so chill
5.0 : Austin is awesome. He makes the class much more entertaining. He frequently gives bumps (extra credit) to students who participate and isn't tough grader. But make sure you stay on top of your work and go to class.
5.0 : Best teacher ever
5.0 : Austin is a real TA, meaning he actually tries to help you. In this class TA's do the teaching, not the instructor, and Austin was a beast. This guy belongs in like Google or Apple or somewhere amazing!
5.0 : Always goes above and beyond to help any student who asks.
5.0 : Great with explanations.  Excellent lecturer.  Always tries to ensure students understand.
4.0 : Adam is very accessible outside class. Go to office hours! He's very willing to answer questions regarding handouts, HW and even CSE major planning. Our TA wasn't so helpful though. Grading criteria is very harsh, but that's 143's tradition. Adam tries to cover as much info as possible, so don't interrupt him by show off yourself during lecture.
5.0 : Fantastic prof. Hilarious but brilliant. He's also really young, and manages to connect with the students while still maintaining order and a sense of control. Definitely one of the best professors I've had in college.
3.5 : Adam was an amazing lecturer. Do not recommend skipping any lectures. He gets you excited for the material, but grading can be really harsh and with a curve. TAs don't really care too much and are less likely to help. But Adam will answer emails and is pretty good with office hours and help. Don't ask obvious questions or try to show off.
5.0 : Adam really cares about his students! He's very funny and always loves to interact. Very funny and inspirational! I love this teacher.
5.0 : One of the best lecturers I've had, and hands down the most dedicated teacher I've had in my life. Clearly cares about your learning and is incredibly enthusiastic. Tons of work but it's mostly useful. However, I thought his exams were brutal. Gave us 90 minutes for a "50 min exam", no one finished early (decent median though). Overall a 10/10 prof
5.0 : Great engaging lecturer, finds creative ways to keep the class interesting such as having the TAs throw rubber ducks at you in lecture
5.0 : If you hold a grain of respect to your education, take the class you're thinking about taking with Adam. I had him for both 143 and 332. Adam is a professor who pushes you to learn more than you ever would have normally, and does it in the best way possible. He is inspirational,  and truly does care about his students' education more than anyone.
4.5 : I have never met a professor that cares so much about his students. He sincerely wants the best for you and wants you to succeed. He gives random pep talks during lecture, simply for the sake of encouraging his students to believe in themselves. His dedication and passion made this class worth taking. (Also, it's an incredibly helpful class!)
5.0 : He is one of the best professors in the department! if you could, I would recommend taking a class with him and you will love CSE MUCH MORE!
5.0 : Adam is amazing.  Very energetic and dedicated to giving engaging lectures.  Course structure was great, very well organized.  He cares about his students and it shows.  There's not much to say.  Take him!
5.0 : Adam cares about his students more than any other teacher I have ever had - and it shows. All of the work (while there is a LOT) was reasonable and every assignment felt like a lot of thought went into it. Definitely try to take this class (or 311) with Adam.
5.0 : Adam is such a passionate, helpful and friendly lecturer! Really, REALLY cares about making sure all students know the material and works really hard to provide opportunities for people to get help if they need it.
5.0 : Adam is a new lecturer for this course but you can tell that he knows what he's talking about and he always makes lectures entertaining and fun.  Very frequently available for help, whether it be before or after lecture or at office hours.
5.0 : He is very passionate about cse and its shows. He asks for feedback during lectures a lot, and will spend more time on subjects if he needs to. Class is never boring and his excitement is pretty infectious.
3.5 : Adam's lectures are fun and all, but I was confused quite often. That said, he's really enthusiastic about teaching, and it shows. Goes out of his way to help.
3.0 : Alright! So he is a good guy! No questions about that. But when I say "experience shows" I mean it. He is very helpful. Super enthusiastic. BUT he manages to confuse a class of 400+ pretty often. Needs more experience.
4.5 : Adam's a fun professor, but the class itself is bloody hard and the grading is VERY strict
4.5 : Definitely the most caring professor I have ever had not just in UW, but in my life. He clearly cared a lot, like seriously, a lot about his students. When you are in the class, you will probably hate him so much for all the work and hard tests, but in the end, you will thank you so much because you have learned so much.
3.5 : Adam is a new prof at UW but he tries very hard to improve and help. He is hands down better than Obourn. He gives good lectures and explanations most of the time, but sometimes he will overcomplicate things. He is no Stuart, but he is pretty good. CLEAR choice over Allison, I've been to both sections.
5.0 : Best prof ever, love him.
5.0 : One of my favorite classes last quarter. Adam always made time for students, and was extremely helpful and responsive when it came to arranging office hours or giving feedbackhelp. PowerPoints were always really nice and colorful. Lots of interaction in lecture, so you're not bored, and there was always someone you could ask for help.
4.0 : He is a BIG kid that knows coding well!!
3.5 : Good lecturer; he's obviously very passionate about what he does. Sometimes a little confusing, but he's super helpful.
5.0 : Adam's great. The class is difficult and he does go pretty quick but he is a very engaging lecturer.  I'd take as many classes as I can with Adam if I could.
5.0 : The best lecturer ever.
5.0 : CSE 311 is the hardest class I've ever taken but Adam was an absolutely amazing professor. His lectures were well organized and full of meaningful content, and he structures his lectures so that his students' focus is maximized. There are always office hours, and he encourages students to reach out for help whenever they need it.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever had! He encourages all of his students to work together during lectures on solving difficult problems, so we get practice working on the material. I recommend always going to class, because he cover a lot of material very quickly, and lectures are not recorded. Ask questions if you are confused and he will answer.
4.0 : Adam is such a great teacher! I really loved him. He's passionate and explains the concepts pretty well for such a tough subject. The class is hard but he made it very enjoyable. He loves his students, is really helpful, and tries to make a big lecture hall feel small. I can't wait to have him again.
4.5 : Adam is one of the best Instructors I've ever had. He passionately wants every one of his students to succeed, going out his way to provide good examples and create new resources  to help. He is also a very entertaining lecturer, which helps for some of the tougher concepts.
4.5 : Adam really is a fantastic lecturer. I really enjoyed his explanations and passion for computer science. The tests were slightly difficult, but I learned a lot.
5.0 : Adam's one of the best, most considerate and caring professors I've ever had at UW. Really enthusiastic about the class and always goes out of his way to provide help for students.
5.0 : Of all the professors I've had, he by far cares the most about his students, and not just about if they pass/learn. I learned more from this class than I have from any other. Best professor I've ever had.
5.0 : Adam's the best professor I've had at UW. His lectures are entertaining and super helpful, and he is very passionate about teaching. Absolutely recommend. I'm not the most naturally gifted programmer, but I worked super hard for a 3.5 in this class and enjoyed it because of how great Adam is.
5.0 : He is such a good teacher
4.0 : Better than the average UW CSE professor. By the ways, a lot of them suck. He's good at teaching. Achieved through a lot of interactive lectures and yelling during class "Got it?!!?".
5.0 : Adam's (prefers to be addressed this way rather than "Prof. Blank") lectures are entertaining, funny, and engaging. He aims to engage students and strongly encourages students to ask questions. Loves having people visit during office hours. Only one homework assignment per week. Best prof. I could've asked for in my first term. Strongly recommend.
5.0 : Professor Blank works many extra hours to help students debug their homework and make sure they understand the material. And you can tell that he truly cares about his students. His lecture is extremely well planned and you could benefit from every minute of it.
2.0 : His tests are tough.
5.0 : Super enthusiastic. Swears. Overall amusing.
4.5 : Amazing lecturer, hilarious, and incredibly enthusiastic about what he does. He's always willing to take feedback from students, and he really, truly does care about their success. I would definitely take this class again in a heartbeat.  NOTE: yes, the programming assignments and exams are graded harshly, but that's UW CSE for you.
5.0 : I wish I could take every one of my CSE classes with this guy. Just an amazing professor.
4.5 : one of the best professors around
5.0 : What to say about Adam Blank? The best professor of my life. In the most different class I've ever taken, Adam made a dent in my education. Adam is just not only a talented professor, but also a great human being who believes in teaching as a life changing job he's up to. 311 is hard, but Adam will make it inspiring and really worth taking.
5.0 : He's really hyper and bouncy and his lectures are a lot of fun. He really tries to make the class feel small and get students actively participating throughout the lecture. Some of his classes had everyone in a laughing fit for the entire 50 minutes. Tests are hard but he tells you exactly what to expect on them.
5.0 : Very clear, very helpful. Homework grading can be harsh, but that's not his fault and as long as you spend time on the homework and exams you'll be fine. Exams are clearer and a bit easier than other lecturers' (in comparison to the sample exams). Got a 4.0 at last.
5.0 : After attending Prof. Caldwell's first class of the quarter, he really impressed me. He's very passionate with film and video production and straight forward with his instructions. He wants you to succeed, offering his help 247. Not a lot of work unless you procrastinate. If you love filmvideo, you will love this professor. He is very inspiring.
5.0 : Had a great time in this course.  Great instructor, very helpful and motivated to teach.
5.0 : Gives great explanations and is very helpful on difficult topics. Shows that she actually is interested in the success of her students and provides helpful additional practice problems, outside of the homework, to prepare you for tests/quizzes.
5.0 : Highly recommend! Annie is confident of the material she teaches and she is well organized in lecture. Clear instructions and helpful examples in the lecture. Would like to take her again if possible
5.0 : This class was wonderful. She was super helpful, and made sure to explain everything. Her lectures were a little on the proofy side sometimes but at least she never made you put down proofs word by word on her test. She's super easy to work with and very generous with her grading. Oh and she had quizes weekly which helped immensely.
1.0 : It was totally a disaster for the whole class. Her lecture note was a real mess without a order. She speaks with her notes written simultaneously so we can't keep up with her idea because we are taking notes. Also on the last period of the quarter she teaches graph theory while other class does not required, which makes everyone confused.
5.0 : The content of the class gets boring sometimes but she made it fun! Annie is also very helpful at office hours and gives good hints on homework problems.
1.0 : Worst class I've ever taken at UW. Her lectures are really boring and don't follow the course material enough to complete the homework. Her quizzes consist of questions that are simply trial and error, and she gives little to no partial credit.
3.0 : Very passionate and energetic. Some lectures felt unguided and wasted. This is an issue because while we had 2 weeks for challenge problems, often times it felt like we only learned the relevant topic the class before it was due. Attend the many office hours she has since they are much more useful than the lecture.
5.0 : Very caring professor. Has a lot of office hours, and give really helpful review sessions before exams. Lectures are super clear and inspiring. Gives a lot of real world examples. Also has quite a few extra credits which make the weekly quizzes much less of a pressure.
5.0 : Annie is awesome, cool accent, very charismatic and charming (especially for a math prof!!) She basically said screw the textbook because she is a great lecturer. Go to class, don't fall behind, and make sure to do her "ASK" problems before Wednesday Quizzes. If you are prepared she doesn't do much to try to trick you, very chill weekly quizzes
5.0 : Great, well prepared lectures with lots of energy and enthusiasm. Really cares if students understand material. Learned a lot and enjoyed this class.
5.0 : She was amazing. Probably one of the best professors I've had at this university. Her explanations completely made sense &amp; she was always available if you needed extra help. Her passion about math made me love coming to class. She's quirky and interesting to listen to and I always trusted her knowledge and teaching methods. Good class structure too
5.0 : Annie's a caring instructor. She explained concepts very well and connected many to real world applications.  Her ASK sessions are super, super helpful, and really nice of her to do.   I'd say to go to lectures, since there aren't online notes. I didn't read the book since lecture stuff was great. Would take a course with her again for sure.
5.0 : Annie's a really really great professor! She is really great at explaining concepts and she truly cares if her students understand the concepts or not. Her ASK practice problems (to prepare us for weekly quizzes) are really helpful! She is also really funny and likes to crack jokes! The best math professor I had so far at UW! Highly recommended.
2.0 : Somewhat crazy course
5.0 : Lectures were very clear, she's really good at explaining concepts and does a lot to try to help you succeed. She cares more about setting up problems than computation, so you were often given very easy numbers to work with. Tests were very fair.
4.5 : She is an incredibly helpful teacher and offers lots of time to help students.  Although the pace of the class seemed fast at times, we given review periods for about a week before each test.  She also does give alot of guidance of what is expected on the test.
5.0 : She is a really good professors! Do anything she can do to help you and explain everything clearly enough! ( But her exams are not that easy )
5.0 : Expectations are clear-cut and exams were all very predictable. She makes a significant effort to help out students and cares for their success. Lectures were easy to follow, and her sense of humor made it all the more enjoyable. Food was provided on midterm days, including a homemade breakfast on our exam day at 8:30 am. Would take again!
4.5 : She does a great job clarifying the topics in class. I often found myself completely lost for a bit and then she would show a different way to view the problem and it would just click. She is an amazing teacher. One of the best that I've had, hands down.
5.0 : nice professor, very willing to help and explain the material clearly.
5.0 : She is a wonderful lecturer and gives excellent feedback on assignments and quizzes. She is very helpful in her office hours and loves to see her students succeed. I highly recommend her!
4.5 : Mackenzie is very nice and very helpful. He wants you to do well. However his accent (austrian) makes it a little tough if you aren't absolutely paying attention. His criteria for homework is very tough simply because he requires ruler done diagrams and specific formatting. However if you get it down, its pretty simple. Tests aren't a cakewalk.
5.0 : Awesome dude. All course content is well explained, and although the course itself is difficult it's definitely manageable. Makes help from TA's and himself abundantly available. His requirement to produce neat work is a hassle at first, but I feel like I developed a professional skill from it.  Overall one of the best professors I've had.
4.5 : Professor Mackenzie is bar none, one of the best professors I've had at UW. The man is incredibly intelligent, but answered any of my questions, however simple. I would say going to office hours is extremely important to go to if you have any concerns. Other info:  Class is NOT curved.   Reuses old test questions Extra credit is abundant
4.5 : My favorite professor thus far! I new I wanted to do CEE before this class and Mackenzie's enthusiasm made me realize I chose the right path. He reuses old exam questions, so definitely do the practice exams. He also really emphasizes neatness and presentation quality. Enjoy!
5.0 : Hands down one of the best professors I've had at UW. Peter shows a genuine interest in his students learning and goes out of his way to help you. This class confirmed my choice of Engineering.
5.0 : One of the professors that really likes to teach. Those are the best kind of instructors, since at this university, a lot of professors care about their research more than their students.
5.0 : Love the interest he shows in his students. He really takes the time to help you when you need it. No other Professor would put that much effort
5.0 : Teaches 1 credit class (586) for all 3 quarters about an hr long. She is really nice, honest, and funny. She is happy to help you with anything, and requires very little. Only assignment in class is group project on policy work, but easy to do by yourself or with group. Very informative class.
5.0 : Julie is really lovely and knowledgeable. She tailored assignments to our needs and cared more about our learning than checking boxes.
4.5 : He incorporates his experiences and views into his class. He is able to make this class applicable to my life also. He goes out of your way to help you out, and his office hours are really whenever you need him. He is super nice and super helpful.
5.0 : Amazing professor, he was so helpful and understanding. He brought Elders into the classroom and really brought the material to life.
4.0 : Gary is super great. He's very energetic and encourages class participation. He grades papers pretty tough, but provides lots of good feedback so you can improve. He cares about his students learning and thinking.
4.5 : Gary is extremely qualified in his field. He used to be the Department chair but he prefers to teach. He's fluent in French and German so his emphasis is mostly comparative literature. I took a Ulysses course by him and it was fantastic. He's also extremely nice while also being an honest evaluator.
4.5 : Gary is wonderful, hands down best professor I've had at UW, and overall just a lovely human being. I've taken several courses with him, and each time he has proved both accessible and challenging in the best way possible. In class, he inspires ease and comfort in sharing, in office hours his formidable intellect is revealed. Take him!!
4.0 : Gary is a gem. He cares about his students and is one of the few professors that give consideration to his students' time. He gave us class "days off" to read and catch up! Go to office hours and connect with him, he super intelligent and a great person to talk about books and writing with. No easy A's on essays though--you have to put in effort.
4.5 : Professor Leonard was one of the best instructors that I have ever taken! I would definitely take him again.
4.5 : Matt gives very good lectures.  He takes time to explain things clearly, moves at a reasonable pace and clearly knows the material he is teaching very well.  He throws in stories and jokes from time to time as well to keep things entertaining.  Homework can be long.  But they are graded fairly.  I will take more classes from Matt if I can.
5.0 : I found the lectures to be very clear.  And the homework wa clearly designed to help students learn the material presented in class.  Professor Lorig wrote his own notes for CFRM 544.  The notes were well-written and full of examples.  But, there were some mistakes in them (which Matt would correct when he updated the notes).
4.0 : She's awesome with giving lectures because there simple, but there can be times where she goes off lecture. Does her best to explain academic writing. Great for EOP students
4.5 : She's always encouraging her students and is very helpful on giving feedback. Just go to class, participate in discussions, and write a good paper.
5.0 : Liz was so kind and helpful! She made a mandatory class bearable and even fun. She encouraged in-class participation and welcomed all viewpoints. I would be so happy to take another one of her classes again.
5.0 : Liz is super sweet and caring. Participation definitely matters, but as long as you speak a couple times during class you should be fine. Midterm and final paper with clear expectations. Daily reading and some short writing on Canvas. Really interesting class and low-stress for a writing credit.
5.0 : She's really patient and  gives detailed feedback on each assignment. Going to her office hours really helps you. Good instructor!
5.0 : Make sure to raise your hand at least 1-2 times per class and you should be good with participation. For both the essays, she clearly outlined what she wanted me to discuss and the sort of analysis she wanted during office hours and I got a 3.7 and 3.9 even though I'm not a great writer. Make sure to go to class for that participation grade though.
5.0 : Honestly one of the best professors that I've ever had. He is enthusiastic, passionate, and very understanding.  I will be on the lookout for more classes with him!
5.0 : Everyone knows Dr. P is the best psych prof at UWT. I've taken his TPSYCH 101, 220, currently taking 407. Next quarter I've signed up for 322 &amp; 418. I'm actually becoming his stalker student lol.  He's a great, caring, and funny guy that creates an extremely fun and safe learning environment. Definitely take this prof if you're a psych major.
4.0 : Interesting assignments. loved this class.
5.0 : Professor P is the best professor I have ever had in my college career. He is thorough when it comes to his topics and discussions. He's very passionate in what he does and only hopes to help you develop into a better person. Honestly, the best professor to ever have impact your life
4.0 : This class is Adult Development. There's only a few REQUIRED assignments, and to get above a 3.0 you need to present one of them. He's a great, fun, and happy guy, and I love going to his class. However, there are A LOT of online discussions, and though they're only required to show your participation, you need to read to fully get them. Love tho
5.0 : Very great professor! Clear with expectations, makes the class lots of fun and knows more about psychology than just about anybody. Very approachable and lively with the class. Would take again. Make sure though to keep up with the readings.
5.0 : A great teacher! Everything is super straight forward plus he gives examples that would clear up any confusion. He's also very funny, but make sure to study!!
4.5 : Awesome professor!
3.0 : Meh. Good but not great. Discussion heavy, especially online, and a "go by feel" sort of grader. Nice guy but not my sort of professor. I like more structure and predictablity, but if that isn't a key thing for you then he's cool. He does seem to really care about his students
5.0 : Amazing professor!! I loved his personality, he is always happy and positive, he made lectures interesting and engaging! Although his lectures are available online, I always found myself attending class because I loved the way he teaches. Highly recommended!! :)
4.0 : So he doesn't have a lot of assignments and he is kind of a heavy grader. Very outgoing and funny professor. Attendance does not matter at all and everything is on slides that he posts online. Midterm goes over everything, so it's a lot. Got a solid B without a book, but you don't need it for this class.
5.0 : This is the play class. One of the BEST classes I've taken at UWT.  So interactive and fun. Honestly he's so genuine, passionate, and approachable. Definitely recommended!!!
5.0 : Really good reading.
5.0 : Amazing Professor. You will learn more about Psychology from him than anyone else
1.0 : Tony is an amazing person. As a professor I do not respect his methods. His class is very unstructured- based solely on discussion not TEACHING. You are able to choose 3 options to pass the class, meaning you can opt out of all exams if wanted. This all sounds great, but for me- this was horrible. PS- no grades until end of quarter, literally.
5.0 : Dr. P is the best! He is unconventional in a great way! I love him! Cannot wait to take more classes!
5.0 : Lise is a Godsend. She spends time with her students to address their needs and she even edited the tests for our class because she thought they were asking too much of us. She's always doing what she can to improve the class, and she was very easy to approach and talk to. Wasn't an easy class but I wish I could take all my French classes from her!
4.5 : Lise is the best French teacher I've had and I've have 4 teachers at multiple academic levels. The material is tough, but she is informative and helpful and actually interested in you succeeding. She's also pretty hot. Course workload is determined by department, not TAs.
5.0 : Simply fab. She's actually French so she won't screw you over with pronunciation by accident, and she's so invested in her students learning. She's willing to explain things a million times a million ways and she's not afraid to make jokes.
4.0 : She is the greatest person ever to teach this course, BUT she gives out a lot of work. Attendance is not enough, participation in class matters. She can be strict about giving out marks. Sometimes, she does give some extra credits. Not recommended to take with her if you have a busy quarter, but it's fun to take with her again.
5.0 : Lise, you are my hero. Not only is she a native French speaker, intelligent, takes the time for any and all of her students and really genuinely cares, she also is passionate about educating us about culture. Lise makes this class an experience, and I'm now going into my third class with her and I couldn't be more excited! TAKE HER CLASS!
5.0 : Great.
4.0 : I'm not even in his section and he teaches well.
5.0 : Every time I want help, I can always find Kaleo in the lab. He basically lives there. He will be everywhere in the lab. What is CS life? If you know Kaleo, you know everything about it. Kaleo is the man. He's the Richard Sherman for 351. Take his section and you won't regret it. He's a chill dude - and he likes ice-cream.
4.5 : Professor Herman Weber is a young graduate from Berkeley with expertise in Latin America and US- Lat Am relations. She is a quieter, more shy professor but is really a wealth of knowledge and provides  insightful content and answers to questions. The class work is thought provoking and there is a reading and small template due for each lecture.
4.5 : Prof. Weber is definitely a recommended prof at the UW.  She lectures well, pausing often, and ends each class by asking stimulating discussion questions to make sure that learning is not a one-way street.  She is well-read in her field (Latin American-US history), and her hard work shines.  Expect to read and be interested in all things Latin.
5.0 : Great Professor.
4.5 : Professor Cohen presents her lectures in an extremely clear and interesting manner. She teaches the class in an engaging and intriguing way. She cares more about how well students learn material rather than making them work for a high grade. I definitely recommend taking one of her classes.
4.5 : Anna is awesome! Her lectures are super clear.  Beware of her guest lecturers though, they aren't great lecturers like her (they were always in a hurry!). Also, lectures aren't posted online so you have to come to class. I would totally recommend her!
4.5 : Treats us like adults, and expects us to work like professionals. Extremely knowledgeable in the subject matter. Very personable and polite.
4.5 : Extremely knowledgeable and  easy to work with. Students expected to give 100%.
4.5 : As a TA he is very helpful. Grades pretty harsh so you learn. Also does problems on the board for you, so you get an example before you start the labs. Very funny, too. Don't be surprised if he calls you out for saying something stupid. Make sure you do the online tests and weekly readings, they're worth a lot of your grade.
5.0 : I had the privilege to take a one time offered class by Prof Reddy called "Force and the Spectacle of Violence: From Ferguson to College Campuses." It was an incredible class filled with thought provoking materials and great lectures. Prof Reddy knows what he's talking about and is very helpful to students. I was very sad when the class ended.
5.0 : This was such an amazing class!! Professor Reddy is such a knowledgeable man. The class and his style of teaching definitely does leave a lasting impact in your life. I can honestly say that this was one of the best, if not the best class I have ever taken.
5.0 : Professor Reddy is a truly amazing teacher.  His lectures are incredibly engaging and he is very encouraging with all of his students.  I learned so much from him and I know other students in the class felt the same way.  He's hands down the best professor I've ever had.  If you have the opportunity to take one of his classes, do it!
5.0 : Prof Reddy is an amazing teacher. I've had the pleasure of attending one of his classes and had him as a guest speaker for another class. He is very knowledgeable of what he focuses on, is open to any and all thoughts, and highly encourages you to speak your thoughts. His lectures always leave you wanting to learn more. Overall, amazing professor.
3.0 : Topic of the class was interesting, but nothing like the course description. Grade was based on 3 assignments with unclear directions. Assigned extremely long and usually dry readings. Some of the material and lectures were good, but overall difficult to grasp. He's intelligent on the topic, but class was not structured well.
5.0 : I got by skipping some readings but life is much easier if you knock out the readings. Stuff can be kinda' dense but if you try your best to appreciate the works you read it can be enjoyable.  Midterm and final only Easy Funny, quirky guy, easy to like Super willing to help you out Genuine guy who really likes class participation I recommend
3.0 : His quite nice and smart. He is really helpful and takes time out of his busy schedule to have review sessions.
5.0 : He was my TA in LSJ 327. Awesome. Just study, and you will get 4.0.
5.0 : I had him for LSJ 327. He is the best. Jeremy, you are the best!!!!!!!!!!
4.5 : Great guy who is much easier to relate to compared to the large lecture professor. Would take anything he's teaching
5.0 : Great guy, hard material though.
3.5 : He has a good sense of humor and excellent taste in Hawaiian shirts. He interacts with the students well.
5.0 : I really like this professor and I have taken his class for two quarters and I am planning to take his French class next quarter. Trust me, you are gonna have so much fun in this class.
4.5 : Patrick is a very nice guy who's always willing to help you when you're in trouble. He will even give you hints on things that you should have known in the tests. The grading is crystal-clear but you have to get 98.5%+ to get a 4.0. Attendance is mandatory, learn the grammar, do the exercises, be careful on the tests, and you will be fine.
5.0 : a cool interactive teacher with smooth joyful lectures and easy quizzes. midterm and final exam are just quizzes with different names ;). easy questions on quizzes (if you study) and a lot of stuff to learn. I hate his attendance policy though i loved coming to class everyday.
5.0 : nice teacher with interactive lectures. midterm and final exam are just another quizzes. questions on quizzes are relatively easy.
5.0 : Patrick has easily been one of my favorite instructors. He keeps class light and comfortable while making sure that his students are meeting the intended goals. If you go to class and keep up with the work you will have no problem. I would take another one of his classes in a heartbeat! Great guy, very Swiss (be punctual).
5.0 : Zambianchi is a great college professor! He is funny and makes French class fun and easy to learn. I always look forward to his class, even when I am having a bad day. I can't wait to take French year 2 with him!
5.0 : He holds him self to high standards by wanting YOU to learn. He is Swiss, so always be on time, but he's super funny and understands how the French language is spoken and works. Also, the textbook is like an activity book, and I always wanted to go to class, even if I was having a bad day.
5.0 : She genuinely cares about your learning in the class. She makes an effort to get to know her students and their needs and is extremely helpful. Easily the best Spanish teacher I have ever had, she makes speaking Spanish fun! I definitely recommend Elizabeth!
5.0 : I seriously LOVED her class so much. She is one of my favorite instructors at UW. She is so helpful, approachable, and fashionable. She is willing to help you outside of the classroom and she is ALWAYS there for you! You should definitely take her class. You won't regret it!
5.0 : Class was relatively easy, but involved plenty of memorization. Perez is a tremendously kind teacher who really does her best to work with the students and tries to get to know them. She clearly knows her subject. Grading is fairly easy.  If you do all the work and utilize extra credit opportunities, an A is definitely attainable. Fun class
5.0 : You can't skip class, but you won't want to anyways.
4.0 : Took Elizabeth's MGMT 402 class--a lot of fun. The cases are relatively interesting (each case is a different topic) and the in-class are negotiations are a lot less intimidating than you would think. She grades specific to a rubric and there's pretty much no leniency. Participation matters and read the textbook! "Final" is a paper.
2.5 : Loads of work for a 100-level class. Two midterms, a cumulative final, four quizzes, and discussion board posts. The study guides were helpful to an extent. The exams were held in person (even though it's an online class), unnecessary amounts of information jammed into each week and exam. Don't take as an easy 4.0 elective.
5.0 : Music 162 was a lot of reading, but it was an online class so very independent.  The online lectures were a bit outdated, but the study guides and review sessions were super helpful.  TAs give a lot of test answers during the review sessions, so be sure to go or listen to the recordings.  A lot of work, but interesting topic so its worth it.
5.0 : This class was not very difficult. I expect to 4.0 it.
4.0 : Patrick was one of the T.A.s for Professor James Gregory's class. Attending the sections is vital to passing, because lectures aren't mandatory but attendance and participation in the sections is. He's super cute but devestatingly married. He grades the midterm and the final, and one of the papers depending on which one you decide to do.
5.0 : I love Patrick! He was so sweet and cute. I wish I could take this class again just because of him. He gives good feedback and he's super nice and easy to talk to. He makes quiz section fun and is just a really good guy all around. No wonder he's already married. Sorry for being creepy but it's true!
5.0 : The BEST TA at UW!!!
5.0 : Super easy grader and is very clear with instructions. Makes the class as fun as possible!
5.0 : Max is a great, handsome, funny, great, funny guy. Really down to Earth and makes the expectations for succeeding in his class clear at the start. Put in the work, and you're going to ace the class. Best part of his class is you can track his social life based on how much he posts on Facebook
5.0 : Max was awesome really helpful when it came down to it. He is able to really give a good lecture on the material. Definitely recommend taking this class!
5.0 : Great class and great TA! Would highly recommend. No real exams. Fun projects and presentations, 3 or more essays to get W credit. Easy works, as long as you do them, you get 4.0.
3.0 : You'll get an A but you have to deal with his huge ego. Dude's a bit of a trip
5.0 : Great guy and really cares about his students!
4.0 : Obviously really cares about students and preparing them for industry.
3.5 : She does tons of helpful example problems, and expectations are very clear and straightforward. Lots of online resources. She isn't very good at explaining the general ideas behind things though, and I was often confused about very fundamental information. Lectures are also kind of boring early on.
4.0 : Really nice professor; you can tell you she is very engaged in the material and cares about her students. The progression of topics taught during lecture is pretty confusing, though. If you put the effort, you can do well in the class: just take advantage of the many resources provided on canvas. Also, don't be shy to ask questions in class!!
5.0 : Prof Bushnell was a fantastic instructor! She is clear and concise. She also is very receptive to feedback and follows through with noticeable improvements. The class is structured in a way that forces you to pay attention (pop quizzes) and not get lazy. I'd definitely take another class with her. UW is lucky to have her.
5.0 : She moves slowly in lecture and is clear in her explanations but sometimes I felt I had to connect the dots myself to fully understand the material or have more explanation in the discussion section. The midterms were very reasonable and the final was more difficult, all exams are pretty long for the time given. Long homeworks, clear labs.
5.0 : Her explanations and examples are clear and concise. She knows her stuff tries to connect concepts to real life applications and puts in a large effort to inspire her students. Tests were fairly difficult but nothing you can't study for. Lecture notes are extremely helpful so you'll rarely need the textbook. Highly recommended!
5.0 : Bushnell provides an outstanding lecture. The homework is extremely well written and provides great opportunity to practice but isn't overly difficult. Her exams were extremely fair, work hard on the homework and you'll succeed.
5.0 : Take a class with her! She adores her students and it is visible in the amount of work she puts into each and every class period. She makes herself available for help outside of class and her passion for the German language is admirable. I am waking up unnecessarily early just so I am able to take 102 with her.
5.0 : Her enthusiasm and passion for German are sincere, noticeable, and contagious. These factors combined with her knowledge about German leads to teacher that is not only genuinely caring but also proficient in teaching. The grading (at least for GERMAN 101) is very lenient, which also adds to the appeal of the class.
5.0 : Kai is a very good teacher and is very lenient with grades.  She is also available to talk to you outside of class and has an open schedule.  If you have to choose between several teachers' classes, take hers.
5.0 : Great teacher! Only complaint is that she can occasionally get too excited and not leave space for students to speak. However she is incredibly approachable, super passionate, and has a deep wealth of knowledge. If you want a professor who will always bring a lot of energy to class, she should be your top pick.
5.0 : Kye is so nice, helpful, and interested in her students' learning! She is always willing to come up with new ways to describe concepts and is always willing to help you, all you have to do is ask. I really enjoyed this class because of her teaching, and I wish I could take 102 with her. Hoping I get to take another class with her at some point!
5.0 : Most amazing German prof ever. So smart, so clear, so inspiring. She loves German, and wants her students to experience the joy of the language. If she's available, TAKE HER CLASS IT'S SO WORTH IT
4.5 : Terrasi is one of the best professors I have had, especially in the Germanics department. She is extremely passionate, knowledgable, and understandable about German history, literature, and culture. There was quite a bit of reading and sometimes expectations were unclear, but overall she was excellent.
5.0 : I can't say enough good things about Kye. I took 101 and 102 with her and then later took 390 with her just to have another class with her. She is super good at teaching the material and will always be there to help even when you are no longer her student.
5.0 : Kye is the best professor I've had at UW. Take her!!!! She is wonderful person, and truly takes time to get to know each one of her students. She will work with you outside of class in a heartbeat and will even personally ask you individually if you need extra help. She's also super understanding and laid back, and her teaching style is excellent.
5.0 : Kye is the best professor I've had at UW. Take her!! She is a wonderful person, and truly takes time to get to know each one of her students. She will work with you outside of class in a heartbeat and will even personally ask you individually if you need extra help. She's also super understanding and laid back, and her teaching style is excellent.
5.0 : She is by far the best professor I've had at UW. She's always cheery, lively, and genuinely makes you care about German. I did well in the class because I came out of my shell and spoke up a lot, and German has never been tough for me, but even if you struggle a bit, she will go over the moon to help you!
4.5 : Danica Miller is one of those teachers that goes above and beyond. She reaches out if she feels you are struggling and really cares about her students. She is energetic and obviously loves her job. Quizzes are pretty much everyday so make sure you are up to date on the readings. She is super laid back so don't hesitate to reach out.
5.0 : Very passionate about the course subject. Ideas were conveyed very well. Would recommend.
3.5 : Loved Dr. Miller. She was great! Awesome lecture and she was involved. It seemed like she didn't want to give full points on any exam. Interesting when she said you would get 810 if answered correctly, and 1010 if you went into depth. Don't miss a class because quizzes are every day. Take advantage of extra credit opportunities.
3.5 : There is so much reading in this class but thankfully the texts were interesting enough. Reading quizzes were fairly simple if you did the reading the night before. A very likable teacher who is relatable and down to earth. Also an extremely nit-picky grader, doesn't mark where these points were lost so you feel utterly confused.
5.0 : PH.D Miller is a great instructor. She knows her stuff and is inspirational. She is a very sincere and caring instructor. Her beautiful smile and willingness to be goofy entices participation. Her course has a reasonable amount of reading for a upper division Literature class and she handles difficult topics in a very professional way. Recommended
5.0 : PH.D Miller is a great instructor. She knows her stuff and is inspirational. She is a very sincere and caring instructor. Her beautiful smile and willingness to be goofy entices participation. Her course has a reasonable amount of reading for a upper division Literature class and she handles difficult topics in a very professional way.
5.0 : r8 8/8 would t8ke again m8. Harris is love, Harris is life.
5.0 : Keith is great! His class is extremely interesting. It is mostly discussions but they are really useful. Cons are that there are too many reading assignments. But those won't affect ya grade much!
3.5 : She's a really good professor, but her lectures can be a bit challenging to follow. Office hours and the textbook will become your friend. She grades VERY strictly BUT, do not be discouraged. Finish out the quarter even if you fail the first and second exam. She curves based on overall class learning.
5.0 : This class sure sets the tone for BEE 233. I feel I am more prepared now having learnt so much in this class. Definitely Recommended!
5.0 : Best teacher I've ever had even compared to UW Seattle instructors. Very very very very clear and explains remarkably well.
5.0 : Definite the best teacher I've ever had at any school! very funny, very smart, and very good at explaining things. She makes the hardest lectures, easy to understand. always available to help students. Her exams are fair and if you listen in class and do the labs and homework you will get an A. Definitely my favorite. I would take her class again:)
3.5 : She often writes a lot of equations and values on the whiteboard, so if you don't sit near the front of the class you might want to bring binoculars.
4.0 : She is one of the best professors I've ever had. Her lectures are very clear. She is very helpful. Exams are fair! Loved her class :)
5.0 : Lovely Teacher..... being taught by Ms. Sohini Roy Chodhury since 1992. Successfully led the role of Guide/Philosopher/Friend/Phooly in my life.  Will love her till last breath, probably after that too....
5.0 : Loved the class!
4.0 : Sohini really pushes her students.  Very high expectations, but it was refreshing and felt like an accomplishment to get through.  Tests are weighted heavily and the class moved quickly, but very interactive and applied at the same time.  She wants students to succeed and takes time to help, but you need to put in the time and earn her respect too.
4.0 : Seyed is a super super nice guy who is very into his material.  The lectures are long and arduous (especially if you're not an econ/business major), but he makes up for it with humor and very useful information.  Preps you very well for tests, and lots of opportunity for credit with daily quizzes and weekly homework.  Very easy to work with.
4.0 : It's very important you attend this class or you won't do well, plain and simple. I managed to do fairly well but I've taken Economics previously. Participation is not discussion based but you will have 1-2 quizzes every day, these scores will make up your participation grade. Very approachable, nice guy. More than happy to help his students!!!!!!!
5.0 : He is very helpfull. I enjyed taking his class.
4.5 : This Professor is a great professor! For this specific class do not be afraid to take him, he is very nice and he gives pop quizzes for attendance only; it is really easy. For the first two exams he gave one page of notes which was really helpful! Overall he throws in humor with his lectures! I really enjoyed this class! Would take him again!
5.0 : Seyed is my favorite professor at UWT. He is great. There are daily in class quizzes that are really easy, but you must show up to class to receive credit for them.
5.0 : He's a great professor! I learned A LOT in his class. He explains very well and makes sure all students understand the information. He's very helpful and nice.
1.5 : Okay so this was probably the most painful and slow class I've had to bear at the UW. He did not accomplish much, his assessment design was weak, his pace was too slow and it was all theory and no real world stories to speak of. If you're into textbook theory and don't mind waiting forever to get to the point then this is for you.
1.5 : Doesn't explain well in class. Need to follow him to office hours to get full understanding. Poor grammar on questions makes it confusing and irritated me a lot. Needs to work on his material, exams and class presence.
5.0 : took for intro to macro. Seemed ridiculously easy however his grading scale is brutal needing a 98% for a 4.0. Always tried to relate what we were talking about to real world concepts and showed some cool videos. he also responds to emails incredibly fast even at late hours like 2am. All in all he was pretty chill pretty easy.
5.0 : Hes like the 5'5 version of James Bond, funny, down-to-earth, and very slick. Very lenient office hours, and has daily end-of-class quizzes that you get an automatic 80% for just attempting the problems. Only complaint is I did all the extra credit and finished with a 108% in the class but got a 3.9 because he grades on a curve. Great guy though.
5.0 : Very good class. He's able to teach effectively but also very lenient on grading, and as long as you come to class the daily quizzes are simple and he pretty much will guide the class through them. Hes kinda funny so even if you have no interest in economics it makes the lectures bearable. The hw is light and easy. didnt use the course book ever.
3.5 : Easy to get a good grade if you show up to class &amp; do your work. He is good at teaching the main points in a simplified way, but you don't get to dive too deep into the material. Nice prof, if you don't understand just ask him and he will help. Lectures can get boring if you are not interested in economics. Quizzes are easy-just for attendance.
4.5 : Lectures are kinda boring and based off of a book but the book is free so that's nice and it's not mandatory to read it either. Grading scale is ridiculous with a 4.0 needing a 98%. Most of his assignments are pretty easy and he has pop quizzes every day but even if you get every question wrong he still gives you a 70%. fast email response.
5.0 : Prof. Karimi's lectures are very easily understood and engaging. I'm someone who's struggled with other econ courses in the past, but the method Prof. Karimi uses has helped me a lot. He's very sweet and knows a lot about what he teaches, and tries to ensure that all students are understanding the material. Great guy!
5.0 : I would definitely take him if you get the chance. Very honest, helpful, and funny. He can be harsh on grading quizzes at times (only 5% of grade) but 80% of the grading is on the Final (no mid-term) and final paper.
5.0 : Her playwriting class was great. I learned a lot in terms of dialogue. She provides tons of feedback on anything you ask her to review, and her grading is broken down to ensure it's crystal clear.
4.0 : Jintao was my TA for Chem 142. I didn't have a good first impression of him but that was because of the class. He's actually really nice. If you go to office hours he'll help you until you get it. Labs were also good, he was always willing to help. He's a tough grader so you have to earn your grade but, overall, great TA but difficult class.
5.0 : Karina is smart and beautiful. Just like in any humanities class, if you participate in class she'll know that you know what you're talking  about and you'll probably get a better grade. That's what I did. Really clear and helpful. Loved her as a TA.
5.0 : Yannick explains the material very well and provides a lot of office hours for you to learn the material.  He's pretty funny in a quirky way. The class is like a lot of other math classes at the UW. Two midterms, a final, and one assignment a week. The tests are hard but you can do well on them. He provides practice tests too.
5.0 : Amazing TA. Very clear and organized, and really just a fun guy to be around.
5.0 : Great class. Lot of HW, but by the time you need to write the papers you'll have done all the parts. The work itself is graded as credit/none, except peer reviews. Good on clarifying during class/conferences to improve your writing. Underlying concepts will help a ton with BIOL 180. Like BIOL 180, you'll definitely leave with more than a grade.
4.5 : great class - a lot of work, but assigned in manageable chunks. learned a lot about scientific writing, and helped me with the bio 180 class.
3.0 : The hw can be a little unclear but she if there's some confusion she will clarify! I feel like she doesn't give enough of her personal feedback so it's hard to know exactly what she thinks you need to work on and what you need to edit on papers. Other than that, it's a good class to learn about scientific writing!
5.0 : Taking The College Life Experience was a really great chance to do my own research. You write a 5 page research proposal and a 10 page literature review as your final, but she incorporates lots of time into the schedule to make sure you're doing it in time. Super nice. Articles to read every week but not hard. I would definitely recommend her.
5.0 : Jason is an awesome professor, as well as just an awesome guy. He's passionate about disability and special ed, and backs up the passion with plenty of knowledge. He's also very helpful and accessible to students. Definitely try to take a class with him, especially if you are interested in special education.
3.0 : Jason is a nice prof and he REALLY cares about what he is teaching. This class is really interesting because he is so damn passionate about everything he says. Most of it is online and you only meet 6 times during the quarter. There is a lot of assignments but its due every Sunday so its easy to get done. Kind of a weird guy but a good teacher
5.0 : I'm so thankful to have had Tiffany as my TA last quarter. I've skipped all of my previous classes at least once EXCEPT for hers. Her quiz sections were engaging and she's always available for extra help. The overall LSJ course was great but I really believe Tiffany made my entire experience in this class that much more interesting.
5.0 : Tiffany is a great TA. She is not a hard grader.
5.0 : Professor Kebeli is the best. She is very kind and super smart. Take her class and you will learn a lot.
5.0 : Sevim is the best!
5.0 : Awesome!!!!! Professor Kebeli, you rock!!!!!!!!!!!!
4.5 : Sevim is a  caring teacher who is there for you!
3.5 : Talant is a great professor and extremely knowledgable not only in language classes, but also about the cultures and countries whose languages he taught. Sometimes his English is a little hard to understand, which makes homework more difficult, but he is a great resource if you need help.
4.5 : Talant is an INCREDIBLE professor! I took this class knowing very little of Central Asia, and he did a fantastic job teaching us and bringing us into his culture. We watched quite a few movies which was fun and the class as a whole was pretty easy. By the end of the quarter our class felt like a family, and he even taught us a Kyrgyz folk song!
5.0 : Took his class, focused more on students learning the content. Big on participation and attendance.
4.0 : The class had two lectures with usually around 50-70 pages to be read before each everything else was pretty light in terms of work load. He really enjoys discussions and most of the grade is based off of them.
5.0 : Excellent, really nice professor. Very soft-spoken, but had interesting &amp; knowledgeable lectures. I took 2 classes with him, and in both we had to do a lot of reading and presentations, but we also watched some great movies. I learned a LOT about Central Asia!
4.0 : Good instructor, sometimes sprints through concepts on the board, literally becoming breathless, but is good at clarifying things when asked. Midterms were fair, final was hard. Definitely very enthusiastic about math.
4.0 : I had him for Biochemistry I and II (B BIO 364 and 365) and it has been the perfect balance--not too hard yet not too easy. Homework is optional (non-graded), testsexams are the only thing you are graded on which is either good or bad depending on who you are.  Exams were a piece of cake if you complete the study guide he posts.
4.5 : Great professor! So glad to have him as my macro teacher. He is great at explaining materials and always here to help.
5.0 : Hunter was the bomb! He inspired me to get into computer science. His lectures were clear and concise, allowed people to ask questions as he was coding, and had a casual feel to the section. He's got a great smile and laugh, and if you see him around campus he's super friendly! Too bad I didn't have him for 143. :(
1.5 : Not approachable at all.
5.0 : Awesome TA. Seriously one of the nicest most patient people I have ever met let alone among teachers.
5.0 : Literally the best TA I've had at UW.  Patient, explained things WAY more clearly than the professor did, would have failed this class if it were not for Hunter.  He's the man!
5.0 : Hunter #1 TA. If he is your TA, you will be golden  (church).
5.0 : Humorous lecturer. Clear and patient explanations.
1.0 : He's not a good instructor by any means. All examples and explanations are copied from Stuart and other instructors and never write out a single test question by himself.
5.0 : Noah is awesome. By far the smartest, most thoughtful, and most knowledgeable professor I've had. Also, he's a hottie.
5.0 : A great and intelligent professor!
4.0 : Pretty laid back-- nice enough guy. Tests are long but aren't hard at all. HW takes a while because the heat transfer book is awful. He goes through slides pretty fast, but he posts them all, and he has review days where we do problems in class.
4.0 : Very nice and laid back professor. Tests and HW are somewhat long but pretty straight forward. He is there for you when you need him. He goes through lecture slides at the ease of the students understanding, he also posts them all, and he has review sessions where you do problems in class that you don't understand.
4.5 : very much reading assignments, lectures are long. Little bit hard for me
5.0 : Clarita was a great professor who was very approachable and fostered meaningful discussions. The field trips in this class will take you all over Western WA and are really fun (we hung out with dairy cows and hiked along the Snohomish River). I gained a new perspective on indigenous studies after taking this course. Would highly recommend!
5.0 : Prof Wood is the most amazing prof at UW! His notes &amp; lectures are great, and his expectations are clear. He genuinely cares about his students learning. He's great at what he does and I found his passion for the material very motivating. This was one of the few classes at UW where I didn't feel a lack of resources because he was so readily helpful
5.0 : Show up and pass.
4.0 : Not a hard class. Alex is a funny guy and is a really easy grader.
5.0 : In class discussions are really interesting, and he gives good individual feedback on papers. Work load and deadlines are super reasonable. Loved his spin on the course.
5.0 : Dr. Jones-Engle is so knowledgeable and inspiring. Despite the work, she makes you want to go to class every day because  everything she says is so interesting! There is a lot of group work in class which is awesome because I feel like I actually got to know people. And the last day of class she brings cookies. Take a class with her if you can!
4.5 : Dr. Jones-Engel is honestly one of the smartest professors I've had at the UW. She knows what she's talking about without bragging that she coauthored almost every article we find. She gives you a lot of choice in what you get to read and write on and shows an interest in people learning. A really funny and really nice prof!
5.0 : Yu Liping is wonderful. I was dreading taking Chinese for the Certificate of International Studies in Business program, and she actually made it my favorite class. There are 2 quizzes, 1 hw, and 1 chapter test each week. The class is extremely fast paced and requires a lot of work to stay up to speed, but an absolutely recommended Chinese teacher.
5.0 : I loved taking Chinese from her, she is always incredibly kind and knows what she is doing. The class itself is pretty hard, but she made it interesting with fun examples. Be aware there are multiple quizzes per week (usually 2-3), but as long as you pay attention and study you'll be fine.
5.0 : Yu laoshi was an amazing teacher. She would make sure everyone understood the material and always took time to give help to students after class if needed.  Her lectures were so fun to listen to and I never found myself bored. She shows that she truly cares about her students' success and will take more than her office hour time to help students.
4.5 : This is a difficult class and you have to work for your grade. But if you're willing to work, she'll give you the grade you deserve. She's an amazing teacher and really cares about her students. I struggled through this class, but she helped me through it and was genuinely excited for me the first time I got 100% on a quiz. Definitely recommend.
4.0 : Investments was a very tough class but the prof was great. Very in-depth and detailed lectures. Be sure to participate and get him to learn your name.
3.0 : He has blunt Greek humor, but truly wants to help you so don't take his tone personally. Class is basically doing 30 slides of examples and HW is graded on completion. So long as you put in the practice, you should be fine. Average on the midterm was over 90%, so he made the final really tough (most ppl didn't finish) so that tanked my grade.
5.0 : Andreas is an excellent teacher. He is harsh and won't baby you but he is probably the best teacher I've had at UW in my three years of studying here. He really tries to make sure you understand what you're learning and why it is so important.  You need to go to class to understand his slides, study for the test a lot, and you'll be fine.
5.0 : He is an amazing lecturer. He gives clear explanations and makes sure students understand them. Tests are tough, but  fair. Understand the practice problems well and you'll do fine. He goes off on tangents when there is no participation, and has a lot of text on his slides. The second case was much harder than the first. Otherwise, fantastic prof.
5.0 : Mr. Epstein, I like Your glasses.
5.0 : I love Professor Hastings! His lectures are very clear and he tells you exactly what is important to know for the tests. Good use of examples. Somehow, he makes learning about income taxes interesting! Only 3-4 hw assignments, and around 3 exams. All very manageable. The material can be technical and dry, but he keeps it all light-hearted.
5.0 : To address the lecture heavy factor - this is a tax class. There are numbers involved but for the most part it's the little things that matter in this class. Professor Hastings  will remain as one of my top five instructors at UW-T. He was very clear on what sections were tested on exams, and were not. He made tax more interesting!
5.0 : He's super nice and passionate. All you need to do is coming to class, the test will be super easy if you read his power point slides and doing all homework(he correct the homework on board in class). He's always willingly to help even the students ask silly question. Take him and you'll get A for sure.
5.0 : Really enjoyed this class. Bit lecture heavy but extremely open to answer questions that you may have. Three quizzes, three tests, homework every week. Really  fair on his grading material, provides pre-tests that are fairly spot on.  Fantastic communicator with his students! Homework is really important but if you have an emergency he is flexible.
5.0 : Professor Hastings has been one of my favorite professor so far at UWT. Very clear with what you need to know for exams and willing to help any time you need it. His lectures are intriguing. Class consists of 4 graded homework assignment's (tax returns) and 3 exams. Non-cumulative final. No group project.
5.0 : He is the only good accounting teacher I have had at UWT.  This was a tax class so you can imagine how boring it is.  But Hastings clearly has a lot of experience in the tax world and his experience and knowledge shines through to make this class somewhat bearable. Very reasonable expectations for grading and very clear when answering questions.
4.0 : Jimjames trys his best to help students learn. He likes to guide us think and is very patient when it comes to questions. He is a good TA !
4.0 : He likes to ramble on for long periods of time about current political events - I love it - not everyone probably would, though. He's extremely friendly and approachable. His tests are open note and open book and easy to do well on. This is what I think intro classes should be: low-stress, enjoyable, and relaxed. Prof. Laplante is a cool dude.
5.0 : This guy is amazing. He talks about current events and events relevant to the book. I never opened the book. His exams are based off what he covers in class and he is extremely chill. He lets you retake. The discussion board he makes you post every sunday are awesome because they r relevant and you can really rant out. Would take again. Hilarious.
4.5 : She's only a TA but in this class, that's pretty much the main instruction. Sara is super awesome and I'd recommend getting her as your TA
5.0 : Mr. Ross is a great teacher. I transferred to UW last winter and took him that winter. I e-mailed him about how the increase in school load was stressing me out. He responded with much compassion and helped me with any questions. He really wants you to understand the material. He will even explain it in as many ways possible just to make it clearer
4.5 : Professor Olga is AMAZING! She is always there for you to help you! She is very funny and outgoing! Her positive attitude and  mood makes the class to pass faster and be interesting! If you do your homework and come to class, you will always understand the subject! I would take her again!
4.0 : Best math teacher I've ever had, by far. She is super inspiring and deeply, deeply cares about each and every student in a way I didn't think was possible. She's funny and energetic. Olga loves math but used to hate it so she relates to students very well. She was extremely fair grade-wise and understanding of errors. Olga helped me to love math!
4.5 : Pretty difficult subject matter but Olga makes it fun and easy. If English isn't your native tongue, she's multilingual: Russian, French, German, and English. She is a great math teacher and an awesome person! My only problem with Olga is that she doesn't teach calculus; I don't know what I'll do without her!
1.0 : Olga was a nice instructor; she seems to care for her students and is undeniably knowledgeable when it comes to math. She seems to have a good understanding of discrete math.   She neglects teaching and gives us homework weeks before she 'covers' the material in class. She barely covers important Discrete math concepts needed for future classes.
5.0 : Olga is by far the best math professor you will find. She cares for her students and wants nothing but the best. She is forgiving and will give students an extension on assignments if they are unable to get it done on time. We have had a pizza party twice in her class! Take her class if you can. I promise you will not regret it!!!
5.0 : Olga was probably my favorite instructor I have had so far at UWT. She has a great vibe, and was so understanding of the fact that no one is perfect, and that discrete mathematics is a very complicated subject that requires a different kind of thinking. She really helps you feel comfortable and unafraid to ask questions and learn. I loved her- A+!
5.0 : She was awesome! If you are good at math and have already taken Calculus II or higher, you will do well in her class. She is very knowledgeable and can present alternate explanations, however most of the material I learned doing the online homework. With that being said, she was probably one of the best teachers I've ever had.
2.0 : She is very funny, nice, and loves math. However, she is disorganized and random. She basically just did homework problems on the board and test questions were almost all from the homework and examples in the book. Her test prep was given the night before tests and essentially said look at homework and examples. She's nice, but a horrible teacher.
5.0 : Olga was incredibly approachable and nice and offered a lot of outside of class help. She's entertaining and sometimes unconventional but her class was my favorite that quarter.
3.5 : Very energetic and exciting professor! Expect quite a bit of homework. She gives out a handfull of quizzes and a few tests plus the final, but homework and group work helps to cushion your grade. Its a fast course but she does a good job of explaining everything and giving some great examples. Plus she is hilarious and makes math fun!
5.0 : She is a vey awesum professor. Have no words . Very helpful all the time. Math 120 is very hard but she makes it very easy for us and all the lectures were very clear
5.0 : She is great, helpful and funny teacher. All I just want to say, she makes me love math again.
5.0 : Olga is awesome. She has a Russian accent, but isn't hard to understand (she's been in the US for a long time now) She knows and absolutely LOVES math. She's quite funny and wonderful to have as a teacher. She is very realistic and understanding, and obviously has a great concept of math and how to teach it.
5.0 : Professor Olga has been teaching and studying math for over 30 years, so she definitely knows her mathematical concepts as well as relating them in a way to teach others. She expects you to come to class to learn, yet is willing to sacrifice her own time to make sure a student succeeds in the class by learning the material. She is quite funny, too.
4.5 : This teacher was AMAZING. The best math teacher I have every had. She is very helpful, and very lenient, and her lectures are GREAT! I really really recommend you guys taking her. She doesnt give second chances, she gives a hundred chances on you HW and wants you to succeed in this class. If you walk to her, she will run to you!
4.5 : Olga teaches very quickly, so I had to put in many hours outside class trying to understand the assignments. Fortunately, she is thrilled (I mean thrilled) to answer questions. Her class was very student-centric, and she is happy to do whatever is necessary to help you succeed. If you have the choice, take Olga and love math!
5.0 : Expect to participate in some group work and also attending her classes is a VERY good idea because skipping will only do you harm. A very friendly and hilarious professor. Went into calculus 1 thinking that I couldn't make it because I was so scared of maths but guess what, Olga made it happen for me. She changed me and I got a 3.5! Confidence
1.0 : Olga is a very sweet lady. however, she is an awful professor. She has jumbled lectures, and doesn't teach the material clearly at all. You teach yourself more on the homework than she does the 2 whole hours of class time
5.0 : Hilarious Russian professor. Me and my friend always talk in a Russian accent to make it fun with her! Great professor, makes the course easy and efficient. 10/10 would take another class with her as the professor.
5.0 : Professor Shatunova is the best math professor I have had, she is very clear when explaining complicated math concepts and gives many examples. No surprises on the exams and she is always willing to help you. Very down to earth when you talk to her. Just do all of the assignments and show up to class and you are guaranteed a good grade!
2.0 : Olga is a really fun and nice person, except as a professor she's kind of all over the place. A lot of in-class assignments don't get entered in Canvas till later, isn't really lenient on grading exams, and lectures for the complete time (no breaks) yet is very hard to understand. Basically have to teach yourself the material for HW &amp; tests.
5.0 : One of the greatest professors I've had at the University of Washington. I've taken three courses with Dr. Novetzke and they are each a highlight of my education in their own right. Dr. Novetzke is incredibly thoughtful, fair, and will go out of his way to help students succeed academically.
5.0 : I was taking this class as a core credit, and was prepared to be bored in a class about the history and modern interpretations of Yoga, but I was beyond wrong! He made the course material so interesting and fun to learn about! I would highly recommend taking his class if you have the chance, as it is BEYOND fun! Just show up and read the books. :)
5.0 : Christian is a kind and inspiring instructor. He graded solely based on participation, a low-key group presentation, and an 8-10 page final paper. There were no exams. Easiest class I've ever taken. There was a good amount of reading, but you aren't tested on it, and it was fascinating stuff anyway. I was always looking forward to going to class!
2.0 : You can tell Helene is very passionate about what she teaches, however, I felt like no matter how hard I worked I couldn't quite win. I wanted assignment descriptions in advance, since I work full time this helps me schedule, however she replied no with no real reason why. I spent hours on assignments and responded to critiques. No reply.
5.0 : Helene is fantastic. She'll connect your readings to the real world in a way that other profs don't even bother to do. She has expectations but will work just as hard for you as you do for her. Take her classes - you won't regret it.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable, engaged, passionate and organised.  Provides detailed feedback.  Expects decent standards.  Very responsive and giving of her time.  Also: has real life experience in the professional field - so valuable!
5.0 : Helene is awesome! Not only does she have real life experiences, but she is flexible when events come up in your schedule and is always open to discuss assignments and provide feedback.
4.5 : Extremely engaged and passionate about teaching. Makes an effort to cover current issues related to collection development in libraries as well as bringing in historical information in both the greetings and lectures. Great sense of humor. Professor Williams is a real asset to the iSchool at the University of Washington.
5.0 : By far one of the best online classes i have taken. Her syllabus is very clear &amp; there is not much of a work load. Just weekly 1-2 page(s) reflection papers &amp; a bunch of easy online quizzes. You do have to attend a concert &amp; write a report on it which I suggest you do in the beginning of the quarter so you don't procrastinate. Overall great class.
5.0 : Final grade is based on listening and chapter quizzes performed on InQuizitive weekly, a listening journal written weekly, and a single concert report written after attendance of a concert. Plenty of time throughout the week to finish all of the assignments and the concert report isn't bad either. If you do the work you'll actually learn a bit.
5.0 : This was the best online class I have ever taken. So well organized. Very clear what expectations were. The lectures were very interesting and I learned a great deal. Her class should be a role model for how an online class should be put together. Flexible with late homework, but you do get penalized. Be prepared for a lot of writing.
5.0 : A true gift to UW students.  Davenport is a professional musician, not simply an academic.  She is passionate about music and that comes through in her teaching.  You must have the book - get the digital copy.  Music is accessible through Canvas.  Requires a lot of reading and tons of quizzes (including listening quizzes).  Concert attendance mand.
5.0 : SHE IS AMAZING!!!! Defiantly take her, she is very nice and her class is very interesting!
4.5 : AJ was great! The class was early and long, but she makes any lectures very engaging and tries to get as much student interaction as possible. There is lots of group work and about one essay per week. She is  very friendly, a fair grader, and clearly cares about the relevance of the material.
5.0 : I tend to be the kind of student to just shut up and do the work, but Tesla made entering the discussion fun and inviting (and I don't even like literature). I left her instruction feeling extremely fulfilled, and I'm disappointed I won't be taking any more classes with her. If you're thinking about taking one, just do it. You won't regret it.
5.0 : She has so many great qualities as an instructor. She is super helpful, friendly, and approachable. I can't emphasize them enough! She creates a comfortable classroom environment for everyone by making every lecture engaging and interactive. I found the classroom discussions very interesting and fun. I got a 4.0 in this class with average effort!
5.0 : Tesla is next level! Highly recommend her. Honestly could not have asked for a better professor. She is very clear on what she expects from you and will help you every step of the way.
5.0 : Tesla is the best. The class (Engl 131) is very inspiring, and she gives you a lot of room to write about what you want. She grades hard but I learned a lot and in the end she gave me a good grade. Take this class.
5.0 : she is such an amazing professor, totally passionate about what she teaches.
5.0 : Tesla is AWESOME. She's extremely passionate about English is just the cutest human being ever. She also makes herself available to her students. She's not a hard essay grader (and admits it herself) but she does love having students participate a lot in class.
5.0 : My writing improved SO much when I took this course.  Tesla really made it really interesting and fun, and her feedback helped me in so many ways.
4.5 : Tests are generally not difficult. The pace can be a little fast but all the online homework is due on the day of the test so you can plan ahead. Overall a very good class.
5.0 : Took her class  back in 2014 at UW Bothell. It was BIS 390 Special Topics - Francophone. Anyway, she was fairly new then and didn't have a rate my professor yet. She made the class fun, though the writing and tests were brutal especially if you did not read the book. There were class discussions about the book too. So make sure you read guys!
4.0 : Aimie is a solid choice for learning French.  She will cover all the things you need to know for a test and the things you should know if you're traveling to French speaking countries.  She also provides handouts with a quick run down of new terms/ grammar / etc.  She's a very organized and thorough teacher.
4.0 : Shes aweeeeeesome! She explains everything throughout and always makes sure you're on track. She's never rude (maybe because she's Canadian). And she pretty much makes the class as fun as possible with as much information as possible. She will cold call on you so be prepared, if you don't like to participate in front of the class, skip this prof.
4.0 : Yassss gurl shes the bomb shes just an awesome french teacher. shes got a little attitude to her sometimes but it's not bad just don't be one of those retarded students who is annoying. She's Canadian and talks about it a lot it seemed like. She says "about" funny. But she's pretty gucci overall would rate 10/10. Hate the book and online work.
4.5 : Aimie Shaw is an amazing professor! It is always a struggle to get a French teacher that has a good accent, is patient, and covers all of the course material well--and Mme Shaw met all of that criteria! I feel like she genuinely cares that her students learn and enjoy the class. There was homework assigned almost every night, but it was easy.
4.5 : Yong is excellent! He's straightforward with his expectations and testshomework are  not hard if you take good notes and come to class.
5.0 : I really liked this class Professor Tan is incredibly helpful and understanding. He is super patient with people who obviously were not paying attention in class. My only complaint would be that he is very soft spoken, so can be hard to hear if sitting in the back. He loves it when you participate so don't be afraid to speak up! No textbook needed.
4.0 : Great teacher for a non-majors computer science class. The exams were not too hard, but the class was very homework-heavy. 50% of your final grade is homework assignments! Very smart guy who is willing to help you a lot if you go to office hours. Highly recommend this class with Evan!
5.0 : I can't believe there aren't ratings for him already! He was extremely intelligent and willing to help but also pretty cute and funny.
5.0 : Intelligent, clear, hilarious, just the right amount of sass. A great teacher overall. Would take again.
2.0 : Project heavy, the coding is fun, his code and grading scripts is buggy, be ready to argue for points. Topics covered are extremely relevant to software dev interviews. Very useful. Focuses on data structures and runtime theory. Evan is grad student, medium lecturer, often is late with his deadlines, and has little practice material. Overall fine
5.0 : Let me choose more positive tags, darn it! He's friendly, bright, approachable, a great lecturer when he subs. Helpful in so many ways. I wish the entire class had been taught by him. Also... super cute. Wish it wasn't inappropriate to hit on TAs. :)
5.0 : Ilmari Ivaska is a very professional, knowledgeable instructor of the Finnish language. He knows his stuff well and really wants to share it with you. He may seem shy at first, but is actually so friendly and engaging you'll be speaking Finnish without realizing it. A sincere person, he is able to make the difficult Finnish language easy and fun.
5.0 : Ilmari is a talented language teacher. He is very helpful with grammar. Classes are varied and engaging, and he is very patient. He has a good heart and good morals in place- I've found him to be supportive of minority students.  And he's very much a Finn. :)
5.0 : Amazing TA; his note packets are your key to surviving every course that he's in. His giggle is also adorable. He has the innocence of a 5 year old :)
3.0 : She gives points for attendance. During class she will call on various students. You barely have to read the textbook, just look over the vocab. Homework is daily. The tests aren't tough but be careful of trick questions. The final papers are very short. I wouldn't stress. Even people with minimal knowledge can get a 3.9 in this class.
5.0 : Had minimal knowledge. The class was fun, and interactive. She is very, very, very helpful in office hours. She is clear on what's on tests.
5.0 : I took all three levels 113, 211 then 311 with co Bich. I could speak some Vietnamese before the class and just needed to work on writing, reading. Co Bich was so kind and helpful. She let me upgrade one level after each class I took, which was nice to get the credits I needed. I am grateful to be able to talk to/write mom and grandparents now.
5.0 : I took the whole first year sequence with C Bich (she's super nice!): There are 3 tests total and a final. Participation isn't mandatory but she does have a participation portion in the grading. There is homework every day (except weekends) but they are easy Also, She gives out easy extra credits! Worth 10 pts - the whole class is 100 pts.
4.0 : Very good Professor. Really nice, understanding, and funny. Willing to help students if you ask. Has daily hw, but its not hard. Extra Credit.
3.0 : Just lots of vocab, she doesn't teach proper sentence structure too much. If you already know Vietnamese, Viet111 will be a breeze but if you dont, be prepared to be overwhelmed. You get 5 free attendance passes, after that she starts taking off points. There's 3 tests and 3 hw assignments, and has extra credit too. Try not to mess up too much. GL
3.0 : Class was optional, so only a few people show up, and even when you do, you do pointless things like pictionary. He's really monotone, but he knows what he's doing when it comes to writing. Took forever to grade papers, so it was really hard to see what areas you need to improve in.
5.0 : Steve Is the MAN! One of the nicest people I have ever had the pleasure of taking  class with. I learned so much about science and scientific papers in this class as well as familiarizing myself with biotechnology, scientific methods, and scientific misconduct. One time, Steve brought us popsicles.
5.0 : Steve is super nice and one of the most caring instructors I've had. Feedback on assignments is really helpful and I learned SO MUCH about how to read scientific papers (you are gonna read a bunch though so get ready). Really laid-back class and made reading + interpreting scientific papers so much easier. Shoutout to popsicle day that was great
5.0 : I regret not being more involved in this class, Steve is a great instructor and cares about his students. While he is disillusioned with the scientific community he doesn't discourage his students from STEM, but does bring up a lot of topics you won't hear anywhere else on campus. It is an English class so lectures happen, but not too long
5.0 : Stephen Maley taught this class in conjugation with the intro biology series. Great if you are looking for experience in scientific writing. He dedicated time to reviewing material from the linked course and interesting discussions about relevant topics. Would highly recommend to anyone looking to learn from an experienced and entertaining teacher.
5.0 : The best professor I've had at the UW thus far. Professor Maley cares about his students and the content he's teaching. His assignments and feedback were extremely helpful. I've learned how to properly approach a scientific paper, and more about the scientific community. Both subjects I wouldn't have learned elsewhere.
5.0 : He's knowledgeable and attentive to his students. The essays you have to write may be a little difficult but he's very accessible and provides a lot of guidance and help.
5.0 : One of the best college courses I've taken. Tom's easygoing attitude and pragmatic approach to teaching made it enjoyable to learn a tough subject. Participation in class is extremely important, so read ahead and come ready to contribute. The first exam is a doozy, but they get better as the quarter goes on. Memorization is key when studying.
4.0 : Really fun to have someone in the auditibg business teach the class. His knowledge and humor make the class fun.
5.0 : If you have the opportunity to take Tom's audit class, do. He brings a great deal of practical experience to class, and lightens up an otherwise boring subject with his sense of humor. Teaches primarily from the textbook, with a few case studies sprinkled in. Tests can be tough, but are manageable as long as you pay attention in class.
5.0 : He is very good, helps students and gives real life examples. There is a lot of material to cover, but tests are not very hard if you study carefully.
4.5 : Mike was one of the most enthusiastic professors I've ever had! The way he does his lectures makes everything you're learning about really interesting. If he keeps the same format he did during Winter quarter, quizzes and homeworks are biweekly; a quiz one week, but no hw, and vice versa. He uses TOP HAT, and it's participation pts! Go to lectures!
4.5 : Great teacher!! He is super excited to teach about weather and you can tell he absolutely loves the subject. He will spend more time on any topic he feels that the class does not understand. I went to every single class because there was no panopto. Quiz section will get you easy partic. points. It's an easier NW but can't say it's an easy 4.0.
1.5 : The class was fairly interesting besides the entire lecture being repetitive powerpoint slides. Mike has a great humorous side. But, Mike is an incredibly unfair grader. The class is a 100 level class and he graded it like a graduate level class. Would not recommend taking his class.
4.5 : He is very reasonable and fair. If you go to class you will know the topics and understand what is on the test. Very kindhearted teacher!! There are a lot of lectures BUT its just because you have to know the material and he had several interactive activities throughout the quarter. HIGHLY recommend.
5.0 : Looking back, this is one of the best classes I've taken at UW. The topic is crazy interesting, relevant, and constantly developing. Warner explains everything in a relatable and unbiased way. If you go to class and actually engage it is pretty easy to do well. Highly recommend this class to anyone interested in the future of our planet!
5.0 : Summer Q, full term class. Prof. Warner is a great guy; very kind, approachable, and understanding; he looks out for you. Covers mat. in class - book unnecessary. HW every other week, 'activity' every once in a while for participation credit, 3 exams (long answer, final is cumulative), and one (4 pg., 2 spaced) straightforward paper. Great class.
5.0 : Professor Warner is an amazing professor! He is very kind and willing to make sure EVERY student understands the lecture concepts. Lectures are loaded with information, but he will take his time go over the topics. He is very excited on the subject and lectures can be very interactive, which enhance the experience. Minimal homework and readings.
5.0 : Easy to pass the class if you participate and attend the class. He's really down to earth person who really cares for the students. I highly recommend to take his class.
5.0 : He is really good teacher, very care for students, he feels like if you do not get a good grad, that is his fault. Although there are a lot of small quiz, but very easy, only take about 10 mins to prepare. If there is any problem, just talk to him. This is a language class, so you need to prepare for the exam, but it will be really easy to get A.
5.0 : Awesome Japanese professor! Super friendly and will go to great lengths to help you succeed! Always a joy to be in his class!
5.0 : Really nice and good at lecturing, she provides lots of interesting perspective and helps you think in ways you wouldn't have considered before. Not very tough on grading.
5.0 : Denise is a great teacher. She's passionate about what she's talking about and truly cares about whether or not students understand the concepts. She grades fairly easily--if you do all the work you'll get a good grade. There is quite a few reading assignments to keep up with, but nothing unreasonable. Take her class if you can!
5.0 : Denise was one of the best professors I've had at the UW. Lots of reading, but she's one of the most understanding teachers I've ever come across. Take her class, you won't regret it.
5.0 : Professor Denise is one of the best English professors here at UW. I'm not very good at English and I ended up with good grade in her class. She is really inspiring, caring for students, and interested in students learning.  She only teaches in Spring quarter and Winter (maybe). Would recommend her!
5.0 : Denise is one of the best English professors that I've taken. I'm not a fan of English, but I learned a lot in this class. She is really nice and she is really interested whether her students learn or not. Talk to her if you need help with the essays and stuff.  I recommend her for English 131.
4.5 : While the class is challenging, if you want to learn Chinese Bi Laoshi will teach you. By far and away one of the most skilled instructors I've had, and I look forward to continuing to learn the language under her watchful eyes.
4.5 : Don't get intimidated when you first meet Bi Laoshi. She could give a scary vibe during class but she means very well! The asian strictness? If you talk to her outside of class she's totally willing to help you, very understanding. Be sure to come to class. There are also daily homework assignments.
4.5 : This class was awesome! Daniel is very personable and interesting! If you show up to each class and do the assignments, you can easily get a good grade! Would highly recommend to everyone!!
2.0 : This course was a lot of work for 3 credits. There is multiple group papers and a 20 min presentation.  This coupled with a midterm and final exam as well as long and dry readings made me regret taking this course. The professor is nice, but the workload doesn't represent a 3 credit course.
5.0 : Jonathan is always accessible after class, and if you email him. He's incredibly kind and passionate about his work. He is full of knowledge and compassion. He is ever curious and asks the class how we feel about concepts after lecturing about them. I hope to someday do as much good in the world as he does. Course readings are worthwhile.
5.0 : Favorite professor ever
5.0 : Favorite professor ever, loved it
4.5 : Great guy, solid class, real content
2.5 : talks too much about irrelevant information to the class. drags out class. 2 hours feels like 2 days.
4.0 : Great guy, solid class.
5.0 : Solid guy, great class.
5.0 : I took her for Data Structures and she was my favorite teacher. Shes very helpful, friendly, and makes her lectures very entertaining. You have group projects but she grades very lightly and I found her in class to work to always be on the tests. Best CS professor so far.
4.0 : This was a lab course that basically allowed students hands-on experience with lab techniques such as western blotting, imaging, gel electrophoresis, and making medium. There were only three quizzes which were fairly challenging but doable if studied the lab manual thoroughly. The grading of the class was fair and participation was worth the most.
4.0 : Because 402 is a lab-based class, be sure to take it with a friend lest you be partnered with someone you don't know all quarter. Alex has pretty low expectation about students' previous experience in bio labs and takes the time to walk each student through common lab procedures. Lab classes can be long but satisfying if you do them well
5.0 : Julia is so nice! I never knew sociology would be an interesting field until I took her class. She is a great instructor! Explain things well and always there for you when you need help. Recommend her for those who are taking sociology.
5.0 : He's one of the smartest brains I've ever seen. His intelligence in probability is exceeding the human limit. Besides, he explains clearly, smartly and in a human understandable way. He also gives chocolate and brownies to class. I can't seek for another TA like that. He's the best.
5.0 : Extremely friendly and clear explanations for a difficult class. Highly recommend.
5.0 : He was my TA for CSE 142 and was quite helpful. His explanations were very clear.
5.0 : The BEST organic chemistry professor I had at UW during the 3-part series. Lectures are fantastic; very clear and extremely well organized. He is really funny and helps you learn the material better than most other professors. His tests were really different in difficultly level because it was his first time teaching the course. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Really liked Dr. Zalatan as a professor, would highly recommend to anyone. Genuinely enjoys teaching students, and he makes sure you know what to expect when it comes to exams and such. Focuses on biochem a fair amount, just so you know. Top 5 professors I've had at UW (bioc major).
5.0 : He is the best ochem professor I have ever had. He has amazing notes and really cares about whether students learned or not. He tries his best to eliminate unnecessary topics from the book. His office hours are great so try and go to those.
5.0 : This is an easy class. There will be one difficult question on the  midterm. Any other questions are from his lectures.
5.0 : This was very difficult class content, but he taught it very effectively.  I would definitely recommend him!
4.0 : Professor Zalatan knows his stuff. He is very passionate about biochem. This class will provide a good transition to those who wants to go into biochem! His lectures are very clear and he answers lots of questions along the way. His exams are pretty tough, and has low averages.
5.0 : Prof. Zalatan always emphasizes understanding over memorizing--and he's right. He's one of my top favorite professors. It's rare to  have a good professor in the chemistry department, so that's saying something. I enjoyed taking o chem with him. It's definitely not easy, but manageable. You wone't go wrong with taking him if you're a good student!
5.0 : Really wants the students to learn and stresses understanding the concepts over memorization. It was his first time teaching so there were some bumps along the way, but with a few more quarters under his belt he will be one of the better professors at the UW. Tests are the usual for OCHEM, averages around 40-50%.
5.0 : Zalatan was one of my favorite professors because all of his tests were really straight forward and his lecture slides had everything you needed to know. I did not go to class everyday and managed. Also his worksheets are very similar to his tests, he reuses some questions exactly but in a different question. It was a good 4.0, not easy though.
4.0 : His lectures are very clear, and he cares about whether students understood or not. However, the level of the test fluctuates too much. It might be because it was his third time teaching a class, though. I believe that this wouldn't be a problem as he teaches more classes.
1.0 : Do not recommend.  His tests are either super hard or super easy.  The inconsistency makes it hard to prepare for his tests.  Also, his handwriting could be difficult to read during lectures at times.
5.0 : I loved Zalatan! It was only his first time teaching but I can tell he is going to be one of the best professors in a quarter or two. His tests are very similar to his worksheets and his lectures. GO OVER HIS CLASS NOTES- it will help so much! He is clear and concise and does not try to trick you.
5.0 : Best public speaking class ever. Hopefully shes around again so others can take it as well. Really fun, laid back prof. 8.510 hotness for sure. Great feedback and really encouraging.
5.0 : Had my 1st quarter as a frosh in a 100+ person class. Extra exam review sessions w/FOOD! Chill &amp; approachable. Knew a lot of people had multiple mid-terms on the same day (chem, physics, calc) so changed quiz section assignment to give us a break. Brings snacks to her quiz sections. Good letters of rec. Only drawback is class had a lot of readings.
5.0 : Lisa is an amazing  mentor! Whether you like bugs or not, you probably don't have much experience dealing with them professionally. Don't worry! Lisa is always there to help. Quite a few people were initially afraid of bugs. But at the end of quarter, we all enjoyed our time in the lab and outdoor. It will be the BEST class you ever took!
4.0 : Yes! Take her for entomology! I loved her when she was my TA! Solid and super easy going person. Fair grader. Bug collection was a lot of work and a big part of your lab grade but field trips were super cool especially the overnight field trip to Eastern Washington. Wish I could have done my capstone with her. AWESOME mentor.
5.0 : Lisa is definitely the best teacher I've ever had. Her enthusiasm made this class interesting to me. She is a very very niceeasy grader. Even some late assignments get 100%. Gaurenteed high grade if you do all the assignments and field trips. I actually learned a lot and loved going to class... Something I've never had before!
5.0 : Lisa is super chill and is more than happy to help students. She's very approachable and does her best to help students succeed. Overall a pretty easy going class, just make sure you show up because lab is not something you can really make up.
5.0 : Of all my profs, Lisa cares the most students. She really is invested in our success. Clear &amp; quick feedback on papers. Field trips/labs  mandatory. GREAT interdisciplinary ecologist &amp; knows alot abt insects/native plants. Likes student concept competence more than rote memorizing. Has review sessions outside of class. Great @answering questions!!
5.0 : A very caring prof. I felt I could talk to her abt anything. Helped me outside of class. Great at writing letter of rec's. Has exam prep sessions. Great at explaining complex concepts. Clear feedback on writing assignments. Very straightforward in expectations. Best lectures are on fieldtrips!!     !!!! Definitely take her class in the summer !!!!
5.0 : Seriously amazing. Probably the best prof I've had
5.0 : She is a very kindful professor. Her lab is very hard, but you will be fine if you keep communicating with her. She is willing to help student. Nice class.
5.0 : Nicole is an excellent professor for EE 271. She takes the time to answer all of our questions in class and outside of class. She is there to help you through the material and labs. She even came to labs on days that she had off. This shows how willing she is to help her students succeed. Take 271 with her and you will learn a lot. One of the best!
4.5 : Great, personable instructor. Cares about what is going on and your uptake of the information. Will hand hold you through the course, but do not expect a good grade for it.
2.0 : Be ready to study lots of the terminology for the exam. She's a very tough grader.
1.0 : VERY exam heavy. Would never take her class again if possible.
4.0 : Nicole is a great professor. No thanks only does this class cover a topic that has actual real life value on a topic that she has personal expierence with. Wing successful. The class is strait forward and are tested on the lectures that she provides the notes. It doesn't get much easier than that. I learned a ton about startups.
4.5 : As a lecturer, I think she did a good job. Lectures were all slides and would go through them too fast sometimes, but would go back if there were questions. For lab, she knows her stuff really well. Just be ready to have her take over and make your code look like hers if you ask for help. Overall, she's a really nice person and an good teacher.
5.0 : I learned more in 371 from this teacher than I would from any other. You may have more homework with her than the other teachers but if you want to actually learn something, take it from Nicole. She's very helpful and transparent with the class and grading.
3.5 : Very interested in the subject and wants her students to learn. Lectures consisted of lengthy PowerPoint presentations, but at least she reviewed every lecture the next class period. Labs 2-4 all coding.
4.0 : I took it with Nichole in years ago. In this class, she covered lots of materials (almost all the business classes). The exam was 50 questions. Nichole taught us a lot, so I can even taught my friends who is business major. Also, this class helped me to pass FE. I will take with her again. She always loves to help students to learn more.
5.0 : I had Nicole for capstone I &amp; II. She was the best professor I could have asked for. She was there for our group when we needed her help. Though she is not the easiest grader, she is very clear in what she expects and  will give the best feedback on what you did wrong. Take her classes if you want to learn.
4.5 : Nicole is a skull cracker but probably one of the most influential and honest people you will meet. I would consider her a friend and valuable contact. She is extremely willing to help and is EXTREMELY interested in making sure that her students understand and learn the concepts. If you put in the effort you will gain more than any other professor.
5.0 : Nicole is very helpful and easy to approach. I love to take her classes.
4.5 : Nicole is a great instructor who has actual, real world knowledge. Her lectures are supplemented with book illustrations so finding the corresponding text is very easy if you need a lookup. Her slide decks do not have any color in them, so if you are color blind, hooray! Overall a great class with awesome labs.
4.5 : This class was one of my favorites. It is tough, but exciting. The lab was basically all of the homework that we had, but they required additional work. The lab section provided excellent material that will be useful and practical to know and understand. Nicole knows the material, if you have the opportunity to take it with Nicole you should.
5.0 : A very dedicated Capstone advisor and an awesome professor! She is always helpful and explains things clearly, and she has a lot of experience in a number of fields.
5.0 : She very much welcomes all questions lecture and particularly labs. 271 labs aint easy but she helps through every step of the challenge!
4.0 : If u want to really understand BEE 271, Professor Nicole is the best choice for you. Her lectures are long and if you don't understand her lecture, ask her and she will teach the same lecture in a different way (which helps a lot). She will always review the topic in the next class. My advice- Choose a lab partner that is good at programming.
5.0 : I've taken more than 300 university-level credits in my career.  Hands-down, this class is one of my all-time favorites.  Nicole genuinely cares about her students and the quality of her instruction.  The class wasn't easy, but challenges you to think about design principles in digital logic.  If you have the option of taking this class, do it!
4.0 : Nicole is good at discussing real-world practical applications of the material. We got a lot of practice coding/programming in Verilog, which is probably the best part of the class. Nicole was very helpful during lab sessions, and always appreciates student feedback for course/instruction improvement.
4.5 : An amazing teacher who is genuinely teaching because she enjoys it. Energetic and ready to help you on anything. If you don't know or understand something, be sure to tell her. She will be really happy you asked, even more excited to explain.  Each lab is provided with a lecture, and she provides a lot of additional suggestions/hints.
5.0 : Nicole is a great professor that really cares about her students. She is very willing to help when you need her, honest, and reasonable.
5.0 : I've had Nicole for 2 courses now. Both times, she has been a huge help whenever needed. Her expectations are laid out clearly from the beginning. She has tons of experience in business, EE, and CS. Being a business owner herself, teaching CSS371 came naturally. I'd recommend her for any course related to her previously mentioned experience.
4.0 : Overall, I think that Dr. E-T is a great professor. She responds quickly to emails and genuinely cares about how the class is doing. She even gives extensions for assignments, just ask and work it out with her. The only critique I have is that she is slow at grading assignments (e.g., it took her over a month to grade some assignments).
5.0 : Professor Courtney of Tarth is a very good instructor, but she really doesn't care if you do your work, as long as you like Harry Potter and programming.
5.0 : Hollie has been an amazing light and mentor in my life. She has honestly changed my life and I will never forget everything that she has taught me.
5.0 : Tatiana is great! I wouldn't hesitate taking another class with her! Potluck at the end of the quarter too!
5.0 : Tatiana is a great professor! take her class, you won't regret! attend class and do the readings! the easiest 4.0 . she is lols caring and companionate.
5.0 : I had Alex for intro fluid mechanics and grad level sediment transport, and he was amazing for both. Best professor I've had in CEE. He's brilliant but manages to make difficult material accessible and interesting. He's fun to listen to, approachable, and goes above and beyond for his students. His classes aren't easy, but they're worth it.
4.0 : Great professor! Gave a lot of examples and was very open to student feedback to improve the course. Help was readily available and the learning environment as a whole was amazing! Best engineering class I have taken thus far at the UW!
4.5 : The subject was tough and there was A LOT to cover, but Motley was good about providing extra help when needed. He knows his stuff and is great with alternate explanations. However, he is the fastest lecturer I've ever seen. I could barely keep up with what he was writing, let alone what he was saying. You'll need to stop him with questions.
5.0 : Great class!
5.0 : Great TA and respectful of my opinions.
5.0 : One of the best classes I have taken yet! He treats you like you are on the same level as him, super approachable and will do anything to help you succeed! The class is a lot of fun and it makes the learning and class go by really quick! I would take this class or another class with him as the instructor anytime!
5.0 : He is a very funny, caring, knowledgeable, real (authentic) teacher. His lectures are awesome and makes you want to come to class. There is no textbook but reading are provided. Very reading heavy. You'll be reading about it a politics, law, cases, and older texts and words. If you're strong in reading even not in that field I would recommend.
5.0 : Super chill dude. Made topics that would've otherwise killed me from boredom, however, he made them enjoyable.
5.0 : "No textbook, I give PDFs" is music to our ears, and La comes through on that front. He is everything you could want: charismatic, fun lectures, easy grader, and you will probably actually learn something! I am not an education major, but I love teaching and this class inspired me to be a better teacher. Lots of reading, but worth it.
5.0 : He is the best professor I have eve head. He wants you to call him La and prefers not to be called professor because he is a grad student. He is really understanding &amp; is relatable. He gets life happens, money is tight, and etc. Just read, come to class, &amp; you're solid His class is 2.5 hours long but it goes by so fast! 10/10 recommend his class!
5.0 : He is a very caring, authentic, hilarious, passionate instructor. He very much cares about his content that he's teaching. He has an interesting past and he's very different from other professors that we can kind of relate and find him cool. He's a bit disorganized with his class because he himself is a student also. Will accommodate hardship.
4.0 : He is a PhD student teaching assistant. Fun lecturer. Challenging material lots of history and philosophy. Keeps the class from being boring. Not a 'stuffy' professor. Put all the of the readings for this course online, super helpful.
5.0 : Hands down my favorite college professor I've had here at UW. I had La (what he goes by) for EDUC 305 and I actually looked forward to going to his 2.5 hour lectures because of how great a lecturer he is. He's a very fair grader and very open to answering questions and meeting outside of class to ensure your understanding of the concepts.
5.0 : La is the best professor I've had at UW. There is no text book needed because all of the readings he assigns are on canvas. There is a one page reading response every other week. The midterm and final is a paper and they're not difficult. His lectures are 2.5 hours but so worth it! They don't even feel like class.
3.5 : La is a cool guy and easy to talk to, no tests, but a few papers and one group presentation. My biggest complaint was that his class structure was sort of made up as we went along and strayed from the syllabus too much. I was never sure what to expect out of the class because he never had clear cut guidelines.
4.5 : La is an awesome TA. one of the best I have had. Sometimes he strays a bit, but the strays were never irrelevant.  We mostly followed the syllabus, let class vote to change stuff (class as a practice of democracy). Office hours are the way to go if you need help--helped me. Won't give you clear cut path to a 4.0. I thnk he does this on purpose?
4.0 : I think La was good. Respectful of my opinion and interested readings. Met with him about my final paper and it helped greatly. Iinstructions for final were less clear than instructions for law paper we wrote as midterm and I needed extra help. I Will take another class if he teaches one.
4.5 : Got grades this morning. I did good. Very cool guy and easy to talk to and talks to you like a person. Not easy.  learned alot in class. We did not have to buy any books because he scanned all the readings for us. Pretty cool. Lecture, groups discussions, case law study, final paper, and reading responses were the course.
5.0 : Very good.
5.0 : Awesome. Would def. take again if I had the choice. The case paper for midterm was difficult for me because I know nothing about law. La is fun by the way.
4.5 : He was great. Worth taking a class from. I missed a few classes and he was very understanding about it.
5.0 : He is a great teacher,  I heard 308 was tough, but in his class, it is easy!
5.0 : I will take his class again.
4.0 : his explanation is clear, and test is not too hard.
5.0 : he is very patient, and homework is reasonable.
5.0 : Exam is a little harder than homework, but it is fine! it is easy to get a good grade if you do homework well.
5.0 : He's so excited about math all the time, really cares about his students. Even asked our class if we were okay because we weren't talking as much as usual. He'll go over step-by-step how to solve a problem if you don't understand it
5.0 : Ramadas gives clear and well paced lectures.  There wasn't a lot of back and forth between him and my classmates, but I wouldn't say that there should have been.  The concepts in 308 aren't too complex, and you get a fair amount of time to grasp each one before moving to the next.  Great public speaker and fun to listen to.
5.0 : All exams are OPEN NOTES and OPEN BOOK!!!! LITTY Harish is very funny and he really tries to bring out the beauty of linear algebra. Linear algebra is a very abstract concept and you will need to spend a lot of time on your own to internalize stuff.  All the information you need are given through lecture so you don't have to read, just show up.
5.0 : He is incredibly energetic and really cares about his students. His quizzes and midterms were easy, but the final was very difficult! Thankfully, he implemented a generous curve. Make sure you understand the concepts, not just the calculations, and you'll do great! Always ask him for help if needed, he is laid back and wants you to succeed!
5.0 : Awesome Prof
2.5 : This class was pretty good. You gotta do it to take the other data science courses
5.0 : Very inspirational and detailed professor who teaches brilliantly
4.0 : Genuinely caring towards students, and will take time out of his day to help you with  individual applications or life questions.
5.0 : Great fun guy. Willing to go out of his way to help you if you have problems. Also will run into you at the gym or playing soccer. Very relevant teaching - asks great questions and understands what to expect from his students. Obviously this class is not graded but he makes it fun and challenges you to think about your future and prepare for grad.
5.0 : One of the best instructors I've had here. Knows what he's talking about, cares about students, and makes the material interesting.
3.0 : There was an issue with the class website, the only grade we got back the entire quarter was that of our hand-graded midterm. He seemed to grade generously though. Tests are based off of info given in class. Attendance is essential because of participation grade and you need to take notes. Mandatory presentation. Lots of reading for every class.
5.0 : I took sociological theory with him, and he was the best instructor I've had in three years at UW. He makes the material interesting, gives great examples, and explains difficult ideas really well. Super enthusiastic.
5.0 : Issa is an amazing teacher! One of the few classes I've been excited to sit in for 2 hours. Take this class if you have the chance to!
5.0 : It was great class, and really pushed me to think hard about whether or not going to graduate school right after I finish undergrad is right for me. Issa was always enthusiastic even at 8:30am, and his questions and activities were super helpful. I'd recommend this class to anyone thinking about going to any graduate school.
5.0 : Great discussions, great lectures, great class.
5.0 : She is the MOST wonderful person and teacher in the world. Genome is great, they provide printed out lectures, note cards, everything you need. Frances is SO FREAKING NICE. You will without a doubt, LOVE HER. She uses cute cats as examples in lecture material. I would take any genome class if she taught it. Honestly shes the best prof I've had @ UW
5.0 : She answers any and all questions whenever you have them. She's very clear and explains the material very well. She's friendly and more than willing to help. Quiz sections are vital to practicing and understanding the material. Doing the problem sets prepares you well for exams. Participation graded through clicker questions during lecture.
5.0 : Frances is an amazing professor. Super nice, approachable, organized, clear, and challenges your thinking. Prints out everything for you and gives you everything you need to succeed. Couldn't have asked for a better professor. Highly recommend anyone to take her class.
5.0 : Great teacher, it's just easiness can't be a 5/5 in genome 361. Couldn't have asked for a better professor in class though. She's hilarious, cute, and tries to disperse confusion amongst her topics in class.
5.0 : Kevin is a great professor. His class was very well researched and well organized. I learned an incredible amount. I think he did a fabulous job of selecting readings and of leading discussions around them. I definitely recommend Kevin! I really enjoyed learning from him. He is also great for for students with DRS accommodations.
4.5 : Professor Stubblefield has that down-to-earth southern hospitality. Every once in a while you get that professor that really changes your life. Jon changed my life. He has a great sense of style and makes my day more enjoyable. He makes me want to be a better person. We used RoadTrip Nation to help figure out what we want to be. He's a hoot!
5.0 : gr8 person. take her course
5.0 : Nida is a WONDERFUL teacher, I am so glad I took Arabic with her. Arabic isn't as bad as you hear but it IS challenging. She makes it so much fun and has great rapport with her students. She clearly cares and enjoys what she does. She makes Arabic accessible and lots of fun to learn. I wish I could take Arabic with her for my second year!
4.5 : Love this class
5.0 : Keep doing such an awesome job
5.0 : She was born to be an educator
5.0 : It is clear that Nida enjoys coming to class everyday.  She takes the time to get to know her students and recognize what their strengths and weaknesses are. Always available for extra help. You have to attend the class and do the work though.
5.0 : Best teacher I ever had. Nida is very nice and is a good teacher. She loves teaching and she does her best to make us understand everything. She really puts in all the time and effort to make sure every one of her students, no matter what level they are at, understand the material.
5.0 : She does not curve your score but will offer many bonus points, as long as you have an overall grades over 90%, it's a 4.0. And as long as you learn what she teaches, it will be easy for you to get a 4.0. Best math teacher ever.
4.5 : Ms. Naehrig is an extremely nice teacher.  Take her class, she wants you to learn and wants you to succeed.  She gives multiple opportunities for extra credit, including a sizeable amount on the midterm AND final.  She is amazing, she also gives you long extensions on webassign if you want it and she has frequent office hours after class.
4.5 : Natalie is one of the best math professors that I have had at UW. Her lectures are easy to understand and she does plenty of example problems. There are a couple quizzes, one midterm, and a final, but they are all very reasonable, as long as you have been coming to class and doing your homework you will do great.
5.0 : Best math teacher at our university take her class if you can.
2.0 : Heard such great things about her so I took her class. I can honestly say she's not that great. During lectures she would mess up so much that even she wouldn't know what was right &amp; what was wrong. I felt like going to class was pointless since I learned nothing during lectures. More of a self teaching class but the material isn't that bad
4.0 : Sometimes she seems a little scattered, but she's clear in terms of explaining the material. Notes are all posted online. No curve in this class so no need to try to beat other student's exam scores.
4.0 : Her lectures can sometimes be weak, as in she tends to rely heavily on the lecture notes anyways to go through the material. However,  she is really good at answering questions and follow-ups. The more active you are during class the easier the learning will be. Grading is reasonable too.
4.0 : Professor Naehrig is one of the best math professors I've ever had. Usually classes move too fast and the textbook is a terrible way to try to learn on your own, but she has actually rewritten the textbook and uses it as her lecture notes. This way if you miss class, you can easily catch up. Her tests tend to run long, but are very straightforward.
4.5 : There are pop quizzes but they are short and open notes. She doesn't use the book but the HW is based off it. Her lectures go by fast and its the same material as her online notes, except with more thorough examples. I'd recommend going to class to understand the material better because notes alone sometimes aren't clear.
5.0 : Uploads lecture notes to Piazza, so attendance isn't mandatory, but helps clear things up. Moves super slowly at first, but it helped hammer the essentials into my brain for the more complicated stuff.  Quizzes every Friday, drops the two lowest quiz scores, offers extra credit on midterm, final, AND homework. Definitely recommend taking her!
4.0 : Have notes online, tests are not hard if you know and understand the material well. She used Piazza which was very helpful during my quarter.
4.5 : This quarter was Yang Peng's first time teaching CSS422 and as a student who has taken this course two times before in the past, I have to say his version of teaching this class was the best. He was not afraid to listen to the needs of his students, and he did a good job of preparing students for exams. The final was brutal, but it usually is.
4.0 : Lecture are okay, materials for CSS422 is hard. You need to be proactive and ask him in office hours if you don't understand some materials, otherwise playing catch up is not going to work for CSS422. Lots of homework and exercise, which is good to prepare you for Midterm and Final. Fair instructor, and very helpful when students need him.
5.0 : I thought he was a great teacher. He was paying attention to whether students did/didn't understand the material as the lecture went on. I thought that the lectures were great. The midterm for 422 (across all instructors) is quite a lot harder than you'll expect when you're in the class, start studying at least a week in advance.
4.0 : Took CSS332, pretty reasonable and easy grader. But he mentioned that he will grade easier on CSS332, so I assume he will grade  more strict on other class. I like his method of teaching, try to make it easy for you and for him while learning about the material. As of now, I am registering for his other class next quarter.
4.5 : Brian White is a person who is very passionate at what you learn. He wants to make sure that his students do understand the problem and would be happy to help if they get stuck. The class may be busy and tough, but Brian is there to help.
3.5 : Profound knowledge related to the subject matter, she herself is a member of a Native American tribe. Very good lecturer, interested in the opinions and input of students. Always respectful and polite when asked for help. I would take another class taught by her.
5.0 : Dr. Dennison's class gave really great insight with the concepts of social change/ justice, a lot of which I was relatively ignorant about. Came away actually learning something. Midterm and final were papers, with their basis being heavily on the lecture material. Go to  class and take notes. Smart, fair, with a sense of humor. Take.
4.0 : She is pretty nice and teaches well! Loved the class!
5.0 : Loved this class! Professor was extremely knowledgeable and passionate about teaching. One canvas post weekly, a midterm, final, and final project. Fairly easy class if you pay attention and do the readings.
5.0 : She is a very good teacher, very smart and helpful. I highly recommend her if you want to learn a foreign language!
5.0 : Professor Zhang has the patience of a saint and the disposition of a kindly grade school teacher. She is incredible giving with her time and really puts effort into sharing her first language with anyone who shows an interest. There is ALOT of homework, but that is to really make learning Mandarin possible for anyone taking the class. Xiexie Laoshi
5.0 : Professor Bates has been one of my favorite professors in my entire college career. She goes the extra mile to make sure her students understand the material, is very organized, and is helpful in any way you need her. She has clear assignment expectations and grades fairly. I very much enjoyed her class and will miss her!
4.0 : Grading attendance seems unreasonable in a university class, but your attendance will be graded. His tests are pretty difficult, so expect to read. That being said, he is very knowledgable and wants to share what he knows with his students. If you don't understand after lecture, go to his office hours. He's happy to explain it again for you.
5.0 : I have taken classes with nearly every mathematics instructor at UWB, and Paparella is easily one of, if not THE, best one. If you have the opportunity to take a class with him, take it. I only wish that he had been hired earlier so that I could've taken more of his classes.
4.0 : Homework is split in two categories: graded and supplemental. The supplemental isn't mandatory(or graded) but is really useful. Quick and reasonable grader. Theory heavy lectures, but the tests are pretty standard math tests.
4.5 : Pietro is a very good instructor. He's very clear about what he expects from you and assigns take home assignments and tests which are hard if you don't do the homework. We had to do some proofs for this class, so expect them on the exams. Linear algebra is not easy so reading the textbook is sometimes necessary as Pietro moves in a fast-pace.
4.5 : The nicest lady!!!
4.5 : I only took the thin films class because it was the only elective still open. She's a nice lady, and her tests and assignments are fair. She incorporates her research findings into lectures, and it's actually kind of interesting. I didn't realize there was so much to analyze with thin films.
4.0 : He is smart, but because of this he skips many steps of the examples he gives in class. So it sometimes gets confusing. He has plenty of office hours, and  also can make appointment. Although his tests are tough, he will curve the grades, and as long as you learn the material, you'll be fine.
4.0 : Good at covering what you need for exam and answering questions, and she does a lot of group discussions.
5.0 : Ellen is very engaging when she is covering the material. Just make sure to participate and ask questions. She makes pretty good jokes and expressions. Also, she dresses classy!
5.0 : Jondou really care about your well-being, and makes this class very impactful. This class was very interesting through new perspectives about all different aspects of identity. Nothing in this class is busy work, everything comes together and will make you realize what an impact this class will have on your future for every major and career path.
5.0 : The best class I have ever taken. If you have a chance to take a class with Jondou, do it. It will literally change your life.
5.0 : Unbelievable, changes your whole perspective. Jondou is the best professor I have had at the University of Washington.
5.0 : Fantastic, caring professor with challenging topics and discussions!! Highly Recommended!!
5.0 : Great Great class! TAKE IT!
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I've ever had at the University of Washington. His ability to teach a class, but at the same time have the students guide discussion is the best I have ever seen. This class changed my perspective on how I view things and will really open you up to the world that you've never thought about. Would take over and over.
5.0 : Spicey spice flavor flave riley is the best TA. Even though his jokes were underwhelming, he is the secret sauce to acing this course. HE IS GOD!!!
5.0 : //Riley Chang is the secret sauce to passing CSE 142.  assert(                Class( "CSE 142" ).setTA( "Riley Chang" ).equals( "inspirational",                                                                                                                              "knows his stuff" ) );
5.0 : Riley was awesome! Knows his stuff. And definitely a pepper (;
5.0 : Riley is the man. He cares a lot about his students and his coding skills were probably bestowed upon him by a magical wizard because they are truly out of this world. Definitely a good TA to have for 142.
5.0 : Friendly teacher. Always there to answer questions. You do need to attend classes everyday, participation matters. Work hard on portfolio and you should do well.
4.0 : She is the most cheerful teacher ever, sometimes even a bit too much. Took Engl 131 winter quarter and it was a nice relaxing class. As long as you speak up and get on her good side/ make a unique portfolio you will be fine. Never do the reading it is unnecessary.
5.0 : She's pretty much the nicest, smartest and most patient professor I know. If you work hard, she can help you become an excellent writer. Recommended.
4.5 : She's kind and helpful.
4.0 : Ms. Macklin is ALWAYS cheerful and helpful. Participation definitely  matters as if you even miss one assignment, it can drop your grade a lot. But it is so easy to maintain a 4.0 because besides the portfolio at the end, everything else is graded based on whether you completed it or not. Just write well for the portfolio!
5.0 : One of the best professors at UWB. Great and informative lectures. She's variable knowledgeable about the subjects she teaches. Clear grading criteria and actually useful in class activies.
5.0 : I must clarify, there are ONLY 5 extra credit points! She is great and tells you everything that is expected. Of course, she does not 'baby' you, but even in this 300 level class, she reminds you of dates and gives you LOTS of tips on how to ace her quizzes (95% of the class gets 10/10 points each time). Exams are straight forward.
5.0 : She's a new prof as of Fall 2015. Very understanding of the college life. We have 6 pop quizzes where she does give us hints when she'll give them out. Readings are essential because of group discussion during class. Her tests are a bit hard but the topic was interesting &amp; she makes it interesting. She's very open minded &amp; very easy to talk to.
5.0 : Long lectures and if you aren't science-inclined (like me) it could be difficult. She's a fair grader and does everything she can to help you best as you can. Lots of reading but she is very clear of what she wants. Awesome professor
5.0 : Heather is an amazing professor. She makes sure that you understand the concepts as well as what's going on through out the course. Make sure to do the readings due to pop quizzes and participation. She is extremely organized and inspiring since she is passionate about what she teaches! I'd love to take another class from her!!
4.5 : Great professor you can tell she is passionate and knowledgeable. Make sure you show up to class and do the readings and you will be golden! She is a fair grader and gives informative feedback, her lecture slides could be bit more specific since we do in-class stuff that is not on there listed on there. I would take her again... plus shes hot!
5.0 : I'd say she's fair grader, her lectures are helpful. Readings are lengthy, but she allows you to use notes for pop reading quizzes, a note card is allowed during the 2 exams. Many group work, and that is where you get your attendance aka participation points :) the 2nd exam is easier.
5.0 : He is the best teacher you could ever ask for a hard subject.  His teaches in most interactive and effective way.  He makes sure everyone is set to success and learn.  If I could give a best teacher award, I would give it to Mr Bellini.  Just do the reading, listen to his amazing lectures, and ask questions about the material and you will do great!
5.0 : Shame it was a short class, only Mondays and two Mondays were holidays. At times it felt rushed because of it. He is expects work but he rewards it as well. I was surprised by my grade at the end.. in a good way.
4.0 : You need to read your book before going to class because he doesn't talk too much details in class.  Pop quizzes sometimes cover some chapters that he hasn't talked, so reading ahead is very important.  The good new is all the exams and quizzes are multiple choice questions.
4.5 : Good class, one of the best I have taken. There is a lot of work but he is not a harsh grader. There are quizzes, exams, projects... a lot. But you learn. He is very funny and cares about each students.
5.0 : Tough class at night. 8-10 PM but he keeps it fun, although  it's very fast paced.
5.0 : Mr. Bellini knows what he's talking about, and he presents it well and with a lot of humor. I learned so much, and I worked my butt off. Can't say the beautiful Italian accent wasn't one of the reasons I attended every class.. :)
4.5 : Great class. You will learn a lot. Read the chapters and handouts. A lot of content, but he makes it fun.
4.5 : I took him for microeconomics.  Ryan is a great professor and very helpful.  Lectures are long (2hrs) but time goes by quick in his class.  Unlike in some other classes, I've never looked at my clock in desperation to get out of class.  Time is used well and he always allows for a class break.  Everyday in class is necessary and useful.
4.0 : Microeconomics was a long class, sometimes boring lectures but the concepts were interesting. Midterm and final were easy using basic algebra, logic and studying
5.0 : Ryan is a great professor! Micro books are pretty boring in my opinion and his lectures are organized and taught in a way that keeps me interested and what he covers in class is pretty much  covered on the exams. If your lazy like I am, at least read the chapter end summary(: I would say he is a pretty fair grader. Exams were not that difficult
5.0 : I've had Ryan a few times now and I highly recommend him. If you try hard, you will get a good grade. You only need a 93% in the class to get a 4.0.
3.5 : To be very honest, this was not one of my favorite classes i've taken at UWT. It wasn't all that difficult, I could just barely stay awake during the long lectures. I could have taught myself with the book better than what was taught in class. However, skipping class will hurt your grade BAD!!
5.0 : Very laid back professor. Willing to extend quiz times or give an extra attempt. Timeliness in responding is the best. Recommendation: online textbook since there are quizzes twice a week and you can utilize the Ctrl+F button to find the answers easily.
5.0 : Extremely caring professor! So very understanding about students who work full time, get sick, etc. Doesn't force you to participate for a grade, doesn't do tests. DOES two papers in the class (group) and two quizzes each week. I found him to be very approachable and honest with his students. So very transparent, very excited to have him again.
5.0 : He is so nice and care about his students! He try take time to explain what you don't understand. i will definetly take him next time.
3.0 : 2 quizes twice a week every week online, 2 papers (group work)
3.0 : Even though it is quite easy to pass and get good grade in his class, I am not really accustomed to his teaching style because he seldom teaches directly based on the textbook and just assigns various in-class activities that make you think and prepare a lot. Anyway, all quizzes are online, and paper can be completed in a group.
5.0 : Albert is the best teacher I have ever had. I became more conversational in one quarter with him as a teacher than when I went to Spain for a three weeks.
4.5 : Albert is by far the best Spanish teacher at UW that I have encountered so far. He is clear, hilarious and easy going. He's an easy grader but will also push you to make sure you understand the concepts. Great teacher if you want to learn to speak clearer Spanish. I would recommend this class to anyone interested in Spanish at all.
5.0 : He's a fantastic Spanish teacher: he's funny, down to earth, and always willing to help- whether it's during class, after class, through email or through office hours! The workload isn't unreasonable and my Spanish has definitely improved. One of my favorite classes and professors
5.0 : Albert is awesome! He is by far the best Spanish teacher I have encountered at UW. He is great at explaining and making you are absolutely clear on everything. Tests are very easy, he is an easy grader. Show up, study a little for the test, do the homework and you will be fine. Would definitely take this class again!
5.0 : A very helpful instructor. He is very helpful especially during office hour and he is really funny in term of teaching
5.0 : I took TJ for a summer course and he was just a phenomenal teacher. Very funny, approachable, friendly, and incredibly helpful when it came to both asking questions about class or general university stuff. Fantastic teacher all around
5.0 : Fantastic teacher. He is very clear when explaining assignments, and is very helpful during office hours. There's still a lot of reading and writing to do, and he is not super-lenient on grading; but the grades are indeed reasonable. I myself will be taking his ENGL 115 next quarter, and I have recommended TJ to my friends. Again, AMAZING.
5.0 : Dr. Robins is a student favorite. She is personable, bright, and always SO enthusiastic about biochem. Her excitement is contagious and no matter how hard the class is, you can't help but love it when she teaches it.
5.0 : She will make you work for your grade, but if you do not understand something, she is always available to clear things for you. I love the fact that she cares for your success and for you to take the most out of the class.
4.0 : Dr. Wetzel is quite the expert on the topic of Sociology. I would highly recommend her to anyone interested on taking a sociology class. Her classes are engaging and the discussions are great.
5.0 : Ariel gives as much homework as needed. Explains efficiently without overwhelming with information. Great lecturer, really engaging. I just really enjoyed the class and she was a big part of the reason why. Also, if you're into discussing fandom, this is definitely the class again. 10/10 would recommend.
4.5 : She was very enthusiastic about what she was teaching. She led and sparked good class discussions and encouraged small group discussions as well!
3.5 : She's an ok teacher. Our class discussions brought a lot of things into perspective which was cool. She was basically teaching based off of our discussion board questions (dbq) and made power points off of them. I can't lie, it was so boring. I wanted to write that in the eval but I was being nice. But hey, cheers to another year at UWT Ariel!
2.5 : I enjoyed the topic of the class! Ariel was very insightful and had a lot of great information that I enjoyed learning about. Each class was basically an open discussion, however it lacked depth. Ariel didn't provide much excitement which left the classes very dull. I would have liked us to go deeper into the discussions but I would take again!
5.0 : He is a great teacher. Teaches useful material. Definitely take his class to get a job. Best course at Bothell.
5.0 : Each project adds a line to your resume. Very practical course. Assignments every week! Not an easy class.
5.0 : Brilliant professor and his real life experience is invaluable in class but too many writing assignments for an MIS class
5.0 : He is the best professor, period! I wish he taught all classes. I learned more from digital business lab more than all the other business classes combined.
5.0 : GOOD TEACHER! take this guy
4.5 : Really knowledgeable and good at leading discussions. The reading is discussed in class but since this is the bulk of the class you should try to at least skim it so you can contribute. A lot of writing but the grading is easy, I got a 4.0
4.5 : Radhika is awesome! There is a ton of reading which you don't always need to do since you discuss it in class, however it is very helpful if you do or if you go over it later. There were no tests, only papers, which were easy, except for the class final which was 15 pages. She is a fair grader, not an easy one, and explains the grade she gives you.
4.5 : It was truly a pleasure to listen to her talk about the readings, she's interesting and intelligent to say the least. Readings are engaging although she assigns a lot. Don't get overwhelmed because the important parts are touched on in lecture. Would definitely recommend this class - a great opportunity to get interesting and diverse perspectives
4.0 : Radhika is very charismatic and smart. She is also approachable and willing to help if you need it. There were a lot of readings and a long final paper, but the class is great.
4.5 : Michael is the man don't get me wrong. He is a super tough grader so don't expect to get an A unless your writing is flawless. Hard to please.
5.0 : He is a fantastic professor who cares about all his students! This class was joint with HSTAM 112 with Professor Urbanski and it was a blessing. I understood the material much better, was able to write my essays in advance and get thorough feedback, and it helped me excel in HSTAM 112!  Make sure to come to class and participate!
4.0 : Although this class was extremely challenging, it was so in the best way. There are daily assignments (only meet twice a week), usually a breeze.  The only difficult part is the main papers, class was linked to HSTAM111, the grading was rather difficult bc he "does not believe in grading," so he chooses to take a very hard position on grading.
4.0 : Great professor, but don't expect an A in his class.
5.0 : Really good teacher. Super hot, too. Didn't give as many papers as other teachers did and I felt like his grading was more lenient. Overall though I'm really happy with the grammar techniques I learned in his class. Did wish that the class wasn't focused on literacy... Not my fave. Would recommend tho!!
5.0 : He gives you clear feedback and expectations. His rubric helps you to know on which part of your essay that you should improve. REALLY less work compared to other engl 121 classes. One quiz towards the end about grammar but he has taught them thoroughly beforehand so it was not that difficult. He really does not ask much. Ask him questions!!
5.0 : James is so great! He has a clear structure of his lectures. And he is a kind grader. He also helped me a lot with my writing. He clearly points out the things lack in your writings and gives you inspiration to fullfil the prompts. Love his classes!
5.0 : He's really relaxed and even though I have him for 2 hours I don't really mind. I'd definitely recommend taking him, I don't know if he always teaches 121 but if you were thinking about taking 111 or 131 I'd take 121 to get him.
5.0 : Awesome guy who really knows his stuff. He's no BS and is an extremely smart guy. Not heavy homework just two major papers that he makes easy for students.
5.0 : Highly recommended!
5.0 : He's super chill and ended class early 3/5 of the time. He gives you full participation as long as you turn up for class on time. The one and only quiz was really simple. Would totally recommend this professor. Only downside of engl 121 is that you have to do service learning, but i've no regrets cause he's a great prof!
5.0 : Ande is very hard working! Last quarter she gives every student a one-page feedback and arrange private talk about paper. The class is really helpful.
5.0 : If you get Ande as an instructor, you are extremely lucky! She is thoughtful and thorough in feedback, and makes time to meet with everyone. Plus, she's extremely knowledgable and well spoken, and most importantly, genuine! Our only regret is that she didn't get to stick around the full quarter. Class is a good complement to Soc110 too.
5.0 : Maya is one if the best faculty members in the French department and at UW in general. This course was interactive and I've never taken a course where the material created a cohesive timeline and pulled from such a variety of sources. I recommend taking any course with Maya. She is relatable, approachable, energetic and understanding
5.0 : First Rate My Professor comment and I could not be happier it's Professor Smith. Great class if you love France or not. She is highly intelligent, young, energetic, and cares a great deal about her students. I took this class because I needed to fill out my schedule and now I think I am adding a French major. Take any class with her you can!
5.0 : I think Amrit did a very good job in teaching statistics class, especially in math 394 and Math 395. These two courses can be taken at the same time in summer quarter(only summer quarter). He gave us very long lectures and very good examples,especially for his interpretation in  some abstract distributions. He is not a tough grader. Try your best.
5.0 : Matthew is really a very nice teacher. He is very patient and understandable. As long as you have questions, he will definitely answer clearly. His response is usually very clear and straight. Matthew is very hard-working. I strongly recommand taking his class. Also, he is very polite and cute.
5.0 : Great teacher!
5.0 : Best class of college yet! Take this class with her if you have a chance! So inspiring, learned so much, and easy to pass if you pay attention, study for quizzes, and go to class for your group work.
5.0 : Teresa is one of my favorite professors at UW after taking so many classes with others. I would love to take classes with her again if I have a chance. Her weekly quizzes are not too bad if you study and do the readings. The class is 2 hours long though. Overall, she's a great teacher.
4.5 : Such an amazing teacher. I absolutely loved her compassion when she lectured. She often shares very interesting experiences that relate to lecture and she is very willing to help. Make sure you always come to class because group work is worth a lot of your grade, you won't pas if you miss more than a few, and there is a quiz once a week.
5.0 : Absolutely one of the most genuine and caring professors I have ever had. If given the opportunity to take another one of Professor Ward's classes, I would do it in a heartbeat. She is an amazing woman! And if you take Nurs201 and they still give the weekly tests, make sure to do well on those! They can really affect your grade.
5.0 : Sean is an A+ teacher and, while not outwardly enthusiastic, he really, really cares. He really sets you up for success-- tons of office hours with him and his TAs, prompt replies to any questions via email or Slack (even at 2am, sometimes). Hell, he even spends hours personally helping students in the student lounge sometimes. Sean is a gem.
4.5 : Excellent lectures and very knowledgeable. The class went really fast over some important concepts we had to revisit, but he did make sure everyone understood. Attendance wasn't mandatory, but missing class had a strong impact.
5.0 : Class: you learn a lot, nothing is very hard or too time consuming learning by doing (cases, no tests). Professor: Knows his stuff, young, relatable, knowledgeable. Very friendly and funny. General: Amazing class, you'll learn about process of starting/evaluating businesses. Lots of interactions with experienced guest speakers too.
5.0 : Professor Cram is easily in my top 3 favorite professors of all time. She is caring, understanding, hilarious, encouraging and incredibly kind. They don't make many like her anymore. I really hope I can take another class from her before I graduate. She is also very passionate. I loved her class! And I truly enjoyed the the assigned reading.
5.0 : Favorite college professor I've had to date. Wonderful person.
5.0 : Other than being a morning class the professor made the course very enjoyable with her friendly and caring attitude and passion for the subject she was teaching. Be sure to do the readings and participate in class. No phones or laptops allowed which didn't end up being a big problem like I thought it would be.
5.0 : taking her class gave me a reminiscing feel of high school again.  Guaranteed to make the class laugh at least once because of her friendly personality.  Most classes are discussions with some lectures.  Online homework twice or once a week.  Always gives nice feedback and encourages every opinion.
5.0 : Easy Grader and excellent teacher. She cares about the quality of discussion and how much you participate, makes the class feel comfortable and assigns interesting material. We made movie trailers, very fun. Workload is very doable if you bunker down and read for a week or two in order to finish the novel early.
5.0 : This is one of the funnest classes I've ever taken. Shannon is very friendly and helpful. She even went out of her way to give me extra feedback upon request. Her curriculum is not boring and provides a great opportunity for critical thinking. She adapted to students with learning and social disabilities, which I've seen other profs struggle with.
5.0 : Great professor! She is new here but she is an exceptional teacher. She is extremely helpful and makes the class assignments fun. She is also very inspirational and has a really cool story, she is a cancer survivor and works cleanup at Hanford Nuclear site. Everyone in the class definitely really liked and respected her. She definitely listens too.
3.5 : Prof. Warner's lectures are interesting and I can tell he is passionate about what he teaches. He inserts a lot of humor into his lectures, which is a nice break from the often dry science-y stuff. You have to study hard for the quizzes and midterms, it's definitely not an "Easy A". The homework is relatively easy multiple choice Q's on canvas.
5.0 : Mike's quite humorous and made coming to lecture very fun and engaging. Some folks seem put off by the class being easy, I guess they didn't get the memo that it was introduction to weather. Some concepts can be difficult to grasp at first if you're not a stem major, but it's pretty forgiving class.
4.0 : Incredibly easy class, with almost no effort required. Definitely geared towards non-STEM majors, so as an engineering major I found it laughably easy. Class tended to be interesting, but he came across as not very knowledgable when people asked questions. All in all, an (insanely) easy way to get a NW credit, if you somehow still need one.
4.0 : Had my textbook stolen earlier in the quarter, but his presentations are thorough enough that I didn't need it. Take advantage of extra credit from add. hw and top hat, study a bit, and it's easy to get a 4.0. Lectures be really tiring esp when it's four days a week, but his humor partly makes up for it.
5.0 : Mike is super funny and it made lectures fun. I never really read the textbook because we went over everything in quiz sections. Pretty easygoing and the midterm/final were easy.
4.0 : Dr Warner's enthusiasm for Atmospheric Science makes the material easy to get through. I never read the textbook and finished the course with a 92.5%. The PowerPoint slides were well-organized and often visually appealing. Dr Warner's lectures went quite quickly since they were so enjoyable.
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had. He cares so much about his content and contributes so much material. Extremely fun and inventive assignments for a humanities course.  You won't just write recycled essays. Super great lectures with amazing sources and information. Great sense of humor. Amazing discussions, and really amazing feedback on your work.
5.0 : The rumors are true.  This class was awesome.  Don't let the relaxed manner of class fool you.  It's easy to pass his class, but really tough to get a high grade.  He expects a lot, but you get a lot in return.  Highly recommended.
5.0 : Really great professor, not much work but you learn a lot. I honestly slacked off the last few weeks (because of other classes), but I still ended  up with a 3.5. For the assignments we did (very few), he gave extensive but very helpful feedback.
1.0 : Loads of group projects. High expectations with very broad guidelines. Gives extra time to people who only show up to class once  every two weeks. too long to grade and give feedback. Not organized with syllabus at all. Lots of readings but many not discussed. Tends to choose "favorites" meaning calling on those who know material in intro class.
5.0 : The more you participate in the open discussions, the better grade you'll have. He's very understanding. His lectures are extremely interesting and his way of teaching his course makes you more engaged/ interested in class. He's an awesome person with so much knowledge.   Take his class if you can!! It's so DOPE!  #TakingItToTheStreets #FunClass
5.0 : Lowy was an excellent TA. He gave us the chance to practice what we'd learned in lecture through immersive quiz sections where he'd speak almost exclusively in Japanese. He is clearly very knowledgeable, and he definitely made me excited to continue working with the language.
5.0 : Favorite teacher hands down. I'm only into my first quarter of classes, but I can already tell by the atmosphere/attitude of other teachers that there aren't many people who genuinely care about your success the way Kim does. She's extremely thorough, and teaches in a manner that's entertaining. I could go on and on about my love for her/her class!
5.0 : She is by far one of my favorite teachers I have had at UW. She made the classes fun and the topics for the essays were interesting. She understands that sometimes people don't wanna be there, so she makes her lectures very fun. She is someone who is understanding and if I could take a class from her again I would in a heartbeat.
5.0 : She is awesome, there is no other way to put it. Makes everything you learn seem super relevant and even makes it fun. She uses a lot of GIFs, it's very entertaining. Treats her students as equals. Honestly I would hang out with her outside of class, she's just a great person and super fun.
4.0 : Hard to stay awake for the 2 hour discussions, but his passion about the texts helped engage me. He is really smart, kind, but he requires you to think critically about dense material. He's quirky, self-proclaimed awkward, loves German, and his kids. He's a good professor; it'll likely be the course topic/texts that aren't the greatest. Go to OH!
5.0 : Grading is nice for students, and he clearly cares a lot about his students. Definitely a nice way to get your C credit.
5.0 : Really helpful, great in bed.
5.0 : Great teacher!
5.0 : Phillip Carpenter is an awesome instructor and his class is a lot of fun. As long as you show up and try, you should get a high grade. The four hour class seemed a bit long but he seemed reasonable about early days and took plenty of breaks. I wouldn't hesitate to take him again. Highly recommended!!!
5.0 : In the middle of taking him for intro to photography. As long as you take the effort to show up to class and show some pictures you took, you'll get a good grade. There's no wrong answer in this class.
5.0 : Philip is a great professor and person all around. I had tons of fun in his intro photo class, and he was always understanding when I needed to leave early, skip class etc. Some may find him boring, but he's invested in your learning and I find him hilarious and full of good ideas and lessons. I wasn't feeling the Tumblr class page, but that's me.
5.0 : diversify your pictures.
5.0 : quiz after each comic.  make a 10-page paper.  make a several paged comic.  go to class.
4.0 : He's really energetic in lectures and even more awesome in office hours. In office hours, he really tries to pinpoint what you're having trouble with and even suggest more time to help you individually understand the concept. This class was very conceptual and for me it was difficult to grasp, but he helped recover from a failing grade on a midterm
5.0 : Great professor
5.0 : Amazing math professor!!! He really wants you to understand the concepts of linear algebra, as it is very abstract. His energy and humor was fantastic in the classroom and he was incredibly helpful when emailed questions. The best math professor I've had. Class was abstract, but he made it super easy to learn.
5.0 : This teacher is awesome! He is the best math teacher I've had here. He works hard to make sure you understand the concepts and truly cares that you understand them. His lectures are amazing. He answers all questions incredibly well and with expedience. This class is not easy but with Vasu you will do great!  110% recommend. Best math teacher at UW.
5.0 : Vasu is a fantastic teacher- he truly cares and wants every student to succeed. His lectures are very engaging (don't skip). His take-home proof questions were hard, but I asked him for strategies to approach them and with his help, I understood them by the end of the quarter. I actually started to enjoy linear algebra- never thought I'd say that!
5.0 : Vasu is an awesome prof, one of those rare examples of a teacher who really gets excited about delivering the material. He'll ask for effort, but only because he wants students to learn; he has no interest in giving out low grades. Vasu goes the extra mile, holding extra office hours for students and giving lots of practice resources. Quality dude.
5.0 : Without question the best math professor I've ever had. Vasu cares about his students, and knows everyone's name after a few weeks. When the class average for a quiz was low, he said that he would rather help us learn by repeating the material than rush to finish the syllabus. If you make an effort, you'll get a good grade AND enjoy learning math.
5.0 : Vasu was the best professor I've had at UW, hands down. He cares about his students, explains things well, grades fairly, and does an amazing job inspiring the class to put in the effort to learn material that most professors would put their classes to sleep with.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Lectures move fast but very clearly, does his best to answer questions, accommodating of students' needs if they're reasonable, and makes lots of time during office hours for any extra questions if you have them. First math class I've actually enjoyed.
5.0 : Vasu is the professor who was promised. Vasu leads us through the long night of midterm season with helpful tips and practice questions. Vasu transcends echelons, Euclidean space, and all Real numbers. Vasu is the teacher we need, but not the one we deserve. Vasu
5.0 : Extremely understanding, approachable, and committed to teaching with energy and making sure his lectures are understood
5.0 : He is one of the most inspiring teachers I've ever had. His explanations are clear and concise and makes his best to make sure that students understand the material. He gives out a lot of help when you ask and is very aware of your workload (will postpone hw assignments if need be). His lectures are enjoyable and sometimes funny!
5.0 : Great sense of humor, makes an effort to learn names by the 2nd/3rd class, quick to respond to emails and overall very approachable. Best Math professor I've had.
4.0 : The concepts are not very hard, but the questions in exams are very hard, much harder than hw. very challenging exams compared to math 124-126's exams.
5.0 : Fantastic, enthusiastic teacher. Explains concepts well. Invites questions. Cares about students; gives lenient extensions. Provides helpful write-ups of problems. Standard homework. However, tests are HARD. Loves conceptual problems. Homeworks don't match up. Reading textbook sometimes helps more with concepts. Curves decently in response though.
5.0 : This guy is seriously the absolute BEST instructor at UW. Take him if you can.
5.0 : Definitely the best professor I've had in the Math Department. If you can, choose his section.
5.0 : He makes the lectures fun and interesting. I highly recommend taking him!
4.0 : He's very kind and cares about his students. But you have to put in the effort to get a good grade in his class. Definitely do the extra credit and READ THE TEXTBOOK. It helps because the lectures are basically review. Participation in class is about 15 percent. So if you have questions, don't be afraid to ask or find him during office hours
4.5 : Brent is a linguistics superstar. He's held one of the most prestigious internships in the nation. He is a great teacher, and a super interesting lecturer. Do yourself a favor, and take 462 over the summer. Intensive  soaked in knowledge, and successfully understanding topics covered. Fantastic professor. Also, super great pianist.
2.0 : He's still new and learning how to best teach a class, so I would give him a chance. If something isn't working, he is willing to tweak it. Homework is totally manageable, he posts lecture slides online, he isn't very harsh with grading. Monotone and semi quiet, but that's fine. The midterm and (hopefully not the final too) weren't  comprehensible
5.0 : a very stimulating class. i could tell he put a lot of time into preparing lessons and i really enjoyed the active group discussion during class. replied promptly to all my emails and offered a lot of help during his office hours. constantly encouraged students to go to his office hours but it seemed that not a lot of people went.
5.0 : I was impressed by how hard he worked to prepare exciting lessons and how earnestly he encouraged students to speak up despite there being some weird and negative students in the class. Always responded quickly and thoroughly to questions over email. Friendliest classroom atmosphere at UW
4.5 : Very interesting class and topics. Tests are quite tough as you have to really understand the class materials.
4.0 : Pay attention in class. It is taught like some other 300 level classes, but is worth the knowledge if you want to learn about international relations (state behavior). There were 4, 500 word papers, but they are due before the class ends, one week for each paper submission. Tests are both written essay exams. Fun in-class group activities!
3.0 : It's hard to say if I'd take him again or not, he is very intelligent and his lectures are good. He's funny too, which makes time go by faster but he grades hard for an intro class and the exams are essay questions so it isn't easy. But you will learn a bit, the class had a lot of history and tough readings. Only two 2/3 page papers &amp; 2 exams.
5.0 : This was a lecture class that included lots of discussion.  There were no real tests, but he does expect you to stay current with readings in order to participate in class.  At the end there was a group project that required attendance in class in order to know the situation you are expected to solve.  Great class all in all.
5.0 : He made a 3+ hours class felt a lot faster. The topics were interesting and it is clear that he is very intelligent. I would suggest attending every classes, since participation is graded and it would be challenging to write the papers without fully understanding the materials (this is where I struggled).
3.5 : Lectures are outstanding! Deep historical knowledge which explains the context of the topic. 3 essay accounted for 20% of the grade, therefore, I hope you are a good writer! Sometimes the vocabulary used in the lectures might require you to use a dictionary. Lastly, participation in class, vastly clarifies any uncertainty, if not versed in History.
4.5 : Great class. Although I'm not a  BIOE major, I learned a lot of basic cell biology and how the field of Bioengineering applies to my field of study. Generous grader, and always available to give feedback and provide tips on how to succeed in the class.
4.0 : Lectures are interesting and cover a wide scope of topics in Bioengineering . Workload of the class is minimal, but the overall final grade is heavily dependent on the final term project. Professor is available to give feedback and is flexible with office hours, but is critical in  terms of grading.
4.5 : Alison is super enthusiastic about what she teaches. I did feel like the class was a little long and easy, but she is inspirational and truly cares about kids!
5.0 : the textbook is really helpful, but actually not really needed if you attend lecture. Tests are super hard, but homework is attainable. Do practice problems...
5.0 : Patient, really loves the material and always willing to take time with his students. Good use of cool demos as well to demonstrate difficult concepts. Reasonable amount of homework.
4.0 : She's out-going, passionate about public health, and she wants her students to succeed. Class time was spent on lectures and group activities. The course was a hybrid: 4 big canvas posts, online quizzes, group project and presentation, online midterm/final, and occasional extra credit. Wish it were more lecture-based instead of class activities.
5.0 : She is the absolute best, super nice, cares both about students and the subject and whether you got it, really knows what she's doing, and makes sure you learn. I was never bored in her lectures, they're lit. I somehow learned all the course content and also learned life lessons while at it. She's invigorating to talk to, and is easy to reach.
5.0 : Easily the best bcore teacher you could take. Loved her got a 4.0 in the class fairly easy just show up to class since she doesn't allow make up work.
5.0 : Dr. Lasker is amazing. She really wants and helps every student succeed. She is available for help when needed and her lectures are anything but dull!! That being said, I believe it is quite easy to get an A if you're actually interested in the material and genuinely put the effort in. 50% hybrid class so many (interesting) discussions online.
5.0 : Super easy class, no grades just cr/nc this was for the pathways to health studies requirements. Shes VERY optimistic and Id like to take her for a 5 credit course. Dont stress this course AT ALL!
5.0 : YOO sarah is such a homie. you will always get help when you need it! doesn't matter how much experience you've had with writing/comp, your writing will improve by the end of the class. just show some effort and thought and you'll be golden
5.0 : Where do I begin, Sarah is literally the most amazing human I've ever met. She is a great, insightful professor, who takes the time to have individual conferences with each of her students to make their writing better. I learned the nuances of writing within ten weeks and learned to be more confident as a person. Take her class! You will love her!
5.0 : Sarah is one of the best English teachers ever! She really pushes her students to work hard and develop their writing skills. She's always willing to let students come in during office hours and work on papers. I would take her class again for sure!   On the downside, not always clear as to what she expects in students' papers.
5.0 : Sarah Faulkner was an amazing Engl. teacher to have, especially for my first quarter of freshman year. She was so funny and friendly and so intelligent, and she made class so much fun. You really learn a lot of nuances in the English realm in just 10-11 weeks with her, and she's there to help every step of the way with anyone struggling. Amazing.
4.5 : Professor Francis is possibly the most entertaining professor I've ever had. She is lively and passionate about teaching and her lectures are never boring. She expects you to study hard for tests, but her lectures are clear, and make you want to learn. I hope to take a class from her again.
4.0 : She's super passionate about her field and always brings energy and charisma to her lectures. If you're familiar with US government from high school then this class is a piece of cake.
4.5 : Super high energy not low energy like Jeb Bush.
4.0 : Her subjects and lectures are very interesting. However, if you are an international student, do not ever take her American ploitics class because it would be very hard due to it is very irrelevant to you. She likes to give Supreme Court cases which are very challenging. HEr tests are very hard. WOuld not recommend
3.5 : Dr. Francis brings a welcomed, youthful approach to Political Science. Sometimes her enthusiasm gets the best of her, and the topic at hand might get buried in examples or hypothetical situations. Test are mostly reasonable, but not easy. She requires her students to not just memorize stuff but understand it, which good students will appreciate.
5.0 : I took Into to American Politics taught by Francis this past quarter. She is an amazing lecturer and so passionate about many of the topics discussed. I was always excited to go to class, even as a 9AM class. You must go to lectures and study a lot for the tests, but overall, not a hard class if you pay attention
4.0 : I really enjoyed this class. It was incredibly difficult as someone who doesn't test well when its in essay format. I was also sick for a week and fell behind, but her lectures and enthusiasm was amazing. She's incredibly intelligent and personable. Do the reading and keep up with the material.
4.0 : Absolutely loved professor Francis! Her lectures were clear and interesting, and the material was relevant and fun to learn. She doesn't post her slides so go to class. Focus on lecture material for exams, read if you need supplementation on a topic. Quiz section was always helpful and interesting too and I loved my TA, Carolyn. 100% recommend.
4.5 : Professor Francis was an excellent lecturer, and the readings, though sometimes lengthy, added a lot of interest and insight to the course. LSJ 361: US Courts and Civil Liberties was a fantastic class that I would recommend to anyone, and Professor Francis truly enhanced my experience.
5.0 : She convinced me to switch to poly sci after the second lecture. Prof. Francis is amazing, hilarious, engaging, and inspirational. I loved going in and just chatting during office hours, shes full of great contacts around the nation who are also doing great things.
5.0 : Hardest course I took as a political science major and the absolute BEST!
4.0 : take it!
4.5 : Harry is by far the best professor I've had so far at UWB. He teaches by doing problems/proofs and explains them very well. He assigned a reasonable amount of HW due each lecture which really helped in learning the material. Weekly quizzes and dropped the lowest one. Exams were easier than the HW. Grading favored exams and labs over HW and quizzes.
5.0 : The class is mainly just him doing example problems, which is way more effective than listening to lectures like in other classes.
3.0 : Professor Aintablian explains the material very clearly but the one thing that I wasn't fond of is if you asked him a question it was always "come to my office hours." His tests were fair but the grading is pretty harsh, if you make errors you will pay dearly for it!
5.0 : Great teacher. Really knows the stuff and answers any doubt you have. There is a lot of material (7chaps) and homework due every class, lab due almost every week and quizzes every now and then so it's a lot of work. You definitely end up learning ALOT which is really good and you end up reading the book completely. Conceptional questions on test!
5.0 : By far one of the best EE instructor and lab instructions cannot get clearer!
1.0 : Heard good things before so was looking forward to taking him but all he does are powerpoints and doesn't even explain the worked out problems on the powerpoint. Literally just points at the slides saying "yea so just do this and then do that and you get this", never works problems and if he does he cant even solve them all the way through. AVOID!!
5.0 : Erik focuses more on the current standards, for example, he focused more on algorithms, and induction which helped me in the Data Structure class. He also teach you a little of python programming. Take him, I am sure you won't regret about it.
3.0 : This class is terrible!! I really disliked the format of the class and his grading criteria.
5.0 : Great teacher! He's so clear on expectations and really goes out of his way to help his students. I recommend him to anyone taking pre-calc or calculus. The class usually consists of a quiz, short lecture and then he lets you pair off and apply what he lectured on.
5.0 : Prof. Tou is an excellent teacher, he is accommodating and explains the materiel clearly. He gives good study guides and answer keys. He dedicate every Friday as a review day which i think is helpful.  Eric is professional and respectful. he is great by all means.
5.0 : Overall all a pretty good professors. Class was quite easy and was a million times easier than the other TCSS321 class. Highly suggest taking this one over the other if you want to make your college experience easier.
4.0 : I took Calculus I with Profess Tou and overall it was a good experience. There are quizzes on each day of class before lecture, where you basically have to teach yourself the material before its taught to you. They are relatively easy though if you study. Midterm and final were tough, but you get 1/2 page of notes. I would recommend him to anyone.
5.0 : Awesome teacher.
5.0 : Charles is fantastic.
5.0 : He is really funny and respected. Anyway, you have to work hard for this class, otherwise, you will not pass. His lectures are just plain amazing! makes you want to come to class everyday and makes the subject become more fun to learn. Anyway, this is not an easy class but definitely a fun one.
5.0 : Great instructor!
5.0 : He is really funny and his lecture is fun, there is also group project! but overall love this class!
4.5 : He class was incredibly well structured and Bryan made the class incredibly interesting. You can tell he has a passion for coding. He is incredibly helpful when you get stuck. Be prepared to work for a good grade because it is a lot of work. But a good grade is easy to obtain if you put in the effort.
5.0 : Awesome professor! Class was extremely structured and I always knew what to expect. Quizzes and Tests were taken directly from lecture content, slides, or the book but no big surprises. I asked tons of questions but he always gave very helpful answers. If stuck, he is really helpful -- just meet him during office hours. He is a huge asset to UWT.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors of all time. Made class lectures fun and I could tell he really cared about the class learning the material. After taking his class I enjoy my major more and programming in general too. One of the best professors at UWT.
4.0 : Informative and interesting lectures. Labs were pretty bad, but he was using what was given to him. Quizzes were reasonable. He is very approachable, just make sure you do a little bit of research to avoid asking him dumb questions that a google search can answer. Only con about this professor was how long it took him to grade things.
5.0 : I have never been able to get as much excitement and inspiration from a professor before taking Charles. For TCSS 142, the class goes a little slow (especially the labs), but TCSS 305 was AMAZING! You'll be doing all of your projects alone, including Tetris and a MS Paint clone. 10/10, would take again.
4.0 : When I took TCSS 142 with Charles, he had us do a quiz on Canvas once a week. They were annoying, but if you actually read the book (I never did), they were easy points; every question was found verbatim from the book. Charles was VERY accessible outside of class, and was willing to come in outside his office hours to help students if asked.
5.0 : By far and away the best proff. I've had for any class thus far. I looked forward to coming to class everyday because he made it fun and interesting. Work load was tough but rewarding. Just don't get behind on your work, don't be afraid to ask questions, and show up to class! Loved it! Take this guy!
5.0 : Awesome teacher and the class was a lot of fun. Having good programming experience before going into the class will make it a lot easier. If you don't I can see this class being rather difficult since this will be your first time making actual applications.   Homework will take quite a while. Although, I do recommend this class.
5.0 : I absolutely loved her class. It was not too much work and was a really fun class. If you have an English composition prerequisite and are confused which English to take, this is the perfect class for you.
5.0 : Fantastic teacher, well organized class, clear expectations, meaningful feedback.
5.0 : She is very passionate about teaching in addition to her research.  The material is difficult, but it's cheme! She has very detailed lectures, at times it's hard to keep up with her pace, however, because she covers everything in so much depth, it's not entirely necessary to read the book besides for HW probs. Great resource for resumes, as well!
3.5 : Procrastinators beware: as all CHEME students are warned, homework is essential, so make sure you have a group to study with. This was her first quarter at UW. Tests were tough, always at risk of running out of time. Her lectures were fast-moving and she did not post lecture notes. She is approachable, and gives extra points for participation.
4.5 : Pfaendtner is great. Notes are a bit hard to follow in class, but a great professor that really  cares about your learning.
4.5 : Very funny guy, made class enjoyable. His handwriting was a little sloppy, but that's really my only complaint. Tests could be tricky, but he rewarded students who understood the homework and in-class example problems (so don't skip!)
5.0 : Really clear about expectations, lectures can be boring. Cares about her students and wants you to do well, but grades slightly hardly. Passionate about subject material. Does assign readings, but not necessary. Final project is a group paper. I would recommend her.
5.0 : She's very caring about her students and very clear about the grading criteria. The class only has four major assignments, each of which are relatively straightforward. She is very responsive to email. Readings are assigned but not at all necessary!
5.0 : She is very responsive to email, and assigns readings that are helpful but not necessary for doing well in the class. She provides clear expectations for each of the class' four major assignments, and this class allows you to explore areas of engineering that you're interested in for your projects, which I really enjoyed.
5.0 : Brock's a cool professor who clearly has a lot of knowledge and experience in the field of physical computing. The classwork is understandable and very doable even though I wasn't very familiar with the subject matter. Grading techniques were effective and he allows for people to work together through the class.
5.0 : Brock is honestly my favorite professor of my entire academic career, included all the teachers I had before college. He is kind, caring, hilarious, and brilliant. He always puts his students first and makes difficult concepts easy to learn.
5.0 : Bock is honestly my favorite professor ever.  He is always available to talk, and and welcomes questions and open-mindedness.  His lectures are hilarious, and he gives excellent advice, academic or otherwise.
4.5 : Prof Trumbull is probably my favorite professor ever. He is funny, charismatic, and super chill. The readings he assigns long but as long as you answer weekly reading questions you'll be fine. 4 essays. Lecture slides  Helpful. He talks a lot but does fun activities with us. Overall he's chill awesome professor. Would take another class w/  him.
5.0 : Wonderful professor, created a really positive, fun, easygoing environment for classroom discussions. The course material was daunting but he made it very accessible. Highly recommend!
4.0 : Trumbull is a really caring guy. He is very considerate of his students and their needs. He is a fairly decent grader and gives good feedback to succeed in his future papers
4.0 : Not bad material, wish we would do more SQL stuff on the computer. First half of the course is purely on paper.
5.0 : Manar is very clear in her lectures, provides good explanations to student questions and offers plenty of out of class time to seek out clarification. In addition, her tests and quizzes are aimed at testing you on the material rather than your ability to do ridiculously complex algebra on a time crunch. Would definitely take a class with her again.
4.0 : Professor Riman (rye-man not ree-mon, sadly) is pretty decent compared to other UW math professors. She gives clear explanations on topics, works through examples, and frequently makes sure the class is following along. However, the high speed of her lectures is initially daunting &amp; tests require deeper comprehension than rote memorization of facts
5.0 : She is an awesome professor who gives us clear explanations on every topic and many examples to help us understand the material.
3.0 : Presents material in a clear, concise manner. Lectures are great. However she has trouble addressing student's specific questions. Exams are fair but they're often way too easy and as a result averages are too high. Overall pretty good tho :)
5.0 : Teaches from the book, but condenses and presents the information in an easy to follow manner. Tests are very fair, but as a result the class curve is very high; low test scores will tank your class GPA. Easy to approach and ask questions. Fair amounts of homework.
1.0 : Ian Porter is a disgrace to the University of Washington staff. His expectations exceed every standard and does not know how to evaluate student's work. I will never take another class from him again.  Not only does he randomly grade work by favorites, he never sets clear expectations. DON'T TAKE AND AVOID IAN AT ALL COSTS.
5.0 : It was good.
4.5 : Mr. Porter is a pretty easy grader so long as you meet his clearly stated requirements.  There's a lot of reading, but the homework and assignments are pretty manageable.  He really values participation though, so if you don't care or slack off it'll show in your grade.
5.0 : BEST TEACHER EVER!
2.5 : You can tell this guy is a new teacher. Rubrics are unclear and he isn't good at explaining it when you ask questions about it. I didn't know of anyone who got full credit on big projects/final project. Will find places to take points off if he doesn't like you.
4.0 : Good professor, handcuffed by material and curriculum at UW Bothell. Reasonable and down to earth guy. Best technical writing instructor at UWB.
3.0 : Over the course of the year, this professor has gotten harder and harder on students for some odd reason. I used to love this professor but now I don't. He would grade your assignment based on your attendance which doesn't make sense and would specifically keep marking me down on smallest things. He wouldn't even reply to me when I asked why.
4.0 : He's a good guy. You can sort of tell that he's new, but he's also trying hard. He's overall pretty good!
4.0 : No problems with him, pretty cool guy.
4.0 : He gives 4 pop quizzes, but as long as you do the reading and show up to class, you will be fine. Not a tough grader as long as you do what he stated in the grading rubric. He loves participation and take points away if you don't talk. Really good teacher, explain the assignment well, I learned a lot about Sustainability after this class.
4.0 : He gives 4 pop quizzes, but as long as you do the reading and show up to class, you will be fine. Not a tough grader as long as you do what he stated in the grading rubric. He loves participation. Really good teacher, explain the assignment well, I learned a lot about Sustainability after this class.
5.0 : If you're taking Technical Writing class, be sure to choose him. He knows what he teaches and he has the proper English knowledge. He grades fairly and gives good feedback to your essays. Make sure that you read all the reading assignments and put effort in working the in-class worksheets; it will be very helpful in the exams. He is very thoughtful
5.0 : The whole class consists of 4 written assignments, a midterm, and a final. Please take the class seriously. The time put into it depends on how good your writing ability is. Best advice I can give is to meet the teacher in his office hours. When you meet him in his office be ready to give him hundreds of questions. He cares about your success.
5.0 : It's practically impossible to not do well in this class regardless of your writing abilities. Ian gives you plenty of opportunities to revise and improve your papers. The paper themselves are very short with the largest being 950 words. The key to success in this class is to follow the rubrics and Ian's feedback.
4.5 : He is extremely nice and helpful, his tests are really similar to the practice tests that he gave. He is passionate about the topic and will be available for help anytime. He is willing to extend his office hours just to help students
4.0 : Gave clear lectures and all material was available online.  Gave practice tests that matched difficulty of real test and had fairly easy tests (in my opinion).  Has an accent but makes sense and explains himself well
5.0 : She is super sweet and really cares. She is always willing to help make your papers better and puts a lot of thought into the texts that we read
5.0 : Claire Barwise was a fantastic professor! There are six papers a quarter, and all of them center around a specific theme that will change every quarter. She genuinely cares about student's grades and learning, and will go out of her way to help you if you are struggling. She gives great feedback on every paper. I would definitely take her again.
5.0 : As many young lecturers are, Claire puts thought and effort into the structure and content of lectures and the class in general.  She is always available for further feedback on papers at office hours and she is more than reasonable with deadlines and grading.  An enjoyable class with not that much work - maybe a paper per two weeks average
4.0 : She's fun, and really cares bout improving your analysis. Her essay topics allow a lot of creative freedom, and it's hard not to get a 4.0
5.0 : Interesting discussions, good amount of work load, interesting material and content. Would totally recommend English comp with this prof!
4.5 : A bit new to teaching the class, and as a result some important topics seemed to get rushed, but other than that, was a great teacher. He was always there to answer questions.  I think you can get a decent grade without putting a ton of effort into it, but his enthusiasm, and the class material itself made me want to put  in the extra effort.
4.0 : Great Prof, all the grade is based on the group and individual assignments.
1.5 : This class is becoming more like a diversity and writing class instead of an introduction to information technology. He did not explain much and only make students talk without explaining further. A lot of assignments also.
4.0 : This was a really fun and interesting class! Prof. Freeman is very passionate about the topics we discuss in class and he's kinda funny. Overall, the class was easy. The exams are not too difficult and the class focuses on a final group project that is due at the end of the quarter.
5.0 : Taking 201 with Mike was a great experience, the class itself was laidback and I felt that Mike really cared that his students learned a lot. Grade comes from homework and one final project, all of the assignments are graded fairly and the grading criteria is very clear. Highly recommend this class to INFO, CSE, and HCDE majors.
5.0 : Took this class not really knowing what Informatics was and Michael was very helpful in opening my eyes to the intersection of information technology and society... which turns that is exactly what informatics is lol. He is helpful and is always excited to help. Lots of class discussion but that's where the learning happens. Also a group project.
5.0 : Professor Freeman is a great professor who cares about the success of his students. His lessons are informative and provide a meaningful message. He gets you to look at the world from different perspectives. As long as you go to section and do the work, there's no reason why you shouldn't get a good grade.
4.0 : Professor Freeman was a pretty good professor. First half of the homeworks are read an article and answer discussion questions online. The other half was group project related. The exams were based off of the lectures and readings. The TAs did an exam review the class before. Group Projects focused on making something to solve a social problem.
5.0 : A modern professor who effectively uses online learning modules to supplement lecture. Genuinely interested in what he is teaching, and it shows in his lectures. Encourages students to build skills that they take to the workplace and beyond. Outside learning is sometimes required.
5.0 : Taking INFO 201 with mike was amazing. The class in general is pretty straightforward with more emphasis on assignments- Unlike CSE 14x classes, there is not much emphasis on style. Mike responded to slack messages really fast, and was also open to answer any questions during office hours.
4.0 : Diane is a great instructor--she's been in several top finance positions at different companies (she'll tell you about them). Although she cold calls, what I really love about Diane is that she won't embarrass you or make you feel dumb. Some of the cases are dry, but her stories make up for it! Participate at least twice per lecture and you're good
5.0 : Best professor at Foster, hands down. No midterms or final just five cases you have to do. Her stories from Coinstar and other top executive jobs are awesome! She really tries getting everyone to pass and you should try participating a few times per lecture to get full participation credit.  If i could i would take her again no doubt.
5.0 : Dr. Humphries taught Matrix Algebra with great clarity and intuitiveness. I am so glad he came to UWB. The averages on the tests and the homework where high Bs, but mostly due to the dedicated nature of the students. That said, introductory matrix algebra is easy, either made easy by Dr. Humphries or easy by nature. I strongly recommend.
5.0 : Solid teacher, didn't need to search outside the class for explanations for once. Clear and transparent with class and grading. Show up on time or your assignments are late - not too much to ask.
5.0 : He's a great lecturer, fair in his assigned workload, exams and grading. Homework is a huge part of your grade. Do it.
5.0 : Thomas  cares about his students by being available on office hours + appointments. He's willing to go through what he explained in class in case you didn't understand. I rated 3 for difficulty because the first half of STMATH 300 is easy and the second half is  much harder. The downside is that he sticks to jargon. Pay full attention in class.
5.0 : Homework is big part of grade. Exams similar to what you take in class. Although you only have one hour to finish them. He writes notes on OneNote while explaining. Notes so detailed you don't need to add anything. Would take him again.
2.5 : It was her first time teaching undergrads, her lectures weren't confusing but she had guest speakers who gave way too much information and bored you to sleep. Her instructions for the term paper were confusing, but she adjusted as she went since it was her first time teaching the class. Tests are extremely specific but pay attention to the review.
4.0 : Most of the material covered on exams were explicitly covered in lecture. When reviewing for exams, review EVERY SINGLE lecture slide because she'll pull information from Day 1. The papers in this class were sometimes difficult but you receive good feedback.
4.0 : Her first quarter teaching undergrads. Lectures were appropriate for the audience. Many guest lecturers that provided topic specific insight &amp; were helpful, though some were overwhelming - as the quarter progressed this got better as she advised them to simplify. She was flexible with assignments throughout the term adjusting to students' feedback.
5.0 : Really loved her class, if you show up to the lectures you will pass the class no problem! Basic writing skills are required, you write about a page every week.
5.0 : I LOVE HER. She is very smart and very passionate, she's also an amazing prof. Her class was so interesting and I could easily sit through another quarter in the same class and learn even more. Her test are very straightforward. The only thing that is difficult is the weekly papers, she definitely makes you work for a good grade. Overall great!
4.5 : liked the format of the class
4.5 : He is a kind Koala full of computer knowledge.
4.5 : Good class.
5.0 : Let me join as an over-ride cuz I was about to lose financial aid. Great online course with tools for other courses and getting a job.
5.0 : She grades easily, the book is open source, the assignments are helpful, and this class can be done when you have an hour throughout the week... If you get it all done early? All the better  you'll have more time to dedicate to other classes!
5.0 : Elizabeth is hands down the BEST PROFESSOR I have had. She can be tough, but she is doing it to help you. Let her help you and you will do so well. By the end of the quarter we hardly had anything to do for our final project because she pushed us throughout the quarter. She gives very good feedback, is very kind and truly cares about her students.
5.0 : Elizabeth is a great studio professor. She cares about her students, and genuinely cares about helping you through any issues or complications you have throughout your design process. She expects a lot out of her students, and may seem tough, but if you work hard, she will work with you. If you get a chance to take a class with her, please do!
5.0 : Elizabeth is a great instructor with even greater intentions. She challenges you in studio critiques and encourages your thoughtful ideas backed up by a solid understanding of architecture. If you observe and engage with the way she teaches you will leave studio with greater knowledge, heightened skills, and elevated confidence.
5.0 : Working with Elizabeth was a great first taste at the real ARCH Dept. She's tough but a great critic. If you have the chance, get in a class with her.
5.0 : I took INFO 312 with Annie Searle and absolutely loved the class. Lectures can get long and boring at times, but since it is a smaller class there are often discussions which keep things interesting. Great guest speakers, too. Assignments and projects are graded much easy. Overall awesome professor and really great lady.
5.0 : Very inspiring class, participation and passion are all that matter. Be on time and dance for full participation credits.  Jo is awesome, nice,  humorous and passionate. Definitely will take his class again if there is the chance!
5.0 : Jo is an amazing instructor and dancer. He is really passionate, inspirational, hillarious, and knowledgeable about what he is teaching. Grading is daily based so you have to attend every single class. Just have to go to 2 dance performances, go to class, be active, you'll be fine. I love to dance more after taking this class :)
5.0 : Fun class overall, would take it again!
5.0 : He's so fun and inspiring!  If I could take his class again I definitely would. He's super awesome! You don't need to know how to dance, just be comfortable with moving your body.
5.0 : I love Joe!! He is the most entertaining dancing teacher ever. I had a lot of fun dancing in his class. He always made my day after all the stressful and boring lectures. I would take his class again!
5.0 : (BEE361) Love this man, take this class, study the sh*t, change the world, oh ya and pass the class. An extension of your physics class that studied electricity plus your calc class that studied surface/triple integrals. Talk to professor about opportunities outside of class. That's what hes gifted at.
3.5 : He is really easy. He expects students to get good grades so the exams are not hard.
3.5 : Pao is very clear with what he expects you to get out of the lab, he's a great professor. I would gladly take a class with him again!
5.0 : Very friendly professor! Gives good feedback and is approachable. Funny guy, definitely take him for CHEM 144!
5.0 : I love Pao!! He is straightforward, kind, and helpful. His grading criteria is clear, so make sure to grab a rubric!
5.0 : Pao is amazing! And I wish I could have taken all my labs with him. He is clear and very approachable.
5.0 : Amazing teacher very inspirational. She will share insights about her professional life !
5.0 : I was skeptical about taking an online class this quarter, but Shawna and Miles made it very do-able! They're both very prompt on answering questions, and their lectures/labs definitely prepare you for fully for assignments/tests. I was very happy with this class and feel I learned a lot!
5.0 : you don't need to watch the recorded lectures unless you're stuck- the exercises walk you through all you need to know.
5.0 : She is the best instructor I have ever had, there's no doubt about it. She actually made an 8:30 class engaging and taught us so much! It's obvious that she cares about her students and is passionate about teaching.
5.0 : Amazingly enthusiastic human being. Very well respected and one of the most engaging lecturers I've had thus yet. Also super-helpful when talking to one-on-one. Would highly recommend.
5.0 : Knowledgeable of the subjects.
5.0 : Excellent professor that knows the material well.
5.0 : I'm not computer science savvy at all but Chuck made this class super understandable and easy to follow. Show up and submit the in class assignments and you will pass. He doesn't expect you to know everything, he's really helpful. He makes jokes too, so it makes a class that could be dull for some a little bit more interesting!
5.0 : Do your homework, keep doing what he asks and have interest in learning. You will get a good grade for sure.
5.0 : Exceptional professor for us students, and an invaluable asset to the university.
5.0 : Thorough lectures and verbose feedback.
4.5 : He's a younger teacher so I think he's easy to relate with. He actually cares if you're learning and engaged in the class. Willing to work with students over grades and really listens to the feedback of students to improve the course. Very fair grader as well!
1.0 : Prof. Grant expected you to learn from the book. He did very little lecture during the term. Most classes were either team time or work on your assignments. Grant did not provide any original content during the course. His handouts were re-branded from other websites and he used the previous teachers slides when he lectured.
5.0 : D.C Grant is a chill professor. The only people who give him negitive reviews most likely didnt do well in his course. If you try you will not fail. Easy grader although it is confusing when he dings you off points but doesnt justify why. I have taken 3 classes with him and he gives pop quizzes and group projects.
4.5 : Dr. Bagley very organized and gives feedback in a timely manner. The readings have more information than you need to know for the course assignments so you can selectively skim or choose to get the most out of your tuition (I admit to the former). Dr. Bagley grades by the rubric making it easy for all education majors to do well in her class.
5.0 : Very inspirational professor.
5.0 : Kyle really enjoys the mathematics of physical oceanography and climate research.  He's the kind of professor that you wouldn't mind getting a beer with after class to discuss MATLAB methods or talking about his research.
4.0 : Kyle was great!  He tends to end up in long, tedious derivations on the whiteboard and talks into the screen at times, but he genuinely cares more about whether you understand what you're plotting than the code itself.  You'll get good grades if you just ask him questions, he's eager to sit down and explain things to you.
4.5 : He's super attractive and seems like a person I would go out and grab a beer with after class. Overall, class was meh, but Michael was amazing.
5.0 : I hope to take a class from Aeron again. He's a great professor and I learned a lot!
4.0 : Aeron Bergman is a great teacher. His lectures are fun and interesting (although a bit long) but he keeps the class engaged. I came to really enjoy his quirky humor and teaching style. He also has an impressive career background in the art world.  I'd take his class again for sure.
4.0 : Aeron Bergman is a great instructor. His lectures can be a bit long but he keeps the class engaged. Not a ton of difficult homework. I'd take his class again.
4.0 : Cool teacher. Not a ton of difficult homework. I'd take his class again.
5.0 : I took the EPI201 last spring when the course was first open. It was the best class ever and Dr. Baseman made it even more fun! The grading was not really tough. But be prepared to have final papers.
5.0 : The class was a great intro but the midterm, and homework were hard. TA's do not always grade consistently and the homework are only 1 point each. This means that it is easy to miss point and not do well. It is not an easy A.
5.0 : This class is an incredible intro to public health, and if Baseman doesn't get you enthralled with the field of study then you're the minority. Baseman is incredibly knowledgeable and enthusiastic and truly cares about student learning. She is great about not only lecturing, but applying knowledge in real life scenarios. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Professor Baseman was amazing. It was the first time this class had ever been offered so there were some bumps in the road she needed to workout. She definitely listened to our feedback though. Tests were HARD. Read the book she assigns too! The most negative point I have about this class is that the TA's grade inconsistently. That is unfortunate.
4.0 : got around 3.7.  And I kind of messed up writing a half-assed final anyways.  You have about 5 short responses, 4 artifacts to do yourself.  Doesn't give us much direction though, but likes to give plenty of freedom to write whatever is going on in your head as long as you can vaguely relate it.  (social justic warrior though)
4.0 : The class itself is difficult if you have never taken a stats class, but Mary Lou is a sweetheart and is supper accessible after class. Her TA's were amazing to. If you review lectures after class and take time to complete the homework you should get  a decent grade. I would recommend her.
5.0 : Will-I-Am is the BEST!!!
5.0 : I genuinely feel like Terry cares about us as individuals, very accommodating and helpful. Many view the class as a joke, but if you listen to what he says and follow along, you learn so much. He has amazing character and I wish I could take more classes from him.
5.0 : Okay, why am I the first to rate Mary? She's the absolute best and she is the one that motivated me to major in Early Childhood and Family Studies. She is easy to talk to about anything. She never makes you feel like any question you ask is stupid. She is one of the best professors in the College of ED.
4.5 : Mary is literally the most chill professor ever. She actually cares about her students and respects you no matter what question you ask her. If you need any clarification on an assignment she is more than willing to help you. You walk away knowing exactly what is expected.
5.0 : Mary is awesome!! She has great lectures, and she really cares about all her students. She's willing to set up times to meet with you and she will answer any question you have. The instructions and guidelines of each paper were very clear and she gave plenty of resources to do them. Definitely would take a class with her again!
5.0 : Mary made "understanding research in ECFS" really easy and straightforward to understand.  Participating in her lectures made the material really easy to comprehend and she was always happy during class.  I am very glad that she was my instructor because I have taken so many research methods classes from dull instructors. GO MCB!!! YOU THE BEST!!!!
5.0 : Hands-down the best professor I've ever had! She really goes the extra mile for her students. I wrote a paper about a field I'm interested in joining and she put me in contact with a friend of hers who gave me a job. Her lectures are inspirational and her expectations are clear and reasonable. I just ADORE Mary!
5.0 : Mary is amazing! She is the reason why I am not in the College of Education. She is passionate and truly cares about her students. She is clear with her expectations and wants you to succeed.
5.0 : She is one of the most caring individuals I have ever met! She loves her job and the area of early childhood. There are a few short papers, participation and service learning. Overall, easy class if you attend lecture and follow the instructions for the papers very closely. Fun class and GREAT professor!!!
4.0 : Professor is very nice and the class is an easy A. Lectures are boring and all of the slides are on canvas, but you have to show up because attendance is graded. One small group presentation (this is the final), 3 papers, and plenty of time to prepare. No tests or quizzes and no textbook. I would have enjoyed it more if it wasn't so early lol
5.0 : This teacher really cares about her students and it's obvious in class. She's very lenient with you and takes your needs into consideration. The class is very easy with a few papers towards the end of the quarter.
5.0 : Professor Selover is knowledgeable and clearly passionate in her lectures. She's really easy to talk to and very helpful. The class was not difficult but it was pretty necessary to go to class to understand the materials. Overall a very fun class and would take another from Professor Selover soon!
4.0 : You can tell she's really passionate about archaeology. A lot of information is given to you during lectures so always show up! Take this class even if you're mildly interested in archaeology. I didn't participate much in class discussion only because I was shy, but PARTICIPATE IN THAT CLASS IF YOU CAN.
5.0 : Professor Selover is such a smart and knowledgable archaeologist. She's passionate with what she does. She really wants her students to learn and succeed. I love that she brings in things from her personal experiences to her lectures. She's super nice. She brought donuts on the last day of class! I would love to take another class with her!
5.0 : I took a class with Taylor about comic books in literature, and I loved it.  Even if you have no background in comic books, it is a fascinating course and helped my writing skills. This class examined the world as reflected through comic books and it was awesome.  No tests- just 3 essays, and a portfolio.  Easy A, encourages creativity.
5.0 : Taylor's lectures are always interesting, you can tell she's passionate about the topics she's talking about.
4.0 : Avi clearly knows his stuff, and unlike other math profs at UW, doesn't try to punish your grade from tests. He gives one midterm, one final, and two quizzes along the way. I didn't try as much as I should have and I still ended up with a B+ in the class. He is thorough and very helpful if you need it.
5.0 : This class was 4 hours. Mo brings lunch to every class, and I mean a feast! She is very kind and grades generously. We had several fieldtrips throughout the quarter. Most of the homework is to write a 200-400 word response to an article. One big group project about women in the media. One essay, one ppt, one long 30 min presentation. Extra credit.
5.0 : Amazing Professor  and she cares for every single student. The course was once a week for 4 hours and she brought huge lunch for our class. You have 300 word response due every week. If you do your work and attend class you will get a good grade. Overall amazing professor!
5.0 : Mo is the best professor I've had at UWB. She is so nice, and really wants you to succeed. She is very caring and will go to great lengths to help you reach deadlines for assignments. I would most definitely take her class again.
5.0 : Mo is such a sweet professor! She's honestly the best and she really wants you to succeed. Work load is pretty easy! We had weekly reading responses, we went on field trips, and one group research paper and presentation. Also, brings food to class and you can text her with any questions and she replies very quickly!
5.0 : Mo is a great teacher! I've had her for BCORE and she is super nice. Easy class. Definitely recommend her.
4.5 : Class wasn't too hard. It seems that she grades everyone's work based on the level of the class in general (which can make a huge difference if you are at a higher level). She loves it when you actively participate in the class discussions and is always willing to help when needed.
5.0 : Inspiring, funny, relaxed. She is amazing and because of her, I am now a diversity minor. She cares deeply for what she teaches. Get ready for some reading. She doesn't force you to speak but it will get you points in class.
5.0 : Lorenzo is an amazing professor. He gives readings that are sometimes long and detailed, but he also devotes significant amounts of class time to helping us understand the material. He is always eager to help, always answers emails, and makes class interesting. If you want extra help, he always offers, and he sometimes gives test corrections.
5.0 : the best french teacher in UW!!! he teaches everything in a detailed way that you can understand easily! in his lecture, you can immerse yourself in french culture and  learn so fast but also deep!!! I've taken his 200 level class for a whole year and never regret taking his class!!!!!!
5.0 : Wonderful, great prof!
5.0 : Lorenzo is really really really really really a very good professor. He is very patient and very kind. He is very open to all the questions. He teaches very well. You should definitely choose his class.
4.0 : Ciao-Wei was a great teacher! Very clear lectures, didn't need the textbook. He doesn't go too fast like my 301 professor did, and pauses for questions so you actually have time to digest the information before moving on. Would recommend!
5.0 : Jordan is an all around great guy and his teaching method is very effective. If you like group/partner activities, fun games, and straightforward assignments/tests/projects than he is the Spanish professor for you! He's also really nice, is always available for office hours, and responds to emails quickly.
5.0 : Jordan is an amazing spanish teacher here at UWT. He is very engaged and hilarious. He speaks only Spanish in class because it will help you learn better. If you get the chance, take him! He is honestly the best Spanish professor on campus.
5.0 : I had this professor in the Summer. The class moves swiftly and you got to keep up with the homework and vocabulary. You will learn Spanish in his class because of the amazing lectures in Spanish. I really appreciate how accessible he was outside of class.
4.5 : Getting a decent grade with Prof. Cossairt is easy, but that's not why you're in CHEM 585. You're here to learn a huge amount of stuff about exciting modern materials, and Prof. does just that. Ultra-clear lectures, each with feedback forms for any questions you have. Comprehensive review of photovoltaics and nanomaterials. Real world applications.
5.0 : Literally the perfect class. Its not an easy class by any stretch. You will need to work pretty hard, but within reason. This class pushes you, but gives plenty of leeway. Dr. Cossairt is incredibly knowledgeable and talented at conveying her knowledge to students. Go to class, pay attention and you will learn.
5.0 : He's enthusiastic about the subject and I trusted he knew his stuff. He also checks on us to see if we understand the information he's giving. LOTS OF READING at the beginning of the quarter, but he lets up near the end to let us work on our finals. The reading material was relevant though and interesting.
4.5 : The majority of what I took away from this class came from in-class discussions. These consisted of Prof. Kim inviting us to build our own individual views of the issues of the periods/concepts we were studying.  He absolutely wants you to succeed. He's open to having email/in-person conversations to make sure that everyone understands what to do.
3.5 : Professor Kim is very knowledgeable  and shows a great interest in helping students succeeded.  His lectures aren't always exciting, but with student feed back he does try to change it up. Fair grader. Just have to put some effort into the assignments.
5.0 : Dr. Kim approaches American Capitalism from multiple perspectives to encompass more than the traditional historical approach you learn in high school and contemporary news. He allows for you to understand trends and changes in different locations that helped create the form of Capitalism we experience today. Great objective Prof.
4.5 : Professor Kim is an extremely engaging and thoughtful professor. He knows his material very well. Dr. Kim is very reasonable when it comes to grading. Very discussion oriented. He is not so much concerned with what you say, but how you substantiate your claim. Overall, I highly recommend him!
5.0 : Professor Kim was an excellent teacher that tried to engage the students despite not having practiced this before. Since he came from an Ivy League university, he knew his stuff and he understood everything. I found his lectures enjoyable despite the lack of interaction, and he is working on that.
4.5 : Professor Kim gave good, informational lectures and assigned interesting reading material. Expectations on assignments were clear, and I appreciated the feedback he gave when grading papers and tests.
4.5 : Kevin is a great professor that provides clear information and feedback on work. The class was very lecture based so be ready to listen. Overall a very interesting and wonderful course.
4.0 : What impressed me most about Prof  Kim was his desire for input.  He consistently gauged how we felt about the content, if we needed more time in our groups, etc.. You can tell he wants to ensure people want to be there and feel they are getting what they need out of it. He is also extremely knowledgable so you will learn plenty. Recommend for sure
5.0 : Third quarter German class. We only had about 10 people in our class, but it was never awkward. Prof. Mohler encouraged participation and the class turned into more of a discussion than simply a professor talking at students. Knew his stuff, always prepared, and easy to ask for help. Also knew quirky facts which is always good.
5.0 : Andrew is a TA in the chemistry department. I had him for Chem 321 and he did great. He was there to help and always made you think whether something made sense or not. Great guy
5.0 : She is a great professor. I recommend her because she is not one of the professors who prevent to care about you.  I am trying to take her class one more before I graduate.
4.5 : I took this class at UWT. I would just say it does go very fast since there is a lot of material to cover. The material is very interesting and great. MWF class but never had class on Fridays, just turn in reflection papers on Fridays and other work but it was very easy. Some articles are long but not too hard. A midterm and a final are given.
5.0 : Dr. Hershberg is a sweet and caring professor who helped me out a lot during the semester. She takes time out of her busy schedule to help her students succeed and knows more about developmental psychology than anyone I've met and was able to keep my attention for the whole class. The class moves very fast so be sure to keep up with the readings.
5.0 : Dr. Hershberg is a great professor! She's always available to help and responds to emails in a timely manner. Doesn't make you take exams, but there are papers, presentations and projects to replace that. She's understanding, and has a great sense of humor! One of the greatest professors at UW Tacoma! I absolutely recommend her! Would take again
5.0 : Great Professor!
5.0 : She is one of those teachers who truly changes the lives of their students. She is amazing, inspiring, down to earth, and more. I didn't really feel like I was part of the community at this school until I took Rachel's class. She helps students feel like they belong, she makes the class environment comfortable for everybody and she really cares.
5.0 : Dr. Hershberg is one of the best Psych professors at UWT. She truly cares about each and every student in her classroom and will spend lots of extra time with them to help them succeed. This class was pretty easy you got to choose whether you wanted to do a debate at the end of the quarter or take a test. Content of course is interesting as well.
5.0 : Sarah is a very kind and understandable teacher! Beware for ALOT of reading in this class, so you best be good at reading smart finding the important context from the book and pdfs. Grades from discussion post, participation, and take home exams, reading journals. Overall class was not that bad ,easy A
5.0 : Lectures are very interesting &amp; she does a good job getting the students to understand the material &amp; voice their ideas &amp; opinions. There is A LOT of reading, all of which are important to the class &amp; tests. Midterm &amp; Final were long essay questions (3) but you get to work on them for a week before they're due. Overall, great class &amp; great teacher!
5.0 : This is my third time having a class with her. I did not take her class because it is an easy A, rather I took it because I knew she is an honest and hard working women. She assigns a lot of reading every night, but it is modest, and she goes over the whole reading the next day in class. Highly recommend if you get the chance. Shes very cute too.
4.0 : She has a lot to offer in her field and I felt like I was being instructed by a real expert. She's easily accessible outside of class, which is great because she has really high expectations. She assigns a lot of work, but she makes sure that you have everything you need to succeed. Her class can be tough, but it's worth it.
5.0 : Doctor Hampson is one of the nicest professors you'll ever meet. She has this charisma that others professors don't have. She is really passionate about what she teaches and does an awesome job with listening to students. Her class may be a little heavy on the reading, but she is flexible.
5.0 : My favorite teacher at UWT. She really knows her stuff and if you don't understand something you can always approach her and she is always welcoming. Class might get a little boring depending which one you take because it is all lecture with a little group discussion. Heavy reading but easy to do assignments
4.0 : Great professor, very understanding! Lectures were actually interesting and she provides the readings online so you don't have to buy a text book. Interesting videos and opportunity to work in groups as well.
5.0 : Jen was a phenomenal teacher that gave quick, informative lectures and an overall great person. Reading during the course can get a bit heavy but all other aspects of class were either manageable or very easy. Do well on your essays and group projects (which aren't hard) and it should be a great time.
5.0 : I wish all professors were like Jennifer. The best professor I've had. There are some quizzes, but they're easy and all readings are online, no textbook required. She's a little hard to get ahold of because she's busy herself, but very worth getting to know. Class discussion were interesting and she has a great outlook. Take if you can.
3.0 : 2 chapters every week and their lengthy. 6 pop quizzes and engagement activities so you have to come to class. 2 movie analysis papers. One lightening talk where you present for 5 minutes. Mid-Term/Final are hard but she does extra credit. Lectures can be confusing because she's not as clear as I would have liked her to be. But a lot of information
5.0 : Helpful and very smart professor! He can speak Chinese
3.0 : He's a nice guy, but is a rather uninspiring speaker, just reading off his (not always correct) notes. There's a lot of writing as well, but it's generally not really graded.
3.0 : this class was more than 2 hours long and Tyler is a dry professor who reads off from the notes in the book. The content itself was very interesting but he did not present it that way. One of the reasons was due to a really long class.
5.0 : Honestly an easy A. The exams are easy, the assignments are effortless and there is extra credit
5.0 : The tests depend almost entirely on the lectures and because all/most of them are posted online, it is extremely accessible. No reading necessary. The lectures are pretty dry and extremely long, but bearable. Make sure to go to TA office hours before the test, extremely useful. HW is really simple, 1 multiple choice question for each lecture.
5.0 : The Michael Jordan of  Parallelism. The Maverick to Evan's Goose
5.0 : His classes consist of quizzes after each lecture so if you want to pass, then you need to attend class. He gives you the textbook to use for class for free and post all his lectures online as well.   He is an amazing teacher and gives you actual relatable examples and make sure that everybody is learning. He makes economics actually fun.
5.0 : I hated Ned when I started the class. By the end, I loved him. Prepare to read and write A LOT. More than any class ever. Ned is really enthusiastic and loves what he is doing. You learn a lot in his class, even though it is a lot of work. GO TO OFFICE HOURS and he will give a lot of help.
5.0 : Straight up, he's a hard grader. He does not believe that a paper is perfect ever and that gets reflected in the grades that one gets. I worked pretty hard and ended up with a 3.0. That being said, he's a really good teacher. He makes you think and make connections rather than just regurgitating reading, especially when it comes to essays.
5.0 : Xidian is a great TA for intro-level math classes! He is nice and definitely knows his stuff. He is helpful if you approach him with questions. He kinda leads you to right track and pushes the answers out of you. I would recommend taking his class. :)
4.0 : Xidian actually cares about his students and understands what we go through rather than being stuck up and careless. I really liked Xidian, he made the class a lot easier for me.
5.0 : Field trips are the BEST
5.0 : Really entertaining lecturer. Cracks jokes all the time and explains the material very well. Does lots of example problems, and he's eager to help anyone who asks for it. He moves a bit slowly, which could be a good or bad thing depending on the person. Tests had a couple of curveballs that could mess you up if your intuition wasn't completely down
5.0 : Great professor. He's very organized with the material and explains things pretty clearly. Would definitely take again. Very funny as well, he seem to "get it".
5.0 : He is my favorite professor at UW. His office is stupidly far from EEB but that's just about my only complaint. He had in-class exercises about once a week.
5.0 : Awesome lecture and super helpful!!
5.0 : Great professor and teaches pretty well. He also makes it very clear what is going to be on the test. I would say his class is a bit more math based compared to other Econ 201 classes. The only issue people might find is that he has a bit of an accent but is still easily understandable.
4.0 : Super hard class that was made better by Han. He's super helpful and willing to accommodate to his students as long as you're willing to put forth an effort. Gives homework answers in class, told us what each question would be about on the midterm and final. One of the best TAs I've had!
4.0 : I am taking econ201 now and he is really super helpful either after classes or in his office hours. We haven't had an exam yet but I think he gives enough problem sets to practice and he even posts his past exams for us. He is also quite humorous too. Take econ201 with him!! So far I really like his class.
5.0 : His office hour are super helpful.
4.0 : Dr. Tourniaire is a really great professor for Drama 201 but gives you a lot of homework/reading. Other than that he is willing to cooperate with you on turning in your assignment a little late just as long as you take care of yourself. He also makes sure that none of his students fall behind in his class just as long as you remember to communicate
5.0 : Guillaume is a snazzy prof. He obviously likes drama as a topic and his enthusiasm is conveyed through his lectures. He also makes a lot of references to pop culture so that's fun. I don't really enjoy the class because I'm not fond of the topic, however, tests are easy memorization of the previous lectures and you are urged to see plays for credit
5.0 : I'm a STEM major taking Drama 101 for graduation requirements but I am still excited for lecture. Guillaume is amazing at lecturing and keeps people engaged
5.0 : I took this class as a random VLPA and it was the best decision. He really cares for his students, is very engaging with the class, and brings in guest lecturers for our benefit. His lectures are really interesting and the TAs are amazing *cough, Shelby is pretty rad. This class helped push me out of my comfort zone. Tests are easy a lot of EC too
4.0 : He is very helpful. Just attending his lectures make things clear while studying further, improves it.
4.5 : I would recommend Lydia to anyone taking this composition course. Participation does matter so show up to class and speak up. Ask if you need help, do all the homework, extra credit and spend quality time on your portfolio and you'll be fine. It may seem like a lot of work but plenty of time is given for the assignments so don't procrastinate.
5.0 : Lydia is a real sweetheart and a wonderful professor.  She may assign a lot of work, but she gives reasonable deadlines and ample opportunities for feedback and extra help if you need it.  She really cares about her students as individuals and makes an effort to get to know you personally.  I highly recommend her if you're taking Engl 111 or 131.
5.0 : His lab instruction is clear but a bit too long to read sometimes. He is hilarious and caring about students. I met with him many times in the EE lab on Saturday for extra help with the lab report.
4.5 : EE 331 Lab was so much fun with Eric. He gives a lot of opportunity for extra credit which is really great in the end. Eric is so much and really cares about the students and is there to help. He even comes in an extra day every week in case we have doubts or need extra help. Definitely looking forward to taking EE 433 with him or any other labs !
3.0 : Eric himself is very nice and is always available to help students. The problems are with his lab write ups! You spend more time trying to figure out what he's asking you to calculate. He also has you calculate things unnecessary to the procedure that you will not use later which is frustrating.
5.0 : Awesome prof! Lectures are super engaging. Super great and clear explanations of topics. The type of prof where it's best to just listen instead of taking notes. Exams are fair. Homework is fair. The last two labs are super time consuming but well worth the effort. If you give a reasonable amount of effort you can succeed in the class!
3.0 : The only good professor within the embedded systems concentration. I so wish he taught and( designed the labs for) EE 371, EE 474, EE 475.
5.0 : Hauck is an awesome professor. He's obviously very smart and is able to break down and explain concepts extremely clearly. I learned so much from him and was inspired to pursue my current field because of his class.
4.0 : Crystal clear with excellent use of examples to teach computer architecture concepts. Attending lecture wasn't mandatory, but I always regretted it if I skipped. It was so much more easier to understand if you went to lecture instead of trying to understand the slides by yourself. Just one caveat, when you ask him a question he asks you a question.
5.0 : I've heard rumors that Prof. is one of the best EE professors at UW. After taking his course I can definitely agree. This man is an amazing professor, always taking breaks to ask for student feedback, and teaching in an interactive way to help students truly understand. The course was challenging, very lab-intensive, but Hauck made this class fun!
4.0 : Her class is very hard in the sense that you have to do a lot of things for homework, but you're given almost two weeks to do it. She gives so many examples that if you don't take advantage of them, you will never understand the homework. You have to put some effort for the grade, but good thing is no test!  you get to know SPSS software very well!
5.0 : Best Professor at the UW that I have experienced.
4.0 : Albu has a very good idea of what she's teaching. However, there are times were there isn't flexibility on our way of thinking on something. All "exams" are take home and not hard to understand. She will help you out if you ask for it. I enjoyed getting to know more about all the types of literature and understanding its history.
5.0 : He's the best English teacher I've ever had. Though all English lectures themselves aren't very interesting, Patrick is clear, engaging, and just a super cool guy. His feedback is detailed and punctual too, and he really tries to help each student become better writers. If you're a decent writer who's bold in your topics, you'll 4.0 this class.
4.0 : One of the coolest professors I've had. His class was really unique and enjoyable to go to everyday. His writing prompts are open for the most part and not too difficult. I can honestly say I became such a better writer after taking his class. His feedback is thorough and it helps for the Portfolio at the end of the class. MUST TAKE for 131.
5.0 : Patrick was by far one of the best instructors I've ever had at UW. Even though the subject matter is a little dry, he found a way to make it interesting and engaging. His assignments were creative, and he was very helpful when giving feedback. Definitely try to take ENGL 131 with him if you have the chance!
5.0 : Patrick is a wonderful professor! Very engaging, understanding on students and easily reachable, flexible, gives great feedback in a timely manner. He made ENGL131 one of the best classes I've taken at UW, which speaks for itself. All around great guy!
5.0 : Great guy. Really cares about his students.
5.0 : I loved taking Patrick's class. It was the first quarter that UW offered ENGL 182, and you could tell Patrick was genuinely excited about the course. He's a very cheerful person, and he was genuinely interested in the topics we explored.  The assignments for the class were pretty chill; there were no essays. We made tumblrs, posters, websites, etc
5.0 : Professor Nijssen is a great professor! His lectures are extremely organized and clear. He is also very helpful in office hours and always willing to answer questions in class. On top of this, he is hilarious! All in all, fluids was a great class. I would highly recommend taking any class from Professor Nijssen.
5.0 : Denis was an amazing professor. Very very clear instructions and his manner in teaching is wonderful. What he teaches will definitely come in to use for anybody that will be working in any type of company. He knows what he is teaching and he gives you more than enough to prepare for any assignment or quizzes he gives. Denis is one of my favorite!!
5.0 : Dennis is there to help you pass and succeed. This is pretty much an easy class and as long as you try then you will be fine. There is a lot of group work involved, group papers and assignments so be prepared to collaborate.
4.0 : The book that he uses is a good source. However, his grading method is kind of weird. Pop quizzes is 30% of your grade, so come to class and make sure you can take all the quizzes. There are just 4 pop quizzes but drop one. The questions are just about have you read the reading, not necessary apply to what you learn from reading.
3.0 : He's OK. I skipped class and he gave me a 2.0 for missing important class sessions.
4.0 : Denis is very quirky. He is enthusiastic and wants students to learn. He has 4 pop quizzes on the reading material throughout the quarter. The biggest part of the grade are group projects, so if you get stuck with a bad group, good luck. The work isn't too difficult. He values participation very much.
5.0 : I had the privilege of being a student of Professor Trapido's "Management of Organizations" course in my first quarter at UW Bothell.  Professor Trapido is one of my favorite professors at the UW Bothell School of Business.  Not only was his course fun and enlightening, but he is very personable and caring.  I absolutely recommend his course(s).
5.0 : What I really liked about this professor, was that he was truly caring and was a great help.
4.0 : I really like Denis. He is an overall nice professor and he goes out of his way to help his students. The only downfall is his lectures and reading. They can be a bit dry a boring. Take good notes and have a good understanding on readings. They will help you on the pop quizzes
5.0 : Amazing professor. He is very helpful. Beaware of the pop quizzes.
4.0 : Loved the class. Participation was very important but Denis made it a comfortable class to get involved in. Those who came to class got a good grade. Lots of readings to do outside of class but are not essential to passing the class. A very supportive kind and flexible teacher. He cares about his students and makes everyone feel appreciated.
3.0 : 4 pop quiz group paper dont skip class
2.0 : pop quizzes can make or break your grade, don't miss class or you won't pass and don't miss any assignments because there are only a few, miss one and you'll likely fail. Boring lectures, read the Harvard articles and the slides he presents and you should be set for the pop quizzes.
4.0 : Britta is an amazing individual. Her course work taught me a lot. Prepare to learn how to problem solve on your own. You are expected to learn on your own quite a bit, like in the real world.
5.0 : There are three midterms for this class, one term paper, and then weekly reading summaries turned in during quiz section. The midterms are multiple choice, but I wouldn't call them easy. Lectures are interesting and she really cares that you succeed and understand.
5.0 : She is a great professor. I love that she uses her past personal and professional experiences as examples in her lectures. Print the lecture notes out; it's easier to follow along and study that way.
5.0 : She is a phenomenal lecturer and keeps the topic interesting all quarter. Her tests are based entirely on lecture and lecture notes, so keep good notes and study them thoroughly. Also pay close attention to quiz section readings, but you do not need to use the textbook at all. Highly recommend!!
3.5 : The content of the course on human rights and development was interesting and I was initially excited about the class. Unfortunately course expectations were not clear. His grading was way tougher than any other professor's in LSJ. This was his first quarter teaching at UW so maybe that will change.
4.0 : Meyers is easy if you do the required work. This includes three essays, which are not harshly graded. His midterms are clear, as he gives you a study guide before hand which tells you exactly what will be on the test. If you show up and take notes, the class is a breeze. If you miss, he usually uploads his lecture slides online.
5.0 : He was a very solid professor. He assigned a lot of reading, but if you don't get around to all of it you'll still be fine. He gave thorough feedback on exams and essays to improve, and in the meantime was a generous grader. Very funny, very nice. Very open to helping and discussing outside of class. Very hot.
4.0 : Grade was all homework and final project. Help was readily available during the many office hours, but the homework still took a long time.
1.0 : He is the worst professor I have ever encountered in my life. He doesn't reply on piazza and when he does he will say "read the book". He pisses me off. The TAs know nothing and are so late to reply. The course is so poorly structured. The curve is totally messed up. Never ever take a class with him. You will thoroughly hate him.
5.0 : Alvin is the best prof I've had in CSE! Highly energetic and gives clear and interesting lectures. Assignments complements the course really well.  He does expect students to read the textbook tho. Not recommended for those who are unwilling to do so or expects everything to be explained by the course staff.
5.0 : He is super enthusiastic! He has an accent but his style of teaching is crystal clear. Learned a lot about DB from him!
5.0 : Alvin's lectures are easily the best ones I've had! Simply an amazing lecturer. Would totally take his class again.
4.0 : Alvin is young and has a lot of energy. This means he talks really fast  and usually covers a lot of material every lecture. Assignments can be confusing and a lot of work but they're up to date and deal with the newest database systems. Extremely friendly in office hours.
5.0 : Great teacher. Learned everything about databases from him.
5.0 : Easily the best lecturer I've had at UW. The TAs are awesome as well.
2.0 : Extremely slow grading and late to submit final grades but expects us to turn in everything on time.
4.0 : Not sure if she is ready yet to be teaching a class on a sensitive topic. Starting off the quarter by exclaiming "Seattle is so white!" is not the best way to build relationships at a school that takes pride in its diversity. Nonetheless, the class is easy enough if you can tune out personal opinions and spit back hers.
5.0 : Online. Credit no credit. You could have several friends take the course with you and create an iPeer group with them.  Basically do the end of chapter multiple choice questions and the end of chapter CaseStudy questions each week but don't fret, there are answers posted in the Canvas course website.
5.0 : This online CR/NC class teaches you Microsoft Access. Work with your iPeers which could be your friends if you take this course with them. It's a lot of work but its online. ) You have to do a database project in addition to the assignments from the textbook which is very easy 3 credits.
5.0 : I love this course! Python is a fun language to learn. Java was fun when I took AP Computer Science 2 years ago but python is much more clean, without the long and complicated synthax. His philosophy is that you should learn it for the sake of learning. In the end of the quarter your iPeers fill out a form saying you learned it and its CR/NC.
5.0 : He has the most organized o chem lecture ever and the grading is fair. He gave us 3 midterms and drops the lowest one which is great since there won't be too much material packed in each midterm. Hands down best o chem prof
5.0 : Excellent professor. Crystal clear, very organized, extremely professional.
5.0 : He is so great!! I obviously can't give the class a super high score in regards to the easiness level, but his tests more than fair. Probably some of the easiest tests I've taken throughout the ochem series. I would definitely take him again! He is super clear and organized.
4.0 : For an Ochem prof, not super difficult. Test averages around 70%. Solid instructor, make sure to understand theory behind observed chemical structures and trends.
5.0 : INCREDIBLE PROFESSOR. Best I've had so far at UW. Easily the most organized professor who has amazing notes and is very clear in his explanations and really wants you to understand. I would take his class even if it was at 6:30pm on a Friday. Tests are fair and expectations are very clear.
5.0 : I would say Nelson is the best O-Chem Professor I have taken. He is organized. The practice problem set and suggested book problems he gives are sufficient for test preparation. He is extremely clear about what to expect on his exams. Happy I got stuck with him.
5.0 : I'm a four-year degree STEM major. This guy is the best professor I've had at the UW. He is very clear and organized, he paces lectures exactly and in an accommodating way by effect, and his grading criteria are exact and clear. He doesn't waste time opining and he makes organic chemistry the star of the show.
5.0 : Had him for OChem 239. While the class is hard material, his lecture style is much more organized than any other chemistry or organic chemistry lecturer I've experienced at UW. Very clear, organized, structured, and if you put in the effort, the least painful teacher to learn from in the series. Incredibly well qualified and concise.
5.0 : Professor Nelson was THE BEST ochem professor I have had. Out of the whole ochem series, 239 was by far my favorite because of Prof Nelson. His lectures are super clear and organized and he makes it very clear what you need to know for exams. Organic chemistry is a pretty hard class in general, but Prof Nelson made the class enjoyable!
4.0 : He is a really great professor but his tests are quite tough, especially his final. I was doing fine in his class and the final killed my GPA. He is very clear and concise with the material and tells you what is expected to be on the test. He is super nice and always available for extra help if needed.
4.0 : Jesse was a good instructor. The class was very discussion-heavy, and participation was encouraged. He also cares if students understand the material or not. His method for grading was sometimes arbitrary, but getting a good grade was not too difficult if you did all the work.
4.0 : Coggins is a casual professor that clearly states his grading criteria. His tests are straight forward. Lots of rote memorization. Two papers, a midterm, and final in this course.
4.0 : Easy class. Simple weekly quiz/reflection based on provided slides and then a final reflection instead of a final. Lectures are simple and interesting. A solid choice for easy credit.
5.0 : He gets off topic sometimes, but is really good about covering all the material in a timely manner. Very good at explaining the derivation of equations. He clearly loves math and is super excited about it.
4.5 : Math 308 has theoretically tough content. That said, I think Lucas did a great job getting me to really understand the material. He likes proofs, so expect those. He also has a habit of going too fast, so make sure to tell him to slow down when you're lost. His office hours really really help, so make sure to go to those.
3.0 : Lucas is a wonderful person, and is a caring professor. He moved through the material too fast and was very easily side tracked. If you are a person that struggles with advanced math concepts, try to find a new prof! If you're unable to, just work with him and you can do fine in the class. He is always willing to meet with you and help.
4.0 : Emma is very nice and very caring. She always grades quickly and gives quizzes/tests back within a week. Pop quizzes make attendance mandatory, but the quizzes are very easy, plus there are a LOT of extra credit opportunities.
5.0 : This class has three midterms and a cumulative final. Grading is very specific and you know what is expected of you. Lots of bases to learn, but a quizlet already exists! There's pop quizzes (mostly fridays!) but they are easy. Emma is extremely passionate about the material and jumps at any opportunity to help you. She is approachable and friendly
5.0 : Although the test covered a lot form the textbook. It's mostly memorization of the words. The class is pretty easy. Emma is very passionate about the subject and she wants everyone to pass. She's also very helpful and flexible with students. I recommend taking this class if you want an easy GPA boost.
2.0 : She is a nice person and will help you, but the structure of the class makes it hard to get a good grade. You have to learn ten lessons of word parts in two weeks. Each lesson holds twenty word parts and each word part can sometimes be spelled four different ways. This could mean learning 200+ word parts. For three point class, that is a lot.
5.0 : Excellent Professor! Very Enthusiastic, even when the material is very dull. She makes the best of the class.
5.0 : Definitely the best teacher I've had at UW, I'd be genuinely surprised if I have someone better. The nicest, most caring teacher. Incredibly smart! Inquiry based learning, guest speakers in every class, Socratic seminars, debates. Pop quizes on readings, you'll get 100% easy as long as you read. A class on how to be a teacher. Everyone take this.
5.0 : Kimberly is without a doubt the best professor I've ever had! The class is structured unlike any other class I have taken at UW &amp; she builds a true community. All about inquiry-based learning and believing in yourself. She has a huge heart &amp; will make you feel like you matter. PLEASE take this class - it will inspire you to want to be a teacher :)
5.0 : Prof Kimberly is the best professor I've had at UW. She has designed an amazing class and genuinely cares for her students. She has an awesome, positive attitude which makes me get out of bed for an 8:30. Highly, highly recommend taking this class. Learned a lot about the history of education and problems we are facing today.
5.0 : This was the best class I've taken at UW so far. Kimberly is always available to help. Every class is student led with a socratic seminar for half of the class and a guest speaker for the other half. If you show genuine interest and try you will receive a good grade. This class was also extremely interesting and thought provoking. I loved it!
5.0 : Kimberly is not only the best professor I have had at UW in three years, but one of the best people I have met in my life. Her class makes you feel right at home and allows you to be yourself. Do not be afraid you be outspoken and talk to her following the class! She is a great mentor as well.
5.0 : I'm a graduating senior this quarter, and Kimberly is BY FAR the BEST professor I've had at any point in my college career. Take her class. You will NOT regret it.
5.0 : This was by far one of the best classes I have ever taken as an undergraduate. Whether you have a strong leadership role and personality, this class will boost that x10 and inspire you! Professor Kimberly also connects you with professionals who are in your field of interest.
5.0 : Kimberly was such an amazing professor and person at heart. She genuinely cares to get to know each individual student and helps you mature as a student and as a person. The class is taught in an inquiry-based learning style which was fun! I do recommend even if you're not an education major because every day is one you can take away from.
5.0 : Kimberly is by far my favorite professor at UW. She is the most inspirational, dedicated, caring prof. you could ever ask for. Not only does she challenge your intellectual abilities in class and present a wonderful curriculum, she helps you better yourself as an individual in our society by being a tremendous role model to all students.
5.0 : Kimberly Mitchell inspired me to become a teacher. She truly cares about her students and continued to reach out to me after the class was over. She is hands down the best teacher I have ever had. Take her class any chance you get.
5.0 : Kimberly Mitchell is a such a wonderful prof in the College of Education. She cares for each of her students and is an encouraging, relational professor who will push and challenge you to do your best. She gives the class a chance to be leaders and not depend as much on instruction from the professor, which I really commend her for.  10/10!!
5.0 : Kimberly is an amazing teacher. Her class was especially enjoyable because of the smaller class size allowing for more interaction amongst your peers. She tries hard not to stand and lecture all day and the class overall is fun and very easy if you show up and participate.
5.0 : Kimberly is the best professor I've had in my entire academic career. Not only is this class fun and engaging, it gave me the confidence I needed to excel in other areas outside of school; it really helped with my fear of public speaking! I highly recommend this class to anyone, even if you're not considering going into education.
5.0 : NO MIDTERM OR FINAL Kimberly is absolutely the best teacher I've ever had. Class is so fun! Attendance graded, book is absolutely necessary. Discussion-based + participation class and no tests (easy pop quizzes on reading). There's one group project and like 3 papers, but you have lots of time to work on them! Every assignment is on the syllabus!
5.0 : Amazing lectures, takes the time to get to know you even though lecture is over 100 people. Easy and clear criteria and lots of extra credit. An assignment due once a week that can be done while in class. One major project/presentation done within your group of three. Overall amazing teacher. Wish I could take more classes with her!!
5.0 : Kimberly's class is amazing! She is so passionate about her work and so supportive of her students. The class is not super difficult assuming you show up and put forth an honest effort. A group of students lead the first half of class everyday followed by a guest speaker during the second half. I highly recommend any class Kimberly teaches!
5.0 : Kimberly is my favorite teacher in college. She is always there to help. Her amazing class made me learn a lot in different ways. Her class gave me new ideas about teaching and learning. I was really afraid of public speaking, but I felt really comfortable to talk in her class. Also, her guest speakers made me learn a lot from their experiences.
5.0 : Kimberly is an amazing teacher and an amazing person. She is incredibly passionate about her work, and supportive of all students. I highly recommend this course for anyone with an interest in teaching. You'll gain invaluable information on pedagogy, learn from the experiences of many individuals in the field, and simply enjoy every minute of it.
5.0 : Kimberly is just amazing! I am seriously thinking of going into education major becaus of her class. The people in the class are from different majors so there are many different perspectives during group discussions.
5.0 : She is wonderful! Her focus is to learn with us, to make sure that we understand, and that we don't have the normal lecture format! She also give A LOT of extra credit because she really is here so that we learn, not to be tough on you. Even in a 100 person class, she will learn your name (or keep trying until the very end of class)
5.0 : Professor Mitchell is a kind woman who really cares about her students as whole people. She is the best and I really recommend her classes! You won't regret it.
5.0 : This was by far the best class I have ever taken. Kimberly is very inspirational and extremely caring. She genuinely cares about each of her students and goes out of her way to help each student succeed both in and out of her classroom. Kimberly changed my perspective on education and I'd recommend this class to anyone, regardless of their major.
5.0 : Professor Farrell is wonderful!  I wish I had the opportunity to take more of her classes.  She's very clear and has a warm lecture style.  She provides different kinds of activities so there are opportunities for all kinds of learners (listening, speaking, reading, etc.). Great anecdotes about her experiences in France.
4.5 : Mme Farrell is passionate about teaching, very nice, very helpful, and her class set up gives you the best chance of succeeding, including lots of in class activities/handouts, and plenty of powerpoints. Some of the activities may feel a little weird. All in all, she has been my favorite french professor. Would take again.
5.0 : Ginger was amazing. This was my first quarter at the UW and my first college level French class. She was super clear and articulated everything really well. She also really made an effort to get to know everyone, and was really willing to give advice or recommendations when asked. Exams were doable, not too much work. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : One of the best French classes I have taken. Ginger was fun and very energetic and did a great job of getting people to participate and actually speak French. Her tests were not too difficult and the class was really focused in improving our French speaking/writing skills rather than memorization or too much grammar.
5.0 : Professor Sablan is the man! I came into this class unsure about taking a music class, but he made things run so smoothly--just like his hair. His organization is on point and I learned a lot. I would recommend him any day!
5.0 : Sablan is awesome. Hands down! Take his class!
5.0 : MUSAP 389 has been my favorite course taken so far during my academic career at UW. Professor Sablan has so much experience with producing and performing music. He brings these skills to the classroom, along with positive vibes and great encouragement. He inspires me to continue my path for keeping the cultural arts in my life for my future.
5.0 : In the first week, she handed out 4 case reviews and expected so much. I lost points with the first assignments. I went to her office hours and really showed what she was looking for and how to achieve that. By the end of the quarter, she became one of my favorite. Be prepared to write a lot. 10 pages for the midterm and like 30 for the final
5.0 : She's chill. Very easy grader but you gotta write long papers. I got a 3.8.
5.0 : Amazing teacher. Not too tough of a grader, and is very intelligent. Lots of case studies and group work
1.0 : I'm going to save the trouble for many of you students and tell you to not EVER take this professor. I had to drop her class because she had turned a business writing class strictly into a law class. She's an attorney herself and will expect you to write an overload amount of essays on court cases and case laws due the next class session.
3.5 : Laura is very nice, but her class is very difficult. Her mid-term and final is very tough and the instructions were often changing or unclear. I feel like her daily writing assignments were more useful than her research projects. She grades fairly and gives goodfeed back. Overall this class is very challenging but should prove to be useful later on
4.0 : Not an easy A. But very helpful material. Could be clearer in her assignments, but always emails back really quick if you have questions. I'm surprised that she'll sometimes email back within 3 minutes of getting an email sent really late at night. Tough midterm/final but you will learn sometime useful. Brings breakfast and tells funny jokes.
3.0 : Laura is a pretty good teacher, but it was her first quarter teaching which made it difficult on the students. She started off assigning a lot of homework but then slowed down on the homework. She wants things done her way all the time, but it's always unclear what she wants. When you don't do it her way, he docks points. Pretty easy grader though.
5.0 : At first, I was intimidated by the class but after taking the first exam (and finding out what she expects from you) it's not too bad. She is always filled with entertaining case stories and the homework and quizzed are not too hard too. Not to mention, the Exams are very similar to the quizzes. I took her for Business Law. Awesome Professor.
3.0 : She is an attorney, so the class is VERY law intense. She lightens up as the quarter goes. She doesn't grade harshly, but the work she assigns is very time consuming.  She is very nice and easy to talk to. She wants to help students succeed. This was her first quarter teaching, so I think she's got a lot to learn and work out the kinks.
5.0 : Good teacher. Could be more clear in grading but got better. Really useful classbut you will work hard. Gives extra credit. Midterm and final challenging but she gives good feed back and extra credit so of you flunk its your fault.
5.0 : Don't take this class if you want an easy A because she makes you work really hard for your grade. She gives you chances for revising, though so half the class are getting As. Teaches in a relaxed and fun atmosphere in the class, and she had an amazing field trip at the end of the quarter. She also fed us breakfast.
5.0 : Very driven. Probably one of the most practical hands on class I've taken so far. She introduced us to Dan Price, which was really amazing. She gives really good feedback in writing and really wants us to succeed. Talented teacher, cares about students, really takes time to make sure you improve  your writing.
5.0 : Good teacher. Lots of writing, but not surprising for writing class. Only concern is I procrastinate and she expects you to stay on top of deadlines. Really helpful feedback, laid back and fun class. Fair grader. Really cares about students.
5.0 : Great professor who cares a lot about her students.  A lot of assignments, but she herself is a hard worker helping each student succeed.  She's a fair grader, and very smart. I learned a lot in her class.
4.0 : She brought us tortes on the day we studied torts. I still think about this.... Anyways, she really wants to see you succeed, and is more than happy to help you if you are stuck. Exams can be tricky, but she left ours open book and note. She's one of my favorite professors and her accent slips always crack me up... take her class if you can!
5.0 : Professor Umetsu is my favorite professor of all time.  What's crazy is that, it didn't start out that way.  Initially, I found her course to be daunting and overwhelming.  But Professor inspired me to go beyond my bounds and to achieve in ways I never thought I could.  I gained so much from her course.  She really cares and is a great human being.
5.0 : Great teacher; he always tries to understand students' questions even when they are unable to express what exactly they are confused about.
4.0 : He does random calling in lecture after every clicker question, you can also pass. You can defend your answer to get the point even if you chose the wrong choice. Quiz on canvas before each lecture about readings. Really straightforward.
1.0 : The content for this course is very straightforward. Memorize everything and you will be very successful. It's just memorize and regurgitate. There is no room for discussion or playing with concepts and ideas. The information is also utterly useless outside of this environment, so I wouldn't recommend taking this ever unless you want to teach it.
5.0 : It was an absolute pleasure going to lectures! Always challenges his students and expects a lot but is also ready to help and is open for all questions.
5.0 : one of the best class I've ever taken in uw.
4.0 : The lectures are pretty tedious, but Dr. Chun does her best to make sure that you learn the material. If you show up to lecture, you will receive all the materials you need to get an A. She gives you outlines for her lectures and fills them out with you. Everything you need is on those outlines (once you've filled them out).
4.0 : Professor Laing is a very good instructor but tough grader. She tries to be clear in her assignments, but sometimes it may be confusing. She does not give a lot of homework, just usual and normal for a student, readings, group projects and usually as a final it is an essay.
5.0 : Incredibly intelligent woman and it shows. The class is well-organized and interesting.  There's a lot of reading (do read and be prepared to discuss in class), but no busy-work, just a little homework, a paper, and group project.  She chooses interesting, current topics that are .pdf (free), and expands. Possibly the best class I've taken at UW-T.
5.0 : Professor Johnson is the most wonderful professor in UW-Tacoma.
5.0 : Professor Nandini is very passionate about teaching Bangla and does a wonderful job teaching it. She really cares about you learning and understanding the material. Participation is very important and the quizes/exams are pretty straightforward. It's mainly based off the hw she assigns, so if you understand that then you will have no problem!
5.0 : INFX 504 is graded by iPeers, (but this is NOT a group project). Basically this course you have to install Acrylic Wifi, make a GooglePlus / Google Hangouts account, write about a TedTalk, do a worksheet on Binary/Hexademical conversion, work around Command prompt (basically busywork assignments). You can have your friends as iPeer group members )
5.0 : NFX 504 is graded by iPeers, but this is NOT a group project. You can have your friends as iPeer group members if they all sign up for this course. INFX 505 you download Microsoft Access and do assignments from the textbook. Super easy and CR/NC. Only thing "graded" for credit is the iPeer Assessment Form, an excel file or google sheets file.
5.0 : Great guy - chilled out ! m/
4.0 : Online. Credit no credit. You work online with several students (you don't need to meet face to face). Also you could theoretically do everything in the last minute and pass. Don't. Making websites is so cool why procrastinate? Everything.
5.0 : This online CR/NC class teaches you Microsoft Access. Work with your iPeers by uploading your pdf "solutions" to Google Drive. It's a lot of work but you don't need to attend class. You have to do a database project which is A LOT LESS WORK than most of the projects I took in other classes including High School. More undergrads should take this.
5.0 : I love this course! Python is a fun language to learn. Java was fun when I took AP Computer Science 2 years ago but python is much more clean, without the long and complicated synthax. His philosophy is that you should learn it for the sake of learning. In the end of the quarter your iPeers fill out a form saying you learned it and its CR/NC.
4.0 : Professor Henderson really knows her Gen Chem and OChem! By no means is her class easy- but I mean what Chemistry class is? If you are willing to pull your weight and go to the lectures, you will do well in the class. Beyond the classroom, she really cares about her students and seems to enjoy teaching 3
4.0 : She does a good job of leading discussions and providing feedback. The papers are long and the grading is not super easy but it's about average for an English class. Expect to do a lot of reading and writing. Overall a challenging but good class.
5.0 : When I first met her, I didn't think she would be so young!!! I really enjoyed her class. Definitely would recommend her! She's very understandable and she really tries to work with you when it comes to writing your papers. She really helps the ideas in your mind flow and discussions in class tend to help a lot.
4.0 : Asao is a wonderful person, you can tell he actually cares about his students. In general though he tends to not give very specific feedback on our in class writing. He also tends to not explain himself all that well occasionally which leaves the class confused. Other than that he's not only a wonderful guy, but I genuinely enjoyed his class.
4.0 : Asao is really down to Earth as a professor. He has a lot of work but if you really put your nose to the grindstone, you can do all of it. His grading style is completely different from conventional grading and it's based off of peer review. You need to be able to work together and share your work with the class. Be prepared to think.
4.0 : Be prepared to work and work some more. You'll use these skills to analyze problems for the rest of the major so do pay attention. Dr. Thomas is actually quite friendly and has an awesome demeanor, she just expects a lot from her students.
5.0 : He made class fun with lots of in-class activities. His use of real world examples was helpful. He really cares about everyone succeeding and tried his best to keep our stress levels low. He always told us what to study for quizzes and the final. The project was tedious (as it is for 370 with any prof) and he doesn't let you pick your groups.
4.5 : 161 is an intro programming class. It was clear Dupuis put a lot of effort into teaching it. It was difficult for students that didn't work hard and didn't do the exercises he provided or use the practice exams he gave. For those of us that took advantage of them we did well. The exams were difficult, but fair.
5.0 : Lots of work, but very interesting topics covered in Secure Systems. Easy to talk to outside of class. Pretty easy going as well. Even helped me with my resume.
3.0 : This was a tough weed out class and by the end I was happy to have gotten a passing grade. He literally took the curriculum from other professors and modified to  his needs. Probably doesn't help that this was a 8pm to 10pm class section. Lots of reading and lots of quizzes. Tests (2-3) will make or break your grade. Literally presented off slides.
1.0 : Worst class I took during my entire degree. Uses online learning labs that don't involve any learning; they just waste time. He doesn't teach during class, just runs through the slides and cracks jokes. Do yourself a favor and get a good book on cyber security and work through it -- you'll learn more in just a few hours a self study a week.
5.0 : Fun class and learned a lot. Difficult at times, but feel like I can keep my self safer online now and have already helped my mom some. Did better than I expected too.
5.0 : took other intro programming classes before, but had a hard time with them. profs would make mistakes writing code and this easily confused me. shouldn't have, but did. yes, dr. dupuis used slides, but he made sure the code was correct before class. he stepped through it with the slides to show the progression. passed and finally get it.
5.0 : Took 310 with Dr. Marc based on what I had heard from my friends. Lots of work, but also learned a lot about cybersecurity in the process. Didn't realize there was so much to know and didn't seem to even scratch the surface. Marc is easygoing and always made time for me outside of class. Taught as a hybrid too, which was nice.
5.0 : Professor Sullivan is amazing! She is probably one of the smartest people I have ever met. I also appreciated how dynamic and enthusiastic she was--you can tell she loves to learn and teach!
5.0 : Professor Sullivan is a solid facilitator, and I thoroughly enjoyed her class.
5.0 : Super easy class. Teacher is really helpful resource especially if you have no idea what you want to do with your life. Such a helpful class with things like resumes, LinkedIn, Job searching, job negotiating, etc. Really great class overall. Little to no reading, homework once a week, and lots of great guest speakers. Very inspirational class.
5.0 : Morgan was a fantastic teacher. I had her class first thing in the morning every day, and I never dreaded going.  She was fun and engaging, and very helpful/patient. I learned a lot from the class, for sure, and was engaged the entire time.
5.0 : She's British and a brilliant person to talk about current climate problems. Could easily become your best friend.
5.0 : White was a great instructor to learn the basics of climate change from. Clear, straight-forward lectures. Exams were a little tricky, but go to CLUE and you should be fine. I didn't read the book too much and did well. She is caring, knowledgeable, and overall a great prof. And just an fyi, she has an easy to understand British accent :)
5.0 : Dr. Pavia teaches in the Honors program and is AMAZING. I had him winter and spring quarter and I loved the classes. I learned a lot, but it also just changed my life outlook. Not a lot of work for A. Show up and turn in stuff on time and you'll get 100%. TAKE A CLASS FROM HIM. You will not regret it.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at Foster. Prof Gupta is engaging, funny, incredibly smart and personable. His class is discussion based, so participation is required but you can miss 4 classes and still get full credit. HIGHLY recommend him as you don't have to do the Capstone simulation and there is no busy work. I actually looked forward to class.
4.0 : Instead of the stack-ranked CapSim, you do a group project that, albeit being a lot of work, prepares you better for the case comp. Gupta pushes students to think for themselves, so even if the first few days seem scary bc you're not used to participating in class, know that it's all for the best. The workload is manageable, but get a good team!!!
4.0 : Class time is discussion based 75%+ of the time on a reading from the coursepack (typically 12 pages). Aside from in class time, there are 2 individual case analysis assignments and 2 group projects. Be weary of finding a good group. Group projects are 50% of your final grade. No quizzes or exams, but there are 2 presentations and a few papers.
5.0 : Capstone wasn't the nightmare I thought it would be and I think it's because I took it with Gupta. The guides he gives you for cases and projects are a little unclear but the work was manageable. For me, the most stress I encountered were from my teammates. PICK VERY WISELY.
5.0 : One of the chillest instructors I've had the pleasure of having. The class material is already fairly interesting, but he spices it up with oh so many anecdotes from the field (He's an MD). Material isn't that difficult, reading is light+, and tests are based completely off lectures w/ study guides. If you get a chance, definitely take this prof.
5.0 : He's  awesome. He's one of the best instructors I've had at UW-- if not THE best one-- and definitely better than any instructors I've had outside of the Microbiology department. His experience and stories add an amazing touch to the class. The whole class gave him practically a standing ovation at the end of the last class.
5.0 : Grad student but very good communicator. Most 300 math classes are taught by inexperienced grad students. No final but 4 midterms which means they are not comprehensive.  Not going to lecture could hurt you but he gives ample review in the form of worksheets and theory review. Homework is a joke and worth very little.
5.0 : Dax is a teacher who takes pride in his work, and it is clear that he enjoys teaching .  My experience is that he uses grades as a tool for learning, and not as punishment for poor execution. With him as my adviser, I felt as though our goal was to accomplish something worthwhile with my paper instead of just writing it for a high grade.
5.0 : Dax will go out of his way to make sure you understand the material. He is always searching for new ways to present information. His enthusiasm for learning is contagious. Dax is more than willing to meet with you and help outside of class time. He gives suggestions in an extremely encouraging manner and is a pleasure to work with.
5.0 : Really, really, really cares about if his students learn or not.  Willing to give as much help as possible to help you succeed
5.0 : Dax Soule is an excellent instructor who occupies that special space between having been a recent student himself, and who actively engages with students as a teacher and mentor.  I recommend taking a class from him.  He is great to work with and to learn from.
5.0 : Dax Soule is an excellent instructor who occupies that special space between having been a recent student himself, and who actively engages with students as a teacher and mentor. I recommend taking a class from him. He is great to work with and to learn from.
5.0 : I had Dax as a professor for OCN220, I would absolutely take another class with him. He was very personable and truly cared about making sure that I had the tools necessary to complete each assignment and understand the concepts of the class. Take a class with him, you won't be disappointed
5.0 : Very helpful. Clear lectures. Challenging, but not stressful. Provides a lot of resources to make sure students learn.
4.0 : Chadi is a TA in the CS department. Does a fine job.
5.0 : Rory is one of the best professors I've had at UW. His lectures are fantastic, he is incredibly enthusiastic about the material, and he really cares about how much his students learn. There is a substantial amount of reading and homework. This class is not especially difficult or stressful, but I learned so much from taking it.  Would recommend!
5.0 : He's a great teacher, fair grader, very helpful. Gives very clear guidelines to what he expects and doesn't give ridiculous amounts of work. Class is entertaining, not at all dry and pointless.
3.0 : Unclear grading. Material similar to the class about Consumer Behavior.
5.0 : Kept me awake. Good interaction with everyone. Knowledgeable and caring. Cool prof.
5.0 : One of the most genuine human beings that a math professor can possibly be. Although the content of the class was difficult and covered a LOT of challenging material in a span of 10 weeks, he is very approachable during office hours and teaches with passion. Highly recommend for a math professor. Be sure to put in the work  for the grade.
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had, I learned more in his class and had a better time doing it than in any other class I've taken. Office hours are s great resource and he's fun to hang out with. His lectures are fun and informative. You won't regret taking a course with him!
5.0 : By far one of my favorite professors. Gabe is such a chill dude and really knows his stuff. He keeps lectures interesting and is always willing to help clarify or just expand even farther on topics if you like. You're truly lucky to get him as a math professor and while the course was hard, his teaching and help is unique.
5.0 : One of the greatest professors I've ever had. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Wesley is such a fabulous professor. He has a relaxed and easygoing attitude yet professional and knowledgeable at the same time. The classes are organized into online discussions (once per class), presentations, and group discussions. He is funny, which makes the classroom atmosphere cool. He seems to have the answer for every question!
5.0 : Wonderful professor, a lot of activities and group discussions. Speaks very well, makes people  of all opinions feel welcome. It was a 4 hr 1x/week class. To make that an enjoyable experience is a huge challenge but he did it! It was my favorite class of the quarter. weekly canvas discussion based on readings, one 2pg paper, project, final paper.
5.0 : Wesley is honestly the best professor I have ever had while in college. He's so funny, really understanding, and cares about what he's teaching. He makes sure to make things interesting and wants everyone to do really well. There's only 3 big assignments all of which are easy to do. Definitely take his classes!
5.0 : Michael may have views that some people don't agree with but definitely don't skip him! I had never take sculpture and his class completely took me out of my comfort zone. If you ask for help, he's VERY helpful. There's a project that requires using the wood shop, intimidating at first, Michael (and John!) is very helpful and wants you to succeed!
5.0 : Incredible. Some weird projects but very hands on. I learned so much and hope to take more 3D4M classes with him!
5.0 : Very inspirational and fun teacher. He challenges you and helps you think in ways you would've never thought before. Hands on and out of this world projects! Very approachable and critiques are helpful. If you're looking for an out of the box kind of 3D4M class, he's your prof!
5.0 : I absolutely love Dr. Rahbee and being in UWSO.  It has genuinely been the best part of university for me, and I'm not even a music major.   He's a really great guy and really makes an effort to connect with his students.  It's nice to have a prof who knows your name and cares about you.
4.0 : Quirky fella.
5.0 : I really liked Nicole, she was a great teacher. This was her first time teaching at Transition School, but I think she did a pretty good job. If you got a 75% on the first midterm, that's solid. Her lectures were pretty engaging. I really liked getting feedback from her, and she's pretty passionate about her research too. Would take again.
5.0 : Byler is a great professor , very polite and always willing to explain and answer questions. take his class you won't regret it
5.0 : I had amy for math 120 for summer quarter and she is honestly the BEST! Her notes and her lectures are amazing and its clear that she wants everyone to know the material. Shes so cool to talk to and shes hilarious! Honestly best professor I have ever had at UW. The way she taught made me know the material really well and her exams are fair. AMAZING
5.0 : He's the most hard grading professor I've ever seen! Make sure you spell right.
5.0 : When you first meet Anne Wagner, she will remind you of a Louis Vuitton or Gucci supermodel. She's photogenic and super smart! She's a PhD student and lectures only during summertime. If you need tutor help, visiting UW Tacoma campus and working  with tutor Megan, she is amazing too. Take Statistics with Anne, it is very much worth it!
4.0 : This class had a lot of reading, but that's to be expected with Poli Sci classes. Filiz is actually a PhD candidate, not a professor. It was a smaller class, so she encouraged individual participation. Not a difficult grader on papers. Her areas of expertise seemed to be Europe and Turkey.
5.0 : Liz is definitely an amazing professor - one of the best at UW. She is always accessible after class (office hours are practically every day) and she shows no sarcasm or annoyance towards simple questions. She is open to different but possible answers on exams and is very enthusiastic about the material. Would definitely recommend taking her class.
5.0 : Liz is an amazing (Summer-only) professor! She is constantly expressing her excitement for the material and appreciates student input. Questions are dealt with effectively and never met with hostility or sarcasm. Exams can be tricky, but her scope is to enforce creative, big-picture thinking. As such, she is very open to alternative answers.
5.0 : Warfield is honestly one of the best professors I've had here at the UW! She only teaches during summer, but is always accessible outside class (she held office hours almost every day of the week) and is super happy to explain anything you need clarification on. The exams are  a little tricky, but not unmanageable. Would definitely take again!
5.0 : Professor Liz was by far one of the best professors I've had at UW thus far. She really cares about her students and provides many opportunities outside of class to meet and help you out. Her tests weren't necessarily easy, but if you study hard, you should be fine. Tests are definitely fair. Would recommend!
5.0 : Professor Warfield is an exceptional lecturer! She's eloquent, funny, compassionate, and endlessly kind. She's very accessible, her office hours are often four times a week and she stays to answer questions long after they end. Professor Warfield made it a real joy to learn biology, especially because she was able to deftly answer all my questions.
5.0 : Liz is an amazing professor! Took biology 200 during summer quarter and she definitely made biology bearable for once! Go to her office hours, she's so helpful and she always has so many of them!! Lectures aren't that bad and sometimes very interesting.
5.0 : She is really good at explaining concepts/rules, and she is ready to clarify when needed. She also has fun ways of doing  vocab. I definitely recommend this teacher.
5.0 : Kristina was a fun and engaging teacher for what could have been a very dull class. She is very thorough w/ vocab and puts together awesome test reviews.
5.0 : She gives really good explanations. She makes hard concepts understandable. I recommend this instructor.
5.0 : Professional in the field who teaches part-time, so not just theory, but practical applications.  Valuable experience and information.  Really wants students to succeed and will bend over backward to help students understand.  If a lot of students get an answer wrong, he adjusts the test grade.  Definitely would take again, over and over.
5.0 : The class time was very valuable. Ben was very good at explaining concepts and processes in a way that everyone could understand and when there were people having problems he was always able to help them work through it, whatever the issue. Ben also did a great job at making ArcGIS exciting.
4.0 : Debra is a really sweet professor! She's very knowledgeable about international finance and knows a lot of the details. Super patient too. Her PPT slides are fairly easy to read (sometimes a little too easy)--assignments can be a bit time consuming. Presentation on an international finance topic. Exams are relatively straightforward.
5.0 : My first Law class in my first quarter. Prof Myhre gives amazing lectures, he explains the concepts really well by interacting with students all the time. The lectures are basically like a big discussion and you learn a lot from different perspectives! I learned a bunch from him and he's very nice and accessible outside of class as well!
5.0 : Absolutely loved him! His lectures were amazing and inspiring to listen to. He spices up the lectures with personal anecdotes and discussions with the class. The readings are necessary but interesting. I took the honors section so in addition to the lecture, I was part of a ten person discussion section biweekly. 10/10 would recommend
5.0 : Professor Myhre is the best lecturer I've had at UW. He gives interesting, funny and very informative lectures that get the class involved. He is great at interacting and makes the class feel like a conversation as people give input on the cases. He made it easy to talk to him out of class and is very nice and personable. Absolutely take his class!
5.0 : Took Laws of Sex for EFS, and it was fantastic! For our class, he valued organic, student-based discussions. He loved it when we would arrive at conclusions as a class, and he appreciates it if you're active and engaged (very welcome to questions!). Very chill grader, wanted us to reflect on our research and give him our thoughts in 5 pt. essays!
5.0 : A great organics professor that helps students not only succeed but enjoy learning organic. He has a great personality that makes you want to come to class.
4.0 : I retook Math 125 over the summer after getting a 2.0 fall quarter. The difference between Professor Wang and my first professor was night and day. Her tests were actually fair and a good representation of everything she taught in class. You can pass/ do well if you put effort into your homework and go to every lecture. Try not to cheat on hw!
5.0 : Very clear on lectures and what she wants us to learn for this class and tests. She gave us exam prep and practices before exams, which were really helpful! However it is not entirely easy! Work hard! you will get a fair grade!
5.0 : Liesl Strand is the most amazing TA EVER! If you have the chance to take any kinds of classes or sections from her, don't hesitate! She gives amazing feedback outside of class and is an all around amazing person! I LOVE her!
5.0 : Liesl is actually an angel that saved me from certain doom.  If you ever get the chance to have her, you best do it.  She's amazing.  10/10 would say she changes their lives.
5.0 : A literal ray of sunshine on a cloudy day. She saved me when certain doom aproached. If you ever meet her, thank her for me. Literally the greatest human being ever.
5.0 : Amazing TA. She definitely saved my grade. Bless.
5.0 : Black Women in Drama was an excellent course taught with a lot of care on Retman's part. We read 11 plays throughout and had group discussions on each. Expectations were clear: lead a discussion, two papers and class participation and you'll pass!
4.0 : Awesome teacher. Really interesting material. Class is made up of a midterm paper, a final paper, 3 quizzes and some discussion posts. Extra credit available. Seemingly easy grader.
5.0 : I am taking ESRM 490B: Decolonizing the Environmental Discourse and this has been by the far the best class I have taken as a grad student at UW. The class is formatted more as a discussion rather than lecture. In our groups we also get to lead class discussion for an hour and that is very awesome! I would push to have more classes like this one!!
5.0 : Jessica is a great instructor! She always made sure we were doing okay and helped us in any way possible. I loved this class so much! It was not formatted as a lecture but rather a discussion so we got to speak to one another and discuss the environmental justice cases. I loved the guest speakers!
5.0 : I took ESRM 490 with Jessica. It was amazing and the readings seemed short even though we had 10 + pages every week. Since the readings were very informative and important, it wasn't heavy. What made this class different is the guest speakers and panelists we had each week, definitely something that takes a lot of time to set up.
5.0 : This was the best course I have taken at UW so far. The class was engaging and it dove into issues that are often left out from many environmental science courses. The guest speakers and panelists for this course brought their experiences into the classroom and this made the course's narrative more powerful. I hope Jessica teaches this course again
5.0 : Jessica was very helpful for ESRM 101A. There were two teaching assistants but the other TA was never around so students went to Jessica for help. She was always helpful and smiled a lot which made her approachable and great to work with. She did expect students who missed class to check in with another classmate before asking her or the professor.
5.0 : Jessica was my TA for AIS 270. Her feedback on my essay allowed me to enhance my critical and analytical skills as a writer. She was very responsive to emails. I would definitely take another course with her as the TA or instructor.
5.0 : Rohit is the best TA I've come across in the department (I've taken 200, 201, and 300 so far). HIs CLUE sessions are very helpful with explaining the course material, and he's always willing to take time to clarify concepts, provide extra examples, and help with homework. I probably wouldn't have chosen to major in ECON without his inspiration.
4.0 : His lectures in his class were really dry but he knew what he was talking about. Class is graded by a Group project and a midterm. Midterm wasn't that bad, he curves if necessary and the project was graded fairly as long as you follow the deliverables checklist you'll get an easy grade.  Didn't buy the book and most of the class didn't so it's OK.
5.0 : A really solid professor at the UW technology institute. Lectures were very diverse. Many different guests in the industry came and spoke. If you do the readings, and take the paper/projects seriously you will learn a lot. In particular, ISO, case studies, ethical policies, research, and how to be prepared for the workforce in the IT field.
5.0 : Jacob is an excellent lecturer for this course. His lectures are great and easy to listen to, providing enough information to learn but not overwhelm.
5.0 : Engaging, enthusiastic lectures. Always recaps last lecture which helps a lot. Always looking for feedback as an instructor to improve. Open book quizzes and final. Quizzes are a time crunch but fair in content. Final has a lot of writing, but much more time to go over things. The bulk of work are group assignment which don't take very long.
5.0 : Dr. Appel is the best teacher ever. The class was active and fun. Labs were fun to work with. Exams were straightforward;  Dr. Appel takes some questions directly from the lectures, labs, or even in-class activities. She is willing to help her students succeed, she is patient, respects all her students, and is available after class for anyone.
5.0 : This is my favorite professor so far and I have been here two years. There is one paper that is split in two. There are labs, but everything is straight forward. She gives extra credit as well. I would definitely recommend her and take her again. I expect everyone in the class to get an A with how great she is.
5.0 : great professor. Follow the guidelines, come to class prepared (watch panopto recordings), use the extra point opportunities and it won't be hard.
5.0 : She is really caring and always willing to help.
5.0 : I absolutely loved Hoa. She is amazing and tries to make jokes to be funny. She gives extra credit if you don't do well, but as long as you do the work, there should be no problem. The book isn't necessarily used, but she does reference it. I highly recommend her and would take her again.
5.0 : Class was good and everything was fair. She did grade our papers a little tough though.
4.0 : Easy case studies every week. Lectures are pretty dry, but sometimes interesting. Online quiz with two attempts, if not unlimited.
5.0 : Took 2 of David Classes in the same quarter. 470 and 471. Both with a 2 pages case study weekly and a final project. As long as you turn in the case studies on time and meet the 2 pages requirement, you will get full credits for all the assignments. Extra credit towards the end of the quarter. Lectures are pretty boring. He could be funny though.
4.0 : Very autonomous. May talk for a very, very long time.
5.0 : Keon was my physics workshop leader and he was really helpful. He created problem sets for us to work out to prepare for the tests. He really helped me pass physics, I recommend this course to all pre-engineering and engineering students. Extra help is needed!
5.0 : Very attractive and smart
5.0 : She was an awesome TA. No question was ever unanswered and I really feel like she knew absolutely EVERYTHING! Arianne is no doubt a very engaging speaker and was well liked by our class. However, she is a tough grader!!! I learned a ton in her section but still did poorly on the lab report. But I still admire her and want to be her!
5.0 : Very helpful and surprisingly knowledgable. Would strongly recommend her office hours.
5.0 : All around great teacher. Would highly recommend to any other students. She did have an odd obsession with Chicken Nuggets and Kobe Bryant though. This became quite distracting
5.0 : Dr. Nahmani is great. His class was very engaging and definitely  challenge me to think critically about things. He is an amazing professor. I would take him for all my classes for every class if I could.
5.0 : He is good.
5.0 : He is great! You will not only learn but you will also be inspired. His class is not easy but is because he wants you to understand the material and do great. If you work hard you will do amazing and learn skills that you can take with you anywhere.
5.0 : Marc is a wonderful professor! He made the material both relatable and interesting during lecture. The exams were difficult but Marc holds review sessions and office hours to answer questions. There were many opportunities to get extra credit too! Marc does want his students to succeed, ask questions!
5.0 : Dr. Nahmani is a great professor. He truly cares about his students and wants you to learn and enjoy the material. His lectures are amazing, very precise and clear and he gives you the opportunity to ask lots of questions. If you really want to learn and enjoy science classes then he is the guy to go with. He is one of the best!
4.0 : Class consists of a midterm, final and labs. Attend class and you'll get the participation points. Midterm/final are 100-150 questions but manageable.  Discussions happen in class and keep it entertaining. Labs are straightforward and he doesn't dock off many points. He got me into security because of this.
5.0 : The tests were graded toughly, but they are open-note. You will still need to do practice problems otherwise you will run out of time. Lectures are optional, all are recorded on panopto (yay!) and homework is pretty straightforward - due every Friday. Prof is funny and really cares about making sure you learn.
5.0 : Not just educational but also really fun
3.0 : Arka is a solid professor (and is involved with some really cool stuff). He is math heavy, often going on tangents involving large integrals and such. While it can be tough and irritating to deal with in an intro course, it is also a reality of the field. Devour the "handouts" that he posts online to review the math in detail at a comfortable pace.
5.0 : One of the best professors in UW. The class is tough, the concepts are tougher but the applications are really cool! He actually wants the students to learn the material. Office hours are really helpful. Responses really fast to emails. Grading is fair and the online notes are easy to follow. Should teach some embedded course.
5.0 : He tries to teach well, and understands students' concerns. His lectures often get math-heavy, but he provides enough resource for students to read outside. He expects his students to work hard. But I learnt a lot by taking this course.
5.0 : This course is unique as it covers a lot of topics, and for few ones, Arka goes deep. He definitely knows his stuff, but sometimes, the information contents can be overwhelming. However, the assignments and exams are primarily on the few topics he covers at length. Very helpful outside the class and in office-hours.
5.0 : This course is really unique and interesting in its content, the assignments and exams sometimes pull content that is a little out of scope of his lectures. He responds quickly to emails and is very helpful in office hours, you can see his passion for the course material. The department should let him teach some higher level core classes.
5.0 : Amazing professor that's it !
5.0 : A great course if you are interested in getting a overview of nanotechnology, the course is heavy on physics so be prepared for that. He responds quickly to email and makes himself available for office hours so the class is not a challenge if you keep up with the class. Also a great elective GPA booster if that is what you are looking for.
2.0 : I don't think his lecture was helpful to learning and I found that I learned best thru reading the textbook and from TAs. He is not very good at explaining the problems or understanding what students are asking. He is trying, though.
4.0 : He knows what he is talking about and tries his best to make the concepts understandable, although his accent sometimes makes him difficult to understand.  If you ask regarding something you didn't understand after class, he always patiently explains it again, either the same way or a different way. As far as professors go, I think he is alright.
2.0 : Arka uses the word "stuff" or "thing" to describe concepts or while doing demos (not helpful!). Although this is a calculus based class, long and deep calculus is usually not needed to understand most concepts, but he insists on using integrals after integrals to explain simple concepts that could've been done w/o any! Attending just for clickers!
5.0 : Prof Flores' first class was something I will miss.  He added humor and color to the class and that grew on me as the quarter went on.  Tests were not a problem if you've been paying attention to the material in class.  He gives TONs of extra credit opportunities, and truly wants his students to do well.  Take advantage of office hours if needed.
4.0 : One of the better profs I have had here at UW. Cares so much about how much you are learning. Take advantage of his office hours! Easy 4.0, did not read the textbook at all. Lectures are long and can be boring at times but are worth going to. Cool intro into soc!!
5.0 : There aren't enough good things to say about this Prof. He is incredibly caring and genuinely wants you to do well in his class. Lectures were sometimes long and drag, but he made up for it with great jokes and fun stories. The class isn't hard, but it is a lot of work. Easy 4.0 if you put in the effort and all of the readings. Tons of extra credit
1.0 : He is a new professor and doesn't understand how to teach properly. He assigns too many readings that are incredibly long and boring. He expects you to read every single one and quizzes you in class. In class he favorites his students and they get bonus points based on whether he feels like giving it to them. I don't recommend taking his class.
5.0 : Super funny and a great lecturer.  Clear and goes over the key info from all the readings.  Will give a few pop quizzes but they are for extra credit.  Gives lots of extra credit opportunities in general.
5.0 : He's knows how to lecture in an engaging way. He values participation and it only helps to get his students to fully understand. He gives both pop quizzes and participation points as extra credit. He makes an effort to get to know his students, even if it's just making small jokes during lectures. Overall, great guy and great professor.
4.0 : He's a great guy - to the person below, he doesn't give extra participation points to his "favorites." I would also say the readings are long/dense, but such is college. Be sure to study the midterm - it was a bit challenging and not what he said would be in class. I love the class, though! Great guy with a great sense of humor.
5.0 : He's honestly the best professor. Professor Flores is incredibly supportive and goes above and beyond in order to make his students feel comfortable and safe because his class topic can be a bit touchy at times. He creates a safe environment for everyone and wants people to learn and understand the subject. He's great!
5.0 : Very fun class. Although the readings are dense at times, he makes the material interesting in class. The class as a whole is interesting and he is more than generous with his extra credit.
5.0 : Honestly one of my favorite professors, super easy to talk to and really engaging during lecture. I highly recommend taking one of his classes, he made it sociology seem really interesting.
5.0 : It is an easy A. There is a LOT OF READING and weekly pop quiz on them. lots of Extra credit opportunity. Attend his office hour, he's a funny, respectful, and cares about his students. Easy midterm, final and a 8 pages essay.  Attend lecture and you're set to go.
5.0 : Super easy 4.0.  Midterm and final were beyond easy and he is super generous with extra credit.  Great professor, funny, nice, he was amazing.  Really great guy who wants to see you do well and will go to great lengths to help students.
2.0 : Rene is a nice guy but does not know how to teach the material in an effective manner or organize class topics/structure. The syllabus and grading scale were changed multiple times throughout the quarter making it hard to gauge grades. The class was an easy A but I didn't really learn anything from it, it was more busy work than anything else.
5.0 : Fascinating class and very engaging professor, you do have to read for it but I found the tests to be reasonable, he really values participation in class and makes an effort to learn about the students. One of the few classes I actually looked forward to!
5.0 : Rene is an excellent professor, especially for his first year teaching. I would recommend this class to anyone willing to debate controversial issues. Show up to class, skim the readings, write a decent 8 page paper, and study 1 hour for each exam 4.0. I never talked the entire quarter and still aced the class from extra credit opportunities.
5.0 : By far the best 343 section taught this quarter.
5.0 : Just go to class and do the reading then you will pass. Really fun but needs some commitment.
5.0 : I can't believe that Autumn 2016 was Dr. Cooper's first year teaching the class. It feels like he's been doing it forever. He knows the material super well and the class is definitely formatted for your success. He is an excellent speaker, explains material well, and is humorous. He will definitely hold your attention in lecture.
5.0 : Loving him. I can't believe this is his first time teaching bio 180. He is doing great and I hope I can take his class again.
5.0 : Fall 2016 was his first quarter teaching and he is amazing. He really cares about the well being of his students and he remembers them and with more that a thousand kids that is in itself a fantastic skill. The class is very lecture based and the book does not help too much but it is not a bad thing to have. Do not be afraid to ask questions.
4.0 : Dr. Cooper is the best. Fall quarter 2016 is his first time teaching Biol 180 and he rocks. The lectures are  interesting and he's pretty good at answering questions. However tests are hard,so you need to go to classes, because the tests are pretty lecture-based. There's also polling questions in class so participation is important.
5.0 : Amazing Prof and knows his stuff! Lectures are amazing and very fun. Even though there are hundreds of people he makes you feel involved. A lot of online homework based off of the textbook reading (which are required if you want to pass). A lot of exams but they can be difficult. Overall, amazing Prof for this class.
5.0 : I loved Dr. Cooper! He is an amazing teacher. He cares about his students and he tries to involve them in his lectures. He made the content very interesting and fun. I recommend him as a teacher. I personally struggled in this class because of the grading, since the TAs grade. As long as you put in time for office hours, you will do good.
5.0 : Dr. Cooper is my favorite professor in UW! He is passionate and very caring. I enjoyed his lectures so much. He really knows his stuff and is always prepared to answer any question. It's really surprising that it was his first time teaching! I would definitely take his class again.
5.0 : Dr. Cooper was awesome, his lectures are amazing, he conveys complicated topics with ease, He is a really nice guy, and has a really good voice.
5.0 : He was the greatest bio professor I could have asked for. He really makes you think and apply your learning which is hard but worth it when you start seeing the world differently.
5.0 : Great lecturer who cares about his subject and does a great job of making it interesting. Tests are difficult with odd grading criteria, but that is the nature of a 700 person class. Would recommend if you are a science major or you like science a lot.
5.0 : Amazing professor, his lectures were very engaging, he's a funny guy and made the material interesting and clear to understand. He was very encouraging, and even made effort to learn student names in a lecture hall with hundreds. Tests are pretty difficult, and studying is a must, but if you apply yourself you should be able to get a decent grade.
5.0 : The lectures were very interesting and overall the class was pretty interesting but the material can be pretty difficult to understand. He offered office hours and email for extra help and questions. Was very enthusiastic about the material, and excited to teach everyday.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I've had at UW. He really knows how to explain concepts clearly and connect with students. Expect to do a lot of reading to succeed in this class.
5.0 : Dr. Cooper is one of the best professors I have had at UW. His lectures are fantastic, engaging and helped tremendously with my learning and understanding of the material. Exams are hard, but look for key words/ understanding of the material rather than just memorization. He is very approachable and I recommend him to anyone, he was great!
5.0 : Dr. Cooper connects with the students very well and his lectures are super interesting. The class as a whole is extremely challenging because the teacher assistants who grade the exams demand that you are precise and concise. Lots of readings but the Biology textbook by Freeman is fascinating.
5.0 : An amazing professor! He'll make you work for a good final grade, but he's passionate and willing to help at any time.
5.0 : Loved him! He cares about how his students are feeling and tries to connect them in every way. Lectures are definitely worth going to and his personality is awesome! Exam grading may be tough but the overall concept of this class was super structural and I learned some great stuff! Recommend 100%
5.0 : Dr. Cooper is the most caring, engaging, and respecting prof at UW yet. Class is mandatory, but fun with discussions, poll questions, and demonstrations. Reading quizzes every night which makes class more involved than other lecture courses. Labs are low stress group activities and short in lab reports that really help understanding.
5.0 : Jake's the best, his lectures are engaging and entertaining, he's very approachable and always happy to talk to his students.  Grading on the tests is super tough and even the best students get frustrated but if you pay attention and stay on top  the of the readings the class is designed for success.
5.0 : Biol 356 was the second class I've taken with Jake and it was probably the best decision I've made this year. I felt like I learned something new every lecture and the workload was very reasonable (The tests are way easier than 180). Also Jake brought the whole class Macaroons for Passover because he's the best.
5.0 : This is my second class with Dr. Cooper and it was the best decision I made. I learned so much from his class. He's a genuinely caring and thoughtful person. Lectures are based on discussion, polling, and fascinating scientific studies. He's inspired me to study evolutionary biology. Best professor ever.
5.0 : 2nd class w/Dr. Cooper, and the fact that many raters here have taken from him before should tell you a lot. The average grades are higher than in bio 180, but  the course is not easier because you can easily spend 3 hours trying to understand the details of primary literature. Enthusiastic &amp; always answers questions. Best prof I've had at UW.
5.0 : This processor is really awesome, great things is all that I have learned. I took bio after a long time and the material was also really new, but Dr. Cooper is really awesome at explaining and making his lectures the most wonderful lectures out there. The lectures are really engaging and get ready to be wowed and I would take it with him again.
5.0 : Best lecturer in college yet! Engaging, interesting, inspirational. Expectations are very clear. Wish more professors would be like him.
5.0 : HE IS THE BEST! If you can move your schedule around to take him then do it! His lectures are extremely interesting. Every time I feel like not being there, but his lectures made me feel glad that I was there. His expectations are very clear and his exams are straightforward nothing really tricky.
5.0 : Dr Cooper was my favorite UW prof. He gives reading each night and weekly quizzes, which can be annoying, but if you pay attention to them you will 100% pass the tests. His lectures are very important to attend to succeed, but they are VERY fun. He also makes an effort to get to know you, and remembered me a quarter later when I saw him in HCK.
5.0 : Jake makes this class very enjoyable even though it's a GPA-killer. He's very passionate and caring for students.
5.0 : Seriously such an entertaining lecturer who keeps class interesting. Very approachable and cares about the students doing well (even though it's a huge lecture). Don't be scared to ask questions!
4.0 : He always creates comfortable atmosphere to ask in class. Keep the class interesting all the time. You learn new things every day in lectures. He will do polling and random call to answer his discussion questions. So reading is necessary.
5.0 : He is the best lecturer!!! He is smart, passionate, fun and he knows how to engage students in class. This is a hard class, but he brings out the interesting part of biology.
5.0 : He makes the class really fun and interesting. He's really funny and approachable and he makes participating in class much less stressful. One of my favorite professors of all time!! Take his class!!!
5.0 : Cooper was always super engaging and respectful of students. His lecture style is very clear and he makes the class super interesting and fun. TAKE THIS PROFESSOR IF YOU CAN HE ROCKS!!
5.0 : Dr. Cooper is truly an engaging lecturer. He is able to make seemingly boring topics into fun, and up beat lectures. The best part of all,  I learn something new each time. Even though the grading is tough (especially if you don't use key words!), you get to learn  the fundamentals of biology, and on top of that, how to have better study habits,
5.0 : DR. COOPER IS THE MOST AMAZING PROFESSOR! He knows his material so well and teaches it in a way that is both fun and engaging. He makes a class of 700 feel like a class of 20. Go to his office hours, they are helpful and entertaining! He is such an inspiring professor and really cares about every student. Tests are killer but 10/10 take this class!
5.0 : Solid professor. Lectures are extremely interesting. Bio 180 in itself is a tricky course just because the answers they are looking for on tests aren't always straightforward. Definitely do the study questions and stay on top of the readings so that the reading quizzes and polling questions come easily to you. Forming study groups is really helpful
3.0 : eh. He's a great person, don't get me wrong. And he's a great lecturer. But you don't really learn that much in lecture. If you're not naturally good at biology, you prob won't do well in this class. Exams feel like a crapshoot. And this is from someone who average a 3.7 in the gen chem series. It's not really him that's the problem, it's bio 180.
5.0 : Cooper is such an amazing professor even though its his first time teaching. His lectures are really engaging and you can tell he really cares about what he's teaching. His office hours are pretty helpful as you have the chance to ask more specific questions. Super down to earth, tests aren't that hard as long as you do the study questions and read
5.0 : I can't believe that this was the first time Dr Cooper ever taught a class, he is one of the best lecturers I have ever had! Every single lecture was interesting and engaging, and he did an awesome job of making everyone feel good about themselves. I hope I get to take another class from him in the future.
5.0 : Dr. Cooper is an amazing teacher and his lectures were always entertaining and informative. Be careful of test format and really pay attention to what they're asking for in the question. Other than that as long as you pay attention to what Cooper emphasizes you'll be solid.
5.0 : This guy was really respectful of students and their time, and was always really entertaining to watch in our required-attendance class.
5.0 : Dr. Cooper was wonderful. Apparently this quarter (Fall 2016) was his first quarter leading the class, and he did a great job. He was entertaining, the subject matter was interesting, and was well loved by everyone I've spoken too.
5.0 : I had Stefanie for 2 courses Fall quarter 2016, BHLTH 492 and BHLTH 224 which actually both overlapped each other concept wise. This really helped me succeed in both classes but I wouldn't recommend taking both classes the same quarter because they were both so similar. She was very understanding and caring about our success in her class. Love her!
4.0 : Nice professor and hard grader. For a 400 level class its pretty doable, as long as you've taken a previous microbiology/upper biology class before. All quizzes are in-class, open note, and can work with classmates. Theres 1 exam and 1 final exam w/ multiple choice, short answer question, and matching.
5.0 : She is extremely nice and makes you feel comfortable in the classroom. There is a lot of work, but it is easy work. You can tell she is passionate about what she teaches, and that makes learning even easier. She allows you to take her tests twice. Once alone and then again in a group and your score is the average between the two.
3.0 : Great at teaching but expect to have a heavy work-load, not comparable to other classes.
1.0 : Grades much tougher than any other instructor I've had. I felt like I was back in high school with her approach to teaching/grading etc.
5.0 : I have taken two courses with her and her classes are super well put together, interesting, lots of variety in subject and assignments, fun, and she is very organized and clear with expectations and instruction. You can tell she has a true passion for disease &amp; biology and that makes her such an amazing person to learn from. Also very approachable.
5.0 : Professor Cabral is super nice and helpful, She'll make sure she replies everyone. There're 2 textbooks, reading quizes are group attempts, and there're be an individual attempt and a group attempt for the 2 exams . 2 short papers, participation matters. There's a bit of reading but exams are overall not difficult. Highly recommend!!
5.0 : This is a very easy class as long as you show up and participate. Will not regret taking this class. There is one major power point besides that it is just field trips and other fun assignments.
4.0 : She is a fast lecturer and kinda intimidating to ask q's to in lecture, so I recommend going to her office hours because she is very helpful and will walk you through tougher concepts. I went to most of the review sessions and studied with friends (mostly off her lectures though we were told to read the textbook) and I did well! You can do it!
5.0 : Dr. Self is great! She is really good at explaining concepts and it is very important to her that you understand. She uses many different techniques to keep you engaged like PollEverywhere questions, Random Call, and small group discussions. Also she is a hoot! Really sarcastic but so funny!
4.0 : She's a great professor and makes learning fun. However, that said, the class structure isn't the greatest and neither are the exams. You have to learn a lot of material as you don't know what you'll exactly be tested on and I'm talking about dense material. Class consists of 5 exams and poll questions everyday so participation matters.
5.0 : Casey is able to explain the information well and has an AWESOME sense of humor. There's a lot of engagement during lecture- she gives time to discuss and you get points for PollEverywhere questions (beware of the random call list). I had to re-watch lectures b/c she talks pretty fast but I strongly recommend taking her if you need this class.
5.0 : Dr. Self is incredibly intelligent and capable. She is on top of addressing questions and thoroughly explaining concepts.
3.0 : She expects you to have read the readings before class. Calls on people in class, so you should be there if you get called or else you won't get points. There's poll questions for participation. Multiple choice for the tests.
5.0 : Casey is one of the best Bio professor that I had here at UW! Her public speaking is really amazing! The class is hard! U have to understand the concepts from lectures rather than memorizing. Her exams are all multiple choices and Poll everywhere  participation. I would love to take classes with her again! Recommend if you want a challenging class
1.0 : Her way of teaching is very ineffective and annoying.  She keeps asking you to discuss with your partner every 5 minutes which is so annoying distract the momentum of your concentration to the lecture.  She lectures like middle school science teacher.
3.0 : Here's the key: you gotta be super alert during every lecture. There's SO MUCH info and she's a little scary but does well explaining it, so stay awake. And she throws in class polls, so she knows when you're skipping. For this one, definitely get the book and go to all the study sessions (which are awesome). But be prepared to WORK.
5.0 : Even though the class had over 300 students, Professor Self did her best to engage with each and every individual. She genuinely cared about student's learning and held optional weekly study sessions for student's benefit. Tests were hard, but as long as you study you can pass easily.
1.0 : For a low level Bio class, she is extremely difficult. She knows her subject, but she talks way to fast, and doesn't explain key concepts well. Most of these students aren't bio majors, so why make it so difficult? Go to class, read the book, and go to study sessions (they were more helpful than her).
5.0 : Dr. Self is an amazing instructor and hella funny! She is a matter of fact kind of lecturer and I loved her attitude. She's so knowledgable and her lectures are very clear. She may be tough but you will learn the stuff. Take her class!!!!
5.0 : Casey was an amazing professor, she taught with another professor &amp; the days that Casey lectured were my favorite. She is straight forward and to the point and pretty funny! You have to attend lecture for Poll Questions (participation points) but she makes heavy lectures seem simple and easily understandable. Definitely one of my favorite proffs!
4.0 : Tough class but not impossible! I studied a medium amount and still got a 3.1. I suggest typing notes because lectures are packed with info that aren't on her slides and she talks fast. Lab is super cool, you see a lot of specimens and get to dissect sharks, and rabbits/minks. There's three lecture exams, two lab practicals and weekly lab quizzes.
4.0 : No need for textbook. Difficult class. Other ratings under "Peng Yang". DO NOT FALL BEHIND. It will take you forever to catch up. Not a forgiving teacher - if you turn in anything late or not in proper format - huge impact on grade. The "MarkeyJester's 68k Tutorial" website can be found on Google - will be your best friend throughout the quarter.
5.0 : During the in-class lectures Dr. Peng always gave me the impression that he cared very much about our success in the class. He paid close attention to the parts of the lecture that students did/did not understand. He explained Karnaugh maps in class in one hour, and I'd read that wikipedia page at least 5 times before then and never got it.
5.0 : Professor Peng is very experienced with C++ and is willing to help you learn more than just the basics. He will help you understand WHY things are done a particular way to prevent possible bugs or errors. He really helped me grasp pointers and the STL. I highly reccomend this class with Professor Peng.
4.0 : Info 101 is an interesting course.  How high your GPA is will be relative to how hard you work. As long as follow your TA, you will get a good GPA.
5.0 : She's really easy-going and she cares about her students a lot as she can even remember each name of her students. She treats us as her friends and the class is really fun and full of chances to get extra XPs. This is a really inspiring class and she will give a lot of chances for students to volunteer to get XPs.
5.0 : Adriana is a great TA, she is very helpful , funny and likes to crack jokes.
5.0 : Great professor!! Really cares about you doing well in her class and will help you whenever you need. Very understanding and doesn't grade harshly.
4.0 : He's very nice and easy to influence if the whole class chimes in. My class convinced him to make the Mid-term and final open book/open note, with fewer questions, and 3 hours to do it. The worst part of this class was that he's very serious about participation. If you show up, but don't talk, the most you can get is 7/10 points.
5.0 : Dan is an awesome guy. Some students found his class difficult, I did not but maybe because Finance is my concentration. You can use all the resources on the quizzes and exams so he makes it a lot easier. He had us present for 50 extra credit points, which is awesome. I got a 4.0 in his class. One of my favorite teachers. Definitely recommend.
5.0 : Overall good professor. Class and lectures are pretty laidback and she answers questions well. Lectures arent't too boring and breaks are given. Her only downside is her tests... some of the questions she puts on it are ambiguous  but she usually gives everyone the question if enough people complain.
4.0 : There were a total of four "assignments" in addition to one midterm and one final. Skye is very flexible and easy-going. She makes an effort to accommodate students with busy schedules and has a relatively easy class. She's also super nice and her lectures are very accessible. No required texts; readings are usually articles or websites.
4.0 : Skye is a great lecturer who makes her points clear with guided powerpoints. The class is 40% assignments, 15% participation, and 45% tests. Her recordings are on Panopto, but she does have random participation in class sometimes. There is no curve, so make sure to pay attention in lecture! Tests can be specific, but it's a great, relevant class!
5.0 : Took Geog245, was a very enjoyable and interesting class. Very fair grader, and her tests were very straightforward and easy to do well on if you studied and showed up to lectures.
4.0 : Her grading criteria was super straightforward as mentioned above &amp; class is super easy content (for UW, I think that anyone can get a 3.5 or higher in this class). That being said, lectures are suppeer boring if you're not interested in geography. She's really nice and can accommodate to whatever schedule. Just show up and review notes, super easy
5.0 : I've taken him twice, and I love him. Has a Romanian accent, but he's pretty easy to understand. Definitely have to work, but he makes it really simple to succeed if you put in effort. Super nice. Really easy to access outside of class. Posts power points on Canvas. Gives awesome explanations if you're confused. One of the best professors I've had.
5.0 : Codrin is so nice and will help you if you need it.  The class consists of three tests, group exercises, clicker questions, and weekly quizzes on the chapters.  He expects you to print the slides out and use them to take notes on.  The book is not required for class but it definitely helped me out a lot.
5.0 : Nedita is one of the nicest professors I've had in my 2 years here at UWB. He is very clear in what he wants and what work you need to put in to succeed in his class. Almost after ever lecture, he emphasizes to take advantage of office hours if you are having troubles. Quizzes are exactly like the homework  - make sure to do it and you'll do great!
4.0 : The subject is tough but he is a fair grader, he is available to his students if you have questions and has daily office hours, the tests are tough but if you do the homework and study you should get a decent grade
5.0 : Nedita is hands down one of the best professors Ive had the pleasure of taking at UW Bothell. If you need to take micro/macro econ, take his class!! Hes so easy to understand (besides his awful handwriting lol) and really cares about his students learning. Super nice guy with clear and concise lecture style!
5.0 : If you are taking Micro/Macro, take this professor! You are graded on weekly quizzes, clicker questions, group projects (answering questions as a group) and Exams. Honestly, if you show up to class, pay attention, and do the homework (not graded but great for practice problems), you will do just fine.
5.0 : Immersive involved descriptive
5.0 : One of the nicest, caring professor's I've ever met! Always makes sure you understand the subject before he moves on and is willing to slow stuff down if you don't. Makes notes in class super easy with handouts. You have to come to class due to clicker questions which are a major portion of your grade otherwise a simple and easy class
5.0 : Codrin is a great teacher! He is funny and does a really good job explaining the course content. He is always happy to answer questions and interacts with the students. Take this class!
5.0 : Codrin posts his slides on Canvas with some blanks to fill in. Print this out and use it to take notes, it's by far the most helpful resource in the class and helps a ton during lectures. Codrin's lectures are extremely clear, he simplifies things down and does well to give examples and check for understanding. Never opened the textbook, don't buy.
5.0 : Although I did not get a good grade in the class he is an awesome professor. He expects you to print out the ppt slides and come to class to take notes on them. Some of his lectures are long but he generally throws in a video or two to make it interesting. We also do clicker questions and group questions during class. tip: go to office hours!
5.0 : I really enjoyed Lorraine's class and the talks we had during office hours. Without a doubt the best professor I had during my first 2 years at the University of Washington Tacoma and I really appreciate everything.
4.0 : She really cares about your learning and brings amazing lecturers to class.
5.0 : This innovative class assists students 2 learn their personal strengths, define success on their own terms&amp; find their own road in life. Wasn't initially enthusiastic 4 this class, but am SO glad Lorraine designed it &amp; grateful for the self knowledge and valuable life lessons I learned. You won't regret it and she is all u can ask in an instructor.
5.0 : I really appreciate that I had this class with Lorraine because I got lots of information from the presentations in class. Before this class I was confused and nervous about my own road and always thinking about it on the negative side. Now we learn that failure is success, I can use my strengths to find my road.
5.0 : Lorrain is AMAZING!! The lectures will never put you to sleep! The speakers have great stories and you get the chance to learn about how they got to where they are now. Lorraine is caring and cares about each and one of her students. Take this class and you will be in good hands plus you will learn a lot about different paths to take in your career.
4.0 : This prof is very good with math and has a few cool stories to tell about his time working in the industry. A lot of self teaching might be required to supplement his lectures. Be prepared for a very exam heavy course.
3.0 : 100% lecture, 0% discussion and group work. If you don't pay attention in lecture you're not gonna have a good time.
5.0 : If you are stuck with the problems, professor Arian is always willing to help you during his office hours. I succeeded in this course thanks to his help!
4.0 : A good guy and pretty decent at explaining concepts, especially if you ask every time you're confused. He's very good at going back and explaining exactly why he's taken the steps he has. The homework is a MUST to understand the concepts, and even then the topics can feel difficult and rushed. Tests are much harder than homework.
5.0 : I have never come across a math instructor who is as passionate as Dr. Arian about the subject matter. This is a lecture-heavy course, but he really takes the time to clarify every detail. If it gets confusing, he is always available for office hours to help out. He solves complex algebra problems in his head, so know your algebra well.
4.0 : He's a very good teacher and definitely knows his calculus. However, sometimes he does skip steps without much clarification but all you have to do is ask how he got to point B from point A and he will make sure you understand it. He does often help students after class and does care for his students. Very good teacher.
3.0 : Though Professor Arian is good at his job, I don't see him improving. His class is too lecture heavy. There is almost nothing to the class other than him showing examples. He also states that if what he teaches isn't enough, then study groups should essentially be half the experience. The homework is either irrelevant, or easier than exams/quizzes.
5.0 : Awesome math teacher, his lectures are always very clear and on-topic. All the homework is relevant to the lectures which are relevant to the tests. I didn't even need the textbook, which I think shows how well organized it was. He also genuinely cares about all the students and offers office hours and will answer all email questions. Great guy!
4.0 : I would highly recommend going to every lecture, as Dr. Arian's examples and explanations during lecture are second to none. Completing the homework is also critical to success in this class.
5.0 : Great TA
5.0 : Aayush is a great instructor and cares about his students. He personally reached out to me when I missed a few classes in a row. He also worked with me to figure out how I could get a better grade in the class.
5.0 : Aayush is a really great TA and the class itself is super fun and easy if you complete all the work. No midterms or finals.
5.0 : Aayush is very helpful and knowledgable about informatics.
5.0 : He is the best TA I have ever meet yo! Definitely gonna take his class again!
5.0 : Great TA!! Really helps you understand the class even if you don't know much about computers. Definitely need to participate but the class is fun and interesting anyways! 100% recommend.
4.0 : Aayush is a nice TA!!!
5.0 : show up, participate in class, and you'll get a 4.0
5.0 : Aayush will go out of his way to grade assignments ahead of time in order for you to get the best possible grade you can receive.
5.0 : Overall, a really good TA. Makes class a lot of fun and is always quick to grade so you can level up in class. A reasonable grader and always available to help.
5.0 : Make sure you go to class and keep up with the deadlines, and you'll be good to go.
4.0 : He is extremely helpful. An lenient grader for an easy class. Will make a great effort to make you understand things.
4.0 : Aayush is a cool dude who got the hang of being a good TA about halfway through the quarter. He wants you to ask questions, but sometimes has a hard time giving different types of explanations if you don't understand the first time. But he's a student like us, so he understands when you're struggling and gives you an easy time.
4.0 : Aayush is a very caring TA. He wants you to succeed, and he is generally interested in how to make the class easier for his students. I honestly can't quite think of any problems I've had to deal with with Aayush. If you can get him as your Info101 TA, you should definitely try and get in his section. You won't regret it.
5.0 : Really good TA, funny and understanding. Takes the time to explain things when they are unclear. Make sure you go to quiz section to get participation points. Would definitely take another INFO class with him!
5.0 : Aayush is very flexible and reasonable with the due dates. He made info 101 enjoyable as a TA. The overall course however, was a lot of work, but a 4.0 is very doable.
5.0 : Aayush will take out his own time and meet up with you so you can catch up on work. Aayush made the lessons engaging and easy to follow along. He makes sure that you are doing fine in the course. If you are falling behind, he will give you tips on how to stay on track.
4.0 : Extremely chill TA. Very nice and extremely engaging. He cares a lot about his students and is very approachable.
4.0 : This class is quite a bit of busy work and more time consuming than expected, but not hard at all. Aayush really cares about his students and makes sure you stay on track so it is not stressful at all. You really can't skip quiz section though or else you will not earn enough XP to get a 4.0. No final exam or tests.
4.0 : Aayush has a really interesting class with many fun in-class activities. He is also a good grader. Great TA.
4.0 : Great class, he was pretty linenietnt with us
4.0 : Good TA, Merciful.
4.0 : Caring teacher, and a respectable background. She's a different professor and grades pretty much on effort. She stresses artistic risk. Group projects aren't difficult. Lots of extra credit opportunities. She also does a few lectures, but lets just say that isn't her strong suit.
5.0 : She's an artist. She's different, she wants a lot of thought, sharing ideas, people to get out of their comfort zone. She's very lively. Projects have the option of groups or alone. Project require a lot of work. I learned a lot more than expected. A lot about the world. She specializes in installation and performance art.  Good experience.
5.0 : dr. kirkland would probably be my favourite professor ever! her lecture was inspiring. she's very kind and also willing to answer your questions outside class. i strongly recommend you to take her class and join her weekly discussions. she has clear grading policies and reasonable workloads. definitely will take her class again!
4.0 : For a professor that's new to teaching a 400 student lecture, Dr. Kirkland went above and beyond. Her slides are amazing and even though she streams her lectures live, most her students still go to her classes. She is super willing to answer questions and will even get back to you with answers. Exams are simple to study for and she provide guides.
5.0 : Dr. Kirkland is the sweetest professor, and the way she teaches psych makes it more interesting than it already is.  Her lecture slides are very clear and translate well to what kinds of questions are on tests.  She's one of my favorite professors and I would definitely take her again for any class!  If you study well, you will pass the tests.
4.0 : I really enjoyed having her for this class, she had interactive learning as part of it, which really helped me. She cares for her students, we always had a review for the tests, and there was an outside discussion meeting on the Ave every Thursday (I did not go because of having an already full schedule) that I heard was helpful.
5.0 : Awesome, super nice and helpful.
5.0 : I can literally not say enough good things about Professor Kirkland. She's one of the most energetic, engaging, understanding professors I've ever had. You can tell she has a true passion for psych and I genuinely enjoyed going to lecture. She is also very willing to answer any questions you have. Would take another class from her in a heartbeat!
5.0 : Dr. Kirkland is definitely one of the best professors out there. I've taken 2 of her classes and I can come to the conclusion that she is really a friendly, passionate, and engaging lecturer. She cares about her students and explains materials clearly. Participation matters! Exams were quite challenging but managable. Highly recommended :)
5.0 : I took her psychology class during my first quarter here and she gave one of the best lectures ever. All her explanations were easy to understand and she tried very hard to make the lectures as interesting as possible, such as inserting videos and asking funny quizzes related to the course. I also learned how to become a better human observer :)
5.0 : Highly recommend. Kirkland is an excellent professor. Engaging and interesting lectures. Weekly partner quizzes, 2 exams, and a final. She explains concepts and ideas really well. She cares that her students learn. Extra credit available. I would take this class again because she is a great person and an awesome professor. Going to miss this class.
5.0 : Dr. Kirkland was a great professor as I took her first course she taught at UW (Psych 101). The class is fairly easy if you go to class for the participation points on poll everywhere and study a decent amount for the three exams. You can also earn an extra 0.3 gpa boost for participating in research for the psych department. Would take again.
5.0 : Dr. Kirkland is a wonderful professor! She provides answers to all of the questions asked and does research on the ones that she doesn't know the exact answers to. She presents info in an easy to understand manner and is very helpful when it comes to understanding the course material. She brought in her dog to class once because it was relevant!
1.0 : She lets the class get distracted all the time. We end up losing precious lecture hours to clarify concepts were required to learn before lecture. She just received her yoga teaching certificate, so she also deems it necessary to spend 5-10 minutes a day doing yoga instead of teaching psychology. Shes good one-on-one, though.
4.0 : New to UW but a very good teacher. She genuinely cares about the subject and her students. She knows the material well and facilitates students forming their own ideas, especially in class discussions. The homework load (mostly reading) was bearable, and the class is easy enough if you do all the readings. Very reasonable and accommodating.
5.0 : Dr. Kirkland is fairly new to the University, but it's clear that she'll gain popularity pretty quickly. There are weekly Psych discussions that she personally attends for those who are interested in Psychology. She's very kind, and if you answer a question she will ask for your name, making the class feel more personal. Would definitely recommend!
5.0 : Hands down, my favorite professor. She is so passionate about Psych and is so driven to help her students succeed. She takes surveys every few weeks in the class asking about whether her teaching style is working and whether or not she can change anything. In other words, she cares about her students and whether or not they're retaining the info.
4.0 : Psych 101 easy class as long as you either read or listen to lectures, not too much studying needed.  No homework. Reading not too necessary
5.0 : Professor Kirkland is thorough and very well-composed. Her lectures are absolutely amazing, but be sure to complete the readings prior because it will help you in the end. Take notes and always attend your lectures. Her lectures are available live stream via Panopto Recordings.
5.0 : This is a wonderful professor! Highly recommend taking a class with her if you can. She is very accessible, caring, clear in her expectations, and leads thought provoking discussions. Really seems like she enjoys teaching, which is a good thing, because she's great at it!
4.0 : Dr. Kirkland is a pretty good professor. She's funny and makes the lectures very interesting and engaging. She uses PollEverywhere for participation, so if you go to class or watch Panopto, then you will do fine in participation points. She encourages students to come into office hours and offers easy extra credit. She's a great teacher.
4.0 : Easy A for students who simply want 4.0 and forget everything after this.
5.0 : She was an awesome lecture prof. All of her classes were recored and streamed live so you didn't have to physically be in the class all the time.
5.0 : She's reallly a nice person!
5.0 : Lectures cover chapters read in the book but Kirkland adds great explanation. Class is live on panopto and polls are participation based. 5 exams throughout the quarter are easy and you are provided study guides that outline exactly what is on the test. Memorization heavy but an easy A if you show up or watch lectures and do the hw.
5.0 : Kirkland is a great professor, and she offers lots of extra credit. She uses Panopto, so you can participate even if you can't make class. Kirkland is funny and knows what she's talking about. She'll bring in her dog sometimes, and it makes the class even better. PSYCH 101 is supposed to be hard, but she makes it easier to understand and pass.
5.0 : Professor Kirkland made me appreciate psychology a lot more and I would highly suggest taking class from her!! She makes it very easy to get a good grade considering she lets you do research for extra credit. Although some would say she has a lot of tests, I'd rather have tests every two weeks than cumulative ones that you have to study a lot for.
5.0 : She is such a wonderful professor! She is super clear during lectures and keeps it really engaging. She makes all the topics really interesting by providing real life applications and a lot of videos. Her grading system is really fair and if you pay attention in class, her tests are very manageable, even without much studying! She is my favorite!
5.0 : I love her! She is so nice and willing to work with students. This was a seminar class so reading and taking notes were a must!
5.0 : Maeda-Sensei really makes learning Japanese fun! She is very approachable, much more so than the lecturer Iwata-Sensei. She's pretty young, so she is relatable. Some of my favorite parts of her class were her funny stories about her life in Japan. She will always answer your questions if you are confused.
5.0 : ATTENTION University of Hawaii students, if you have Maeda Sensei and are wondering if this is the same teacher, yes she told us she was going there. She's a great teacher, very helpful and approachable. Answers emails even with difficult or tangential questions. Her effervescent personality is very motivating and uplifting
5.0 : Maeda sensei was the TA for this class, and because of her my Japanese had improved so much. She really cares about her students and wants them to learn. She gives everyone an equal opportunity to participate, and even if you can't get the answer right away I love that she will try to help you out. In addition she is very funny and makes class fun.
5.0 : Really laid back and helpful. Cares about his students and wants them to be successful.
5.0 : Sarah is so amazing. If you want to attend English 131, pls choose her class. She is generous and nice. She will give u feedback quickly and carefully.
5.0 : He is really clear on what needs to be done, and with explanations on what we were learning. He is very approachable and sweet, made the class even more enjoyable. The workload isn't that bad either; the tests and quizzes are straightforward, as long as you're keeping up with the class and doing the work, you'll pass easily.
5.0 : Jeff is the best! He's nice, funny, and keeps lectures interesting. If you study for tests, you'll get an A in the class.
5.0 : Professor Kim is great! Her explanations are very clear and her power points are very organized with plenty of examples. There are also lots of chances to practice speaking, reading, and listening in Korean. The tests are very reasonable. The group projects that she assigns are fun and creative as well.
5.0 : Professor Kim was actually so amazing. She cared and respected each individual. She made sure we understood what we were learning before we moved on. She encouraged us to try our best while learning the language. Going to lectures was one of the things I actually looked forward to. Practice each week's grammar points and vocabulary!
5.0 : Professor Kim is a kind teacher who likes to get her students really thinking. I thought her class was really fun and I had her for one whole year. She's hard to reach outside of class, but very receptive to feedback and she would help if you asked her. Do your hw and memorize vocab and you will be just fine !
5.0 : Helen is super caring and kind to students. She really cares that  you are doing okay in class and gives practical feedback.
5.0 : A lot of different and challenging readings in the first half of the quarter but it gets less intense in the second half. Helen is kind and grades generously.
3.0 : Asks the class questions and awkwardly waits for responses. Bit timid, but smiley, nervous. Asian, nice British accent. (Very) easy grader. Very nice. Didn't get a lot out of the class though. She has that pretentious grad student way about her, pressing answers for explanations &amp; those explanations for more answers. But not a bad choice. Average.
5.0 : Great friendly teacher! Definitely, take her for BWRIT 134!
5.0 : So nice and willing to help you if you need it!  Her grading scale is a little frustrating, only a 99-100 counts as 4.0 and 98-99 is a 3.9 etc.  She's not a harsh grader though and all of the assignments were clear and easy.  Participation does count for 25% of your grade though so you need to show up and contribute in class to do well.
5.0 : I love Katie she is the best! She makes class fun to go to
5.0 : Great Professor and my favourite class at the UW. You have to work for your grade but she will help you with anything you may need along the way. She's always at office hours and always replies to emails fast. The content is hard but pay attention in class and practice makes perfect!! The best class and teacher at UW, by far.
5.0 : Definitely cared about the success I had in class, and took the time to describe the topics discussed in various ways. Did not harp on too many small errors and seemed to always remember that we were all businesses students with little to no exposure in programming. I would take any course offered by Aravinda in a heart beat, highly recommend!
5.0 : Aravinda was always a motivating and enthusiastic instructor! Assignments were manageable and reasonable. Lectures and inclass guided examples were important to really learning the coding concepts that we'd be tested on in homework assignments and exams. She really cares that we learn so don't be afraid to ask questions whenever appropriate.
5.0 : Aravinda really cares that her students learn and will find the extra time to meet to reinforce concepts, if requested
5.0 : Great class! The professor made it clear how to program as well as how to learn how to go out on your own and learn more!  The class also helped what each code is for and  its meaning rather than just telling us the code.
5.0 : Interesting course, great teacher. If you are new to programming you will definitely learn a lot. Garimella wants her students to succeed; you don't need to be a genius to do well , but you do need to think critically and put in the work. Best advice: do NOT fall behind. Make sure you understand the what and why of concepts and you will be good.
5.0 : I LOVE KAI-MEI 3 Kai-Mei if you ever see this, I hope you know that I am considering taking an elective physics course just for you. Anyway, she actually cares about you and your well-being and how you are learning. Extremely responsive. She sleeps early though. PHYSICS COURSES ARE DIFFICULT so the grade will not be that high if you don't try.
5.0 : Kai-Mei is great! She cares about your learning, and she knows that physics is a hard subject and acknowledges that. She's very helpful one-on-one, and encourages students to seek out extra help by going to her office hours. I wish she taught other intro physics courses, because I would definitely sign up for her class. Take her class if you can!
5.0 : Simply amazing.
5.0 : Incredibly good professor. Cares a lot about her students, lectures are extremely clear and she is very approachable if you didn't understand something. When she asks a question and a student responds with a wrong answer, she does everything in her power to make it into a learning experience, which really helped ease the tension in speaking up.
5.0 : This instructor is one of the best at UWT.  You do have to attend class, but the lectures are worth it.  His courses should not be missed!
5.0 : Gary is great. He is genuine and easy to learn from. Yes, you could study from home but I recommend going to class because you will get so much more out of his course(s). His classes are worth showing up for.
3.0 : His presentations frequently included outdated memes, but if you looked past it it was fine. TONS of article readings, which are necessary for the midterms and final. The tests were difficult, but not graded super harshly. I read one chapter of the book and it didn't effect anything. Didn't even discuss it in section.
5.0 : Geoffrey is a great professor. He's extremely knowledgeable to the point where it's amazing how much of a genius he is. He is a wonderful professor who really gives you a lot of information in the lectures and you learn a lot of stuff. There is a ton of reading so don't skimp on that or else it'll be hard to catch up. 10/10 would take again
5.0 : I took this class and got a 3.9 in it. Not too bad for my first college class. I thought Prof. Wallace was very accessible- he's really great at answering questions. I thought he made the class really interesting and the topics we covered have definitely been applicable in my other Pol S classes. Skimming readings and lecture was all I had to do.
5.0 : Really good lecturer! Made the class interesting and clearly cares a lot about the material. Grade is basically only based off the midterm and final so beware of that. Section participation matters so show up. Also make sure to actually read the book so you understand the concepts but it's not necessary to read all of the random articles
5.0 : Lectures are captivating and Prof. Wallace is super helpful and just a great lecturer in general. Textbook is good for better understanding lecture content. Articles are often pretty long and difficult but necessary for tests.
5.0 : Interesting lecture content. Plays music at the start of cold morning classes. Great energy when presenting lecture and clearly lines out expectations from students. Would really recommend this class for those wanting to learn about international relations on the surface but also getting enough idea on how the world works in general
3.0 : time consuming class, you need to really be committed and have good work ethic to excel in this class. Grading is linear, so you aren't competing with your classmates. However, the exams are tough, so get ready to fail together :(
3.0 : It's a really good class. I would suggest finding a group of people to study with. And make sure you pay attention in lectures -- know what he's talking about!! There's a lot of reading so figure out the important points!!
4.0 : Pay attention to what he says in lecture since his slides dont give a lot of the information, and keep in mind participation in QS makes up 20% of your mark. Used a lot of memes and pop culture references which was interesting and weirdly very helpful. Tests arent that bad-just make sure to go into detail and emphasis the significance to the course
4.0 : He's super dedicated and he obviously really cares about his students and if they learn the material. He used a lot of current references and memes, it was funny and helpful. good class, heavy article readings and the book isn't necessary at all
4.0 : Fall 2016 entire class is a group project so pick your group wisely. Attend class, finish your work during class and you won't have any homework,can't stress this enough, few easy assignments, pick a simple body of content to analyze and you will be smooth sailing. Nice and helpful if you ask questions, he gives you midterm questions before test
5.0 : Juan Felipe was an amazing Spanish prof. He is funny, nice, an easy grader, and also easy on the eyes if you know what I mean. He is very dedicated to making sure all of his students receive a good grade and he makes class fun to go to.
4.0 : B BIO 220 is very heavy with information. Dr. Al-Noori is a great professor, she's a fast lecturer, however it's easier to take notes from the reading and then add to them during her lecture. I rarely read books for classes, but for this class it's needed! She is vague about what is on the test, but answers questions about specific class material.
5.0 : Dr. Al-Noori is the number 1 go to if you need to take any of the core biology courses. She's an absolutely amazing human being that gives you flexibility in your learning structure which is amazing because almost no teachers in UW do that. She allows you to take quizzes earlier or later if you ask her nicely.
5.0 : Professor Kim was hands down the best Korean class teacher I had. She uses the books a lot and also does class activities so it's best not to skip any classes including quiz sections with the TAs. I will never forget how much fun I had in her classes.  I also like how relateable she was with our whole class.
5.0 : She is AMAZING! Hands down the best professor I've had so far. So fun and so inspiring! Super reasonable too. Stay on your A game though, the percentage to GPA is pretty crazy though.
4.0 : Textbook and workbook set are required, but pretty cheap. Professor Kim is so energetic and peppy that it makes it hard to hate class! She also utilizes a lot of Korean pop culture examples in her class and lecture. She usually teaches at least one quiz section per quarter, and having her both as a lecturer and as a quiz section leader was great.
5.0 : One of the best people you'll ever meet! He was absolutely amazing. Patient, smart, and friendly, he would answer literally any question you'd have and write the most detailed emails to respond to them.   If you have a chance to have section led by him for CSE 142/143/something else, definitely go for it.
5.0 : Brukab was a really cool teacher. He is chill so the class is. It is an easy 4.0 class. Midterm and Final are pretty much discussed in class and most of the class material is common sense and general knowledge. You will still learn lots of interesting things. Lots of extra credits! Attendance is not really required but it is part of your grade.
5.0 : HANDS DOWN the best professor at UW. The most inspirational, knowledgable, and chill dude. You'll learn so much and it doesn't even feel like learning. He offers a generous amount of ex credit, he wants his students to succeed. Course material was highly beneficial and time spent in class was used effectively, would definitely take him again!
5.0 : Brukab was easily the coolest professor I ever had. He has dope lectures and gives you sooooo many opportunities for extra credit. His final and midterms aren't tricky, so you're bound to do well. He also offers lots of support and is very willing to help.
5.0 : One of the best prof. on campus! He is young so he relates with college students. The class is very interesting and prof. Sisay offers lots of extra credit. Midterm and final are in similar format, both have essay writings and ID-ing terms. There is a potluck at the end of class. Overall, take his class and you won't regret it.
5.0 : Seriously such a good class and I would take it again if I could! It's an easy class! Professor sisay cares more about you learning the material rather than just memorizing to get an A. Tests were mostly ID terms and a few essay questions. Pretty doable if you went to class and did some of the readings. It's pretty hard to fail this class, honestly
4.0 : Good class and interesting material. Pretty easy 4.0. Lots of extra credit opps, one midterm and final that consist of essay questions and defining terms talked about in class. Weekly in-class activities that count towards attendance grade. He doesn't tell you which day they'll be on though so you basically have to go to all the lectures.
5.0 : The midterm/final is ID-ing terms that are talked about in class, so if you show up and take basic notes the class should be easy. The professor is funny and approachable and does a lot to make the content relevant and enjoyable.
3.0 : I think this was his first time teaching the class, which may have contributed to the complete disaster that it was. The lectures were extremely boring and moved too fast to take good notes. The assignments were hard and they were graded even harder. Wouldn't recommend taking this class with him anytime soon.
3.0 : Professor Feintzeig is a new professor and we were very much his guinee pig class. As a result, we had work that was not always clear and A LOT of students were upset. Lectures were interesting but you had no idea what was relevant to the course. Still a good course, but expect a good bit of work. Also expect it to improve by next year's course.
5.0 : Great philosophy teacher.  His class is very reading and lecture heavy, but it is clear that he honestly cares about the material and his students' comprehension.  The class was tough, and was graded heavily on only 3 papers, but the grading was fair and he is happy to work with you to help you succeed.  No tests.
4.0 : If you haven't written a philosophy paper before get ready to put in a lot of work. Lot of reading and Is a morning person.
5.0 : Great professor; great at explaining complicated topics in a way that inspires you to want to read more in your free time. Reading responses are graded very generously, but the lectures are so interesting that he makes you want to read closely anyway. I learned a lot about philosophy of science in this course and was pushed to think for myself.
5.0 : Morrison is a wonderful conductor to have. He's really chill and has a great sense of humor. He makes symphonic band something I look forward to. He's always trying to help us improve as an ensemble. I would definitely take any class from him.
5.0 : Professor Bezruchka makes his class very interesting. My perception on public health has changed and learned a lot from this class that I can apply to my life outside of school. He actually cares more about you learning than the assignments you do. In quiz sections you deliberate a lot about the topics. Would recommend for diversity credit.
4.0 : Dr. Bezruchka's classes are very hands-on, but you won't be doing busy work. HSERV 476 did have some readings, but you could get a good grade without doing most of them. Your grade is based on a few moderately-sized, but fun assignments. No participation points but still worth going to clarify assignments and get help. Lots of time to work in class
5.0 : She's an incredibly inspirational person!!
5.0 : Safi was one of the sweetest instructors I have ever met. She poured so much effort into each of her lectures &amp; worked very hard to give everyone quality feedback on their papers. When I received critique on my work, I knew it was just to make me a better writer. We analyzed humor which was a nice take on the course &amp; made it fun to come to class.
5.0 : I took Honors 240 B (American Sabor: Latinos in U.S. Popular Music) with Marisol and it was the best class I have taken so far. She is by far the most enthusiastic, caring, amazing professor I've had. She doesn't want students to be stressed about their grades so she grades leniently as long as you show up and occasionally participate. Great woman.
5.0 : She's great. Her lectures are easy to follow, and she's a much better lecturer than the guest lecturers she has come in sometimes. The class is fairly easy, there's two midterms and a final that are all online. There are tons of extra credit opportunities available, and you should use them all. I think the group project is graded pretty easily too.
5.0 : Tania was an amazing professor! She really cared about the topics she lectured about. Lectures are all posted online. There were two exams, both were online. The group project was fairly easy as well, as long as you had a communicative group. LOTS of extra credit opportunities!
5.0 : Tania explains everything so well, and even though topics were incredibly depressing sometimes (like with forest fires and climate change) Tania stayed positive and optimistic. Tania also replies to emails very fast, and she is always clear about expectations. Her assignments are pretty interesting and there are tons of extra credit opportunities.
5.0 : Even though she's a fairly new professor, she's amazing! Offers sooo many extra credits! Grade is based on 2 online 50 question exams, not too bad, group poster &amp; group paper (1o pages). Pray you get a good group, group paper is on a specific environmental issue currently going on. Super easy, and during finals ONE person ONLY presents, very doable
3.0 : Overall, I enjoyed the class. Very good lectures, Tania was great! However, I got my lowest GPA in this class than I EVER have before (as a pre-med student, I've been getting 4.0's in the sciences - which isn't exactly easy). You are graded on very few things, and Tania and the TAs are very harsh graders on the papers/posters we do over the quarter
5.0 : Exceptional. This professor is in touch with reality outside the realm of academia. She is willing to work with you to accommodate circumstances that would normally hinder your ability to pass the class. If you show up, do your work, and exhibit dedication to  learning she will meet you more than half way.
3.0 : Not very good at explaining and her lectures don't make sense because english is her second language. If you want a good grade in this class, you have to study on your own and teach yourself the concepts which are not that hard themselves. She provides a lot of help outside of lecture but she doesn't always understand questions you ask her.
5.0 : Dr. Adeyemi is probably one of the smartest prods I've dad the pleasure of having. She tries her best to help you understand something that doesn't make sense, but also relies on the class a lot for their opinions, as this was a seminar/discussion style class. She keeps it real and is passionate about what she's teaching. I would definitely rec!
5.0 : I will always recommend to take Adeyemi if you really want to learn concepts and think. She is a tougher prof than other GWSS profs but you will learn so much! She is a reasonable grader but expects you to put in work.
5.0 : the best.
5.0 : This was my TA. If you have her as a TA, make sure to ask to be in her section !
5.0 : I had Shelby as my TA last quarter and she was the best TA I've ever had. You could tell that she was invested in every student and the amount of care she showed was outstanding. Shelby... you rock.
5.0 : Shelby is probably one of the most attractive TAs you'll find. However, she's also extremely talented in her guest lectures and in section. Her explanations make sense and she has a genuine desire to help every student succeed. I wish there would be more TAs like Shelby.
4.0 : He is a good teacher, but most of his lecture is made up of examples. The book is not necessary if you attend all the lectures. If English is not your first language, it might be hard to understand him since he speaks with a heavy Russian accent.
3.0 : Good teacher, definitely covers tons of examples. Tests are about 80% of your grade. Definitely recommend going to the lectures because thats the only way understand topics  Also notation is EXTREMELY important on your tests.   He speaks with a Russian accent but you're able to clearly understand him. And hearing math taught like that is nice :)
5.0 : Funny and clear lectures. Class notes are posted. No need to read textbook, he'll cover all concepts and go through enough examples.  No quizzes. No clicker question in class. Midterms and final are the same type as the practice exams, so do them before exams. Tests are not hard as long as you take notes and do practice exams. I get 4.0.
5.0 : She really loves hands-on activities, group work, and overall participation. She asks a lot of questions to make the class interactive and loves to get feedback about what she's teaching. In her words, it's more of a seminar than a lecture. She's lenient with grading &amp; late work. She doesn't assign much work, and when she does it's easy. Real nice.
5.0 : The class was really fun and Heather was a pretty good teacher. The final was really really hard though, but I still ended up with a decent grade. Not much homework at all, I got the textbooks and read them just because they were interesting and I think it helps to do so. It was overall a fun and great class.
5.0 : Heather is the most enthusiastic teacher I have ever had. She really loves what she teaches and makes it engaging.  This class was LING203 and ANTH203. The only homework was one paper and it was relatively easy. This class was definitely geared toward freshman though. Overall she was a joy to have as a professor and I would love to take her again.
4.0 : Great professor. He has an accent but it's easy to understand. Lectures are great and  fun. Defiantly would recommend.
4.0 : He is a good teacher. He explains the topics properly which are important for you to know.
5.0 : Just a really nice guy in general. Lectures can feel really long sometimes but his power points are well organized so if you miss something you can always look at his slides later. Sometimes the directions to the assignments can be a little bit confusing but if you ask him to clarify he will and is open to moving/changing due dates.
5.0 : Not the best lecturer, but overall he's really nice and easy to work with. The group project/assignment guidelines can be hard to understand, but don't hesitate to talk to him and ask for clarification. If you're having any issues with the class, just talk to him - he's very responsive and will work with you. Pretty funny too.
5.0 : He is probably the best CS teacher at UWB. He discusses almost everything in class and also has group work towards the end which is graded on effort. He cares about everyone's grades and gives out extra credit!! He curves the tests sometimes. If you are taking CS161 or CS162 to get into the Comp sci major, you should definitely take Mr. Retik.
5.0 : All of the assignments in this class were with group projects, so if you get a good group it's fine. Assignment guidelines are unclear and confusing a lot of the time, but are graded leniently. Prof. Retik is very nice and cares about his students. He tells lots of stories about his time working at Microsoft and what it's like in the CS industry.
5.0 : Dr. Arieh (Arkady) Retik is a GREAT professor. He is by far the best CSS professor at UW Bothell. He cares about your grades and knowledge. Be ready to read a lot. Most of the assignments are group assignments so make sure to be ready to be in a group of 3 other hard workers. This is really important. He grades very fairly and is nice to students.
5.0 : Arkady is a very nice guy who wants you to learn without you having to stress about your grades 24/7. He lets you use a cheat sheet on all quizzes and exams, so you won't have to memorize a bunch of text. 45% of the grade is based on a group work, so choose people carefully. His TA does most of the grading and it's mostly based on effort.
5.0 : She is very passionate about what she teaches. Knowledgeable and approachable. She is very invested in her students and assignments are easy. Not too much reading, but be prepared for discussions. Writing notebook is straightforward, two formal papers. Go to office hours! She is the "help me, help you" kind of person. loved her.
4.0 : Negatives: Talks political opinions a lot, can be unclear on assignment requirements. Positives: Very enthusiastic, well-informed lecturer. Tends to grade easy if you make sure of what she wants beforehand. She makes herself available for office hours, and you should go and discuss projects BEFORE submitting them.
5.0 : He was amazing. We watched movies and videos, and the content was really engaging. Loved it all
5.0 : Professor Sisay is very enthusiastic about the class and even acknowledges that it is an easy A as long as you show up to class. You can truly see that he cares for all of his students and respects student opinions and critics. I highly recommend this class for anyone looking for an extra class or a diversity credit!
4.0 : He's a solid teacher. Lectures can be boring but that's the nature of the subject.
5.0 : He makes me actually enjoy English class!! Extremely funny and passionate guy who wants nothing more than his students to succeed. Lots of writing, but nothing out of the ordinary for a class like this. If you have the chance, take his class!
5.0 : Garrett is a really funny guy once you get to know him. He's lax when it comes to deadlines too which saved my ass more than once. Great at teaching the material, overall would take again 100%
5.0 : She simply is the best! Everything about her class is very organized! On top of that, she works hard on grading assignments and exams on her own. She is NOT a mean grader either so you don't have to be afraid of losing points from stupid little mistakes. Her exams are very clear. I truly learned the material instead of memorizing it for only exams
5.0 : Amazing teacher! It was her first quarter teaching at UWB and her syllabus was intimidating at first (she even states that everything is fair game in the book,labs, and lectures on her exam but she made it easy on us). I really liked how enthusiastic she was about her teaching, knowledgeable and was very nice and available to help her students.
4.0 : Lots of material to be covered, her lectures aren't the clearest. Everything is fair game, no lab practical though! Weekly quizzes and 3 exams.
5.0 : I wasn't sure what to expect of English 131, but it was a really great class. Meagan provides really good advice on how to improve your papers, and if you follow through with her tips, then you will get a good grade. The topics for her papers are fairly broad, but she's very accessible if you ask for help. She knows it's an intro class as well.
5.0 : Overall I had fun in this class. It seemed like the amount of papers was a little pointless but Meagan tried to make the topics interesting and relevant. And she's super nice so if you have a problem turning something in you can talk to her about it.
5.0 : This class pushed me away from superficial thinking into more in depth analysis. Many of the conversations we had centered on relevant topics in society in this time frame and it gave me a new perspective.
5.0 : Attending class is super important, he does upload slides but no graphs or tables are filled out. GO TO CLASS. Super nice guy, great communicator (email), funny lectures if not a little long. Extremely understanding about student challenges. Very important to do well on the tests, they're worth 55% of your grade!
4.0 : Hailey is passionate about you as a student learning. She wants to prepare you for each test and is on your team.  Don't worry about asking questions - if you don't understand something, ask for clarification. What she goes over in class  will be on the test - so go to class.
5.0 : She makes it very important for you to attend class on time or early. Participation is 15% of the grade. The work load is particularly easy for a 5-credit class. She grades leniently. If you do a good job on your grammar but have some spelling mistakes you'll still get an A. Excellent attitude, she really appears to enjoy teaching the class.
5.0 : He is an elusive Professor. However, whenever he shows up, take him! He is excellent for HCDE/ENGR 231. His grading is relaxed. Very friendly and cares about student. His assignments are very clear and simple. A model Professor!
5.0 : Jean is so sweet! There is a bit of reading that goes with the class I took, but you could get away with not reading. You just won't get as much out of the class. Participation was part of the grade, so it wouldn't be good to skip a ton of classes, but she was enjoyable to be around and easy to learn from.
5.0 : I really enjoyed learning from this professor.  She was kind, caring and very informative.  Her many years in the field of education and being a parent herself really made her an expert in this class.  If I see her name again as a professor, I will gladly take another class from her.
5.0 : She is a deeply passionate and caring professor. She inspired me personally. I would take another class from her in  a heartbeat!
5.0 : She amazes me every class. I hope I can be half the teacher she is. She constantly puts the students first and practices what she teaches. Her enthusiasm is infectious!
5.0 : Matt taught sound design for theater. The class is mostly group projects so be prepared to work outside of class time every week. It's a great class to express creativity and Matt is super knowledgeable and funny. There's also a lot of freedom to come up with your own ideas and execute them. Class is also difficult if you don't have a Mac.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Quizzes are easy and straight forward as long as you read the plays. Great sense of humor, enthusiastic at what he's teaching. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Sherill is a fairly new professor only her second class teaching. She is very nice and grades fast so it is always updated. Always listens to others. Be prepared to read the textbook. The exams are all multiple choice but you will fail them if you don't read.
5.0 : She's good.
5.0 : she took the tims off
5.0 : Cherie is one of the best TAs I've had at UW! She is passionate about teaching and really wants her students to learn. This class is really difficult but Cherie was great in making sure we understood the concepts. Super sweet and engaging (:
5.0 : My friend and I took this class together and were baked for almost every lecture and they were hilarious and very interesting and his assignments were also fun to do and he grades easily cuz theres like not even grades in Denmark. Best class and professor
5.0 : Amazing professor, very kind and hilarious and passionate. A pretty easy class too, would recommend
5.0 : Kristian is hilarious, this class is awesome, and Denmark is great. Taking this class is a good idea, just sign up and don't look back. Kristian one of the best teachers I've ever had at UW.
5.0 : Kristian is an awesome teacher! This class is such a nice break from other boring classes, you really do learn a lot about Denmark! Kristian always tries to make lecture interesting (even though it's pretty long) and is super friendly. Take this class if you can!
3.0 : Extremely tough professor, be ready to get called on. As long as you come prepared and put in the work, you'll be set.
5.0 : Took this professor to improve my writing and I definitely feel that I did. It was a lot of effort and work, but she was willing to meet with me outside of class and provided conferences that allowed me to understand assignments more clearly. I really enjoyed her lectures and insights and found the class very engaging.
5.0 : Annie is a great professor that likes to engage her students in the class. Makes you think twice about what you are reading. Likes to here what your interpretation is. Fun class, several writings and a lot more reading then most classes, but workshops help to develop the writers.
4.0 : Tejas isn't the perfect TA, but he will really help you out if you ask questions in class. His explanations are usually very thorough which means they aren't always easy to understand, but he will give you the right answer. Go to office hours, he helps out a ton with homework and can answer your questions more in-depth then.
5.0 : Mark is a nice guy and is effective at teaching the subject matter. We had a small class so he was easy to approach. On the first assignment of the quarter, he gave everyone a low grade to teach us a lesson (the assignment was re-graded after he explained his reasoning). Everyone in the class freaked out, I thought it was pretty amusing.
5.0 : I am taking professor Sam now. Brilliant and a True Gentleman! An Amazing and caring professor who is so knowledgeable in his field. He teaches you how to be a confident person to grab the best opportunities when it comes to your career.  I could listen to him for hours and not get bored and I feel like I am learning for the first time in my life.
5.0 : Prof. Chughtai is a real inspiration. One of the best professors with great amount of knowledge seeking to help his students succeed in the real business world.
5.0 : Sam Chughtai is an amazing professor. He takes the time to understand the needs of his students to make sure that the class time is used wisely. Professor Chughtai is very professional and passionate about what he is teaching. He makes class very interesting and relatable to the real world. I highly recommend experiencing this life changing course.
5.0 : Sam brings a lot of insider knowledge that usual courses  do not teach. He makes sure that his student succeed. This is one of the few classes that I don't have to push my self to attend or participate.
5.0 : Sam is amazing. The classes are like no other that I've taken, and I wish they were all this way. Everything is interactive and focused on one thing: getting a job in consulting after school. The classes fly by as we role-play one activity after another. The presentations are difficult but rewarding. You learn from every one and everyone. Amazing!
5.0 : Sam is unique.  He is a wonderful teacher who is devoted to your personal development.  Everything that he does is full of passion and with your best interests in mind.  Be prepared to stretch beyond your comfort zones.  Your development as a business professional begins there.   Absolutely the best professor and class that I've ever had.
5.0 : Professor Chughtai is very knowledgeable and passionate about what he teaches. He takes the time to communicate with students and gives real and necessary feedback.  He cares for his students and truly wants them to succeed and grow as individuals. He is by far the best professor I've had at UW. Any class with him is worth taking.
5.0 : Mr. Chughtai is involved in master program, and that is how I met with him.  "If you need help, better call Sam."  I believe this is the best way to describe his personality.  He is a very sharp individual as you may find his portfolio in website, but not only that he is a very generous and caring person.  Highly recommend to take his class.
5.0 : If you are thinking about taking Sam's class, stop and just do it. He is an amazing teacher and person. He will change the chemical make up of your brain and get you ready for success. His devotion to his students goes past the classroom and into their personal lives. Making sure you make it the right way is his #1 goal. Thank you Sam!
5.0 : Great teacher with awesome real-world examples and scenarios. A must take when the class is offered.
1.0 : Spare yourself! one of the worst that I've ever seen! Never again!
5.0 : Sam is amazing! A true mentor. Follows you after class and teaches you great life lessons.
5.0 : Maureen was an awesome Stats professor! I'm not good at math, but taking Stats with her made me feel confident in my math. She is definitely one of the better math professors at this campus!
5.0 : Maureen is a great professor! Learn a lot from Statistics class. Highly recommend her.
4.0 : He's a really nice guy, but he doesn't speak very loud. Sit near the front. I like that he uses the board instead of powerpoints. The test is straightforward, and he gives you a lot of freedom on the big project. I just wish he kept track of our grades online. There's no way of knowing how you're doing in class until grade reports come out
4.0 : Class was pretty easy. Concept was easy to understand. Quizzes are decently easy but her exams are much more difficult.
3.0 : An ok Professor.
4.0 : New professor, I think he's invested and actually cares how you do.
5.0 : HE IS AMAZING! He is not only super adorable but he can be dorky funny! There is a group paper but its super chill. Must post 6 times a quarter (answering a question from the chapter(s) of the book that week. If you post more, extra points. Random class activities so it helps to come to class. I would take him again. Really quick to responses!
5.0 : I'm not usually a fan of English classes, but Phil made this one entertaining and relatable to my major. The reading was a little steep, but he would always do a decent job of explaining things and he filled his lectures with random facts that kept my attention.
5.0 : Very chill and a cool professor. Depending on which class you take with him, he may throw lots of info at you but is always willing to answer questions. I felt super comfortable in his class, and still challenged to do well since the grade is mostly weighted by a final portfolio. Some readings were heavy, but I enjoyed his class very much.
3.0 : He is a very nice professor and gives pretty good feedback for your work, but I get confused a lot in this class. During class he will talk about stuff that does not seem relevant to the class. Some of the readings were very long and dense. I also wrote more essays than I expected to in a multimodal class.
5.0 : English 182, multimodal composition was very fun because we were always given the option to do something other than a traditional academic essay. He tells you off the bat he's an easy grader. He picks media that interests students such as Stranger Things and John Oliver.
5.0 : Caroline is extremely helpful and genuinely cares about her student's learning. She responds quickly to feedback in order to best fit her students' needs.
4.0 : Loved this class. She has pretty liberal views, but I felt that her lectures really backed up all of her opinions. It was a great class about the politics of race, food, location etc. One of the best classes I have taken at UW. Not too hard either, if you're confused about an assignment just go talk to her about it.
5.0 : He is really fun to work with, and very open to helping you solve any problems you might be having. His lectures were always entertaining, and never dragged on too much.   One downside is that he is happily married. So, sorry laddies (and dudes I guess). 5/5
5.0 : He is one of the best professor I have ever had. He is that kind of professor who asks you questions but lead you to the right question step by step instead of telling you the whole thing and assume you know nothing. Also, his assignments are fun to work with. And he gave a lot of (A LOT OF!) extra credit. I am glad that I take this course with him
5.0 : Amazing class and teacher, I highly recommend. He is very handsome, which can be a little distracting but he is also very interesting and the all of the course content was relevant and easy to understand. You are graded mostly on participation, (in class activities and poll everywhere) and then three really cool and fun assignments! No exams!!
5.0 : Awesome teacher who cares about students' understanding of his material. He provides great examples which makes the class fun and interesting to learn. His assignments are very clear and he is very helpful with giving feedback. He wants his students to succeed in his class.
4.0 : Brian's Mobile App Design course is perfect for those competent in self learning. He doesn't teach but rather guides you. He stresses on the process of iterating and rapid prototyping so as to ensure you complete the class with a fantastic portfolio piece. Prepare for group project hiccups and loads of work as the final deliverable is very long.
5.0 : She is an amazing teacher and probably my favorite teacher ever! She is very inspirational and enthusiastic, almost like the teacher from Dead Poets Society. She gives us a lot of opportunities to work creatively. Unfortunately, she couldn't stay for the entire quarter due to maturity leave. Anyways,  is a teacher I would definitely recommend.
5.0 : Ning (goes by Isis) clearly has fun teaching, and it is reflected in the fun atmosphere of her lectures. She brings good energy to class, and sometimes snacks too. The lectures in this class (when I took it at least), were optional, but they were definitely worth going to.
5.0 : Ning is really enthusiastic about teaching introductory programming. She presents concepts very clearly and offers ingenious strategies to solve questions. She encourages her students to try their best and makes sure that all of her students are able to handle the material. She explains how the course material is used in real-world applications.
5.0 : Ning Hong does really well on teaching her section for CSE143. Her class is active and full of fun, with high efficiency. She is professional on answering our questionse. Outside class room she also replys emails really fast, caring all her students a lot. If you are going to take CSE class, select her section !!!
5.0 : Ning Hong is hands down the best TA I've ever had. She's always full of energy during quiz section and is able to break down pretty dense topics in a way that makes the course content clearer. Also incredibly approachable and responds to emails super quick. (AND she brings goodies... incentive to do well because she cares about how well you do!)
5.0 : Ning Hong is the best TA ever. She always answers her emails within an hour, even on weekends. I once emailed her at 11:30pm and she responded at midnight. She is very dedicated and is very clear with her explanations. She always makes sure the class knows what's going on and doesn't just tell the answer, but allows her students to figure it out.
5.0 : Ning was one of the best TA's I've ever had. She was always enthusiastic in class and was super accessible outside of class. I once e-mailed her a couple questions before the midterm, and she responded in like an hour with videos of her working out the problems on a white board just for me.
5.0 : Ning is good at teaching the knowledge and she always used metaphors to make a clear point. She care about whether everyone understands the problem. After class, she responds my email really fast. Before the final, I asked her several questions and she always respond in only several minutes!!! She also brought food and candies for us :)
5.0 : Ning was excellent as a TA. She gave amazing help and advice on how to pass the exams as well as giving us pro tips on how to enter the CompSci major and for future job interviews. She deeply cares about her students and is easily accessible at all times, just shoot her an email and she's likely to respond within the next few hours.
5.0 : I really appreciate how much effort Ning put into making the quiz sections helpful and fun. Super grateful that she replied to emails very quickly too. CSE 143 has been the hardest class I've taken to date, so it was great having an AWESOME TA.
5.0 : Isis makes herself really available to her students by lightning fast responses through e-mail. Her story of how she got into studying CS at UW is also really inspirational and motivated me to follow in her footsteps even if the path was rocky. She's also very knowledgeable about the class, don't be afraid to ask her questions!
2.0 : Definitely avoid. Lectures were incredibly boring, and I was never sure whether she knew what she was talking about. It was an easy class, but I don't feel like I learned much at all.
5.0 : Great professor, good at answering questions and explaining concepts. If you pay attention in class and do the homework the class is fairly easy; just a standard statistics class with mostly  engineering-oriented word problems. Prof is flexible about homework deadlines and eager to provide help when needed, and lectures are somewhat entertaining.
5.0 : Not the most challenging IND E class but very interesting with this professor. She is the most caring and effective teacher at UW I have encountered. Very respectful and tries her best to avoid dry lectures even when the material seems miserable. Overall, I would absolutely take a class with her again, by far my best prof. at UW.
5.0 : I don't believe anyone could beat Penelope as a studio professor. She was always excited to help and gave amazing advice and feedback. She can be a harsh grader, but if you put in the work she absolutely notices.
5.0 : Will is the coolest guy ever! His classes are very interactive. Prompts are very open and easy. Take this guy
5.0 : Will is a 10/10, standup guy. Love him.
5.0 : Without Kristen as the T.A. for this class, I would not have passed. I went to every single one of her office hours and she was super helpful. She was a pretty easy grader when it came to the homework, and quiz section helped a lot with the homework and with studying for the quizzes.
5.0 : My favorite teacher I've had. If you explain absences to him you won't be punished for less-than-ideal participation. The readings were relevant &amp; galvanizing. Cameron has a fierce intellect but doesn't let it inflate his ego. He's approachable in person &amp; easy to reach by email. Best (and maybe rarest) of all: he is a patient, heartfelt listener.
4.0 : 4 short assignments (and 2 of them help prepare for Major Paper 2) and 2 major papers. Reasonable work loads. You have to read Context for Inquiry a few times, but readings are not much. Have to treat portfolio writing really seriously. To get 4.0, you may have to write a lot for the portfolio, so better start it earlier.
5.0 : He was my TA and he was awesome. He taught one lecture during the quarter as well and he was even better than the professor! Great lecturer and super funny. Would take Tylir for anything.
5.0 : I really can't say enough good things about Dr. Smith. He is an incredible professor- good at explaining difficult concepts, holds office hours every day, tells you exactly what you need to know for exams and holds extra review sessions before tests. Exams are difficult but fair, and if you attend office hours you will likely do well in the course.
5.0 : Exams averages were pretty low (around 60%) but the class is curved to a 2.9 so it's not horrible. Dr. Smith was a great prof and really cares about his students. Definitely recommend going to office hours, even when you don't have questions because he'll go over concepts that always showed up on exams.
4.0 : Although lectures were boring at times, Dr. Smith is a great lecturer. He cares if his students learn, and had office hours everyday. Exams were difficult but very fair and manageable, if you keep up with the material and study. I don't enjoy physics, but David made it bearable and actually interesting at times. I would recommend 115 with him.
5.0 : The best physics professor UW has. He has the patience of a saint and truly wants everybody to understand the subject. He holds review sessions before exams and is always available when needed. Midterms are a bit tricky but fair. You won't regret taking his class!  Also: love the way he pronounces "three".
5.0 : Had him his first quarter teaching at UW and easily one of the better professors I've had.
5.0 : Best teacher hands down. You could probably hit him up for a beer afterwards as well.
5.0 : Best professor I have had so far. He really cares about his students and carefully walks through all examples in class. It seems like he genuinely wants ALL of his students to succeed, and he's very accessible!
5.0 : Only prof I would recommend to take with the introductory series (115 &amp; 116). He really cares about students' understanding and would rather take the time to go over hard topics slowly than crunching and rushing through a lot of material. It's only fair that you work hard for the class, exams are expected to be difficult but fair. Accent is a plus
4.0 : Kind and funny teacher. However, the content is pretty hard after the initial introductory chapter. He goes over lots of practice problems but does it quickly!! You have to read the book before he even lectures on it to understand what is happening. So you are basically learning outside of class.
5.0 : Physics can be a challenging subject, but he explains the material pretty well. He comes across like a really nice guy, seems like he genuinely cares about helping his students understand the material. Keeping on top of the homework and doing the practice problems helps.
5.0 : Professor Smith is awesome! I took Calc BC in high school. This course is basically a recap of that class. He's incredibly patient and thorough while explaining, and really knows his stuff. He's extremely engaging and relatable, and not scary at all. Easily my best STEM prof at UW! Highly recommend to new students.
5.0 : Thirty minutes, not dirty minutes. Other than that he is awesome!
4.0 : Overall Good Professor.
5.0 : I only took this class because I needed a writing credit, but I ended up really liking it. The pace of the class was manageable, and the readings were interesting. Slaven Svetinovic led the class discussions by asking questions, and basically cleared up any confusion brought on by the text. I cant imagine the class being taught any better.
5.0 : Great teacher.
5.0 : Professor Romero is definitely one of my favorite professors at UW. You can tell he's passionate about what he teaches and makes learning new material very easy and fun. There are weekly quizzes, but he always tells you what will be on the quiz (so attending class has its advantages) and every quiz has a lot of extra credit opportunities.
3.0 : Must show up and he takes attendance based off turned in work.
5.0 : Interesting topic for an interdisciplinary inquiry class. Subject matter relevant in our every day lives. Reading material requires critical thinking and writing assignments to demonstrate understanding.
5.0 : He is a wicked smart person and opened my mind with topics I would not have explored on my own. I have learned so much from him and will be sure to take another course taught by him in the future. He is passionate and works hard. I don't know if attendance was mandatory but you definitely want to go to class because its really interesting.
4.0 : We read a lot of books about German and LGBT History. (The class was centered around LGBT history). Marhoefer  genuinely loved her students, we were a class of 10 to 15. I went to her office hours almost weekly because the essays were very stressful for me. If you're looking for a challenge but want to learn about LGBT history, I'd say to take it!
4.0 : So much reading for History of Nazi Germany. It gets pretty expensive. You'll need to participate in a large setting. The prof herself seems very strict and intense but she's very nice and simply wants the subject to be taken seriously. If you are a history buff, take this class! If you hate reading, don't!
5.0 : This class was fantastic. She is a fantastic lecturer. She is funny and intelligent. Her narrative is easy to follow and while the reading is vast it is easily digestible. Frequently makes "Husky" metaphors in reference to students.
5.0 : This was the second class I've taken with this professor, and she's just the best. Lectures and discussions always engaging. A lot of reading, but it's interesting and actually helpful, and it gets discussed in class afterward, so you can skim. The way this prof teaches is GREAT for building critical thinking skills. Also, love her sense of humor.
5.0 : Professor Marhoefer is honestly one of my favorite people. The class was very engaging and informative; and her sense of humor always kept it interesting. If you skim the readings, you should be fine.
5.0 : Loved her class. There was a lot of reading, but it felt worth it-- it really enhanced and added depth to what we learned in lecture. She has a really endearing sense of humor, which was huge in keeping the class from feeling too heavy. Really clear essay prompts and amazing feedback. I absolutely recommend her!
5.0 : At the beginning of the quarter she comes off harsh in the requirements, but she's an amazing professor. Very knowledgable and caring about the subject. Great lectures. Funny sense of humor. Always explained everything in great detail. Three papers and a final exam. The final was easier than I thought it would be. It was a great class.
5.0 : Professor Marhoefer is an excellent professor that really cares about the material she is teaching. She approaches the very heavy topics of her class really well and I really loved being in the class. There's a ton of reading homework out of many different texts, but as long as you do it both the papers and the midterm/final are a breeze. Awesome.
5.0 : Amazing class, recommend it to EVERYONE. Every lecture was so well done and full of information. Prof Marhoefer knows what she is talking about and approaches this topic which can be difficult really well. Theres a fair amount of outside reading but they are worth it for essays and exams and she ties everything back in during lecture. TAKE THIS!!
5.0 : GREAT class. Professor Marhoefer is AWESOME and really cares about her students learning. She is also very funny and her lectures are never boring, even when they're very depressing. Don't be intimidated by the amount of reading, it's all very interesting and useful. If you have even the slightest interest in history, take this class.
5.0 : She knows what she's talking about, and the lectures/reading are very insightful. Beware, though, of class difficulty. I worked my butt off for this class. Lots of reading (120 pages per lecture) that you need to read in depth in order to be able to regurgitate meaningful info in the argumentative paper/short answers on the exams.
5.0 : An easy C but a hard A. Excellent speaker with good classroom management and VERY, VERY smart. The class does have a lot of reading, all of which you do have to do.
4.0 : Great professor who really knows her material and is pretty funny, which lightens the course content. You don't need to memorize names/dates, but need to know and analyze causes/effects, motivations, etc. of the readings. Lots of reading but it's not too bad. Grading wasn't too bad and pretty fair. Course was 2 essays, 2 tests (non-cumulative).
5.0 : Took her for HSTEU and got a 3.8. She is a phenomenal professor and learning the material in this course was well worth my time. There was a lot of reading, but most of it was beneficial. It's a tough class to get a good grade in, but I can't understate how great of a professor Marhoefer is.
4.0 : Lots of small homework assignments. Hard to keep track of them. Labs and tutorials are easy. Online homework was poorly graded compared to others (webassign and aleks). Reading the textbook helps. If you can do the tutorials, labs, and a decent amount of the homework, you will do well on the tests.
4.0 : Tommy is kinda clumsy since last quarter was his first time teaching, but I can see that he tries 110% to be a good teacher and also he pushes his students a lot to do extra credit, participate, etc. Overall a pretty easy grader for a math prof, and very lenient on hw and exam scores.
5.0 : Offers a lot of extra credit and is easy to understand.
5.0 : Funny, engaging TA who really cares about the students and material. Brow game on point.
5.0 : Dr. Ahuvia is an amazing professor. She cares more about the fact that her students are actually learning than grades. There are no exams, only projects that help students summarize the topics discussed in class. She is so experienced and knowledgeable on the topics. Loved this class and highly recommend for anyone who is interested in religion.
5.0 : I was a little concerned because we had to buy a 600+ page course pack, but Professor Ahuvia is the best. It really wasn't about the grade to her, but comprehension and application of the material. As long as you show some effort, take notes, and respect her classroom, she is very accommodating if you communicate your needs. I cannot recommend her enough.
5.0 : Professor Ahuvia is the best professor I've ever had! Although being an expert in various fields, she is very modest. I took an entry level  comparative religions course. In order to teach us well, she always tries to reexamine the course materials through a new learner's perspective. Take her class if you have chance! She's such a great teacher!
5.0 : One of the best profs at UW! She is so genuine and absolutely brilliant. Her class fostered one of the best learning environments I have ever been apart of. While she does assign a lot of reading, I have to say it is all worth it and manageable. I would take any course offered by Ahuvia!
4.0 : Very helpful professor. Gives good feedback. Her conferences are especially helpful if you have a draft for your essay. Although she does not give everyone a 4.0, you'll definitely learn a lot in her class. Also, you don't have to build a website for your portfolio, which makes the process much simpler so you can focus on revising your papers.
5.0 : Easily the best math teacher I have ever had. If you feel confused about the course material, go see him in office hours and be sure to ask lots of questions cause he will actually clarify any doubts you may have.
4.0 : Solid teacher who knows the content well. He gives students hints during tests, so ask him questions if you're confused.
5.0 : I find the class very easy. Professor Turchet gives a helpful quiz before each exam, so we can expect what will be on the actual exam. The exams are easier than other profs'. He also walks around during exams and gives hints, and even tells you if you make a mistake in your calculations. Imaginably the best professor for 308.
5.0 : Amos was the best math teacher I have ever had. His lectures were incredibly useful and related directly to what is taught in the textbook. It was easy to tell that he put in effort ahead of time to plan his lectures so that they would be effective in teaching the content. His office hours are also great. Tests are not bad and he even gives hints
5.0 : He makes sure that the whole class is following along during lecture. He does his best to make everything logical and easy to follow. Easily one of my favorite math classes at UW because of how it was taught. If it is possible to take his class or switch into it, you will be happy you did.
5.0 : Great teacher would recommend
5.0 : As the quarter progressed, it became apparent that Charles is deeply passionate for teaching. He cares about his students' success and makes himself accessible outside of class. I would highly recommend!
4.0 : Trevor is a really cool teacher. He does base all of his lectures straight out of the book, so it can be pretty repetitive. He is a fair grader, which is nice since there is a lot of group based assignments.
4.0 : A solid option to take MGMT 300 with. He goes off of the UW grading scale instead of on the normal Foster curve, which can be frustrating. I felt that I could have gotten .3 - .4 better GPA if it were curved, but the class was pleasant and my final GPA was fine. Would still recommend taking his class.
5.0 : He gave amazing lectures and keeps it interesting, was always willing to help out with students questions. The exams are from the lectures and there is a side project you do thats due at the end of the quarter. Super nice and caring guy, will for sure take his class again in the future! Overall a super interesting class, highly recommended!!
4.0 : Professor Lee has a pretty straightforward class set up, where the exams and labs are contingent on what is discussed in the lecture, and the textbooks that he suggests to use help clear up some concepts. It is somewhat tough, but as long as you go to the lecture you should be fine.
5.0 : He is nice. He is cool. Andy Kim for life.
5.0 : His lectures are amazing, clear, and precise, and he is enthusiastic. He even recorded an additional lecture for us to help us better understand an especially confusing topic.  He is ready helpful, friendly, and accessible outside of class. If you can't attend his office hours, he will find time for you, even if it means staying late on Friday.
5.0 : Luiz is an excellent professor. CSE 351 has some very fascinating content, which Luiz explored in a way that helped students understand. He used metaphors and analogies effectively to help me get complicated topics. 10/10 would take again.
4.0 : Very sweet lady. Genuinely cares about her students and the subject, and it shows. The grading criteria weren't very clear at first but she definitely got better at that by the end of the quarter. Willing to take student feedback. Tons of reading, but at least it was interesting? Fascinating subject! Her accent is nice to listen to.
4.0 : She is such a nice, caring professor and very clearly wants to help you learn. There was a lot of repetition with discussion questions which I know helps with practicing the language but it got a little old sometimes. Small talk was fun but again, also occasionally got a little repetitive. Overall though she is great.
5.0 : Currently an assistant professor, but I hope he becomes full time. Classes are excellent, very rich with studies, facts, and current information about interpersonal communication. Keeps everything interesting with humor. This class was very well organized.  Not an easy class, but you will learn something that you can take into the real world.
5.0 : Favorite professor, hands down. He's enthusiastic and passionate about what he teaches, he truly cares about how this students learn and if they understand the material. He explains everything really well, and tries to make everything as clear as possible for students. However, it is a senior level class and you will work for your grade. Worth it
5.0 : Professor Anderson is one of the great instructor I have seen. He cares of his student's learning. Informative,  interesting lectures, and extra credit. Highly recommended.
4.0 : Took Kira for MGMT300 during her first quarter teaching at UW. She is great! Very clear explanations, very helpful, does fun projects to nail in the information. Tests are very fair and she lets you know exactly what she expects! She is kind of a tough grader but its understandable. One of my favorite professors so far!
4.0 : She is very organized and knowledgeable about organizational behavior. In class we would have lectures, but also a lot of group activities (not graded). There are two tests (midterm &amp; final) and a group project. She is a a pretty tough grader on the group project and she has her grader grade the exams. The MC questions on her exams are tricky.
4.0 : Super cool teacher. She is new and really wants you to learn and remember the material. In class participation, midterm, group project, and final are the only things considered in your grade.
5.0 : She is a great professor! She really cares about her students' learning and gives great feedback on tests. Also, she's very clear on things we need to know/understand -- her lectures are easy to follow and if you're in need in help, you can always shoot her an email and she'll respond in less than 10 minutes (no joke).
5.0 : She is definitely one of the best math instructor at UW. Her teaching is inspiring.   She explains everything clearly, and is generous at giving extra credit. She makes me love math again.
5.0 : Mariana is one of the best professors I have had at UW! After taking her class she inspired me to love math again. She deeply cares about whether or not her students learn and makes sure you leave the class really understanding the material.
5.0 : Great great great teacher!
2.0 : Pedant noun a person who is excessively concerned with minor details and rules or with displaying academic learning.
5.0 : One of the most caring and interesting instructors I have ever seen! He is always trying his best and that's definitely likable! You can learn a lot from him!
5.0 : Castiel is the coolest cat around, he makes memes and tells jokes and hes the best lecturer in the economics department, anybody that says otherwise doesnt understand his genius.
5.0 : Castiel is the sweetest guy around. He's very approachable and genuinely tries and cares. Lectures are right from the textbook and the work load is manageable. Castiel's not the best at giving super clear explanations and tests usually have too many questions for the amount of time given but are doable if you study a lot.
5.0 : Castiel's the guy for econ classes. He really cares about what he teaches and is really helpful outside of class. Quick at responding emails and the guy's got a sense of humor. There is going to be pop quizzes but it's based on participation. Nice and easy class as long as you don't procrastinate.
5.0 : Dr. Lloyd is a pretty damn awesome professor.  He will go the extra mile to help students if you ask.  His assignments are challenging but is willing to extend deadlines if need. You will learn a lot from him.
4.0 : Great professor and a great class. The class was challenging, and you will learn a lot. The textbook he uses is free and you'll definitely need to read it if you want to do well on the exams, which are pretty tough. His homework is time-consuming, but if you know C well, you'll do fine. Make sure you do the extra credit offered.
5.0 : I've had lots of professors and Dr. Lloyd is without a doubt at the top of the list. Lectures are boring but otherwise he is extremely helpful, knows a lot, and very fair on grading. Practice tests that were very similar to what was on the actual tests. His tutorials are very helpful for homework. Lectures, slides, and book all follow each other.
4.0 : EDUC 300 is essentially a life skills class that I found extremely beneficial. There are weekly homework assignments but they are fairly easy. No exams, but final was 30% of final grade which was a little stressful. There was some extra credit offered on the exam though.
5.0 : It was an interesting class. In Spring 17 his grand student taught the class (Jaclyn Lally), she is great. They care about you; get to know them. Coming to class matters, you get 10 points each time you come. And not coming will ruin your grade. They are truly understanding people too, so get to know them! They are all passionate about their work.
5.0 : I took EDUC200 fall of 2017. Dr. Mazza's grad student, Jaclyn Lally taught most of the classes. She is really personable, they both are, and they tell funny stories. The work load is fair and participation is required, but the work itself is not hard. I have easily earned an 4.0 . I've learned SO many skills to help me be successful and stay sane!
5.0 : Great guy, really knows what he is doing and is very understanding and willing to give help. Also, really fun to be around, doesn't run a strict class which makes it enjoyable to be at and the participation easy to achieve.
5.0 : Professor Patsy is the best! She is very clear in her requirements, lectures and assignments. Always open to help and explain you. Her assignments  are easy because she walks you through all the steps in order to be able to solve a problem. Her exams are clear and well organized and are based on her lectures and assignments.
4.0 : Good class.  Didn't require the text book, which was a solid move on his part. Lectures are pretty good.
4.0 : Ryan is a great GSA- very approachable and likes to tell you about other architectural influences to draw on. He's a total hipster and made class fun as compared with the dry instructor. I much rather have had him instructing!
4.0 : James is passionate about architecture and it shows. He's always responsive but sometimes can be a little confusing- he tends to speak in generalities instead of giving you specific points to focus on. However, he's motivational and grades up to scale with the other instructors. He's the cute, awkward, dad-joke telling teacher you always wanted.
5.0 : Prof. Eagen-Torkko was such a great teacher! I loved her and her class. Has quizzes, readings, and homework every week but manageable. 10/10, would recommend.
5.0 : likes to tell funny stories that have nothing to do with anything.  Understands students better than anyone.  Ask for help if you aren't a native English writer.  And ask for help if you are.  Lots of random quizes. 3 major papers.  couple of assignments.
4.0 : Drama 252 is a great class if you like acting. Andrew is a great lecturer although he spends much of class talking about his own accolades and some students found this annoying. Lectures are interesting but not entirely informative for section. Most of what you'll need to do is rehearse and work in sections.
4.0 : Overall good professor. His lecture notes are crystal clear, and he is very good at talking about applications of the course material. He also has a really dark sense of humor, which makes his analogies a lot of fun. Tests had a couple of surprises, but otherwise the class was pretty straightforward.
4.0 : Dan was a great studio professor. He's very helpful and geniunely wants you to succeed. Although he's a bit quiet, he's very approachable and gives good project advice.
5.0 : He is literally one of the best teachers you can ask for when it comes to teaching this class. Attend and ask for the notes to all his lectures, though! He cares that you know the material and he is super friendly to talk to. Homework is a little long, but honestly not that bad. Great professor!
5.0 : Malik is the best professor I had in UW!!! His lectures are very clear. Homework are reasonable. Exams are fair and the most exciting thing is that his grading techniques differentiate between the one who understands the material and one who doesn't. Just write down everything he writes and you'll be fine. Literally your best choice for Math 307!!!
5.0 : The most amazing math professor I've had at UW. Would recommend  taking him 100%.  Listen to lectures carefully, try not to skip class, and you will be just fine.
5.0 : Great class, absolutely recommend Malik Younsi. He's not a tough grader, but makes you think, so don't expect it to be super easy.
5.0 : He is one of the best professors I have had. I tried to participate at least once in each class and he definitely appreciated my contributions and helped me out when I really needed it. The class does require a bit (or more) of reading but I have learnt so much from this class. Him and the class have helped me a lot in launching my career as well.
5.0 : Sarah was a great English professor! She will make your life so easy compared to the other professors by being very lenient in your writing and also giving great feedback on your papers. On every paper, she expects much less compared to the other professors so you will likely do better with her. Also, she is super nice and cares about your grade!
5.0 : Sarah was a very kind and very lenient teacher. She always worked to help all of her students succeed, and tried her best to make all of the lectures and assignments interesting.
4.0 : It was his first time teaching at this campus and I have to say he is very knowledgable and a great prof! His lectures weren't dull and I learned so much from this class! I knew nothing about politics until now! His exams are not hard at all and he has a few writing assignments! I would definitely recommend him. He's very caring and willing to help
5.0 : You really have to work for your grade, but he's a caring and understanding teacher which helps a lot.
4.0 : He cares a lot about what he teaches and wants everyone in his class to do well. He seems like the type of professor who would make an effort to help you or meet outside of class if you're struggling. He has clear instructions and expectations on all assignments. If you want to do well and put the effort in, you will do well in his class.
5.0 : Great, great, great guy! Gives a lot of feedback, very down to earth, and grading is very reputable. He is an honest man that does not incite his political agenda into his lectures (which is amazing). Not only that but he does not throw you through loops like most other professors. Instead he tells it how it is and will help you along the way.
5.0 : Just finished my third course with him and I'm looking forward to another. He's easy to understand and he can tell when someone's not getting it. He is accommodating when life gets in the way outside of school. You should always know how you're doing in his classes; no surprises. Answers questions outside of class quickly. A+ instructor!
5.0 : All the answers for quizzes are in his slides, and quizzes are open book. So, just write down all the slides on your notes, and you will get 4.0 because he gives enough extra credit to do so. Also, for the mock trials and case briefs, if you ask him how to do it, he will tell you everything you need, and you will be able to finish in one day.
5.0 : Be patient with him. I think he is a great professor. Would answer all the questions of your concerns. Make sure to ask other students how his exams and quizzes are drawn.
5.0 : Really laid back and tries to help everyone understand the curriculum. Participation is a big part but very easy writing assignments. Hes also really funny and passionate about the topic
4.0 : Although his lectures might not be the clearest, he grades exams very leniently even when the exam is not very hard. He doesn't take much points off for calculation errors, but make sure you do the problem in the correct method. He also cares about his students a lot, and is happy to answer questions after class.
5.0 : I've never had a professor with more engaging lectures. Yiran Wang is an amazing teacher and definitely puts a big emphasis on giving partial credit in exams. Only downside may be that his exams are among the most challenging since I've been at UW.
5.0 : Professor Wang is one of the best professors I've had at UW. He is very friendly and willing to meet up with students to answer questions. Lectures and answers to questions are clear. He does have an accent but he's easy to understand. Tests are very difficult but there is a lot of partial credit. Clears his throat a lot but it's not too annoying.
4.0 : Has a chinese accent, but still understandable. Wants students to get good grades. Listen to his hints on what will be on the midterm/final. Exams were a bit more difficult than other professors' though.
5.0 : I literally signed up to rate this professor. He is the best professor in UW I ever have. His lecture is amazing, although the tests could be a bit difficult, but durable comparing to other professors. He is willing to meet with students outside of class. Caring and inspiring . If you taking math 307 and you don't have him, BIG MISTAKE
5.0 : He is a great professor who encourages students to explore topics as much as we want. He is also very helpful and accessible outside the class. Even though there is a long paper to write, you can get an A easily if you satisfy all requirements.
5.0 : Extremely helpful!
5.0 : Drama 201 was an awesome drama intro course. Robert is such a caring and funny person and he manages to make reading plays more fun than it already is. I highly recommend taking this course with him. There's a lot of reading plays and mandatory quizzes on every play. I ended up with over a 100% in the class though! Not hard if you do the work.
5.0 : Easily one of my top three professors from my time at UW. She actually cares if you learn, presents everything in a clear and concise manner, and knows more about each individually taught subject than could be learned over an entire quarter.
3.0 : Joyce is an awesome person. As a lecturer, though, not so much. She reads from a powerpoint, with each slide packed with information from the textbook, but she flips through them too fast to write anything down. Not all slides are posted online, so lots of info is missed. Makes for a boring and dry lecture with little learning.
5.0 : The material taught by professor LeBlanc is difficult to learn outside of his lectures. His lecture slides help, but his demonstrations on the whiteboard are far more beneficial. Assignments make you think, but they are not overwhelming. A background in networking will help you significantly with this particular course.
4.0 : This professor has a firm grasp on networking concepts, but I feel like her lectures may be inhibited by materials she uses from the department. You must read the book, as there are many concepts, and note sheets are not allowed on tests. Course materials often direct us to use deprecated networking technologies, and should be updated.
5.0 : I took her yoga/writing block class and it was really good. There is a lot of reading but she was really easy to talk to and always there for you if you needed help. As long as you stay on top of your work it's a really easy and fun class and pretty easy.
5.0 : Michelle Averill is an amazing professor! If you want an easy A take this class. No final, just 5 short quizzes every other week and as long as you study the power points in class you will do well. There is one project, but its easily graded and fun to make.
5.0 : He is an amazing teacher! Also extremely good looking/hot. Maybe late 20s, early 30s. He uses a lot of emojies in his slides and makes jokes all the time which I love. I will never miss class just because he is so nice to look at and his personality is on point. The lectures are also very interesting and educational. He is great!
3.0 : This was her first time teaching the class and unfortunately, it showed. There was no structure to the class and everything we did seemed pretty pointless.
5.0 : Literally the best professor I've ever had!  I now want to be a structural engineer, and it seriously is because of Kieth.  He's extremely patient and explains things over and over if need be.  He listens to how the class needs to learn and then bases his lectures and tests on those responses.  Great guy and great prof! He's super understanding!
5.0 : The class is based on CS188 from Berkeley, but Professor Fox provided excellent explanations beyond the slides. He also gave many examples of how the material applied to robotics, which was cool to see. The homework was in python and was a minimal amount of work compared to other cs classes here.
5.0 : This was THE BEST class I have EVER taken at UWT! I was blown away. This is by far the best SW elective (chemical dependency). I can't even begin to describe how much I learned and just how much this will impact the work I do. Amazing lectures, does not take attendance, 2 easy assignments, 4 Saturday classes. Take this class.
4.0 : Had her for African Studies &amp; she was really nice &amp; an okay teacher! She is more than happy to welcome you into her office hours. Read &amp; know the main points of the books as there are quizzes, but online, so you can use the book. The midterm was fine just study important points of books &amp; lecture. Some EC! The final was a project you submit online!
3.0 : This class is meant to finalize your graduation portfolio. The projects in between are just meant to help you succeed after college or for graduate school. Participate, get the points, try, and get a good grade! Bonus: he gives out prizes for those that complete the projects the best.
5.0 : Dr. Finke is great! I had aging and biology with him and I learned so much and everyday was a great lecture! He is test heavy but he only test you on what you covered in class. He does this thing where you will have a quiz one week on what you learned then the next week would be a test. I didn't think I would like these constant test but it helped!
5.0 : Mark is the best!
5.0 : Best class Ive taken. So intellectually stimulating.
4.0 : Ding Jin is a TA that teaches this intro class. The class is graded on your progress not your skill so it doesn't matter if you know what you're doing or not. As long as you put in the effort to try what he suggests you will get a good grade. It is a three hour class but I would walk out an our or two early every time and he did not say a word.
5.0 : He knows what he is talking about and presents the material in a fun inviting manner. Always something interesting coming out of his mouth because he is so effortlessly hilarious and doesn't seem to even notice it.
5.0 : He posts the lecture notes online in case you can't make it to class and shows you how to do everything. Very reasonable grader!
5.0 : Patrick is probably one of my favorite professors at UWB. He is so incredibly awesome, and takes time to get to know his students. He is lecture heavy, but he posts all of his notes online and they really help! I would totally recommend taking him at least once if you have the chance.
5.0 : Great lecturer, often had short class sessions depending on topic. Extremely supportive of students. Office hours were by appointment but he was very helpful and often available after class.
5.0 : Sami is amazing! The class is super hard, but she does her best to make sure you understand all the concepts and makes sure that you leave with the information that you need to, if not succeed, then at least do significantly better than you otherwise would. 10/10 would take again.
4.0 : Great prof- this is her first quarter teaching Conservation Biol - uses very specific test questions, also doesn't use Panapto and has little information on powerpoints so is not good to skip. Lots of busy work incl. reading quizzes, FlipGrid, and quarter-long website project. All and all very personable and friendly and easy material.
4.0 : Decent professor who is overall very nice and approachable. Didn't really care for her lecturing, which was mostly reading off the slides. Gave us a midterm and a final, both of which were memorization heavy and not "applications of concepts" as she promised. She's still relatively new to teaching so she still has a lot to improve on.
5.0 : Very accesible outside of class, really wants you to succeed. He definitely knows what he's doing, but sometimes his explanations are too involved for most of us to understand easily. However! He really does his next to make sure that you understand the concepts and are ready to apply what you have learned.
5.0 : Steph was absolutely fantastic! The class is very organized and she gives you a course pack that has all of the slides in it. She gives you plenty of resources like extra problems, videos, and more to help you learn the material! I highly recommend taking this class or any class with her! I loved her class and so did all my friends!
5.0 : Steph is probably my favorite accounting teacher in the department. Her lectures are well organized and the way she teaches is very methodical. She takes you step by step through tough accounting concepts and sets you up for success. I really liked her use of the cases to add that real world perspective to the class. Overall such a great teacher.
4.0 : Steph's accounting class has been my favorite in business school. Lectures, course organization, and assistance working through problems were all excellent. Her course pack and teaching clarified complex concepts from the textbook. Frustrating that final grade is relative to others' performance; no way to know how you'll be graded until the end.
4.0 : Yao's class is pretty easy. For grades he takes the higher of the two midterm exams, the final, and an easy group presentation. Though his lectures could easily be replaced by reading the notes online or reading the book, he truly cares about his students and provides them with a bountiful of resources. His lectures are also fun and interactive.
5.0 : Yao is an amazing professor and its hard to believe that he just started teaching. The class is only graded on a short presentation, a midterm (higher of two grades), and a final. He keeps lectures engaging and entertaining, and his slides are easy to understand. Much of the first half of the course is review from other econ classes.
5.0 : I was in the very first college class he taught as a professor. Yao got his Master's and PhD in Economics from Harvard. INCREDIBLY intelligent yet super approachable. Read the textbook, give a coherent group presentation, do the practice exams and review questions, and you will be GOLDEN. Honestly just a superb and inspirational individual.
3.0 : Yao's a good dude and is very open to helping his students succeed. That said, he's still a bit green so his lectures sometimes feel pointless when all you have to study for the test is the practice problems he gives you. Also didn't feel like I learned much. Dude has a lot of potential though, I'd be open to taking him again when he settles in.
5.0 : Yao is hands down the most genuine, supportive, and caring professor I have ever had. No one takes their work as an educator more seriouslyespecially considering I am only his second class as a professor. This class is hardeveryone knows that. Just because Yao is (in my opinion) the best professor for the course, don't expect to slide through.
4.0 : This quarter he actually made one of them midterms a bit hard. Doesn't matter much being that it's curved. Final and other midterm was easy, presentation was graded by class. Only have to take 1 midterm. Very funny, lectures can be boring if your not interested.
4.0 : First midterm was really difficult but he toned it down a bit for the midterm. Nice dude but to really understand the content, you'll need to do a bit of self-studying of the PPT slides and practice problem sets.
5.0 : Yao is hands-down one of the best professors I've had at Foster. Even though he is Harvard-educated, he is incredibly humble and will take suggestions from students to improve his class. He is very prompt in answering emails and is very personable and accessible in office hours. Wish I could take him for even more classes. A great class and person!
5.0 : Yao is an excellent professor who truly cares for his students. Participate in his in-class activities - he gives out chocolate. Do the (non-graded) homework, practice exams, and practice problems. Grade consists of 2 midterms (one is optional if you choose), 1 group presentation, &amp; 1 final. I would take another class with him in a heart beat.
5.0 : He is the best and the most motivational professor ever. He works really hard to make sure you are on top of stuff and he knows his stuff perfectly. I would replace Dr. Neils by him anytime. He is just too good.
5.0 : Great teacher, always reviewed topics multiple times. There are no curveballs on the quizzes. Classes ended early every day so there was always time to ask questions. Young and humorous, tried to connect topics to our lives if you like that.  Textbook is weird and not always applicable, pay attention in class and you'll do fine.
5.0 : The class was busy, short 3 page assignments do every Sunday, two major projects, the last two are relatively easy, professor incredibly nice and patient, gives extension when necessary, sweet lady would love to have her again, very organized, gives clear feedback, gives guides for assignments, ample examples. Really good and cool professor!
5.0 : Easy to contact when I had questions and usually got quick responses.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have had.  Had a LOT of real world experience. Gave out their cell phone and was available to help.  Explained difficult concepts.  Cared.
5.0 : He gave some very good lectures that helped me understand. I know there were students in other sections that would sit in our lectures as word got out who were the best profs. He was hired away to WSU which is too bad as I wanted to take some more courses from him. One of the better profs by far!
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had as well, this comments are real, and the class was challenging, but he taught in such a good way it seemed easy.
5.0 : I took Operating Systems from him. He was very easy to work with. He responded quickly to emails and texts, he encouraged experimentation on assignments, and he did his best to make sure students weren't falling behind. His lecture notes were also very helpful.
5.0 : He can be a little nervous when he speaks, but it's kind of charming. He is thoughtful, gives helpful feedback and clearly cares about his students.
1.0 : The in-class material was very interesting, but Professor Groening made me dislike the class. His system of grading is not very fair for the amount of work we were expected to do.  I should have dropped the class as soon as he said that he never gives full points because grades don't matter. Also, the readings are extremely long and dull.
5.0 : I took his Early Fall Start class, How to be a Person, and it was awesome!! There's a lot of reading but he's good about covering interesting topics and mixing up the class routine
5.0 : I took the class "How to be a Person" for early fall start and it totally made me excited to be in college! Professor is kind and entertaining, and the class was interesting and engaging. There was a LOT of reading involved, but a lot of it was from novels (so a lot more entertaining than textbook readings).
3.0 : Steve is a good teacher. However, the grading scale is tough. 4.0 is for 99-100 based on 100 points. Also, there's a lot of HW and the reading is kind a trick. But he is a really nice professor and approachable.
5.0 : Steve is the best instructor I've ever had. He is funny and keeps the class interesting. Would definitely take another one of his classes.
5.0 : I loved taking this class with Jason. He was very helpful when I needed help for the main project. Not a lot of homework. Easy going class, just reread lecture slides if you need to. If you're into GIS, or curious about it, try taking the class with him if you can.
4.0 : A decent teacher. Tests are not hard, but not easy.
5.0 : I really enjoyed taking this class. I learned a lot of new information because the subject was really interesting. She made the lectures enjoyable and manageable. Straight forward grading. Would definitely recommend!
5.0 : I usually get distracted during other lectures, but it's difficult not to pay attention to her!! She's a very interesting and engaging lecturer and is obviously very knowledgeable about the subject she teaches. She also responds to emails super fast and is very open to meeting up outside class. I'd 100% take one of her classes again.
3.0 : First half of the course was hell, but the second half was super interesting. Hannula has super text-heavy slides so it is very hard to listen, consolidate and copy down the correct information from the slides during lecture since she talks super, super fast. Would have been better if this class wasn't at 8:30am, super interesting material though
4.0 : I really enjoyed the class content and the way she teaches with solid examples and videos! Classes aren't mandatory but she gives participation points for going so it's best to go. Be careful, however, with the piece paper grades. My grade dropped 5% when it was put in at the end because canvas had predicted a high value. Just a forewarning!!
5.0 : Prof Hannula is kind. She tries to find an answer for all students and engage us even outside of class. The class goes over theories and types of murder and was interesting and applicable. Like, I feel informed to speak on social/political topics because of the facts I learned. Not many downsides except I did worse on tests than I thought I would.
5.0 : Was skeptical first, but he was amazing. Really cares about students!
5.0 : Very enjoyable teaching
4.0 : The course content was hard itself, but he gave clear and straight forward lectures. The exam questions were very often from his speech so COME TO CLASS (there was no recording). He is an expert in his subject. He gave prompt and really helpful email replies during the entire quarter. Hard exams but generous grading. Amazing instructor, Hard class.
4.0 : Pretty chill for a CS professor. His lectures are very clear and he follows his PowerPoints very closely. He explain the concepts very clearly. It seems like he only teaches 331 in the summer, but maybe that will change. Pretty typical for CS at UW. Best class to take after CSE 143. I STRONGLY suggest you take this before 332, because it is useful.
5.0 : Kevin is the man.  He left the industry to teach at UW and he's extremely knowledge both about theory and how to practically use it.  He has a plethora of stories from the trenches and I would definitely take one of his classes again.
3.0 : What I appreciate about this instructor is his willingness to help, unlike other professors who seem super nice at first but when you ask for help they either ignore the emails or say they can't help. Hard class like any other class, but he does his best to help
5.0 : Professor Wright was one of the best professors I've ever had. He has a lot of knowledge about the topic of this class and definitely knew how to communicate it over to the students. His class wasn't easy, the topic of Financial Planning &amp; Policy is pretty dense, but Professor Wright made it more bearable by always offering help if you needed it!
5.0 : Really amazing teacher super nice guy and really really cares about his students. He gives you hints on the homework but, that doesn't mean you don't have to study they are on the exams. The only reason that I got an A in the class was because I read all the material and studied hard. Make sure you participate.
5.0 : Although this was one of the more difficult classes I've taken, Rob was BY FAR one of the best professors I've ever taken! He is very clear about his expectations, willing to meet with you outside of class &amp; genuinely cares about his students. Rob is super quick in terms of e-mailing back and posting grades. If you want to actually learn, take Rob!
5.0 : Professor Wright is the best Professor you can ever take at the University of Washington. He goes belong his job as a teacher. If you have any questions about class work/life/career paths, he will take the time out of his day to give you the best response/advice as possible. In ways he is more of a long term friend and life time mentor.
5.0 : Rob was by far one of the best professors I had at UWB. He takes the time to make course content relevant and interesting which made going to class a joy. I would suggest doing all reading and course work completed before class to have meaningful coversations. I would highly recommend Rob as a professor and taking classes with him.
5.0 : Highly recommended! Doug brings his industry experience and love for teaching to the classroom with an interactive and informational lecture every time.
5.0 : Jenny was really helpful outside of class and was really funny in class. She is super personable and cares about you as a student. She doesn't grade too hard but you do need to work hard to earn a 4.0. I would say the average in this class was a 3.8.
5.0 : Great professor! The class was hard but I learned a lot.
5.0 : He welcomes corrections and questions. He makes you feel ok about asking a question no matter how stupid it might be. He clearly cares about whether or not we learn the material, and he knows it himself very well. He also recommended a very good YouTube video series for visualisations of some of the material.
5.0 : SPHSC461 is a hard class, with it being more conceptually confusing than SPHSC 261. With that said, Professor Winn does his best to teach the content of the class in an enthusiastic and helpful way, taking time to answer questions about misunderstood concepts or explaining things in a different way. He is effective at teaching a hard SPHSC  class.
4.0 : Yeah, good.  This class was simple, yet informative.  It was interesting to learn about different variations of medical ethics.  Professor Tate knows her stuff.  She is enthusiastic about philosophy, and will often make complicated ideas sound simple.  Be prepared to discuss things with her and the class, if not, get ready for awkward silences.
4.0 : Dr. Moore legitimately cares about students learning and digesting the information as opposed to the level of work you turn in. He encourages students to engage and discuss the materials read to create a better understanding of the content. If you put in effort he goes out of his way to ensure that you're set up for success in his class.
4.0 : Lots of group discussion and summary. Sumayyah is hilarious and very passionate. Easy grader, but you have to read the material to do the work. Two essays and two short response papers, that's it.
4.0 : He often would put people on the spot during lecture. I learned to avoid this and get in his good graces by showing up religiously during office hours. I found showing up for office hours introduced me to many motivated students. We supported each other and most of us got A's. Teamwork is imp. for always getting 100% on online hw and tutorial hw.
5.0 : Loved this guy. Super nice. Great ponytail. Lots of homework but if you try its easy to get a 4.0. People usually drop out week 1 and 2 because of the "workload" but if you plan well and keep up to date with reading guides you should be fine.
5.0 : Travis was awesome!!! He's funny and his office hours are super helpful: he's very patient and nonjudgemental. The tests are hard, and he's a hard grader, but he really cares about how much you learn and he really wants you to succeed.
5.0 : I only put TCRIM because I've had her for multiple classes. She is an excellent professor, her teaching style is extremely effective, and I've liked every tcrim class taken with her. Kind of a lot of reading but everything's pretty relevant and comes together in powerpoints. They're posted online. Most exams have been mixture multiple choice/ essay
5.0 : Best Chem class Ive taken!! Shortridge takes the time to explain the heard concepts and spends time doing lots of in class examples! The material is tough but he wants you to succeed and is super helpful at office hours! He's willing to take the time to help you! He's not there to trick you up on exams he's there to TEACH you 10/10 recommend!
5.0 : JP is seriously one of the best teachers I have ever had at UW. The guy is funny, informative and very, very passionate about his students. I came away from each and every lecture feeling like I learned a lot and that he had fun teaching. You will not regret taking a class with him.
5.0 : Dan is really helpful. He's always available either through email or after class. This guy's got a lot of knowledge in sound although sometimes I find his lectures a little too long. He keeps students participating by asking questions but never does he force/pick someone to answer. We just do.
5.0 : Tough class (but it's physics and in summer quarter too), super nice grader though, he gave people back points. Just work hard and you'll earn a good grade.
5.0 : Michael is an incredible teacher! He really wants to see his student succeed and is great at clarifying and making sure you're understanding ASL. Most learning happens in class to don't miss it!
4.0 : Conley was a solid professor. He was very approachable and tried to make the class interesting. Really liked open discussion. Most people agreed that they learned alot. The grading is fair.
4.0 : Besides her accent, she's a great teacher! As long as you participate in class, you'll get good grades!
4.0 : The class was tough since the homework descriptions are quite lengthy, but the content and teaching was okay! Just do your homework, go to office hours, and you'll do fine. The professor will also curve your grades and give extra credits if you're not doing so well!
4.0 : Just come to class having read the pre-reading and take good notes. Dont fall behind- if you do ask him for help right away. Super nice guy who will dedicate hours to help you understand anything. Not intimidating. Really cool lecture topics and he adds in current news stories. Just do your preparation and you will be fine.
5.0 : She is articulate and a good teacher. Is accessible outside class and helps understand course materials.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've had at UW. Lectures are very straight-forward and easy to follow, and she gives good explanations/examples of concepts. Very easy grader, and tests are extremely fair, with no dumb or confusing trick/"gotcha" questions. Also does efficient in-class review before exams. I didn't even buy the textbook and I was fine
5.0 : Engaging, teaches interesting material with real life examples, and gives helpful feedback.
5.0 : This TA worked as a lab supervisor and instructor for my PHYS121 class. He helped me efficiently and effectively. Great communicator.
5.0 : Lectures are interesting, and actually make me WANT to work hard and go to class. There's 5 short papers you write, and she'll give you feedback on each one but you won't actually get a grade. In the end, you turn in 1 major paper, plus 3/5 of those REVISED papers, and that's your grade. Plus, you read cool modern sci-fi and watch Rick and Morty!
5.0 : I took her for 301 and didn't get the grade I was expecting based off of how much work I put in, which wasn't necessarily her fault, but I took 313 from her and loved it! It was super easy, even though class time wasn't always used super effectively. She likes it when you reach out to her, ask questions, and show you care about her class.
5.0 : He is amazing. If you need to take a classics class take it with him. He's pretty lazy with his quizzes and test which is a good thing because he recycles words a lot. There is a lot of memorization but if you go to his office hours he'll basically give you some answers for the tests and he gives good extra credit. Just a great person overall.
5.0 : Edgar is the absolute best! I learned so much, I highly recommended this class. You leave the class being able to break down complex scientific terminology, which is such a valuable tool. Edgar is very helpful and kind, his class was phenomenal. Couldn't ask for a better professor!
3.0 : I took Dr. Al-Masri in his first quarter at UWT which went... okay. You will pick a group of 5 people and must work with them the entire quarter. He has assesses you through a quarter-long project with your group, weekly in-class activities (basically tests you take with your group), a midterm and a final. He covers a ridiculous amount of material.
5.0 : Professor Al-Masri is one of the best professors I had at UWT. His lectures are well organized, project is extremely useful and in-class exercises were very helpful. I took this class with no knowledge about databases and after finishing the course, I learned many things including database design, normalization, testing build a UI for the database.
5.0 : absolutely amazing professor, respectful person, and a pretty interesting class, however need to pay 100% attention to his lecture.
5.0 : If you take this class, be prepared to read. Lectures were detailed yet very helpful. I did not have to buy a textbook for this class and did well. Eyhab is always reachable outside class and helps students with understanding course material in an easy manner.
5.0 : He is really passionate about what he teaches and makes sure you understand the course material. I love his explanations of key concepts in databases and reviews done at the start of almost every class. He is also willing to help students after class.
5.0 : Class was not that easy. You need to study well for the exams. Interesting to learn more about software engineering (I really learned a lot in this class). The slides were helpful (if you do not have a reference book) but require lots of reading and taking notes. Thanks Eyhab!
5.0 : Eyhab made the class very interesting even though it was three days a week, he explains concepts well and loves what he does. His passion is what makes him a great professor.
5.0 : I am not good at all with sql and databases but with him I passed the course with no obstacle and received a very good grade. Amazing professor who cares for students and wants everyone to pass. I thought this would be my hardest class but it turned out to be my easiest.
5.0 : Great professor, exams online and they mostly follow the PowerPoint but its important to come to class because he sometimes says the questions that will pop up, also its very interesting with his style.
5.0 : Very great.
5.0 : Favorite classes taken, and he makes it enjoyable.
4.0 : The class I took was an easy VLPA credit and Reva is really amazing!
5.0 : Reva truly is a gem. Having class at 3:30pm is rough, but Reva makes it manageable. She is very chill and the only assignments you'll do pertain to speeches. Review slides before exams and you'll be fine. There was one day where she gave out participation points for doing an in class activity though so try to attend lecture to not miss points.
5.0 : Reva is honestly an amazing prof. She made the material really interesting and the fact that she's hilarious helps. She's eager to help and very friendly and accommodating!
5.0 : While the class structure is a bit bizarre, the group project and paper is a very good introduction to creating clear, professional research papers and learning how to prepare an hour long presentation. Reflecting one quarter later, his criticism and criteria for work has helped me prepare other presentations and papers since.
4.0 : Sensei had an interesting vision when it came to each class and it made them very fun. The films that were assigned seemed irrelevant to what was being taught in class. The coursework was light for some weeks and others it was heavy. He was a cool instructor, but I don't think I learned much from this course. Fun class though!
5.0 : You learn a lot from him! You can ask lots of questions in the class. Unlike other professors in the CSS, he doesn't make you feel stupid even you ask the same question multiple times. He is approachable, patient and respectful to students. He's not really a professional "teacher", but he does an amazing job! You'll just learn a lot.
5.0 : John genuinely he cares about his students. He constantly asks if everyone understands what is going on, and will repeat things as many times as needed until everyone gets it. He wants you to succeed and I respect that. Lectures were posted to Canvas, textbook says "required" but isn't, and for tests make sure to study the assessment quizzes.
5.0 : Liz is one of the nicest professors I've had at UW. She's incredibly patient with her students and is always ready to help people who are struggling in class. Class curriculum is v straightforward. More emphasis on linguistics than culture. She tries to get everyone to participate at least once a day, so answer questions early to get it over with!
4.0 : Best TA ever. Very helpful and approachable. He is a cutie!
5.0 : Randal is a great professor! He actually assigns coding assignments vs Greg Hay which only talks about content with no package. He is very easy going and answers everyone's questions. He does assign a lot of work but it is worth it if you really want to learn about SQL and Data Science. If you can take 340 with him, take it!
5.0 : this class is a hybrid chid/ gwss class called "Queering the Race to Reproduction." first of all, already an interesting &amp; important topic, but jey really makes the class. they are knowledgeable, relatable, and manage to present theory-dense information in a way that's interesting. it's a discussion-based class which works for the topic. recommend!
4.0 : Professor has the patients and and understand for all students. Will work and stay late if you need some extra help. Cares about your grade
5.0 : Fair and patient. Cares about his students learning and grades.
5.0 : Dr. Beasley helped me through a very rough quarter. He helped me manage my time, and let me take exams and assignments at my own pace. Very understanding, and just an all around great teacher. You have weekly reading quizzes, and two exams, and a great final project. Tests are extremely difficult, but he helps. Lots of extra credit opportunities!
2.0 : Beasley seems to care about students which is probably the only redeeming character. Lectures were extremely boring and repetitive. Tests are actually really hard, I'm generally a good test taker and found it difficult. Also grades paper really strict so I wouldn't take Research meths with him again or even social psych :/
5.0 : Funny professor who puts in effort to make the class engaging. 2 quizzes that rely heavily on material from lecture so show up because there's no recordings. Main group project that is a big part of your grade but put effort in &amp; you'll do well. 2 papers throughout the course, easy to get a good grade if you put in effort. Easy A if you try
5.0 : Lloyd is by far the most personable prof I've had at UW. He loves what he does, and he brings humor and enthusiasm to class. The course itself is homework focused, with assignments each week and two midterms, but it's all very manageable. Slides are dense and he has a tendency to talk quickly, but if you need help he will go out of his way for you.
5.0 : Lloyd is the man! He really pours his heart into teaching and helping students succeed. He has great "dad-jokes", and is approachable &amp; helpful. The exams are a good representation of the homework, and you're allowed to have notes, too. Also, his Canvas page is the most organized I have ever seen. Overall, great dude- take his class for sure!
