4.5 : The assignments weren't always clear and sometimes had typos, but as long as students brought it to her attention she would correct them.  Lectures were interesting, but you need to attend to do well on the tests.  Otherwise you don't really need to study.  She really cares about students and actually wants to meet all of us! Some group work.
4.0 : Easy art credit. Never read the book. Lectures are just slideshows of art that she talks about forever. No quizzes. Just 4 long 100 point tests. Have to write papers about art you looked at from the Milwaukee art museum and art institute. Yeah, you have to go downtown for this class. The TA grades papers pretty hard. 2 stupidly easy group projects.
5.0 : I had Allen for an Honors course and he was amazing. He was crystal clear about assignments and was always willing to provide help with papers. The readings were interesting  and not so overwhelming that I could not get through them. Overall Allen is a really nice guy and a professor who values his students and the subjects that he teaches.
4.5 : 5 page paper. Lectures are interesting but she goes off on tangents quite often. Fortunately, you only need the material on her lecture outlines. There are lots of readings assigned some from the book and some online but you can get away with not doing it or just doing some. If you are interested in history and need humanities, I would recommend.
3.0 : It's obvious that she is both passionate and knowledgeable about the course material, which can make her lectures interesting. However, her time management leaves much to be desired: we were a week or so behind almost the entire semester. Good professor, but I'm glad the semester is over. Attendance, two exams, and paper make up the grade.
3.5 : The class is fascinating and she is absolutely brilliant, but if you don't like history or aren't good at remembering minute details her teaching style is not for you.
2.5 : Lecture is dry and seems to go on forever. Uses her own website rather than D2L, so don't expect to know how your grades add up. Paper and project instructions are very unclear, and she has a hard time answering questions beyond rereading her already unclear prompt back to you.
5.0 : Professor Schultz is an amazing math teacher. He's goofy, which makes the class go by fast. He definitely wants everyone to do well in his classes! If you come to class and do his review sessions, you'll definitely get an A in the class.   He's very easy to learn from.
5.0 : I don't like math, nor am I good at it, but I loved Larry's class. He is so nice and helpful and really cares about his students. It's still pretty tough, at least for me, but if you put in the work and effort, you'll do fine. I wouldn't suggest missing a lecture. Just do the work and study. I wish I had Larry for every class, he is that awesome!
5.0 : I always looked forward to his classes! I never took Calc, and I am a junior. He explains everything in class! Attendance isn't mandatory but it helped!
5.0 : Larry is the man. Really funny guy. Motivates you to do well. Just an awesome professor.
5.0 : Be willing to listen, show up to class, and do your homework and I guarantee you an A. He is super willing to help as much as possible. Pretty much wish he was my grandpa.
5.0 : Professor Schultz was possibly one of the best professors I have had at UWM. He explains calc clearly and thoroughly while keeping your attention through jokes and personal stories. He is dedicated to his students and wants to make sure everyone understands math-a subject not many people can enjoy.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have ever had. I have always struggled with math but his lectures are clear, and you can just tell that he truly wants every student in his class to do well. He usually starts the class off with a little joke or funny story to lighten the mood.
4.5 : One of the best professors I have had in college going on 4 years.  He is extremely helpful and clear.  There is no attendance in lecture only in discussion but I recommend going because his notes are a thousand times better than anything you'll find in the book.
5.0 : Larry Shultz is by far the best professor I had at UWM.  I took both Math 205 and 211 with him and I have been able to receive an A in both of his classes.  He makes the content very easy to understand and is willing to help you if you're having troubles. He's always in a good mood and tells cheesy jokes during lectures to make math more tolerable.
4.5 : He is very easy, however, he most of the time runs on a tangent by telling jokes and stories and rushes the material/lecture . Overall he is a great and passionate teacher. The only negative thing is that he is a lefty so copying down the notes is hard when his hand covers the screen.
5.0 : good
5.0 : Probably the nicest teacher you will encounter in college. Lowest exam gets tossed. Every exam has an in-class review day and an additional Friday review that is optional. If you go to class and the extra review there is no reason not to get A's on everything. Watch out for some cheesy jokes. Also, discussion attendance is 10% of your final grade.
4.0 : Great teacher and he really does care about his students. Tells lots of storys and dad jokes but overall, great prof with good morale for students
5.0 : Don't be a fool, TAKE HIS CLASS! Larry is as amazing as everyone says he is!
5.0 : He's a great teacher and wants all his students to succeed, He's a great guy!
5.0 : Larry is the best math professor i have ever had. He makes subjects very simple to understand and walks through many examples in class. He basically tells you exactly what to expect on every exam, so as long as you follow along and understand, you can get A's with only a few hours of study. Larry also really cares about his students and is funny.
5.0 : Best math professor I've ever had. Take him if you can!
5.0 : Best professor at UWM. Nothing more needs to be said.
5.0 : He is an excellent professor. His lectures show how knowledgeable and passionate he is for the material and the students. There is a lot of material so after the first exam, lectures are fast-paced. However, he does allow people to ask questions and take pictures of the notes after class.
5.0 : BEST MATH PROFESSOR!! I normally dread math and can fall behind easily. But Prof. Schultz explained everything so perfectly, I had absolutely no trouble at all! Aced every single test. Just go to the lectures because that's where the real learning happens. Discussions are not always enough and not always clear.
5.0 : He gives you everything you need to get an A but you have to put in the work outside of class.  Miss the lectures and you miss the content which the discussion TAs don't always cover.
4.5 : Larry is easily the best professor ive had so far at UWM. He genuinely cares about his students understanding the content and doing well. He makes jokes that are incredibly cheesy but he is a pretty funny guy. A lot of students have to take 211 and he does a really good job at teaching it.
5.0 : Larry is a great guy. If you're not really a math person but have to take one for requirements, don't bother taking it with anyone else. He wants all of his students to do well! Do not skip lecture, being there is worth every moment. Cheesy jokes and very useful explanations and great notes.
4.0 : Larry is awesome. He's funny, knowledgeable, and tries to make calculus easy.  He's a genuine guy and I would recommend him. Beware he will talk about his new corvette a lot. He's very proud of it.
5.0 : Absolutely great professor. He makes math so much easier and fun. I wish that he could be my professor for every class.
3.0 : Probably one of the most passionate teachers I've ever had. He'll do anything in his power for everyone to pass and even tries to learn all of his students names. The TA's are really good but word of warning: prepare for the final exam because that is the only exam that the TA's DO NOT write.
5.0 : Mr. Schultz is very helpful and willing to help students to the best of his ability. Attend Friday reviews, do your assignments and review worksheets, and show up to class and you'll get an A easily.
5.0 : Best professor I've had at UWM (and I've had a lot). Assigns and checks homework for completion --&gt; DO YOUR HOMEWORK! Show up to class. He goes over the exam materials one by one before the test. He gets to know his students, which is unique for a UWM professor. Gives lots of chances for success; just talk to him if you're struggling.
5.0 : Excellent teacher. Perfect example of how to lead a classroom and teach your students. He will admit when he cannot cover material, which may seem problematic, but what he goes over, he does to almost perfection. Step by step, explains what to do, and shows you how to do it. Making it much easier to learn what he misses. DO YOUR HOMEWORK
5.0 : Carolyn is a great professor who has much experience and incorporates that into the course well. Some assignments are harder than others, but she always gives you a chance to redo it for a better grade. Also took 433 (creative non-fiction for publication) with her and loved that course. Highly recommended professor.
5.0 : She was an amazing professor. She was so nice and is hilarious! I was dreading this class in the beginning because it is not what I am good at, but I loved it in the end!
4.5 : I loved this class. Carolyn is very knowledgeable about the non-fiction world and is always willing to give advice in a straight forward manner. I highly recommend her classes, she's a fair and honest grader, gives 2nd chances on most papers for redos, and is genuinely a nice person.  I wish there were more of her classes. Thanks Carolyn!
5.0 : Great teacher. Inspiring personality.
5.0 : Great professor, I took other class and hat she taught as well.
5.0 : She's a really great professor. Very polite, caring, understanding and knowledgeable. She does use a syllabus however it is subject to change (go with the flow, nothing is completely set in stone). I had personal issues going on and she allowed me to submit two late assignments. As I ended up taking two classes of hers at the same time.
3.0 : Dr. Florence was a sweet heart, I only wish she was more clear with grading and the syllabus. Sometimes, it felt like this class was a joke because of how simple it was to pass. I hoped to have gained a little more insight in urban schools and cultural foundations and race, but did not.
4.5 : Very nice professor. If you need help, go to his office hours. He is so nice and will try to explain things to you. Bob is great - always throwing his marker around. Only did 3 chapters in the book, which was nice, but went into a lot of detail. Much more than I expected for such low level course. His notes are okay. Only 4 homework assignments. A+
5.0 : Mr. Sorenson is a great teacher; he cares about his students and provides plenty of resources for them to succeed. 337 is hard, but I'm SO glad I had it with him, as opposed to one of the other professors who teaches it. If you can, wait to take it with Mr. Sorenson. It's worth it.
5.0 : Great professor! Cares a ton for students and is extremely helpful! Only downside is he does too much handholding sometimes.
4.5 : Great professor.  Pretty funny and loves to throw his markers.   Extremely willing to help and really nice.
3.5 : If you have no experience in programming going into this class, such as myself, be prepared to spend many hours in a computer lab trying to figure out what you are doing for the programs, the good thing is if you have questions ask Robert, and the TAs, they are willing to help and know its most peoples first experience writing code.
5.0 : great guy
4.0 : He is one of the nicest guys you'll ever meet. So I respect him  greatly.  With that said, I was very new to programming, and he's not the best at explaining things so that a newbie will understand. So I struggled through his class. I should have failed, but I got a C. I wish I saw him more after  class hours for help.
5.0 : If you never get a chance to take a class with Bob then you're missing out on life. Even if you're not a CS major pop into one of his lectures sometime and witness his awesome lectures.  Plus he cares a lot about his students, and is willing to help out as need be!
4.5 : Fantastic professor for an introductory class. He explained things simply but it never felt like he was patronizing us. The programs (especially the later ones) will make you work to get them right, but I didn't know a thing about programming before I took his class and I did alright.
5.0 : One of the best comp sci professors
5.0 : Very clear and helpful professor. Was recommended to take his class by friends and I do not regret listening to them. Note: You probably don't need the book for this class. You can pretty much get by with the slides but do note you use the same text for COMP SCI 251. Also, if you can find the international edition, its cheaper and exactly the same.
5.0 : Excellent Professor.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. Does not patronize in lower level classes, thoroughly explains.  Always willing to help.  Has personality during lectures, engages students.  Class is always better when taught by a guy you sincerely like as a person.
5.0 : It's well known that he among the best CS professors here. His courses are entertaining and manageable.
4.0 : Good Professor, Good Curriculum, No complaints
5.0 : He's great
5.0 : He's really nice and slow and cares about his students passing. I personally like his lectures and he's very lenient. There is literally no way to fail unless you choose not to take any effort whatsoever
5.0 : He gives amazing, very detailed and easy-to-understand lectures. He is happy to answer any questions and makes sure everyone understands the information. The textbook is in no way mandatory. There are weekly programs that aren't too difficult. The labs and quizzes are very straightforward. If you have a logical mind, this will be very easy and fun.
5.0 : One of the best instructor/teacher I've ever had. Does a great job of explaining difficult concepts without being boring - which is hard with a computer science course.
5.0 : I really enjoyed CompSci 201/250 with Dr. Sorenson. He was very helpful and clear in lecture. If you get the opportunity to take a course with him, I highly recommend it!
5.0 : Bob is the best prof I've ever had. Makes material accessible to beginners. He goes into a lot of detail &amp; will learn a lot, but won't get far in the book, which is fine. Always free for help &amp; open to questions. The book is helpful for homework assignments. Only 4 testsHW. Not mandatory lectures, but his notes are good so I recommend going.
5.0 : Bob is the best prof at UWM. Makes material accessible to beginners. He goes into a lot of detail &amp; will learn a lot, but won't get far in the book, which is fine. Always free for help &amp; open to questions. The book is helpful for homework assignments. Only 4 testsHW. Not mandatory lectures, but his notes are good so I recommend going.
4.0 : Very nice and funny. Actually engaged students in lecture. Was a bit unclear explaining things in class. Labs could have been more helpful than they were.
5.0 : It's a shame that Bob has share a last name with one of the most hated chemistry professors on campus.  I loved going to lecture for this class, I was guaranteed a laugh from each one; while still learning what I needed to.  If given the opportunity take a class with Bob, you will not be disappointed!
5.0 : Bob was a great professor and his lectures were well taught. This was one of the only classes that always had 100% of my attention. He was also available outside of class to help those who did not quite understand in the lectures. This professor is a must take!
4.0 : Great professor overall, makes coding more enjoyable. Only problem is that he sped through learning the languages and those who weren't familiar with coding languages generally struggled.
4.0 : Paul was a very nice professor and does a good job of making the material easy to understand. There are around 4 assignments per week online but they're not too difficult. Much of the exams are taken from the assignments including a lot of multiple choice from orion. Lectures weren't exactly interesting but they were helpful.
5.0 : I took this class online, and it was fairly easy as long as you read the materials and do the weekly assigned homework.  Since this class was online, there were a lot of homework so be sure to always check the due dates because the tests are online and usually open from Sunday - Monday 11 PM.  However the final is on campus.
5.0 : He is a great professor if I would be in the finance field I definitely would Take more classes with him. Many thumbs up! Exams are tough due to less time but he will make up with an enormous grade.
3.0 : Don't be worried if you still don't understand finance at all. A day in intermediate/investment/institutions and you will already understand it better than a whole semester with Richard Marcus. 350 is all math. But don't worry you'll get a crazy curve.
2.0 : Such a sweet guy but the content is very long and boring. He tends to read off the slides which can make the lecture drag. Massive curve for tests though. Overall, the class wasn't terrible. You do not  need the book so don't waste your money on it!
4.5 : Good teacher and extremely knowledgeable but the course material isn't the most exciting.  Still, business majors will need to take it and you'd be doing yourself a favor by taking it with Marcus.  Short homework assignments are easy points but exams are relatively difficult, though he makes up for that with a massive curve.
4.0 : Took Economics over Winterim with him.  We had daily quizzes that were very short, so if you missed one question you might get a 60%.  He gives examples and stories for almost every concept during lectures, which makes them interesting and relevant.  Grading sometimes easy and sometimes hard.
5.0 : Sweet old man. Professor Marcus takes a pretty boring subject and tries his hardest to make it interesting.  Uses real world examples and plays fun videos to start class sometimes. Do the homework for easy points and the tests are curved. 85% was an A on my last one.
4.5 : I averaged about a 50% on exams and passed with a B-. Massive curve. Do the homework and you'll be set.
4.0 : I would say this class was more difficult if it wasn't for the massive curve. Rich is a great guy, very passionate about finance. I wish he would delve into more examples and match the lectures a little more closely to exams, but his material is still useful. My TA (Olivia) is a great help and supplement to the lecture material as well.
4.0 : EASY! I stopped showing up to lecture after the first day, didn't have a clue what as going on and I still passed. He gives HUGE curves on the exams and also doesn't fail anyone. I definitely would recommend him.
3.0 : Richard Marcus is an average lecturer. He does the minimum amount of effort when it comes to lectures and assigns online homework. I didn't learn much but he curves his exams and I ended up with a good grade with minimal effort.
2.5 : boring, weird lecture, he sings to the class sometimes. But HUGE curve on all exams. Nobody gets lower than a c, even if you got 14 out of 40. So basically, do the homework, which is easy, do the practice exams the tutor gives out, and go to half of the classes, and youll get a B+, I was 2 points from an A and never opened the book.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. He had a great teaching style that really challenged me. He makes it so if you at least try, you get a 'B' on assignments. The readings were manageable and high quality. No busy work. Great discussions and very fair tests with study guides. I learned so much and thanked him at the end of the semester.
5.0 : Awesome teacher, great at what he does.  He teaches you a great amount.  It is an easy course.  You show up and basically half try and you can get a B.  I hardly read the book at all and got a A.
3.5 : He is a great lecturer. Use of clickers in class is not necessary and wastes time. Exams and writing assignments are fairly easy.
5.0 : Amazing professor! I took sociology 101 last semester. He is very knowledgeable and helpful. He uses responseware and the questions he asks during lecture are very similar to those on the test. I look forward to Soc 102 with  him this semester.
4.5 : If you want a teacher that's going to hold your hand through the semester, Prof. Moore is not for you.  Now, if you have an actual vested interest in learning, he's second to none.  He provides depth and clarity in his lectures, as well as the feedback he gives on the in-class assignments.  He expects you to learn the material, not just memorize it
4.0 : Loved this professor.  He is passionate about what he's teaching and assigned very little homework (which is the best). 3 writing assignments that are worth a big chunk of your grade, they're only 2-4 pages long (double spaced) and they're easy. "Clicker questions"  reflect test questions so pay attention!
5.0 : It's clear that he knows the material inside and out, he uses clear and concise powerpoints, encourages and answers questions, and he lectures so well, that you don't even need to read the book, just the assigned articles (of which there aren't many). He uses a clicker, so it's a good idea to show up to class, even if you could pass without.
5.0 : As long as you go to class and read your book, you will do great.
5.0 : As long, as you read your textbook, and study your class notes, you will pass the course. Attendance isn't taken in lectures, but you should go everyday because she sometimes goes beyond the textbook. I suggest everyone to take this course with Lima!! She's helpful, clear, and an excellent instructor!
5.0 : Dr. Lima is overall extremely intelligent and went to some prestigious colleges for her own studies. I really respected her and learned a ton. Also, 2 of the 3 major assignments she allowed me to hand in late, no questions asked, even after the final was over. She really understands students and wants you to succeed.
5.0 : The material covered in this course is difficult and there is no way to really get around that. But Professor Liston is easily one of the best lecturers I have ever had. Each lecture is a comprehensive explanation of the material. His lecture notes are invaluable. I did not purchase the book but just uses the course text on reserve and his notes.
5.0 : Logic 211 is a rly difficult class but if you want to avoid math for your quants requirement, this is the class to take. It's hard but buy the book (its cheap, the hw comes straight from the text), go to lecture, discussions, and take advantage of tutoring and SI! It helps tons. Also he's hot and nice so theres that.
5.0 : Michael made the logic courses real. He has a knack for explanations that other professors in the field lack completely. He is easily accessible, sociable, honest. The advanced and beginning logic courses are difficult. I took these with two other profs earlier and dropped them. With Liston as a professor, I loved the elegant solutions and proofs.
3.0 : Logic 211 is one of the most difficult classes I've ever encountered. The professor is a really nice guy but he is not a great explainer. the class average on exams was in the mid 60's, and this is in a 200 level, 3 credit course. Avoid unless you specifically know you enjoy this kind of material.
5.0 : Professor Liston was a great professor. He was energetic, funny, and clearly did his best to help the people who didn't understand the content. Understand that this is a MATH course, and you will be doing PROOFS, and logical EQUATIONS. It is not your standard philosophy course; there is only 1 right answer for these questions.
5.0 : Hilarious Wonderful Amazing Lectures
5.0 : He is just awesome.  I really enjoyed to be in hist class
5.0 : Not just a good teacher, but a great human being. Homework was 2 book reports but books are middle school level reading, except one of them. There was also a big group presentation that took more than half the semester. Her grading can be a little confusing but the class is worth taking.
5.0 : Great teacher! Very, very sweet and knowledgeable about the subject.  However you have to ask detail questions about what she would like you do on assignments otherwise great teacher and class
4.5 : I absolutely loved the way Professor Wimpee taught. He kept the class engaged no matter the topic and was always open to answering questions in detail. He was always willing to meet with students to talk about exams or things they were having trouble with and stayed after class often to answer any questions. Overall he is a great proffesor!
4.5 : Great professor. Very enthusiastic and honestly just an overall wonderful person to discuss topics about.
5.0 : Dr Wimpee is very passionate about biology, and he clearly really cares about the class. He is very smart and is a great lecturer. If you go to class every time and pay attention, and then study his powerpoints, you'll get an A. He is never condescending and frequently very funny.
5.0 : Great teacher and an even better man.
5.0 : Dr. Wimpee is very passionate in his chosen field, loves student interaction and goes above and beyond for the success of his students. You'd be lucky to have him as an instructor. Currently in his 573 class and plan to take molecular techniques with him next semester as well. Also extremely lucky to do capstone with him.
5.0 : Chuck is the best! He is very passionate and easy to listen to. His exams are the power points. He usually gives you a study guide and is word for word what the exams will cover. If you ever have the opportunity take his classes, I wish I could only have him for the rest of my Bio classes.
3.5 : Professor Wimpee is one jolly old man, and that's fine by me. He lives, breathes, and eats biology. 5 total exams, no final, no drops. lab is 40%( cake walk). All the exams are about 90% from his study guides, all exams are curved about 4-5%, along with a minimum of 3% curve on your final grade. Very juicy, take of his classes.
5.0 : I recommend Dr. Wimpee! The exams were not bad and are entirely based off of his lecture notes. Although he posts his notes online, be sure to attend lecture because he mentions certain things that are not on the notes, but that are on the exam. Be sure to take the lab practical seriously as it requires a lot of memorization, so start early.
4.5 : Professor Wimpee is such a nice and funny guy, along with the other professors for this class. I was taking 3 other labs, so I didn't attend these classes at all, only for test dates. I only used the study guide, DON'T BUY THE BOOK! Could have gotten an A if I had paid a little more attention in lab and attended class. I suggest you do so!
5.0 : This guy gave me a sense of self-worth and confidence to tackle the rest of the hard stuff I needed to graduate.  His very human teaching style made understanding molecular biology easy.  I might have never finished school if it weren't for him.  I wasn't a great student, but in the real world it turns out I do better than most.  Glad I finished.
3.0 : I liked Wimpee because he was funny. He's laid back and gave us lots of supplemental readings that made things much more clear. Unfortunately, I barely went to lecture. Even though I studied EXACTLY off the study guides he gave out, I consistently got C's on the exams. Not where I wanted to be at all, but it wasn't his fault.
5.0 : Best teacher in the entire University, hands down. Extremely invested in his students. Loves what he does and makes you love the material you are learning. Take any class he teaches and you will be better off because of it.
5.0 : Awesome lectures. He's knowledgeable, clear, and funny!
5.0 : Dr. Wimpee is the best professor to grace the Earth, he is so passionate about his field that he makes everything fun and engaging. Yeah, its a 4 hour straight course but there's breaks and he asks if the lecture is too much. Highly recommend any of his courses and himself as an advisor.
5.0 : I love Chuck with every fiber of my being. He is so kind and absolutely loves everything in biology. I chose him as my bio advisor and he's just been fantastic to talk to and work with. If you see a class with him and are interested, please take it. You will not regret the decision.
3.5 : He's a great lecturer and I liked the supplemental readings he posted. However, no matter how much I studied I wasn't doing well on the tests and he didn't help me at all. He just said that the next one should be easier and blah blah blah. I didn't get any help really.
5.0 : Good guy! Exams are a bit difficult so study and attend lecture, he does curve at the end of semester don't panic. He talks about things in lecture that may not be in the slides that will be on the tests. Do well in the lab! Lab is not very difficult as long as you read the power points and do assignments, it is an easy way to bump up your grade.
5.0 : He is a great professor and if you miss a class, you can easily look at his power points and get the notes. His exams are based on the material on the power points so you don't even have to read the chapters.
5.0 : I just finished Dr. Wimpee's Bio 150 course and he has been my favorite professor at UWM. He has a genuine love for science and always supplements the powerpoint lectures with his own knowledge and experiences. Lecture attendance is not mandatory and you could pass by reading the notes on D2L but you would miss what makes his course special.
5.0 : Professor Wimpee is a very intelligent individual. He always comes with a great attitude every lecture and this engages students more. The tests can be tough, but I hear he curves in the end. Lab could be difficult depending on the T.A you get, but as with most science classes with lab, its normalized in the end. Would take his other classes.
5.0 : Awesome prof. Uses stories to explain difficult concepts.  Very bright and engaging.  I loved going to class. Best professor. So far at UWM.
4.0 : Craig provides very good life examples. His exam reviews are awesome and helpful. He uses actual test questions and has the students vote on what the answers are. Very interactive way to review, if you ask me. If you miss a lecture, you better get the notes from someone, because you will be super behind.
5.0 : Craig is very enthusiastic about the material he teaches. He matches the effort that students put into their work. A very genuine professor and caring individual. You will learn lots of valuable life lessons from his lecture, highly recommend.
4.5 : Awesome professor and class was interesting. He does require a lot of books and the reading load is heavy, but it's a good read :) I would definitely recommend this class!
5.0 : Professor Pease is an amazing professor. He was always willing to help you out with the material when you were confused. As long as you dedicate yourself, there's no reason you shouldn't get passing grades on almost every exam. Your grade does rely heavily on the exams but Professor Pease provides you with so many ways to pass the exam.
4.0 : I took this class as a freshman and loved it. His lectures are incredibly interesting and do help for the exams. There are two midterms and a final, so that is honestly your only work load. Would recommend to anyone and would take again! I'm a nursing major, yet loved this course.
3.0 : Professor Pease was a good lecturer but was frequently off topic. His lectures were filled with information but that information was not usually found on the exam. All of his exams were exam based but you were given the possible exam questions a week before the exam. You were given 4 and 2 would show up. You then had one hour to write two exams.
3.0 : I love history but lectures are a joke. I learned more, and the discussions are worth more than the lecture. However perfect attendence and partipation in discussion is not gonna help boost your grades. Plus TA doesnt post grades on d2l. There are 3 tests and all written exams. I got majority Bs and a few As on tests but got a B for the class.
4.0 : Very interesting topic on Greek Mythology. He knows what he is teaching and will answer your questions after class. The only hard part is all the knowledge. You are basically learning an entire religion in a semester, you will be taking notes all class.
5.0 : Dr. Bendiner is the chair of the Art History dept and he is THE reason that you come to UWM to study art history, period! I heard a rumor that my Fall 2013 class was the last that he'll ever teach, which I pray isn't true. This man knows everything there is to know not only about art but about history at large. Funny, witty, sardonic. THE best!
5.0 : Wonderful instructor, always has something interesting to discuss prior to commencing class.
5.0 : Katie is a very kind professor. Yes, there are a lot of writing assignments but she only does it for us to become better writters.
4.0 : Katie was very nice in class and made me become a better writer. But going to her feedback sessions were rough- she would tell everyone their paper sucked and that they were awful writers(I'm not making this up). I'm happy that I became a better writer but now I'm so terrified to write for other classes because I think I'm awful because of her.
4.5 : Was great at explaining what she wanted, but also expected a little to much out of a six week summer semester
5.0 : Class was tough, but she's really helpful! She was an awesome instructor. Even though I HATE research papers, she was one of my favorite teachers. Go to office hours and listen to her guidance, it helps!
2.5 : Basically the entire class is doing your research paper. Her feedback is frustrating and seems never ending. If you're not on topic, she will call you out and make you lead the discussion. Nice person, tough teacher.
5.0 : English 102 is a tough class for a non-writer. There is a lot of homework, that takes a lot of time. Showing up for class is important, but Katie makes it go by fast. She is down to earth and very helpful. I hate English and research papers, but having Katie as a teacher was the only thing that made it bearable!!
4.5 : The class consists of bringing a one to two page paper to class for the first half of the semester and then it is full speed ahead on research, construction, and critiquing of your own and others research papers. And the paper is based on a point of inquiry or a question, not informative based.
4.5 : Katie wants everyone to do well. She's super nice. Use her office hours to get help with the paper.
5.0 : She's awesome!
4.5 : Joette was the first professor that really sparked my interest in my intended major. She is helpful and extremely knowledgeable. I would go out of my way to take a class with her if it is offered.
3.0 : She rarely finishes her sentences and interrupts herself constantly so it can be hard to follow her in lecture. Her TAs are the only people you interact with and mine was also guilty of not finishing her sentences. The quizzes are easy. Its 50/50 or 60/40 from the textbook and lecture so you really need to go to class and have the both.
5.0 : I love her! I've taken 207 and 505 with her. I plan on taking another class with her in the fall. She really does care about you. If theres a problem talk to her and she will work with you! If you put effort, you will do fine. Attending class is mandatory! Grading rubric, you follow it and should get a good grade she lays out everything!
1.0 : Interesting course, terrible professor. Just terrible.
5.0 : Joette is one of my favorite professors. She's very nice and makes lectures pretty interesting. You can tell she cares for her students and is willing to help you with anything you have questions on. I would take this lecture again, overall I enjoyed it.
5.0 : Joette Rockow is one professor that really cares for her students if you let her in. I had trouble with another professor being wildly inappropriate, and she was right there behind me to help me out. She's such a compassionate and kind human being.
5.0 : This man is truly one of the best professors on this campus. It was such an easy and relaxing class. I need him to teach all of my courses.
5.0 : Wow. So easy. So informative. You give three 30-minute presentations all semester and listen to your class-mates presentations the other days. Once a week. Fun, interesting, easy.  1010
1.5 : My first math course in my college career was horrible due to this teacher's teaching. He went through all the topics very quickly and did not cover them in the amount of detail required in my opinion. Also the last part of the semester was rushed significantly. Overall, don't take a course with him as the teacher.
2.5 : He was a good person, but nothing he taught stuck. I didn't mind his lectures, but I noticed I drifted in and out. I have never gotten anything lower than an A in math before, I did well on my placement test and I decided to take math (it was not necessary for me) and I didn't even pass.
5.0 : I have just recently started taking him for Math 231 (Calc 1). Thus far he has been extremely thorough and a great teacher. His teaching is not scattered brain but clear and straight forward. He is understanding and so far has really tried hard to ensure everyone succeeds in his class. Highly recommend taking him!
4.5 : Stephen is a great professor.  Very clear in lectures and explains concepts well.  He is always happy to help during office hours.  People need to understand that this is a college level math class designed to prepare students for calculus. Don't expect an easy A even if you have done well in previous math classes.
5.0 : My prior professor ruined math for me. Mr. Augustine restored my love for math. He is the reason I'm taking calculus. He took the time to rebuild our concepts of math in ways that made sense.
5.0 : Clear explanations with course text and lecturer
3.0 : Mr. Augustine is a pretty good math professor. He gives you the basic material to be successful in this course. You do have to work a lot outside of class to be able to fully grasp the material, but that is expected with any math course. The class I took was a 2-credit course, but the workload I put in was more like a 4-credit, due to material.
3.5 : He was a good teacher who made sure you knew the material before he gave the test  quizzes
5.0 : makes math easy to understand. He is very helpful.
2.5 : Sally is a very sweet lady but I would not ever take a class from her again. I dreaded going to class  because they were so long and boring... She would tell stories about her life but I never felt like I  learned anything from the class. I don't like that nothing was on D2L and she was impossible to reach via e-mail.
4.5 : Sally is awesome. Presentations and writing assignments are informal. Any writing that needs to be done, she doesn't grade it technically so you don't need to worry about APA citation formatting or anything. She teaches by telling stories. Show up, use the notes she provides &amp; use the study guides she provides. No excuse to not get an 'A'.
5.0 : I have not taken any of his classes but as per administrative works regrading enrolling into courses or other queries he will support you and answer all the questions with patience. He is one of the most respected and most knowledgeable professor in Computer science department.
5.0 : Boyland is the best professor in the major. This course is extremely difficult but manageable if you take the time to study and learn. Do not go into this class expecting to pass with low effort. Programs easily take 10-15 hours each week.
5.0 : Really a great professor.  You will work a TON in this class.  Hours and hours.  I had no life for the duration of the course.  But he really takes the time to explain everything and you will learn a lot.  He's very nice too, and cares enough to learn your name despite being in a huge lecture hall.
3.5 : He is very very nice and kind Professor except his demands or requirements upon students.
5.0 : Great professor! You will learn "a lot" from his courses. They are incredibly difficult and thorough but well worth it.  One of the few respectable professors at UWM who actually enjoys teaching. B+ is considered a commendable grade in  his courses.  Your programming skills will improve upon passing any of his classes.  Also, a fun guy to talk to.
4.5 : You will learn a lot by implementing a lot. Expect many assignments, be ready to learn!
5.0 : Very passionate about the subject matter. Can be a little goofy, but his lectures are genuinely entertaining. Lots of live coding and exploring what each language studied does with various syntax. Definitely read the textbook, too! His lectures don't cover everything, but rather expand on the most important.
5.0 : CS351 is a difficult class, there's no doubt about that; however, Dr. Boyland is a great lecturer and really cares about the success of his students. He is very knowledgeable and approachable. I'd highly recommend starting the programs early (takes 10-15 hours each week or more), finding a group to work with, and going to his office hours!
4.0 : John conveys difficult topics with incredible clarity. His goal by the end of the semester is to "make himself useless" to us. His group of TAs was very strong as well and quick with helpfeedback.
1.0 : Don't ever think to take any of his classes. OK, he is an excellent professor of teaching but has some flaws that offend his reputation, which is a passion for charging students and suspecting their actions. For example, when he found two or more students use same variable name or any in their code, then they will get F for whole course right away.
2.5 : Mr. Boyland knows the material but is not organized in the way he teaches.  He expects students to read the book to learn the majority of the concepts and just teaches examples in class, expecting that you know everything just from the book. Assignments are difficult and many times unclear (even the TAs didn't understand them). Also, no curve.
5.0 : Dr. Boyland was an excellent professor and I felt throughout the course he was able to effectively teach the material. The downsides of Dr. Boyland is that he's too ambitious with his students. 70% of the time is spent googling answers for over the top difficult assignments. 20% is spent not understanding what you're coding. 10% actual learning.
4.0 : Boyland is great. Exceptional effort at replying to emails. Only beef I had was the lack of description in the homework documents. The homeworks can get very long because they can be confusing, and there's very minimal resources other than book and youtube. Start projects early and use video tutorials for help with most algorithms.
5.0 : If you're taking 351 with Boyland, strap in for the ride of your life. He will make you work for every grade point you receive, and you'll likely end each week cussing out your PC as you fail JUnit test after JUnit test, but you will learn so much! He considers a C perfectly fine for the course, and I felt lucky to get a B+.
4.0 : Funny guy, has a lot of good stories to tell. He will probably spend about 10 to 15 minutes every class talking about his life (which is very interesting by the way). The course is very hard to begin with and he doesn't make it much easier. Picks good test problems (easy ones) but only does examples in class. Doesn't take time to teach the material
4.0 : Larry is a great calculus prof - he knows the theory / applications of math well and is great at explaining the abstract aspects of calculus and the methods of problem solving. He includes a lot of engineering-isms, so be ready for that. I'd HIGHLY suggest doing most of the assigned homework. Tests difficult, but he gives plenty  of partial credit.
4.5 : Larry is one of my favorite math professors he explains the material really, and he can draw most 3-D functions quite nicely. He gives extra credit on tests and quizzes and he takes the dullness off of regular math class with occasional jokes. He also likes to talk about real world applications of what we're learning, which I loved hearing about.
1.5 : Restricts his lectures to doing example problems without much explanation. When students have questions on the optional homework problems, he usually will not know how to do them or will spend 45 minutes trying to figure them out. Also will spend the majority of the lecture standing directly in front of the board so no one can see or take notes.
2.0 : I didn't like his teaching style.  Goes far to in-depth in theory and gets off topic a lot.  We were really behind all semester and then went really fast at the end.
4.5 : lots of problems to practice on
5.0 : Larry is probably my favorite prof at UWM, he is very good at articulating the theories with plenty of example problems. He gives lots of relevant examples in the real world for the uses of calculus. Would highly recommend! Also a quirky guy that laughs a lot at his own jokes! Great Guy!
5.0 : Favorite math professor here in my opinion by far!
4.0 : good class, teacher is awesome too. fun guy
5.0 : I had him for Police Process.  In my opinion a good criminal justice professor needs to have lots of field experience.  Professor Brandl has plenty of that as an officer and a fed.  Very interesting and smart.  Very nice too.  Highly recommended!
5.0 : Very easy going, attendance not required but he does not put lectures on D2L. 3 tests, no homework. Go to class and you will learn valuable info. His new textbook is actually not a bad read either.
5.0 : Accounting isn't fun to a lot of people. However, Konkol got me to actually enjoy accounting. If you are required to take an accounting class, I'd definitely recommend him.
4.5 : Prof Konkol is great, probably my favorite professor so far. He's always got great stories from back in the day, and you can tell he is very good at what he does. The class itself is a bit difficult. If you don't pay attention/study exams will be rough. Never a dull moment with Chuck, MUST TAKE if you're in accounting
5.0 : I am majoring in accounting about to take intermediate with fischer.  Thought Konkol was the best professor I have ever had.  Does a really good job of connecting concepts to his real life experience.  Exams are very fair and not bad if you put in the work to prepare for them.  A little time consuming but he was a joy to be around.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class. Chuck made lectures entertaining. I'd say exams were 90% from lecture, and 10% from the text. Lots of real world examples.
4.0 : I always loved listening to Chuck's stories. His clear success in accounting was a nice reminder that he was eligible to be teaching this class. Everything is really organized and clear as day. Highly recommend TA Carly.
5.0 : Great class
5.0 : This may be a bit dated, but I had Chuck for Intro to Accounting as a Freshman in the early 90's. His lectures are what got me interested in accounting, and more specifically tax. I have been a practicing tax accountant in public accounting for the last 20+ years and am currently a Big 4 Tax Partner. Thanks for the inspiration Chuck!
4.0 : Chuck tries his best to explain things with life examples but overall it is extremely hard material. Must go to discussions as they really help and are required. Tests are long and hard, 45 extra credit opportunity points, tons of online homework.
5.0 : Professor Konkol is a great professor who truly cares about the topic he is teaching, he always comes to class prepared, and is able to relate the material to his real life experiences. Truly a good professor with tons of background knowledge about accounting.
4.0 : Best professor I've had at UWM, extremely engaging and knowledgeable. Quite funny as well.
3.5 : Class was hard and there was A TON of homework. You MUST do all the homework to even give yourself a chance to do well in this course. Discussions are more helpful then lecture I had Matt as a TA he was super helpful try and get him if you can but I think it might be his last semester teaching.
5.0 : Chuck is one of the most knowledgeable professors i have met. He relates subject matter to real world experiences, and has a lot of good stories that you will probably tell your friends about too. As long as you come to class, do the online weekly assignments, and go to exam review, you should pass. Accounting isnt easy but Chuck really helps out.
5.0 : Best Professor in Accounting Department!
5.0 : Prof Konkol was awesome. I really enjoyed going to the lectures and listening to his real-life stories. He gives hints to questions on the exams the lecture before so be sure to attend. Even though he is funny the class takes a lot of work. Use both the TA's and the PASS study guides for exams and you should do well.
2.0 : Chuck doesn't care about the students in his class. He shows up for lecture and brags about how successful he is and how much money he makes. Encourages students not to come to office hours and direct all questions to your discussion TA. Chuck doesn't lecture the class period before the exam and it isn't worth his time to come to the exam.
5.0 : I like him a lot. Very useful class, and he's clearly doing his best to simplify it as much as he can. Tests are certainly hard and time consuming, but just study every day and you'll be fine. Basic accounting isn't that complicated, the problem is overthinking it. He and the TAs are merciful if they can tell you put in the work. Thank god.
3.0 : Failed with him because he was hard to follow, retook it in the summer with someone else and passed with a  B.
3.0 : Konkol has obviously done well for him self and understands accounting, but relaying that information is not his strong suit by any means. He stops continuously to tell meaningless stories and rarely goes through examples that will be beneficial for homework and exams. Truly, the lectures are rarely beneficial- consists of mostly policies and terms
4.0 : Professor Konkol made accounting not such a horrible class to go to. He's funny and told goos stories and really knew what he was talking about. The tests were difficult but there was extra credit offered, and going to class definitely helped me understand the material better. He made it an entertaining class, and I hated accounting.
4.0 : It is easy to tell that Konkol knows his stuff. He is a funny and really nice guy. The lectures definitely help with better understanding the material. There is a lot of WileyPlus Homework. But he offers up to 2 points extra credit every week, and more throughout the class. The tests are pretty tough. Def. have to study. But Konkol is a good guy!
4.0 : He loves accounting, speaks highly of the profession and doesn't pull any punches when it comes to what GAAP asks for and what makes sense.  He may tell you GAAP has a dumb rule, but its just one of those things you deal with.  Has good stories and makes real life examples to make a boring subject interesting.
3.0 : Grade was based on 3 tests and homework. Stopped going to lecture as konkol posted the powerpoints online and usually spent lecture telling kinda irrelevant stories. Tests were hard. Discussions were helpful. I was able to get an A by practicing homework problems and discussion problems. Do that. It is a better use of time than lecture.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Real life examples and story telling instead on just boring powerpoints. A class that actually lets you learn about the real work life. Charles is a UW-Madison type professor. Not many of them here at Milwaukee. Study for the tests!
2.0 : Hardly used the book. Ka7ib. LOTS of homework. exams are tough. Discussions are more important than lectures
1.0 : Would not recommend taking. Shows up to class.. starts discussion and literally goes off on random story tangents left and right. Its another example of a class that needs more examples and less explaining. I don't know how he has such a high score, seriously. Good luck figuring out how to do most of it.. his lectures go right over your head.
4.0 : This class is graded on online homework, discussion attendance, and 3 exams. Lecture isn't necessary. The curve will bring up each exam score one letter grade. So even if you suck at accounting, if you get a D without the curve on every exam, go to discussion, do well on the online homework, and do all of the extra credit you can get a B.
5.0 : Prof. Konkol was very organized. He has his own CPA firm so he gives real life examples to make the material applicable which was very helpful. The class is tough, it's a lot of info, so stay on top of the assignments and come to class; the TA's hold great test review sessions, GO TO THEM! Extra credit available too, homework is all online.
5.0 : Prof. Meadows provides a comprehensive syllabus for course. Order the text early, take your time when reading the material, and ask questions when you dont understand! Try not to fall behind. Khan Academy videos are tremendously helpful. Use Chegg flashcards app if that helps you retain. Read, study, and engage in the course and youll get an A.
5.0 : His online class is one of the first classes I've taken in years. I am so glad I took his class first. He makes expectations clear and quizzes can be taken more than once to get your desired grade. It seems like a lot of work but I only have one other class to compare it to. Would definitely take another class from him!
4.5 : Online was very easy. If you emailed him, he emailed right back and was always willing to help. Weekly quizzes, chapter assignments, and discussion posts. Do the work and you'll get a good grade. You can take the quizzes as many times as you want. Only two exams; mid term and final.
3.5 : If you are taking this class online, you MUST put a lot of effort in to get a decent grade. There's weekly assignments due every Sunday and a discussion every week. Theres a quiz for every chapter but he pulls them straight off online so Google's your friend for this class. The 2 exams were pretty tough, but do good in everything else &amp; you're good
3.0 : Online class consisted of weekly quizzes, d2L discussion board posts, weekly written/short answer assignments, and 2 exams. Aside from the multiple choice quizzes (you can retake these as many times as you want until you earn the grade you want), everything was short answer questions. Exams (especially the final) are very difficult and closed book.
4.0 : Costello is a fantastic professor, but highly liberal, so if you're a strong right-winger, I don't advise taking any courses with him. Extremely passionate about his subject area and funny lecturer. I'm taking another class with him this upcoming semester. My favorite professor yet at UWM.
4.0 : Course was pretty interesting, so it wasn't hard to follow in that sense. Lectures could get a little boring but for the most part I'd recommend going. If not, memorize the notes (he posts them online). Never once opened my textbook and still did great in the class. Go to every discussion!!
4.0 : He was very entertaining and very knowledgeable in what he talks about. Always keeps topics relatable to the audience. Would highly recommend this class to anyone who love sociology and loves to talk about history also! There's a lot of papers, but they're short so it isn't a hassle.
4.0 : Cary is super sincere and will give you a lot of timehelp if you request it. He's got an odd sense of humor, but regardless he's amusing and entertaining. Class is never boring, the films we watched were super interesting. Your grade is 6 papers (1 is extra cred), a midterm, a final (curved), attendance, and a TA meeting. Thats it! I'd recommend
4.5 : Costello is an amazing professor. He is very passionate about what he teaches and the information is also super interesting. He DOESN'T make me want to fall asleep, but keeps me engaged throughout lecture. Definitely go to lectures, read on your own, and you will pass with an A.
3.0 : He is a good teacher and he makes class interesting. But he has a bad grading system. He wants the class average to be a B. I scored 204 points out of 225, which is normally a 90%, but under his grading system, I only received a solid B.
5.0 : Professor Costello is great! He makes lectures fun. For people like myself whove had quite a few lecture classes, you know thats rare. I actually look forward to class. The material is interesting, he gives GREAT examples, provides the lecture slides beforehand so you can look at them before class and take notes ON them. Hes so passionate!
2.0 : He's boring, to put it quite simple. He reads the slides 90% of the time and barely makes them interesting. No real reason to show up because he posts these slide review pieces on D2L. It's an interesting class but he is sooooo boring. I'm writing this during the class. That's how boring he is.
5.0 : Prof. Costello is one of my favorite professors! He does such a great job of making lecture interesting. Lecture material is directly correlated with exams! Would take again and again.
3.0 : Funny guy who makes lectures entertaining. He is always jolly and tries to get students involved. Personally I did not care for the class topic, so I was not fond of this class. But his exams are pretty simple as long as you attend lectures and have an idea of whats going on.
4.0 : Seemingly small writing assignments are the majority of the grade.  Nancy was available during her office hours to help edit assignments.  Lots of rambling and casual class discussion, make sure to study the Guffey text.
2.0 : Nancy seemed off the whole semester, this could have t been a bad time for her personally. I learned nothing in this class. Luckily I had knowledge of technical documents before the class, those who didn't struggled. I bought 4 books for this class and didn't use all of them. She is a nice lady, but needs to be more organized and grade faster.
1.5 : I was in Nancy's London study abroad program. If you can, avoid her classes. She's gave a lot of unnecessary busy work for all of her classes (piled up if you were in more than 1 of her classes). Don't expect to do well if you don't give her the answers she is looking for or if your opinions differ from hers. I really grew to dislike her.
5.0 : Nancy is truly a one-of-a-kind Professor that really knows what she is doing. She lectures well, because I was almost never bored in class. She assigns homework and there are a few group projects, but none of them were overwhelming. She cares and is always willing to help and guide you on the right path during class and her office hours.
4.0 : Nancy is awesome. Always available for extra help. A few group projects, but they're all pretty easy. Gets off track telling stories, but all in all, a great person and professor.
5.0 : I am currently taking Nancy's Business writing class and it's awesome. We learn real-world stuff right away and don't use the textbook too often unless it's for homework. Nancy makes the work fun and she always has a story to tell. Class is never boring with her. Wish she taught more classes that I needed because I would definitely have her again!
5.0 : Awesome professor. Easy going but learned a ton. She made it very fun. Never missed a class.
5.0 : Nancy is a great professor who is insanely passionate about what she teaches. She is always available for help and she truly wants each and every student to be the best they can be. I learned so much from this class
2.0 : Nancy is very nice and seems like she probably cares. However she is one of those professors that believes they have one of the toughest jobs in the world. She spent more time talking about how much work she had to do then anything other subject. I sent multiple emails that were important to me and never got one response. Disappointed.
5.0 : Nancy is a great teacher; I found myself mildly entertained in all classes (never overly bored)  The quizzes are easy, didn't study once and got an A or B on all of them.  She drops the lowest HW and quiz at the end.  There are assignments but they are not overwhelming.  I would take her again in a heartbeat. 1 Complaint:  Too many group projects.
4.5 : The class itself is fairly easy. Buy the guffey book but not the business writer's handbook. Make sure to read the book even though it's boring. Nancy will proofread any assignments if you go to her office hours. Put it the effort and you'll get an Easy A. There's a few group projects but they aren't bad if you make time to meet with your group.
4.5 : Jay is a very tough professor but wants you to be successful. He is always willing to help you out with questions and won't let you fail if you ask for help. Sometimes I would email him with questions and he would respond and check up after the response to make sure I figured out the problem. I would recommend if you're willing to put in the work.
3.0 : I really like him, however he is on the older side and may be a little slower than your current professors. That being said, he is an awesome teacher, he knows his stuff, and basically gives you the exam questions ahead of time.
4.0 : Really great teacher,
5.0 : He really is a great teacher who helps you and won't set up for failure or stress you out like most teachers would.
5.0 : Holly is by far one of the best professors I've had in my college career. She certainly doesn't give easy As, but as long as you attend class and read the material, you'll do well. If you get the chance to take one of her classes, jump on it!
4.5 : Holly is one of the best English teachers I have ever had--and probably the best teacher I ever had at UWM.  She transformed the way I view languageand as a future English teacher, that's one of the highest compliments I could pay a teacher.  She is extremely entertaining AND she makes you think.
5.0 : Cashin is the best professor I have had so far at UWM. She cares about  her students and acts like a normal human being. She is a big packer fan so she uses a lot of sports examples for problems in class. Overall the class isn't the easiest, but she makes it clear to students.
5.0 : STUDY her ppts for exams, ex. done IN-CLASS &amp; understand the material. Did fine w/o the book or practice problems she suggests (frm book). Exam math portion is easy if you know your stuff, but understanding the diff. kinds of tests &amp; under what circumstance are they used is important, esp for multiple choice portion. this is a class you CANNOT BS!
2.5 : I wouldn't recommend taking this class with her if you have little background in stats. She assumes the class knows more than they actually do, so she tends to skip many steps when doing problems. She won't take responsibility for the class doing poorly (My class had a 62 average for exam 1 and said "it wasn't her fault")
4.0 : For such a lame topic, she explains concepts in detail and welcomes questions. You get a chill/helpful "Mom Vibe" while she lectures.
5.0 : She is very clear when explaining questions in class, and cares if students are actually learning. She is helpful and when there is clearly a problem fixes it fairly for students. She also is refreshing and easy to pay attention to. Classes are important to attend :)
5.0 : She is very clear when explaining questions in class, and cares if students are actually learning. She is helpful and when there is clearly a problem fixes it fairly for students.
1.0 : She told me that college isnt for me and that I will never get a degree, all because I was habitually late by 5 minutes, which she considered to be absent for class. I work full time and was trying to get degree. She was very condescending and ruined my self esteem.
5.0 : She is very straightforward with what you need to know. Just study for the exams and attend all the lectures.
3.0 : This class was informative, but extremely hard to pay attention in because he jumps around on subjects constantly. Other than that, it was fine.
4.5 : Dr. Noonan is a very sweet person and an effective teacher.  He often included extraneous music history info into our Baroque history class, and this turned out to be helpful for remembering things from history survey! Lectures are all spoken; no Powerpoint.
5.0 : He was an awesome teacher! His subtle humor was great and I enjoyed his teaching very much. I learned what was needed and always knew what would be on the exams.
4.5 : Loved this class. Requires critical thinking and sincere class participation. You can tell Mr. Clark really enjoys teaching and opening students eyes to all sorts of new literature. Get ready to put your thinking cap on!
2.0 : Professor Clark comes off as a nice guy, in a class that is relatively easy to manage, but don't actually be a decent writer or else he will show a bit of envy. The class often had a competitive vibe as students workshop their own stories, and if you are a person of color and a good writer you will not be treated as an afterthought.
5.0 : Mark treats his students as if we were his peers in a newsroom. This class is amazing and practical, especially for future news producers. This class is difficult but really fun. There is a lot of comradery amongst classmates. The final exam is a pizza party
5.0 : He's a genuinely nice guy and he knows a lot about the subject. If there is an issue, or a family emergency, he will help you out and inform you of what you missed and what needs to be done. His tests are a lot of True/False but the MC is easy.
5.0 : Such an easy class. It is interesting if you are interested in the topic. It's almost impossible to fail, he is very clear and goes over topics until everyone can understand.
5.0 : Mark is amazing and really cares about his students. He has a lot of connections in broadcast journalism and is more than willing to help you out in class and with internships and jobs. 1010. So funny. AMAZING
5.0 : He is an awesome teacher. Loved his theme he had. Mainly watched some Disney movies that connected with course reading. Very helpful and would not fail you if you put effort into the class!
5.0 : Best teacher ever. He has passion in his teaching. As long as you meet him up on his office hours and get feedback, you'll pass. I got an A even though I'm an itnl student.
5.0 : Set a theme with our class and it helped out SO MUCH. Such an understanding and helpful teacher. He will give you the tools needed to pass English 102.
4.0 : Brian Marks is a great professor. He really tries to interact with every student and help them. I enjoyed his class and would definitely recommend him. He really has a great way of viewing the things he talks about and is passionate about what he teaches.
4.5 : Wrting the long research paper sucks especially if you aren't interested in the theme. But Brian is a fantastic teacher who does everything in his power to help you. The smaller assignments are pretty easy and he collects them only 2 or 3 times throughout the semester.
4.5 : Brian (as he wanted us to call him) was potentially one of the best English teachers I have ever had. Although his course did require a lot of reading in the beginning of the semester, the second half was strictly dedicated to the portfolio. He was extremely helpful with any confusion we had, and never failed to keep class interesting.
4.5 : Brian is a professor that does everything he can to help you out in passing the final portfolio. But, his classes do get to be a little long. While he is a very good listener, he does get off task easily and rambles on a lot about stuff. But, he was very easy to talk to and is extremely helpful.. even if that means you have to listen to a story.
1.0 : Brian was approachable and meant well, but his help never actually made any of my work much better. Oftentimes his suggestions did not align with what my paper was about, and were more about his own beliefs, which I had a big problem with. Unless you're looking for a pretentious teacher who wants to write vicariously through you, I do not recommend
5.0 : Mr. Marks was great. I HIGHLY recommend choosing his English 102 class. Even on days that I came to class tired and unmotivated he would make class exciting. He not only teaches you how to write well through revision and analysis, but to think critically and creatively. If you have trouble on any assignment he is extremely helpful to meet with.
4.0 : Brian is probably one of the best teacher for Eng 102. He is very easy to talk to and gives good feedback on the research paper. He wants everyone to pass portfolio so he even extended the deadline. Very nice and sweet. Maybe too nice. :)
5.0 : I loved Brian! He was an amazing teacher and really helped me pass 102. My paper started off awful and he took time out of his schedule to help me. Also he is the sweetest guy you will ever meet. Its hard not to like him. One of my favorite teachers.
5.0 : Brian was amazing. He took time out of his schedule when I needed his help on my portfolio. We got a week off of class to work on our portfolio just like most of the other classes but he was willing to meet outside of his office hours and the week off. He was a teacher that was devoted to his students excellence and actually passing the portfolio.
5.0 : Attendance was graded but it was low-effort. Most of your grade is based on the homework assignments and papers. Brian was very passionate and made the class interesting. It was clear that he wanted us all to do well and answered every question we had. I would recommend any class that he teaches!
5.0 : Really great, had him for an honors class (I guess it's the only one he's done so far) called Secret Societies To Snapchat: Concealment In The Modern Era. We were all first-timers at honors college so he was very forgiving in our hesitation to speak up in seminar. He's a fair grader and always willing to help.
4.5 : I think everyone can agree that English 102 is not exactly fun to take but he does his best to make it interesting. As long as you keep up with the workdrafts he is willing to go above and beyond to give feedback and help with your research paper. Don''t be afraid to ask him questions because he is usually excited to help and get involved.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors EVER!  I had Brian for English 102 and I think I wrote the best paper of my life.  He was really helpful, but you need to make sure to go into his office hours.  If you need help finding sources he is always there to help.
5.0 : Brian is an awesome teacher! He's adorable and he makes class so much fun. He's so helpful and understanding that we have lives outside of school. 10/10
4.0 : Brian is a really good teacher. I took him as a freshman for a first year seminar. He gives really good feedback and is willing to work with you outside of class.
3.0 : Mr. Marks or Brian as he likes to be called was a stand-up guy. I wouldn't say I learned a bunch in his class but he is one of the nicest guys I've ever met. Only had to write 2 papers in an English class for the whole semester. Willing to help outside of class and always emails back very specific and helpful responses. Would take him again.
5.0 : Such an amazing teacher, tells great stories about his childhood and past. Great class to take if you want to improve writing skills. Give excellent feedback and the books you read are great!
3.0 : Brian was always accessible. But, he gave me specific feedback on my papers after going in to office hours and I still didnt get above a B- on any papers. Wish he had more opportunities for grades but all we did was papers. Also, the whole fairy tale theme did not help when It came to the research paper. Wouldnt take again
4.5 : Dr. Maillet gives engaging lectures with tons of stories from her own experiences a Social Worker. If you are looking to find out what a career in social work looks like, this is a great class. She is also very kind and loves to engage the class and find out what they think about all of the topics. Loved the class.
5.0 : Dr. Maillet is an excellent professor who uses her past experiences to build a great foundation for future social workers.   She is the perfect person to teach social worker/client interactions and has great life experiences she shares with the class.
3.0 : The class itself was not difficult, however, there is work involved including a research paper.  You have to volunteer for typically a 2-month period at an organization and if you work full time &amp; go to school full time like myself, be ready to be less than enthused about it.  The course was fine, but it is not a "show up and pass" class.
5.0 : Professor Maillet is a fantastic teacher! She is very knowledgeable about the subject and uses her past experiences to help you learn. The class isn't hard, just pay attention and participate. There is, however, a service learning component to the course so expect that when choosing your classes. But this is a mandatory course for social work.
3.5 : She is very engaging and knowledgeable about social work. No tricks on tests, either. I would take her again.
4.0 : She is interesting and has a lot of good things to say.  She doesn't really get into the nitty-gritty, but it's a level 100 class.  Her work load is pretty low and this class should be good for mot people as long as they can to the volunteer hours associated with it.
5.0 : David's graphic memoir class was fantastic. He gives tons of feedback on papers -- allowing you to improve your writing skills significantly over the course of the semester. He's extremely approachable and insightful, even giving you the opportunity to talk to him one on one after turning in a paper.
5.0 : I took his study abroad class in the UK. He was incredibly dedicated, caring, and helpful. If you do your part and study and do the readings, you will be fine.
5.0 : Southward is an amazing professor. I took his graphic memoir class and it was my first honors class at the University. He grades very fairly--essays are turned in to him and he grades them, edits them, and if you receive an A or A- you don't have to do any revisions. Below that, revisions are necessary then turned back in for a combined grade.
5.0 : David is truly fantastic. I cannot recommend taking him enough. He is extremely insightful in discussions and encourages each student to speak their mind. I'm not usually one to participate that often in lectures but he really brings out the best in each of his students. Favorite professor at UWM. Very approachable
4.0 : This was my very first class at UWM, and coming from a very Christian background, I was concerned about any ridicule I would receive. However, David was extremely respectful of my faith I expressed in a project He's very good at paper feedback and he grades fairly I respect him very much so Books were weird but interesting(graphic memoir class)
5.0 : Jim is very clear on what he expects and outlines everything you need to do to be successful in this class. This is a beginner business programming class, like all programming languages they are hard to learn. As long as you do the projects and take them seriously you will do fine in the course. Do not wait last minute to do projects.
5.0 : Mr Kasum was very helpful teacher , the course itself was a bit hard but he tries his best to help out and explain more if needed.
4.5 : The guy knows what he's doing. It's a tough subject matter but if you attend the labs you will basically get all of it. He urges you not to wait until the last minute, which is valid because all the coding projects are tough. He's there to help, esp on the weeks that the projects are due. He checks his emails late if you need him
4.5 : Amazing teacher , very helpful and easy to reach out to :) Good luck
5.0 : He is always there for you. He is very compassionate. You never feel any burden he makes it very easy
3.0 : Great, caring, and kind, professor that loves his job and cares about his students.
5.0 : Probably the nicest man on this planet! Professor Kasum makes Visual Basic seem super easy. He is very clear and precise with his speech in Class and Labs, and explains difficult concepts with relative ease! You can see how compassionate he is for the what he teaches. He's kind, caring, approachable and easily accessible. The best professor ever!
5.0 : Absolutely loved having Lydia as a professor last semester. She may make you work for your grade but she gives amazing feedback and will look over your papers multiple times before you hand them in.  Her class is comprised of group discussion and short, information-packed lectures that are so mentally stimulating that you'll never wanna miss class.
3.5 : While Lydia may have high expectations of you, you can rest assured knowing that if you do the work and come to class she will happily help you achieve a passing grade
4.5 : I took Lydia's Honors 200 Is God Dead? course. If you like intellectually challenging stuff pertaining to religion, this course is for you. She helped me so much with my writing and she is a freaking genius... crazy intimidating  though. Come to class prepared (annotate your readings!), be ready to discuss, and USE THE 24 HOUR BOX FOR YOUR PAPERS.
5.0 : Lydia is a very interesting and engaging professor. At first she seems intimidating but once the course gets going, she is really funny, friendly, and understanding. She is VERY knowledgeable. Her course "Is God Dead?" is definitely worth taking.
4.5 : Miss the lectures then you miss the test content. He usually goes over everything about the tests in class. Super clear and easy to approach/ask questions.
4.5 : He is a younger professor and can relate to the moderate age of college teens, this makes his classes enjoyable and easy to grasp.
4.5 : Scott Adams is really a great professor. He is funny when appropriate. He speaks clearly when lecturing and is sure to provide plenty of examples and explain things a variety of ways to ensure you understand the material. I highly recommend taking any class he teaches.
5.0 : Professor Adams is one of the best professors so far! GO TO CLASS. He literally gives you the questions he's going to have on the exams. Sometimes he gives 10-12 questions, but you never know when he's going to give them so go to every class. Discussion helps with topics that may seem unclear. Exams are VERY easy if you go to lecture and study.
5.0 : AWESOME!!!!!!!I LIKE HIM !!!!!
4.0 : Go to class and don't buy the book. He covers everything in lecture. 3 exams and some points for going to discussion. The class is pretty easy but be sure to study, especially for the final!
5.0 : I'm currently in Professor Adams' Econ 310 class. He teaches us about research methods through clear explanations and real life studies. He's funny and makes the class interesting. The class is graded by two exams and 4 assignments, but one is dropped. I got an A on the midterm by attending class and studying a few hours. Overall a great professor.
5.0 : Gives you everything you need for each exam. Literally. He will tell you the questions throughout each lecture and during the review the class before the exam. Also told us not to buy the book; score.
4.0 : Scott was a great professor. He was pretty funny too. He makes understanding economics very straight forward and easy to follow. Tests are exactly what is covered in class, no curve balls or anything like that. I wish he taught econ 104 as well.
4.5 : Super hilarious as well as great at  making students feel awake and into the subject. We were told not to buy a book for the class, which was of course, awesome, so you basically HAD to show up for lectures. Super funny, awesome at teaching the subject, and not difficult at all!
5.0 : I love professor Adams. He's definitely my favorite professor this semester, and one of my favorites of all time. He's super helpful in and out of the classroom. Discussions match up with lectures perfectly. Exams test what was learned. He's also extremely charming and has a really fun and nice personality.
5.0 : He was easily one of my favorite professors. He provides very clear exam expectations and makes the lectures as exciting as economics can be made. I would recommend taking the class
5.0 : Great professor! Very helpful and cares about his students He explains economics very well in his lectures without making them very complicated. His exams reflect the lecture notes so make sure to go to class and keep up with it. Great personality and makes lectures as interesting as possible. I would definitely take him for future economics course
1.0 : All he does is writing materials on the board. There is no interaction in class and he really doesn't care if students understand the concepts or not. Office hours are not helpful at all. He can't explain the concepts in simple words. Classes are very boring but lectures are organized.
5.0 : He's a great teacher just show up for the lectures and you should do well on the tests (which were curved substantially)!!
5.0 : Amazing! Show up to class and take notes and you will pass! He writes out each lecture (compared to a PP) which makes it easy to take notes and actually learn what he is talking about - 3 exams which are curved a lot and 1 was dropped - he knows a lot about what he's talking about - WISH he taught 104 I would have taken him in a heart beat - funny!
5.0 : A very easy class if you pay attention, he writes all of his notes out as he goes so the pace is perfect.  There was no homework, just 3 tests and discussion participation made up your grade.  I wish he taught ECON 104, I would take him in a heart beat.
2.0 : Office hours are a waste of time. Won't tell you topics covered if you miss class. Only cares if you easily excel at economics.
5.0 : Great all around teacher. UWM needs more guys like him. Extremely helpful, makes lectures interesting, and reads the students to ensure the students comprehension of the topic. Teaches the information very well and very detailed. The only reason to not do well in this class is to skip classes.  It is a treat to study in a class that McGinty teaches
5.0 : This man is a great economist and one of the best teachers. He has minimal homework (just problem sets) and 2 exams. His lectures cut to the core of econ theory, he brings very important concepts down to an accessible level. He has a great (if dry) sense of humor and is quite the character to boot; ask him about surfing or his time in Sweden!
5.0 : McGinty is one of the best Econ professors at UWM.  If you are interested in Economics be sure to take at least one class with him.  If you are actively disinterested in the material, it will probably feel like he doesn't want to waste his time explaining it to you.
5.0 : I've only missed a couple lectures of his all semester and i regret not being at those ones. He's a funny prof and tells stories about his previous jobs he had while going to school. I would definitely take another class of his if I was going for an Economics major.
5.0 : Eddu is awesome I'm Sean bowling
1.0 : Was at least 3 weeks behind in feedback throughout the entire semester, which would be far from acceptable if a student were to do the same. How often is your kid sick at home? And how is that stopping you from returning grades or updating the course for an online class? Busy-work response posts. Flat out awful professor.
5.0 : Very insightful. He is willing to meet outside of class. He is truly a professor that cares about the subject he teaches and the student. On the first day know the words ethos and uncanny. Also read rip van winkle by Irving.
5.0 : Bill is very smart. Very insightful. You must participate in class so speak up. Very willing to meet outside of class. Two words to know: uncanny and ethos.
5.0 : Bill was very knowledgable and an overall nice person. He created a space for a class where everyone's opinion was valued. It seemed as though everyone loved the class and Bill.
5.0 : Amazing teacher, one of the best I've had, very energetic, knows her stuff. Almost no homework so exams matter. I would highly recommend taking two or three of her classes if possible.
2.0 : Her online class is much harder than taking her class in person. I emailed her a question about a weekly exam and her response was, "Do your best." She isn't helpful and I felt like she didn't care. You have to work for your grade, but don't expect her to help you for her online class. You need to keep up with the weekly readings and exams.
5.0 : Wonderful professor
5.0 : I thought she was great! During powerpoint note taking, she always repeats what you have to write down several times (as you are trying to write everything down)before moving to the next slide.
5.0 : Took CJ110 over the summer. There was 5 or 6 of us in the class. No homework but two tests. Your entire grade is based off these two tests. If you take notes and pay attention, you should have no problems.
4.5 : One of the Best Professors on campus, Ive had a couple classes with Prof. Hassell and she's always straight forward about what will be on exams. As long as you take all the notes, you'll pass no problem.
4.5 : That accent I can''t even   In all seriousness Andrew is amazing. He is brilliant hilarious and brings his own personal experience into his teachings. One of my favorite classes and one of the best professors I have worked with. I learned so much and continue to learn from him. Would recommend him to everyone
5.0 : I love Kincaid's class so much. Currently enrolled in anther to get my requirements finished and I definitely made the right choice
5.0 : Prof Kincaid is one of the best teachers ever! he's very helpful. If you put in effort in the class and show him you care, and you work hard, you'll get that A.
5.0 : great professor! very easy to get an A if you put in the effort. he's there to help whenever you need him.
5.0 : I struggle with writing and Vicki helped so much. She made it so that I was very comfortable when writing. She made it an easy pass for me. The best teacher I have ever had no exaggerations, she is also very laid back.
5.0 : Vicki Bott is the best instructor that I have had the chance to have so far. International students who speak English language as a second language, would love her as well since she has worked with ESL students a lot. Her classes are fun, enjoyable and very informative.  If I had the chance, I would take all my classes with her.
5.0 : Vicki is the most awesome instructor I have taken at UWM so far She has an amazing personality and she is really easy to talk to and get along with! I felt like I knew her for ages when I first talked to her. She is more like a friend than an instructor Need to put up an effort to pass But of course, an awesome instructor means an awesome class
5.0 : Although Professor Bott is incredibly hilarious and easy going, English 430 helped me immensely. The class wasn't just a part hour (although donuts were present occasionally), it taught me real skills that I will be able to apply to other writing assignments that may come my way. I wish I would have taken this course before my last two semesters.
5.0 : She is amazing and a true friend and great teacher. I would take her classes over and over again. She is absolutely the best teacher I have ever had
5.0 : Vicky Bott is definitely one of the best professors at UWM. She genuinely cares about her students and their grade. She is extremely helpful and is very straight forward on what she expects out of you so as long as you put in effort you should pass the class no problem. Attendance isn't mandatory but extremely recommended.
5.0 : This is the only class I have ever taken where people posted their final pieces to a D2L discussion page and actually thanked each other for such a wonderful semester. The class was insightful, fun, and Vicki was definitely the reason why. She cares about her students and sparks meaningful conversation in the classroom. Take her class!!
5.0 : I absolutely loved Vicki as a person and instructor. She is very helpful and insightful. She helped me out so much with my essay and help shed some light on things that I couldn't really put in words. Attendance is mandatory but she gives you 4 skip days. This is an instructor you should consider.
5.0 : I don't even know where to begin. Vicky Bott was such an amazing teacher. I had her about 3 years ago, and I still look back at her class and think of how amazing she is. I would, in a heartbeat, take another one of her classes. She is so funny, gives very clear feedback for your work, cares about her students, and just over all is an amazing woman
4.5 : I knew Vicky Bott because of an teacher exchange. She is/was in Germany at University of Gieen, I had her in two subjects. She is one of the best teacher I've ever had! She is always there if you need her! She's an amazing woman! When I started UNI,I felt myselft very bad, but being with her in the class made me feel better. She gave me motivation
5.0 : If you show that you care about your work, she will more than  likely be there to help you.  Great class, it helped me a lot with fixing my writing style.
5.0 : Took her for English430 and absolutely love her. Very flexible with work and always happy to help. One of the nicest and most practical professors I've had yet. There's one major project you work on the entire semester so there isn't much of reading. Attendance is mandatory but she gives you a lot of skip days. Truly seems to care about her student
4.5 : Vicki Bott was one of the best teachers I have ever had. She really helped me every step of the way. If every teacher was more like her, students could really take more from what they "learn."
4.0 : Helpful
4.5 : She's a nice teacher. her class is always good, not boring. I like her as a teacher and as a person too.
5.0 : Vicki* has been an absolute blast to have in class. She's always there to help and add comedy to the day. She has random jokes that are awesome. She's always available to help and super easy to get along with. I would 10/10 take her class again. Best teacher around.
5.0 : Vicki is a great teacher and if you are ever struggling writing your paper you can go to her office hours and she will help SIGNIFICANTLY. I would recommend her as a English 102 Prof because it makes the class more enjoyable (even for someone who absolutely hates writing papers).
5.0 : She was my favorite English teacher. The class load and work was to be expected. She gives you a weekly schedule of assignments of things. She has a wonderful personality, and is very understanding. She is also willing to help in any way possible. I love her!
5.0 : Probably one of my favorite professors yet! She was hilarious, which made going to class not bad at all. She gave honest/helpful feedback and was always willing to help.
5.0 : really good funny teacher, always make you laugh, enjoy her class n talking a lot. you need to go to class &amp; do your homework coz they cost 50% of your grade.
4.5 : I love her! She was my favorite for this semester. If you would like to take English 102, then you should take her class! I swear you also like her!!!!!!!!!!
4.0 : Awesome professor, great class. His stories are entertaining with purpose to what he is teaching. Extremely clear and concise about material you need to know. Very much worth your time to take this class and any other class he teaches.
2.5 : When I first went to class, I thought he was awesome. He had plenty of funny stories to tell. But as I attended class, I realized that was the problem. He spent 75% of the class telling useless irrelevant stories, which is extremely hard for note taking and gets off track very easily. Once he spent an entire lectures complaining about politics.
4.5 : He is an awesome teacher.  He is a bit boring but you can sit in his class and play of your phone for the hour and 15 minutes.  He gives 10 extra credit points for coming to class everyday with his "pop quizzes" Easy A because all answers are on practice quizzes and has online tests.
4.0 : Don't hesitate to sign up for his class. So easy A if you do the reading.
4.0 : His lectures while not really about anything in particular are still a must go to because he gives pop quizzes. By far the funniest professor I've had.
4.0 : The Durf is a great guy. Absolutely hilarious. Hes a retired MPD detective so he knows his stuff and is always willing to share stories. As far as his class goes, your grade is made up of 3 exams, all of which are really easy if you go to lecture most of the time. I highly recommend this class. It's what got me interested in Law Enforcement
1.0 : Arguably the worst professor I have ever had. All he did in lecture was tell stories about his time in the PD that really didnt mesh with the topics in class. Hard to take notes, and he always had powerpoints up that he wouldnt ever go through. Doesnt let you retake exams in emergencies if needed. Quiz questions were unclear and confusing at times.
2.5 : His lectures are long and tough to pay attention to. He takes forever to get to the point majority of the time. All the exams are online and most of the exam questions you can google and they come right up with the exact question and answers. I went to about half the lectures, didn't do the readings and didn't study and still ended with a B.
5.0 : Best teacher ever! I love Michael Durfee.
5.0 : Dude is a beast. literally laughed so hard in lectures. He drops F bombs all the time and has real world experience. A MUST TAKE
5.0 : Spanish 308 is very different from every other lower Spanish course. You are expected to know verb contractions and basic material without being lectured on it. She assigns a lot of homework, and not completing it will not hurt your grade at all but she will get mad at you if she finds out and call you out. Overall great professor!
4.5 : I had Ester for two classes. By far the craziest teacher I've ever had. She's not shy and expects the same from her students so if you don't like to participate, don't take her. She gives a lot of hw and expects you to finish it on time but she can still be very lenient at times. She's very helpful too. Her classes were also fun but hard at times.
3.0 : Very knowledgeable about what he teaches but lectures can be long and boring.
4.0 : Incredibly nice guy. Interesting lectures, but be ready to speak as well, as discussions are essential to understanding the material.
4.5 : Was willing to explain any topic students didn't understand. Generous grading, assuming that you show up, and do your homework. This class almost made me enjoy algebra...  almost.
4.5 : You can tell Dan is passionate about his job. Sometimes he rambles, but usually is easy to follow.  He grades hard on exams, I once got points off for not putting a circle around my answer.  He is very helpful outside of class, I went to his office often and he was very helpful each time.  Overall a great math professor for future teachers.
5.0 : GREAT Teacher, very thorough and good at explaining concepts and making sure you fully understand before moving on. Took great care in how his students did and put ALOT in making sure the class succeeded. It was my 2nd time taking trig in which I had a TA J Allen and wasn't able to pass... with Prog Hackbarth I am getting a 98%!
5.0 : Amazing teacher!  I had him as my math professor 4 semesters in a row, On purpose! He is always willing to meet with you and work with your schedule SO GO TO HIS OFFICE FOR HELP! All you have to do is go to class and do the homework, I did Okay on the exams and still passed with a C or higher. Dan genuinely cares about his students success
5.0 : He was a great teacher. He really cares about each and every one of his students, in fact he learns your name and addresses you every morning as you walk in. He is very friendly and is good about putting things in simpler terms if people don't look like they are getting it. He's great at reading people and really great at teaching.
4.5 : Best Teacher Ever!! He really cares about his students and make sure that they understand the materials. It is not a boring class and time goes by super fast. You have to do your work and keep up with the class. Dan is willing to help you one on one also. Will take him again for math 176.
5.0 : Dan really cares about each individual student's understanding and he is always willing to slow down the pace if needed. The weekly online homework takes some time, but it really helps you learn and do good on the tests. If you complete all of the online homework, your overall grade goes up 3% at the end. Take his class!
5.0 : Dan is my favorite professor I've had at UWM yet. He is a hard grader, but is always, always there for you. He genuinely cares about his students and their needs. He is always there at his office hours and very helpful during them. I highly recommend taking classes with him.
5.0 : You won't pass Math for Elementary teachers without Dan. He's extremely clear and actually wants to help everyone pass. Lots of homework and participation is graded. He understands what teachers need to learn to become a great teacher and he will get you there.
5.0 : honestly one of the nicest teachers i have had. he was incredibly helpful and caring, but if you screw aroundskip in his class he is not likely to give you slack
5.0 : Dan is all about the dad jokes but it's super funny. He really wants everyone to understand the material and will not move on until everyone does. He always finds time to meet for extra help with flexible office hours and exam reviews with learning targets. Homework every class but it is usually no more than 5 questions. Online homework is a joke.
4.5 : Excellent at teaching and cares enough to make sure you understand the material.
5.0 : Mr. Hackbarth is an excellent teacher. He is the only math teacher I have ever had who makes math interesting. And he truly cares about each and every one of his students. He's been the best teacher I've ever had, math or otherwise, and was so lucky to be in his class.
3.0 : Dr. Alinder seemed bored when she was running our discussion sessions. Perhaps she was distracted with her work. So, often, our discussions were off topic. Overall, I left the class knowing just a bit more than before I began. Interesting readings, though.
5.0 : This was my very first online class and I did pretty well in it because of Professor Alinder. She is an outstanding professor I would recommend her to anyone.
4.5 : Prof Tiffany was a great for art history 102. Before the exams she gives out a list with all the expected vocab, paintings, dates, and artists you are expected to memorize. I attended lectures and discussions which made the class a breeze. Overall, it was a straight forward class.
5.0 : There's not one bad thing I have to say about Lucia. She's a phenomenal and engaging lecturer in the most perfect way. She's very clear and concise about her expectations, and loves her job. Her passion for Ital. makes taking the class worth it!!! I would recommend taking this course to anyone interested in learning a language- requirement, or not.
5.0 : Absolute sweetheart, really cares about teaching.  She is an easy grader but  she deserves the respect from her students that they shouldn't abuse that. I miss her class, take italian with her!
4.5 : She is by far the best foreign language teacher I've ever had. She's very clear with things and you can tell she truly wants her students to succeed. Her reviews before the test are very, very helpful and she has no problem meeting with students and helping them 1 on 1. if you're going to take Italian, take her!
5.0 : She is awesome, very helpful and nice. Loves the subject and loves her students. She's the perfect language professor.
5.0 : Took both 103 and 104 with Lucia and she is amazing.  She cares about her students and wants them to succeed.  Her grading is fair, but you have to study and participate in class.  She's very passionate about home country - Italy - and loves to share 'local knowledge' whenever possible.  Really helps get a better sense of the culture too!
5.0 : Lucia is by far one of the best professors I have ever had.  She is clear in her lectures and is always wiling to help when needed.  I have only taken her for my language courses at UWM an I would only retake them with her.  You can tell she wants her students to succeed and if she can make that happen, she will. I highly suggest you take her!!!!!!
5.0 : I love Lucia! She's very kind and pretty much the funniest Italian teacher you will ever had.
3.5 : Lucia is very dedicated to her students. She gets excited when you participate
4.5 : As a native Italian speaker, her enthusiasm is what makes the class so incredible! She's always passionate with lots of fun, humorous anecdotes about life in Italy.
5.0 : Jim was funny and made class enjoyable. Probably the most enjoyable class I've taken in college so far. If you need an Arts credit take Tasse!
5.0 : Super chill dude who is upfront. Happy I took his class and has been a fun experience. He's also passionate about the subject.
4.0 : If your late for class 3 times he marks you absent and that will drop your grade down. Which is why I got a C instead of a B. I'm sorry I took him.
4.0 : He's impressive and helpful. Thanks Jim :).
5.0 : Professor Banerjee is literally my favorite professor in the whole world. She is incredibly intelligent and passionate about what she teaches, making her classes interesting and academically life-changing (this is a cheesy phrase, i know, but if the shoe fits...). Anyway, if you have the chance to take one of her claseses, do it. She's phenonenal.
5.0 : Dr. Banerjee is incredibly helpful and enthusiastic. She is obviously invested in the course material, which makes her courses engaging. Discussion is genuinely student based, and her lectures are laid back but beneficial. There is typically a focus on post-colonial female writers, so be prepared for that if you choose to be in her classes!
4.0 : Legit Professor. Older dude so he knows his stuff. Willing to talk about a lot of stuff. Took ENG215 with him and he's very open about assignments. Easy grader. Wants you to pass the class. Be prepared to talk. He assigns reading which isn't too heavy but also makes you blog about it which is cool. Would take him again. Great Proffesor.
5.0 : Lane is a great professor! He said he threw together his 215 syllabus rather quickly because he took over the course for another professor. The only real "homework" assigned was readings, which were never too dense or dry. Pretty interesting texts. He also has students run a "blog" about the course where they respond weekly to the texts/lectures.
5.0 : Took Lane for an advanced writing workshop. We focused on creative non-fiction and it was really interesting! Very smart with formatting and content. We created zines and he was incredibly knowledgable on the subject. Very nice guy who offers great constructive criticism on creative writing.
5.0 : I took a literature course with Prof. Muse. Obviously there will be regular assigned reading and written assignments, it was a 300 level course. He is extremely knowledgeable on his subject and a great speaker. He always helped me when asked. Some people on here seem to expect him to have to hold their hand through the whole semester.
4.5 : K-Muse, as we call him on campus, is the man. I've only had him for one course, but it is very clear that Professor Muse is passionate and knowledgeable about his subject area. I'd recommend this course to anyone and I believe its very likely that you will come out of it enriched and interested. Go to class and do your HW. You'll be graded fairly.
5.0 : He makes you actually learn. He is your money's worth. Tough and fair.
5.0 : Professor Muse is a real gem! He is knowledgeable in his field and explains everything well. He is welcoming to questions, open to feedbacks, and a funny dude! Honestly, he gets it, Greek can be tough, that's why he assigns reading and homework that will help students learn. Do it, and ask questions and you'll be fine! I absolutely recommend him!
4.0 : Muse is a great professor. Attendance is not mandatory but he gives a quiz on the reading assignment for that day. Go to class! There is always a reading assignment and its not that long. Curved my midterm from a C to an A... Very generous man. Do the readings and attend class and its very easy. Had one paper due that was 1000 words or more.
4.0 : Professor Muse is an excellent teacher.  He doesn't spoon feed students, but is mindful that the subject matter (ancient Greek) is difficult.  He expects you to put in the time to benefit from his expertise in the classroom.  If you are a serious student, you will find him a wealth of knowledge and a pleasure to learn from.  If not, go elsewhere.
5.0 : Prof Muse knows a lot about mythology and loves sharing it. Every time there is a wired story he always smiles when we go over it and enjoys everyone's reaction to the crazy minds of 7th century poets.
1.5 : If you don't agree with her political viewpoints and voice your opinion, you will get downgraded (and rude comments on D2L). Weekly discussions are almost impossible to get over an 80% on. Super specific grader and very specific guidelines. Two essay exams and very long weekly readings. You get graded on how many hours you volunteer. Do not take!!!
5.0 : Absolutely loved Prof Counts! Easily one of my favorite Art History professors. The time I retook Art History 101, he explained the material so much better.
5.0 : favorite Art History professor at UWM
4.5 : Very entertaining lecture!! Covers a lot of information each class so if you skip, you do miss a lot. Attendance required for discussion section but not lecture.
5.0 : The class is soooo interesting, but you HAVE to go to class.  Attendance isn't mandatory, but you will do horrible on the tests (your entire grade) if you skip lecture.  He makes art history really interesting and easy to grasp.
5.0 : Counts is one of the best teachers I ever had. He makes jokes and keeps his lectures engaging (although I might be a little bias since I am an art history major). It's an easy class, and while lectures are not mandatory, if you don't show up you will not pass. (A few skips here and there are ok.) Highly recommend this class!
5.0 : I began taking Art History 101 last year and had to drop it because of scheduling issues. I had to enroll this semester and chose Professor Counts. He is literally the best Art History teacher I've ever had. His lectures are engaging, the exams are pretty straight forward. I'm awful with dates and name, but still got an A.  *Go to discussion!!
4.0 : I can't say enough good things. Counts made the class interesting and the material more manageable since there are a lot of pieces talked about in class. Would through in the occasional joke and always made class fun. Both TAs were helpful and were ready to answer questions during discussion.
4.0 : This class was super interesting and I really loved it. The tests are challenging but as long as you go to lecture and discussion and study with notecards you will do just fine. Prof. Counts is hilarious and really passionate about art history which is great to see.
4.5 : Beverly made learning guitar easy and super enjoyable. I looked forward to her class every week.  She's a sweet lady who truly loves her students. Had nothing but positive experiences with her. Would highly reccomend!
2.0 : I missed a lot of class do to personal issues. I went in for the final and explained what happened  to Dr. Belfer and she gave me a C, despite my doing the final perfectly. I would be okay with this, but I talked to another student who missed a lot of class because he's good at guitar, and Dr. Belfer gave him an A because "she really liked him."
2.5 : Her class was extremely boring. I had it one day a week for 3 hours and we did the same thing for the entire class. It was an easy A but I would not recommend taking this class. And she makes you buy a book she wrote.
5.0 : Dr. Beverly is the best teacher ever. She truly cares how well her students do in class. She is easy to confront about questions and her teaching style is fabulous. I began not knowing anything and now I feel confident to branch out and continue my skills. She loves what she does, and will make a person knowing nothing about music, amazing!
4.5 : Beverly is such a sweet lady! Always ready to repeat herself if you need it. Extra time at the end of every class to practiceask questions. Not a tough grader--You're practicing what you need for the final everyday in class.
5.0 : What a sensational prof. Dr. Belfer sure makes the guitar an instrument I wanted to play both in and out of class. I didn't know an E from a D string  ... but after 16 weeks I was thinking about starting a band. Dr. Belfer is sensitive, talented, and most of all caring of all her students (and there were at least 80 in my class). Sensational class.
5.0 : Such an amazing teacher! So much positivity in her class room. Pretty much show up and get an A. Don't need any prior guitar experience. Practice once in a blue moon and you'll be fine. Mess around in class, show off ect and you prob will end up with a C
5.0 : I am always eager to go to her classes and I believe that I am learning a lot of material. She is also very nice and knows her stuff.
3.5 : Great women, knows what she is teaching.  If you have an interest in guitar/music but don't play an instrument, her MUSIC150 class is right up your alley.
5.0 : Beverly is a great teacher I'm in her beginer to guitar class now. She is very patient and teaches you a lot of good begining material. If you already play guitar well though this is not the class for you unless you are just trying to get your credits out of the way. As a beginer though I very much recommend this class.
2.0 : Pretty boring class. Ive been playing guitar for 3 years now and mrs belfer is a nice lady but from my viewpoint should not be teaching beginning guitar. Does not make it fun or interesting and the material that we learned was a yawn. Expect to know all the songs you need to know at the final cant miss 3 classes too or else expect to get a b or c.
1.0 : I did not have Kathleen as a professor but communicated with her through the health care administration program as she is the advisor who sets up internships. Had an extremely horrible experience with her. After trying to communicate and get answers through email, I went to her office and still did not get the help I needed.
5.0 : Dr. W is awesome! She is extremely helpful, and will stop to explain anything that you do not understand in class.      Learning a language requires a lot of work, and she makes sure her students are actually learning, and not just faking it. If you aren't actually going to put in the effort required to learn the subject don't take the class.
2.0 : Make sure you read and pay attention to the smallest detail because that is what she's expecting from you. For weekly quizzes, you need to know everything. Wouldn't recommend teacher at all.
4.5 : She goes through a powerpoint during class which is NOT posted online. There's a lot of readings and part of the midterm and final are passage identification from the readings.  Theres (easy) weekly quizzes that are around 8 questions, 3 essays (2 pages). If you do the readings and listen in class it's an easy A.
2.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. You will regret taking this course. I have never struggled so much with a class before taking this. She teaches as if her students have been exposed to this material before. She is not very helpful when you meet with her outside of class.  I am warning you, TERRIBLE CLASS AND TEACHER!!!
4.5 : Make sure you read, or you definitely won't pass. She really is an amazing professor and I would love to have her again.
5.0 : Dr. Wesolowski was one of the best teachers I've ever had. She holds you accountable for your studies--don't expect to be babied by this professor, you're not going to be able to coast by. She's very passionate, and if you really don't understand something, she'll take the time to give special instruction.
3.5 : Dr. W's great. She makes the tough material really accessible and is always willing to answer questions. I was struggling with depression this past semester and missing a lot of class, once I reached out to her she was really understanding and made arrangements for me to keep pace with the classwork. Looking forward to the next 2 semesters of Latin
4.5 : Dr W is serious about you learning Latin. You have to go to class and it IS a 4cr course so the time commitment IS greater. But the material is easy for the most part and when it's not, Dr W is really nice &amp; there to help. She's also really funny and really aware of what's going on with her students. One of the best profs I've had.
4.0 : I love her as a professor but her class is really hard. There is so much reading to do, which is hard to keep up with, and if you don't do the readings it is difficult to pass the tests. Her lectures are really interesting though, and I like the material we learned but I didn't pass because the readings were overwhelming.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable and holds regular discussions with students about the readings in lecture. He can go into great detail if students ask questions as well to help them understand difficult concepts.
5.0 : She really cares about her students. Be respectful and she will do the same back. Go in for help and she will clarify anything you didn't understand. Loved her.
5.0 : Good teacher, clear on what is expected of you.  explains the procedures of problems clearly.  All in all a good teacher
4.5 : Good teacher, clear on what is expected of you, good at explaining the procedures needed to complete problems successfully.
4.5 : Good at explaining and showing how to solve problems effectively
5.0 : This class deemed to be a lot of work for me because I was lacking in math. Her handwriting is great, she's super clear and she is extremely sweet! She cares about you and if you put in the effort she will acknowledge you and try to look out for you! I wish I could have taken her for calculus but oh well! And the extra credit is awesome!!
3.5 : Take her class if you're serious about continuing with math courses.  It's not the easiest, but you'll have a really solid understanding going into the calc sequence.
4.0 : she's a great teacher, always makes the lessons easy to understand. I would highly recommend coming to class every day, as she takes attendance daily and I'm fairly certain it's part of the grade. Also expect daily homework, but it's very short  easy. And if you want to get an A, you must get 100% in the ALEKS portion, so don't slack in that!
5.0 : Come to lecture and take notes. All her notes are very organized, her hand writing is very easy to read, and she really cares about her students. Highly recommend Ruslana!
5.0 : This professor was very approachable proving to really care that her students do well in her class. She was easy to understand and providing tips for what was on the test. Extra Credit was sometimes offered on test which improved your grade. Quiz every week and 4 exams in semester but were not that difficult if you put work into the class.
4.5 : She writes all her lectures and reviews them. She goes over similar problems in class. If you like to learn while doing similar problems than this will become a very easy class for you. I liked it because I could ask questions and learn easier.
5.0 : Professor Korotkaya gave straightforward lectures. She answered questions well, and was clear on her expectations in terms of homework. Her exams were very manageable.
5.0 : I'm currently taking 231 with her and she is an amazing professor. At first I was a little scared of her but she is excellent at explaining the concepts. It is a hard class in general but I don't have to do the homework because she's so good at explaining the concepts in class. Studying is minimal as long as you pay attention you will get it.
1.0 : Avoid this teacher if you can - she over explains and complicates the math, doesn't go over quizzes or tests after they're graded, and tests she makes aren't easy.  The only reason I passed was because I had taken AP Calc AB in high school and had a really great teacher. I stopped going to lecture except for tests and quizzes and taught myself.
5.0 : Her lectures are your key to passing this class!!!! She really simplifies everything but at the same time YOU MUST do the suggested homework problems to pass! If you fail her class know that it was your CHOICE! She cares about her students and she even gives us review guides. She is my favorite professor I took her for 2 diff classes and aced both!
5.0 : I had professor Korotkya for Calc 1 and 2. After taking both of those classes, I can say that she teaches math better than any teacher I have had before. She teaches with examples in lectures and picks very helpful examples that explain all aspects of each topic. Homework is not graded, but if you don't do it you will fail.
5.0 : The class was fantastic. The exams were well made. The instructor was amazing, knowledgeable, and willing to help students. I have taken calculus 1&amp;2 with her, and I would strongly recommend this instructor to any other student.
4.5 : I took her for Calc and really enjoyed her. Yes you have to work for your grade. Generally a quiz a week + gateway exams bi-weekly. Attendance is a must to get a passing grade. But she really did want everyone to succeed, just many stopped attending. Began with a class of nearly 30 and ended at maybe half that.
5.0 : Very smooth course, was able to finish within a few weeks. The online course was very self explanatory/ self paced. Responds to emails immediately. One of the easiest A's I've ever recieved
5.0 : Has very dry humor which I found hilarious. Didn't really know what to expect with being an environmental science major but this class can be applied to any person interested in getting a job after college. Tests were very easy. Final was given online. Not very time consuming.
4.5 : Great Guy - You'll learn from him and he will not beat you up with work.  Quizzes are easy - just terms out of the book - exam is easy - projects are easy and useful for your future in the real world - great teacher - great guy - if he's open - take him
5.0 : Really great teacher.  He is always there to help you, but you shouldn't need too much help.  He wants you do get a good grade.  He takes the time to review information with you.  Lectures are boring, but go 75% of the time and make sure to have a sense of what he is talking about and you will be fine.  Exams are extremely easy. Very easy grader.
5.0 : Definitely take Marini. He is one of the best professor's ive had. Light workload, and the work you do in this class will be useful for your future career. He makes class interesting. Very easy grader too. Gave 2% extra credit for completing course review at the end.
5.0 : Probably one of my  best professors. The class itself is pretty simple but Prof. Marini will use more than one example to make every concept crystal clear. He's a great guy who truly cares about his students. He's a very easy grader. As long as you show up and do your work, this class should be an easy A
5.0 : I very good teacher. His class teaches you how to have an advantage in business communication. The class is fairly simple. If you take the time you may actually learn something. Take him if you can!!!
4.0 : He was my econ 217 professor for spring 2017 he is really good i thought the class is difficult but when i go through his study guide handouts for every semister it helps me a lot and got an passing grade and pass that class .I am again taking his class for macroeconomics for 2017 just take his notes and focus in class it really helps .
5.0 : If you attend class and readings won't matter. No homework, his classes are based on two essay exams. Best professor and best lectures I've had at UWM. He loves his work and cares about his students. He'll be happy to give you suggestions for after graduation and has tons of connections. He is repetitive but clarifying in doing so.
5.0 : Jeff clearly cares about his students and wants everyone to do well and get excited about the material. His lectures were usually very good, and he is passionate about the course. The grade was based on midterm and final essay exams testing the lecture material. He emphasizes critical thinking. The textbook is not necessary.
5.0 : By far one of the best professors I've ever had. His lectures were straight from his powerpoints and if you understand the main concepts, you'll do fine. Exams are essay based questions that aren't very difficult if you understand the material. Take notes on the examples he gives in class.
5.0 : His lectures are great, super clear, and he's scute!!
3.0 : He is a good professor overall but when he teaches he teaches by lecturing and having only pictures on his power points and doesn't use the book for reference. So even if you read the chapters but don't attend lecture you have to work to find the answers on the study guide.
3.5 : Professor Karron is passionate about what he does, although what he says is quite repetitive. I barely attended the class and still did well on my exams. As long as you read the material and the articles, you will pass. Exams are written and expect to know the topics well, especially the articles if you don't attend class regularly.
5.0 : She is very nice and always willing to talk. Tough grader and is more demanding than many professors but it is certainly not unreasonable. Second half of the semester is a group paper, some professors for this course have an individual paper instead. If you can handle group projects and slightly harder grading I definitely would recommend.
1.0 : If you get her, you might as well drop out of college. She is stubborn and deliberately fails you no matter how much you participate and try.
4.0 : Deb rocks! The first part of the semester is individual assignments, which she is a tough grader on, but she lets you revise them and gives good feedback. The second half is a group project. She is extremely nice and helpful with everything and tried to not make the class boring. Definitely take her!
3.0 : This class sucked, the biggest thing is the group project during the second half of the semester. The rubric was extremely unclear and feedback was not helpful. I never got to see my final grades on assignments or our group final project. There was no detail explaining the project grade. Avoid her.
4.0 : Dyanna is a pretty solid professor - structural geology can be very difficult / confusing, but she makes it less awful. Her lectures get long at times and this class requires A LOT of time for homework, projects, labs, but it's worth it. Be ready to put a lot of work in and be frustrated, but also learn a lot of valuable info.
5.0 : You'll learn a ton and have a good time doing it. She is an excellent lecturer and great in office hours if you need it. Probably my favorite professor.
5.0 : Brady's introductory Astronomy class is extremely interesting. He covers the basics in very easily understood sections. His lectures are always interesting, concise, and informative. He posts the powerpoints and every quiz/exam/homework question is covered in class. He drops most of your lowest grades. I would highly recommend his class.
5.0 : I earned a poor grade because of my own indolence. I thought he did an excellent job teaching.
5.0 : One of the more interesting classes I've taken. Very easy credit for natural sciences. Online quizzes and assignments are really easy and the exams take questions directly from them. His subtle Irish accent is awesome and he's really enthusiastic about the material. One of my favorite professors here.
5.0 : His lectures are easy to understand and he will accept all questions if they are relevant to the slides. So if you have question, don't be afraid and just ask in class or after class. Weekly homework will be simple and he will drop your 3-4 lowest grades. But, you must do it all the time. Quizzes and midterm is based on homework, so don't be lazy.
5.0 : Kim is the most amazing person you will meet! She is so kind and really easy to talk to. If you have an issue she is there to help! Very passionate and just a good person to hang out with!
5.0 : Is he the most amazing guy in them biology department or what? 3 exams, one is take home. He is very nice guy. Gives you feedback on your work. You have to go to lectures in order to pass. No textbook required. Overall one of the best courses and one of the best teacher I have ever had.
2.0 : Vague assignments. Never respond to any emails! Final exam is so hard and never thought similar things.
5.0 : He's very clear about what will be on the exam and is a fair grader - take good notes during class and you'll do well.
4.0 : He's a good professor with a dry sense of humor. Intro part of class is review of CS315 AND/OR kinda logic, but the rest is new material that feels applicable especially with circuit logic.  The book won't really help you that much, so just take good notes and attend lecture.
4.0 : Class content wasn't terribly difficult. Lots of drawing diagrams and circuit graphs. Exams were open book/open notes, but if you didn't know your stuff, you wouldn't be able to finish in time. TONS of handouts/hw solutions, etc. Need an entire binder just for this class.
4.0 : Overall a fairly easy, very enjoyable professor. He gives handouts and solutions often (you'll end up with quite the stack of paper), and his exams are open book &amp; note, but fairly lengthy. He comes to class with a good attitude and is very personable. His accent and handwriting are a little tough to understand at times.
5.0 : I've had Bill for several acting classes at UWM. He is HANDS DOWN the smartest and most generous acting teacher I have ever gotten the opportunity to work with. He is with out a doubt the biggest asset this university has to offer in it's acting department. Absolutely the best professor i've ever had.
5.0 : Great instructor. Very patient. Always willing to help
5.0 : Garry is one of the best professors I had! The course was reality easy even during the condensed WinteriM period! I would take him again if I could fit his classes in my schedule.
4.0 : Long lectures, but Gary attempts to break them up with humor and mid-class break.  Solid class, learn a lot without the difficulty.
5.0 : One of my favorite Psych. professors at University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee. He is funny, keeps lectures interesting, jokes around, is down to earth, very helpful, and I missed only 1 of his lectures due to illness. Those of you who are complaining that he's boring shouldn't be taking a class in Psychology. To me its fascinating!
3.0 : For the three hour night class, it get pretty dry. However, he has some good stories and he tries to keep students engaged by giving breaks, playing videos, and providing a note sheet outline. Plus he has personal experience in the areas he talks about, which makes lecture more interesting.
3.5 : The professor himself is interesting and tries to make the 3hr class interesting to his students, but it can get very dry. You can pass the class without going to lecture, but you will need to know the topics he went over that night. The tests themselves are easy and representative of material. Gives extra credit quizzes randomly at end of lectures
5.0 : Gary was probably one of the best professors I have ever had!
5.0 : Dr Stark will not only give you his 30 years clinical psychology experience, he will also help you understand the material and further your interest in psychology. THIS PROFESSOR IS ONE OF THE BEST PSYCHOLOGY PROFESSORS OF UWM, YOU CAN TAKE THAT TO THE BANK!!!
4.5 : Gary is awesome. The lectures are long but he actually has experience working in this field (30 some years of experience) so he has a lot of interesting stories that go along with his lectures. He gives extra credit pop quizzes at the end of lecture, worth a total of 9 points towards your final grade. Exams are from the lectures, so go to class!
4.5 : Mr. Stark is entertaining and well-versed in psychology. He'll answer any questions, whether they're related to the class or not. He's simply great, one of the best teachers I've had the pleasure of learning from.
4.5 : Give guided notes so you can focus more on the lecture than rushing to write things down. It was a 3 hour lecture so it definitely got boring at times, but professor Stark usually tries to throw in a few jokes to make it less dry. Tests are pretty straight forward if you go to class and study. Overall great class, and great professor!
4.0 : If your struggling with something let him know and he'll help you. Just be patient.
2.0 : I found her teaching to be really dull. Lessons felt 5x as long as they needed to be. She spoke really slowly and got off topic often enough. As a result by the end of the class I felt all that we had covered that was new helpful or relevant could have been covered in 20 minutes. She is kind and likes to make jokes but does not help much.
5.0 : As long as you show up to class, and take notes you should pass the class with ease. He's a decent lecturer and knowledgeable on the topic. However at times he can be a bit boring. I never used the book either.
4.5 : Lebel is awesome. Highly recommend any of his classes
4.5 : He's laid back, helpful, nice, and clear.  All of his jokes are about football though:)
5.0 : Make sure to write down most of the information on the slides. As for the tests, those are your grade. There's really no need for a book even though it says required.
4.5 : Dr. O was hands down one of the best professors I've had at UWM! She is very helpful and has a very open and inviting way of teaching.  Unlike a lot of professors she really does want all of her students to succeed.  All you have to do to get an A in this class is do your weekly reading and writing assignments, which are mostly graded on completion
3.0 : This was an online class so it was pretty basic- two assignments a week (don't skip) and you'll pass. She was pretty sick I guess... but she didn't grade ANY of our assignments almost all semester. I assumed I'd get an A (I did) based on my participation, but she was pretty disorganized. Maybe too sick to teach still. Maybe just disorganized.
4.0 : Liana was my favorite professor thus far.  She is always willing to help and understands how hectic students lives can be, especially those first and second semester freshman in 102.  She is extremely lenient, but her feedback gives the honest truth about your writing (which is very beneficial in the long run).  Overall, I highly recommend.
5.0 : She's amazing, offers a very engaging class about diversity in race, gender, sexual orientation, etc. Classes were in discussion a lot talking about these things and she makes the discussions really engaging
5.0 : She really shares an incredible bond with her students. Her class is really fun and she tries to make class discussions interesting for everyone. Grading was something she was slow at, but she always gave good feedback on everything. Really great teacher who has a lot of passion for teaching. TAKE HER!
1.0 : Completly unorganized and assigns ridiculous tasks. ( We had to hand-annotate 50 pages of a book she photocopied and then photocopy them again so she could "look" at how we take notes). Never received feedback on my assignments. If you aren't an English major there is a good chance you will hate her class.
3.5 : Dr. O is super nice and easy to talk to. She grades very easily and puts a lot of helpful comments on assignments. Very approachable with questions andor concerns. I enjoyed her class very much.
5.0 : She truly wants her students to pass the final portfolio and will do what she can to help. The assignments in class are geared to help you develop your final essay. She gives great feedback on the draft essay which not a lot of other professors do. You can tell she is passionate about teaching and cares about her students. And she's really funny!
5.0 : Dr. O is an awesome person to say the least. She constantly changes her teaching styles with the times and tries to connect with each student personally. I am a decent writer so this class is easy for me. If you like to write, take this class. This class is not hard, but you do need to try and come to class. Definitely take with her.
5.0 : Great professor. Leads very interesting discussions and gives great feedback on papers! The articles she chooses create good discussions and topics for papers. The last presentation teaches you to create a presentation with a pretty open-ended prompt, very useful.
4.5 : Dr. O is a great teacher. Very caring and actually takes the time to know each student. Super easy grader, if you do all the assignments. Got an easy A and I didn't have to do a lot of work.
4.0 : Dr. O is pretty cool. She is super nice.
4.0 : This course is A LOT to handle and Dr. O is very committed to helping her students. She lives for her students and loves her job. I would estimate that about half of my classes were cancelled throughout the semester for both course-related reasons and personal reasons of the professor. I would highly recommend her.
5.0 : Dr. Troiano is a great professor. She is very knowledgeable and has great spirit for what she teaches. Sometimes the class can be boring, but the issues discussed are very relevant to teaching. Overall, the coursework is fairly easy and not having any tests or quizzes was awesome!
5.0 : Great professor, easy class!
3.0 : Diane provides all the materials needed to pass the final essay that is worth 50% of your grade. If you have to miss class or need extra feedback, just email her. Her feedback may make you want to cry, but it helps. You are allowed to miss up to 3 classes before a grade reduction. 3 essays + a response are done before you work on the final essay.
5.0 : Diane was very helpful in English 102. Conferences with her helped a lot and comments provided on D2L too.
3.0 : I personally did not like her teaching style. She was very passive in my opinion. She does give great feedback but expect LOTS of participation homework.
4.5 : Very intelligent, conferences with her are fantastic as you read out-loud and she helps critique along the way. Would take her again. The only textbook I recommend is the Composition Reader as all your academic essay reading will be done in there, DK Handbook and Student Guide were a waste of money.
5.0 : If you do the assignments and work on the paper thats worth 50% of your grade at the end of the year, youll pass no problem. Very respected and the sweetest lady.
5.0 : She is very sweet and caring. Her classes are pretty boring at times, since she does a lot of the talking regarding sample essays, but as long as your class has a few students that participate, it goes by fast. The essays/assignments are very clear and if you just do what is told with some effort, you should do just fine.
5.0 : Jay is a great instructor, and you can tell he has plenty of real life experience in the field. He teaches you valuable life lessons and how to prepare for graduate school as well as thoroughly teaching the subject. Overall just a great guy!
5.0 : He is a great guy  and the best teacher I have ever had!
4.0 : Hilarious man!
4.0 : Nice guy
5.0 : Professor Sweetland is a fantastic instructor and he really goes out of his way to make sure students succeed. His letter of recommendations have been essential to my success.
5.0 : Professor Sweetland is not only a great instructor but he also writes letter of recommendations that can help with your career afterwards.
5.0 : The best course I've had in my MLIS program.  He knows libraries inside and out and tackles difficult topics in ways that we newbies can understand.   It is a survey course and I appreciate his breadth and depth of knowledge.  I don't want to be a cataloger, but this class can take you in almost any direction.  Take this core class from him!
5.0 : Great teacher, works with the class. Exams were concept-based, so as long as you listen and understand material, you'll do fine.
5.0 : Chris is an awesome professor! He is so helpful and really helped me to become interested in technical writing. He is realistic and his assignments enhance real world skills.
5.0 : Great teacher. Useful class. Gives plenty of examples and feedback to complete assignments. Midterm is grammar and technical writing strategies. Final is a group paper. CAREFULLY pick your group members, a lazy group means unequal workload or a bad grade. Book is helpful/sometimes necessary in class.
5.0 : Professor Lyons provides numerous opportunities to raise your grade. He does take off 5 points for each tardy so be on time. We had a paper due every week but we went over examples before the assignment was due. Our final exam was a group project presentation/paper. Always gives the option to re-write assignments for a better grade.
5.0 : I loved Chris. One of my favorite professors here. He is very insightful and gives terrific feedback. His grading criteria isn't exactly the clearest, but after the first couple of assignments you know what he'll be looking for. Very genuine guy, I highly recommend taking him.
5.0 : Jen is very attentive and knowledgeable. I loved showing up to this class. I had never taken an anatomy class before, but she made me want to learn and understand it and was very good and portraying the message she was teaching. I wish she taught Advanced :(
5.0 : Frankie Flood changed my life. I'm not sure where I would be without the program he created.
5.0 : Dr. Burmeister is the single best professor I've ever had in aural theory. He makes it fun and practical. He taught me to laugh at the mistakes and then how to fix them. He is an exceptional musician and professor and I am so happy that I took his class. UWM is so lucky to have him.
5.0 : Redding is cool! He keeps sociology interesting. Any soc 101 class obviously isnt going to be that difficult. Pay attention to his clicker questions, they often show up on exams. Pay attention, show up, review his study guides and youll be fine. Easy A!
2.0 : This class did not feel like an intro class. 4 exams and 3 papers, and worksheets that were basically quizzes in discussion. The material he presents was very, very heavy and a lot to process. Gives study guides for exams but it wasn't much help. Exams were tough! goodluck
5.0 : He is an awesome teacher.  Really is passionate about sociology.  Grades in quickly and tests are not there to trick you.  Read the power points and pay attention in class you will get a B guaranteed.
2.0 : As a freshman Biochem major I took this as a prereq, and for being a level 100 class it was very rough. I missed only 2 lectures, took all the notes, did all the readings, and did all of the study guides he provided but struggled to maintain a C. The tests are very hard, I would recommend to take Psych 1o1 instead.
4.0 : Really enjoyed listening to his lectures, he seems like a very normal guy rather than a typical college professor.  Fair amount of assignments and grades fairly.  Definitely have to work for it. Tests are not easy. If you take good notes and study, you will do well.  Definitely attend discussion.
4.0 : I took this class for fun. It was more work than I expected. We had to write 3 papers for our discussion section. Tests were not easy, but fair. Clickers are worth 10% just for responding to the questions, you can get all of them wrong. I doubt that many freshman could pull off an A in this class. Really good teacher, nice guy.     :)
5.0 : Redding recommends we read all of the material he posts to D2L as well as the textbook which may seem like a lot, however, as long as you skim the readings and chapters you'll be fine.
5.0 : Awesome teacher! Easy grader and the tests are straight off of the study guide. First class I've enjoyed going to in a long time. Definitely recommend taking this teacher!
4.0 : He is passionate about sociology and very credible. Great professor who is open to all students even in a huge lecture!
4.0 : This was hard for a 101 course, but still reasonable overall. He drops one of your exams, so the grading scale is somewhat forgiving. I did well on the first 3 exams and didn't have to take the final. Pay attention to sociologists and their theories; they are on every exam. Read wisely; spend time on topics with which you struggle. STUDY FOR EXAMS.
5.0 : He was a great professor. Just show up to class and get the easy participation points. His exams are fairly tough, just make sure to use the study guide. Make sure to also read the d2l readings.
4.5 : I took this class my senior year of high school. It was my first college class so I wasn't sure what to expect, but Professor Redding's lectures are easy to understand and interesting. Take good notes and look back at those notes before the exams and you'll do just fine. He uses a lot of lecture examples on the exams. BONUS: he drops 1 exam grade.
4.0 : Very knowledgeable professor who obviously loves sociology. Tries to add weird humor in his lectures. Easy participation points in lectures with clickers. 4 exams -drops the lowest score. 3 easy papers.
4.5 : Super easy to understand whats going on in lecture. Literally just skim the readings, go to lecture and you will do fine
5.0 : By far one of the best teachers I have ever come across. He is very genuine and caring, you can see it in every lecture. The class is a lot of work but as a Sociology major, it was everything I had hoped for and some. Highly recommend to anyone that wants a teacher who addresses current events or issues in lecture. He is woke!!!
4.5 : Literally just go to class and pay attention. Very easy and interesting class. He puts up all his lecture powerpoints, jeopardy review games and test review sheets online to help you
4.0 : I must say, I did enjoy this class. Redding is very passionate about sociology and you can tell. But this class was a bit more difficult than I anticipated for a 100 level course. The class has a total of 4 exams, 3 papers, articles and in class assignments in discussion (quiz style) all which required complex thinking. Hard to unravel study guide
2.0 : I would  NOT recommend this class to anyone. As a chemistry major I took  this as a general education social science. He does not post the power points online and expects reading between every class outside the textbook. Less than 10% of people get As on the exams, which is outrageous for a 100 level class. You are much better off taking Psych 101
5.0 : Professor Redding will go out of his way to ensure that you succeed in his class. Nearly every single lecture he reminds students to utilize his often underused office hours if they need to. If you do your end of the job and just even skim the readings, you'll walk out with an A in the class. TAs are competent and overall an enjoyable class.
5.0 : He's a nice guy and knows what he's talking about. Takes time to meet with you one on one.
4.5 : Professor Coggins is a very personable guy.  He is organized and articulate with explaining each section.  You do learn a lot, and it is interesting.  His exams aren't that bad, you just have to study for them a few days in advance. Overall this class was full of facts and I recommend you to take it.
4.0 : He's sorta dull but sometimes he makes little jokes or adds a funny video or song to the power point. Our class on frogs opened with Kermit singing "it's not easy being green." I didn't use the textbook and he has his notes at the front of the class if you missed anything. It's a little tough at first but I ended up enjoying it.
3.5 : Took this biology class online. I'm terrible at science and failed a biology class years ago but this online class was great as in it was an easy A. Tests are from the text book and there are d2l posts.
3.5 : Lectures are important to passing and even though he says you don't need the book for exam answers, you will need the book for several questions. If you at least review the extra credit, you should be ok for the exam. John makes it fun to learn boring state politics. John: "It's a hot topic" *unbuttons shirt*
5.0 : Great clear lectures, however he does not put notes up on D2L so beware. Exams are very easy and cover exactly what he covered in class, he won't try and spring anything on you. Definitely would recommend this class. The textbook is only useful for the extra credit he offers (chapter summaries papers) otherwise I never opened it.
4.5 : Overall he was a good professor. Very clear notes, too.
5.0 : Great lecture notes. He tests on the material he teaches; he won't try to surprise you.
5.0 : Very kind, approachable, and a great professor. Gives study guides for exams. Assigns a few group projects a semester and a few big papers. She is a great professor!
5.0 : She's in one of the best professors I have ever had.  She truly cares, and wants everyone to do well.  She will go out of her way to help you. She is so sweet, and grades easy.  She gives study guides for the exams, so they are much less stressful than expected.
4.0 : A caring and helpful professor. Seems passionate about her topic.
5.0 : Rachel is by far my favorite professor here on the UWM campus. She cares so much about each and every one of her students and is always willing to do whatever she can to make their lives easier. Her lectures are always so interesting and she genuinely cares about your opinion-even if it counters her own. If you are thinking about taking her-DO IT!
5.0 : Awesome Prof and interesting class. No Tests, about 6 quizzes and a couple of papers due. Also Watched a couple of movies.  Pretty easy as long as you pay attention.
5.0 : She is extremely passionate about the subjects she teaches. This class was extremely interesting and mind-opening! She never "takes sides" for what is wrong and what is right, which I liked! She treats you like you're a friend in the class and makes you feel noticed when you're in a class of 50+ people. I'd recommend this course to everyone!
5.0 : Professor Baum is very kind and passionate about her field of study. The class I took, Representing the Holocaust in Words and Images, was interesting but redundant. Three weeks in I felt as if we had covered everything and were overkilling all topics. I really liked her as a person but was bored by the class and struggled to sit through a lecture.
5.0 : Interesting class and amazing professor! one quiz and one 250 word journal every week. midterm is a 3 page paper and the final is a 750 word essay. class is worth 1,000 points and she gives opportunities for up to 100 points in extra credit. Definitely reccomend this class!
5.0 : Amazing teacher and amazing class!  Loved her teaching style so much I also took Jewish 101, and declared a minor in Jewish studies.   Highly recommend taking this class, as well as others.
4.0 : She's very passionate about the subject and knows what she's talking about. The homework is very simple and quick.
4.5 : I took Hebrew studies 261 online and I have to say its one of the best classes I've ever taken. Baum is amazing and super nice, always answers your questions, and is there to talk if the material disturbs you too much. Class is easy and fun, mostly discussion posts and a few quizzes. I have to say the the material is extremely disturbing though.
5.0 : She is amazing and super passionate about the subject. She is very pro-student and encourages you to share your honest opinion. She gives the opportunity to get upwards of 10% extra credit. Super easy A and I would recommend this class to anyone. I missed a quiz, a couple journals and 4 classes and I still got an A with the extra credit.
5.0 : I took two classes with Dr. Kailin - both in the short term format and loved it.  Out of all the Ed Policy classes, I learned the most from Ed Pol 625 and 626, which had to do with Dr. Kailin's teachings, the format, and the collaboration and intense thinking with my classmates.
4.5 : There are few teachers that I have appreciated as much as I appreciate Dr. Kailin. I find myself reflecting on the things that I had learned from Dr. Kailin. I cannot recommend her enough. Do yourself a favor, choose this class. You will not regret it.
3.5 : Dr. Kailin is very passionate about the class and she knows a lot about the topic. She'll tell you a lot of personal stories but they're all really interesting and you will learn something. The readings are necessary for assignments but not really for class. I had this as a weekend class so we also had food every class which made it even better.
1.0 : States grades will be posted by certain times but they are NEVER posted on time. LACKS ANY FORM OF PUNCTUALITY. Rarely responds to emails. Never viewed 2 of my papers but emailed and said she was having troubles getting grades on D2L but had everything graded (so she lies). I would never take a class with her again. Made a fun class dreadful.
5.0 : Prof Tym is very clear on her expectations (read syllabus) and lenient on extending due dates if necessary. The class itself is very easy. Every week there is a question answered with your opinion backed up by the reading. Every week there is also either a two page double spaced paper or five question quiz. All based directly from reading.
5.0 : Great teachers, very nice and knows what she is talking about, but she doesnt seem to have time for this class. She is late every single week and will never respond to emails. I have been emailing the TA instead and also have trouble getting a speedy response from her. She has canceled class because of personal reasons as well.
5.0 : Great instructor. Had her for Philosophy-ethical dilemmas in healthcare. Papers, small assignments, and group project but nothing stressful. Lots of interesting case studies are looked at. She's fun and really nice. Wish she taught more classes. This was the only class I looked forward to that particular semester
4.0 : I took her online medical ethics class.  In the beginning she gave a week layout of how to complete the weeks assignments, however as a student this was not possible to follow because she never posted the stuff on time.  She would also promise to have grades back by a certain time, and never followed through.
2.5 : We have 3 grades posted for the whole semester and we are done with class. We have no idea where we stand with grades, she never posted quizzes or drop boxes until after the assignments were due, and she never responded to any discussion post or e-mails. Terrible at responding, worst online experience ever. I don't know what the TA does.
5.0 : As long as you came to class and applied some thought into the assignments, it was pretty simple. You learn a lot from her classes.
5.0 : Sziarto is a good professor, it is clear she has been doing it for many years. Be prepared to take a ton of notes and show up to the lecture. If you have a basic understanding of politics and regional studies, you will pass this class easily. I never touched the textbook, so don't bother buying it.
4.0 : I really liked her and you can tell she's been teaching for a long time. The lectures have a lot of information and the quizzes are pretty difficult sometimes, but it's a good class with a good professor and TAs. She's always pushing back dates for quizzes, so it's pretty nice. I'd get the book, too, it helps.
4.0 : I love her as a professor and person, &amp; although I don't really care for the material in this class, she gets my attention. The weekly quizzes (online) are pretty hard, &amp; so was the first exam so far. It's a ton of information in 50 mins so it's hard to get everything down, but it's alright. It's not an easy class if you don't know your stuff.
5.0 : Not a class you can get an easy A in, but it's not too bad. Sziarto knows her stuff so well and you can tell how passionate she is about it. Having some prior geography knowledge and knowing about the world is key. Go to lecture and the discussion, and you'll do just fine.
5.0 : Absolutely loves the material and is very flexible with the class Charismatic professor with well driven goals A bit more reading than most students can handle, but she acknowledged she would reduce it for the next times she teaches the class
1.0 : The entire course lacks consistency. Somehow it's history and land geography and current affairs all tied into one and then some. She puts pictures up for her slides, but no context, you just have to write down what she says and she talks a mile a minute. You get a book but she doesn't follow it, and encourages students never to use google. Awful.
5.0 : Prof Sziarto loads the lecture previews on D2L but they have some empty blanks, the important things need to be filled in by being at lectures.  Quizzes are almost every week on D2L, 25 questions but you get 3-4 attempts. She also gives big reviews but when I did the WHOLE review and also studied  the past quizzes, I received A's on every test.
4.5 : We had a semester long paper which requires effort if you want to receive a good grade, but its about whatever you want which makes it interesting.  She is very approachable and is always there if you have questions on anything. Very interesting course content as well.
4.0 : She is a funny little lady who tries to inspire her students to put in the effort to work and help yourself out by learning.  Very clear cut when comes to grading, collects all homework and quizzes on days of tests so you have a little le-way on not having to do homework daily but she builds off of the previous lectures so attendance is mandatory.
4.5 : she really went out of her was to be available for extra help and to help students pass the class.
4.0 : She's kind of picky when it comes to grading tests but other than that she's extremely helpful. For someone like myself who isn't good at Trig, her tests are EXACTLY like the reviews she gives. Sometimes she isn't clear as to what she's trying to say, however you get the gist of it and can follow along. Definitely recommend her!
4.5 : It was years since I last took Math. As an Adult student she is great. When she explained each subject, she was clear and made it extremely easy to understand math concepts.
1.0 : I took math 117 with an absolute love of math and a basic understanding of trig. But I dropped it and am taking 117 during the Winterim. Ms Kleyman's accent is extremely hard to understand and her teaching style is Horrible. I would even explain topics more clearly to other students, but was not sure I could pass the class with this teacher.
4.0 : I was really looking forward to the class when the syllabus put an emphasis on the conceptual; however, the projects were highly commercial. Only the first two projects touched on anything conceptual but were quite trite. The class could have been really awesome if the projects were better. He's a really friendly guy though.
4.5 : Took five (or 6) total classes of his. I didn't always get As, although I got several, but I left his classes actually knowing things. The information lives in my brain beyond his tests (which are hard but fair.) Oh, and finals are usually cumulative. But this is the single best professor I had, and I went to UW and UWM. He knows but he also cares.
5.0 : Funniest, coolest, most engaging teacher ever. I'm happy to see he's got a perfect 5 on this thing. He is a model teacher, and aught to be respected if not emulated.
5.0 : The man is pure inspirational!
4.0 : I took the hybrid version of her class and enjoyed it. She's a good teacher and answers any questions (but you won't have many). Offers a lot of extra credit and is very forgiving during grading. I would recommend her.
4.5 : Great professor! Clear and very helpful, perfect for foreign language!
5.0 : Wonderful professor. She does not have a thick accent. Easy grader, if you put in the work and participate. She takes attendance on her own every day, don't skip! She likes to do group work and call on you when you least expect it. Her passion for Italian shows in her teaching. Very helpful when planning a study abroad as well. Would take again.
4.5 : Italian 103 is a fairly easily straightforward class like the entire Italian language and most Latin based languages. Signora Ferrentino does a good job speaking a mix of Italian and English. Enough so that you get a elementary grasp on the language. Good professor for your first language course in college.
5.0 : She encourages creative thinking as long as it's based in what the text actually says. If you actually put effort into your work, you'll pass her class.
4.0 : Very interesting class discussions, but very unclear on grading criteria, which made it difficult to produce a paper of her approval.
3.0 : Very interesting topic and discussion. Stuhmiller herself is interesting and super nice, but she's extremely strict with grading even though she's very unclear about what she expects. It's very hard to improve because she doesn't tell you specifically what you're doing wrong.
3.0 : She's  intimidating at first and unclear about what she expects in papers. Very harsh grader and hard to improve even after coming to her for help. There is usually only a couple days between when the paper topic is given and when the paper is due.
5.0 : I was in her Telling Tales class and it starts off difficult, but this is because she hasn't taught you anything yet. She eases you into the class and its workload. There is a decent amount of reading, however, nothing I hated. She is also hysterical. I truly enjoyed her class and believe she has made me a 10x better writer.
5.0 : Honors classes are always (usually) interesting, but her Monsters class was THE best class I have ever taken. The papers are informal and she cares more about depth than length or formality. 10/10 would recommend. Genuinely the most badass professor I have ever had. I have nothing negative to say.
5.0 : Jacqueline is an amazingly intelligent professor, and it definitely shows in the feedback she gives you. I have learned so much in this class, and would definitely recommend it to others.
5.0 : Hands down, one of the best professors I've ever had. You can tell that Jacqueline cares about her students' success. She is extremely knowledgeable, yet very humbling about it. Every discussion our class had enhanced my education greatly. Jacqueline truly inspired me to be the best writer, reader and person that I could be.
5.0 : The course material was challenging but far from impossible. It has helped me improve my writing, analyzation, and comprehension skills immensely.
5.0 : Great class. Some really interesting discussions. Professor knows her stuff
4.0 : He is a really nice professor, very funny too. He is forthright and honest about your work. There is no final. My only problem with this class was that no one except him ever admitted works could be improved. He was the only one to give helpful constructive criticism, which is frustrating in a workshop.
5.0 : James Chapson is an excellent instructor, who gives great constructive criticism. His syllabus is straightforward as he utilizes no textbooks or writing prompts. He allows students the freedom to write whatever they desire. You submit your work and workshop it with the entire class. He's amiable, funny, and lenient.
5.0 : Jim is the best teacher I've ever had. There is no excuse not to have him if you can.
4.0 : Jim Shields is really full of himself, but he knows it and is willing to joke around with a dry humor and quick wit. Not my favorite architect, for sure, but overall a fairly decent studio.
5.0 : I hated Shields in 410. He was cocky, arrogant, and generally unpleasant. When I realized I was taking another one of his classes I expected the same. What I got instead was a funny, friendly, and really smart professor who expects a lot but was always available for feedback. Went from one of my least favorite to one of my favorite professors.
5.0 : I love Jim. He gives tough critics, for sure. He doesn't seem arrogant, don't know why people were saying that. Awesome man, funny and jokes a lot, but very serious when it comes to work. Consider yourself lucky if you have him. You'll learn so, so much.
5.0 : Tyson was my first honors professor. He made a great first impression of the honors dept at uwm. I would recommend him to everyone! Take him before you leave the honors department for sure!
5.0 : Amazing. Sad he's gone.
5.0 : My favorite chemistry professor, his door was always open to help out with homework. The class is difficult, but he is a very fair grader. He gives you a questions on each exam that will really push your understanding but he grades it like no one would get it right, with lots of partial credit. You  you have to do the homework.
3.5 : Inorganic Chemistry is not easy, but if you attend lecture and do the homework and take notes you can get an A in this class. He allows you to bring notes for the tests, which if unorganized and unstudied will not help. Not hard to pass just do as expected and be a diligent student.
4.5 : I had to retake this course and I chose Vytaras. He is a great professor who is very enthusiastic about the material. Teaches by examples instead of proofs for actual applications of the material. It is of course a difficult class, but Vytaras works to make sure the students will succeed. Tough exams as to be expected. Pay attention and do homework
5.0 : Very thorough with his explanations. Class is on the tougher side but that's expected because it's meant to be a prep course for the Actuarial FM exam
4.0 : Solid professor. Teaches through many examples. Exams follow homework. This isn't easy material, so this isn't an easy class.
5.0 : My favorite professor. I completely failed the first exam becuase I skipped lecture. Bad idea. I went to him for help and I got a B- in the end. He relates the class to real life very well. Go see him for help if you have any problems. He is amazing and cares about students! It's a hard class but he is the best possible teacher for it.
4.5 : Balmer's thermodynamics class might be one of the easiest classes I've taken so far.  I read little to nothing in the book and feel as if I have a large grasp on the material.  I think the biggest downfall for students in the courses is the little experience they have determining how the applications work and how the laws of thermodynamics applies.
4.0 : Not to bad as long as you attend class and pay attention.  Open book, open note exams.  Great guy, made the tough book material a lot easier to understand with handouts.  Rambles a bit, but very interesting!
5.0 : Really great teacher. Way too qualified to teach this course. It's clear he wants his students to learn the material, not just pass the class and is always open to questions. Would definitely take a course taught by him again. Dad jokes.
4.5 : I failed the first test, so I started going in for help on the homework and he was very helpful. I ended up getting a B in the class. If you show that you have learned a concept that you got wrong on a previous test then he will base your grade off of how well he thinks you know the material.
5.0 : Great professor.  Really really intelligent and great at getting to the essentials of the topic without making it really complicated.
5.0 : The professor has changed the layout of the class compared to the earlier comments. The class is no longer self-paced, and she periodically unlocks units for completion. The class was based on 6 quizzes, 2 projects, and some extra-credit. The content is pretty interesting, textbook is necessary, if you read and take notes you should get an A
4.5 : Took this as an online class. It was hard getting use to ONLY because it was my first time taking an online course. But Christine makes it really easy to breeze through. There are lots of quizzes, but they're super easy as long as you read the chapters and watch the assigned videos. Super interesting topics. Loved this class!
5.0 : Take this class Online!! And rent the book off Amazon, you'll need it. But this calss takes minumum effort, its 6 quizes and 4 assignments (make sure you follow directions specifically) and they are all easy!! I am a CC- student and I got an A... so take it.
5.0 : Anthro 104 with Professor Hamlin was an enjoyable class. Prof Hamlin is always quick to reply to emails and gives very detailed feedback on the short papers that were required for 104. Overall very easy grader as long as consult the rubric. If I needed more Social Sciences GER, I would definitely take other classes with Prof Hamlin.
5.0 : Jeb is a great professor, he is funny and he helps you with whatever questions you have. Good at explaining things and easy to understand. Overall a great teacher!
4.5 : TLDR; Jeb is a great teacher! Jeb's treatment of Real Analysis (Advanced Calc) is pedantic and through. The material is rigorous, but Jeb takes the time to carefully explain concepts in multiple ways and clears defines everything. You will learn a ton, and if you put in the work, you will have an exceptionally strong understanding of the material!
5.0 : Jeb is a great teacher. He turned one of my most difficult classes into an interest. His love for the subject and caring attitude really sets the students up for success. It is not an easy class but Jeb makes it as bearable as possible Highly recommend him as a professor.
5.0 : Good professor, helped me with research and methods.
1.0 : Aims does not walk into the class with a lesson plan. He lectures regardless of class relevancy. Aims class was titled "Historical Method- Theory and Research" but we never even discussed this beyond having a librarian tell us how to use their website. Avoid him unless its an online course. Grading is fair to easy. Listening to him is torture.
4.0 : Sweet guy. Ask him to tell the U2 story, you won't regret it.
5.0 : The class was to teach you how to write history papers. Lots of hard work but I became a better writer. That's the point isn't it? If he was teaching another class I needed, I'd take it.
3.5 : Aims is a very absent minded professor. He never has a lecture planned for his 3 hour class and you are never given time in class to talk about your papers or do research. Instead, you have to listen to him ramble about something that has nothing to do with the course content for 3 hours. He is a very easy grader and will help you if you ask for it
4.5 : Professor Fang was an enjoyable professor to have. She is occasionally funny and seems genuinely concerned that you understand the material. The exams are pretty tough, spend a good amount of time studying for them. Group project at the end is pretty long but manageable. I would take this with Fang if I had to again.
4.5 : Professor Fang explains concepts clearly and made a class that I'm not particularly interested in fairly enjoyable.  The class had 3 MC exams (25 Q's each with 8x11 cheat sheet), 3 homework assignments, and a simulation game.  Her lectures are PowerPoints, and she doesn't really use the textbook (she's also okay with using older editions).
3.0 : Fang is surprisingly a very good teacher! Very clear in what she expects. Three homework assignments and three exams. Get to use a 8x11 cheat sheet, but exams are only 20 questions so each question is worth 5%. One group project, but not too bad. Fang is very good with helping with questions and responds to emails almost right away.
1.0 : Horrible! Stay away!
1.0 : Took class online during Winterim &amp; regretted it. Quizzes allow 2 attempts, but only 9min for 10Qs. Quiz Q's are direct from readings and videos. Tests may contain some quiz questions. Lot of reading, &amp; a few long videos. Writing assignments were confusing &amp; vague, can't cite textbook, papers footnote format.  Replies to D2L/emali Q's not helpful.
4.5 : Engaging &amp; very interesting course-totally knows his subject &amp; is willing to help improve your overall study &amp; writing skills. Uses great videos, ppts, etc. The text written by him is well done. Almost impossible workload for 22-day course, so recommend taking full-semester course. I wish I could've fit in other Classics courses with Prof Porter.
4.5 : Great teacher!
5.0 : The reading was pretty dense and took a few times reading to get a good score on the quizzes, but it was a shortened winter semester so it is to be expected.  Overall the workload was tough but manageable and the Instructor was able to convey clearly what was expected through the online class medium
5.0 : Porter is a great professor--you will find yourself engaged in a subject you previously had no interest in! Note: If you are a student who considers the required textbook "optional," buy it for this course! The textbook is essential for doing well.
4.5 : Take Classics 170 online!  It is far easier than taking it in person and you will really learn alot from how the course is structured.  It was basically self-paced.  All multiple choice chapter quizzes you could take multiple times and a 3-4 page "research paper".  Save the questions from the quizzes b/c they're the same as the exams!
3.0 : Take my advice, pick a class that can teach you something life applicable instead of mythology. Electives should help round your experience, not drag you down. He does not give directions clearly, all lengthy and very wordy. I would not take this class again and would not recommend the professor. Textbook is privately published by the professor.
5.0 : Best Prof hands down. This class should be required just because he teaches it. Do the work, come to class, and pay attention. These three things guarantee that you learn Greek and do well at it.
5.0 : Simply first rate. Classes may be a bit dry at times but if that would bother you I don't see why you'd be enrolling in the program anyway.
4.0 : This is not a easy course. You will work your ass off. In fact you may hate life while en rolled. As tough as the  course work is he will work tireless with you. He is very knowledgeable and passionate. He is also  very laid back when it comes to grading but only if you put in the effort.  Great class for the undecied
4.0 : I took Myth-170 for a humanities course because it sounded fun.  I don't know that I will ever need to know Zeus' family tree later in life, but I DID really enjoy the class.  Dr. Porter is super nice.  The papers were a bit out of my comfort zone, which I liked-- it helped me to become a more creative/critical thinker and a better writer, honestly
5.0 : I took this class in the summer so it was a short 6 weeks. You need to read the book and understand whats going on to get a good grade. You also have to do all the quizzes if you expect to get an A. There is A LOT of homework and 2 papers. I recommend taking it online... I used google a lot on the timed quizzes.
4.5 : Andrea Westlund is really kind, really clear, really thoughtful, and she listens to her students. She makes you feel that your questions and comments are welcome and heard. She is flexible when you're having a hard time as long as you talk to her. This was a great class and helped restore my faith in the future of academic philosophy.
5.0 : Great Prof! By far my favorite so far. The first prof ive had that is actually passionate and interested in the material. It's obvious that she cares!
5.0 : Lindsay's lectures were super interesting and you can tell she is passionate about what she teaches. I loved her use of examples, specifically the Post Secrets. She made it relatable to college students and made you want to show up to lecture.
4.0 : Good teacher, the class mainly focuses on the Discussion portion.
2.0 : The class is so poorly organized. There are only 2 assignments in the first 3 months of the semester and 6 assignments due in the last few weeks. And the 2 papers require the exact same thing twice over. It doesn't make sense. I like the content and my TA is great, but the prof seriously needs to rethink how students will get more out of the class.
4.0 : Lindsay is a huge personality and can be a bit "out there" at times. If that's not your style, you're going to be annoyed during her lectures. Overall, I enjoyed the course and got a good grade. Beware of exams - very difficult and tricky.
5.0 : Ms. Timmerman is very interested in the class material.  She uses post secrets to help with examples and is very thorough in her explanations.  Great professor.
5.0 : Dr. Timmerman always made class fun and about us. Her energy is really helpful and she is always willing to go out of her way to help out.
4.5 : really funny professor. Lectures are legitimately interesting and interactive.
5.0 : I love this professor! Her lectures are fun but you need to really pay attention to do well on her difficult exams. Assignments are easy though. She gives great feedback and is always available.
4.0 : Japanese  is a pretty hard class, but I really liked it! Suga-sensei was a good professor to have for Japanese 101.
5.0 : Drewianka is a super smart guy, and it shows when he is talking about the material.   He always curves the exam grades in his classes, but if you show up to class and pay attention then you probably won't even need it.
3.0 : Romila is genuinely a good person. She's just a little too much for my style of professor. Unlike many classes, the syllabus was TOO detailed and she makes the class out to be more complicated than it has to be! Aside from that, she cares about her students and gives many opportunities for students to get an A.
5.0 : Romila is one of the nicest and most detail oriented professors I've ever had. You are given every opportunity to prove your understanding of course concepts. The syllabus is large, but it is the only thing you are given all semester - it is very comprehensive/clear. Pay attention, participate in class, and take notes and you should get an A.
4.5 : She gives detailed and thoughtful responses to any written work that you turn in.  Exams (midterm &amp; final) were open notes but not open book.  Easy grader.  She likes when people participate in class and seem interested.  I learned a lot in her class and I would definitely take it again!
3.0 : Romila is a very, very accommodating professor. Her teaching style is fair, and she goes out of her way to help students. She also quickly responds to e-mail. However, the lectures are extremely long and she goes into A LOT of detail on topics and classwork/homework which sometimes leaves you confused. There is a ton of homework. You can't keep up.
5.0 : The class itself has a lot of content, but she does everything she can to help students understand the materials. She gives ample of opportunities to pass the class with an easy A only if you take advantage of the opportunities. The class is graded by quizzes, exams, group project and a paper.
4.5 : I had to retake this class with Mary and it was the best thing I could have done. She is super easy but keeps class interesting if you're there for education. She is interested in her students and is really good about answering questions. SUPER easy grader and the quizzes and exams are often take home/open book. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Maryann is the best professor I've ever had at UWM. She knows every student by name and will often talk to everyone 1:1 before class to see how they're doing. Her class is easy and if you show up, participate and do the projects you'll get an A. Her lectures are super inspirational so definitely go to class.
2.5 : Professor Czarnezki is a very tough grader. She makes you write all of your notes, and does not put her power points online. Her tests are very hard, so be prepared to learn everything inside and out. She does not have a D2L, and uses outdated videos. She  really enjoys teaching and what she teaches, but very dry and boring to listen too.
5.0 : Tom is so great. Would take any class taught by him. Always in a good mood and cares about his students. As long as he sees you making an effort and participating, he'll give you an A. Brought in a lot of guest speakers.
5.0 : Tom is awesome. I have never had such a respectful professor that cares about his students so much. He is really one of a kind professor that genuinely wants his students to achieve and learn real world, hands on issues in media. I would take any course by him.
5.0 : Genuinely interested in his students success. Great teacher, always brought in great guest speakers and arranged field trips. If in need of a Jams class and are interested in sports, take this one! Only one night a week as well!
4.5 : If you think yoga is for lazy people to exercise... you thought wrong.  You will be given a full body work out in Tracey's classes.  I really enjoyed her class.  You will not only strengthen your body, increase balance and flexibility, but you may even look at yourself and the world in a different way.  I took this for ART credit.  Take her class!
5.0 : The best yoga instructor at this university! You do need the book to complete some of the questions to the 3 assignments you have all semester. Super understanding and helps everyone no matter what their experience level is. Nicest professor I've had!
5.0 : This professor is awesome! He does not move on until students grasp the concepts. Discussion sections are very helpful, as the worksheets needed to be completed serve as a full study guide. There are no trick questions on exams. He even mentions what will be on the exam a week before. Go to lecture though, it makes the class easier to understand.
4.0 : He's great, really excited about what he's teaching! He sometimes get's off track though. Lectures help make the material way easier to understand.  And if you can pick the TA, pick AISHWARYA! I've made up classes with the other TAs but she really does a great job explaining things and providing clarity!
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at UWM! Dr. Kuchin is very smart, a great lecturer, and tries to keep the students engaged. He increased my interest in genetics through his enthusiasm and fun lectures.
4.0 : Loved him and the material that was presented. Fair and straightforward material and made sure he cleared any doubts students might have had. Definitely recommend. Maria was an awesome TA!
5.0 : I've taken 3 classes w/Dr. Kerr at IWU&amp;I love her! For her upper level classes, she assigns articles to read before every class, which you may or may not have a quiz on. Participation is essential if you want to get an A. She will also assign one long paper as well as a 20 min presentation (no notes). She is clear in what she's looking for w/these
4.5 : Dr. Kerr is one of my favorite professors here at IWU. Her lectures are engaging and interesting to listen to. I have taken a few of her classes, and I always looked forward to going. Definitely not an automatic A, but if you participate and engage, its achievable!
5.0 : Good professor. She explains things so they are easy to understand.  I had her for two classes and never had a problem contacting her or getting a response
2.0 : She pretty strict, she moves over material way too fast, she was nearly impossible to get a hold of and never got back to me at all.  I hated her.
5.0 : This guy is juicy, makes you want to come to class, even though material is hard to grasp. 1 weekly HW assignment (HW25% of grade), 3 non-cumulative exams 25% each. Offers old exams and videos for study material. Enjoy.
5.0 : He is a champion of champions. Really an incredible, fun and passionate logician. I cannot highly enough recommend his class to anyone, especially students outside philosophy. The logic you learn in his class is incredibly valuable for anyone who wants to be a 'better' thinker.
5.0 : The atmosphere he creates in his class is one you want to STRIVE to learn in, he makes class great and interesting. He is also a hilarious teacher. He gives out great material, answers questions thoroughly and is very easy going. If you need a credit in humanities, I implore you to TAKE HIS CLASS! One of the best professors at UWM hands down!
5.0 : Knachel is a great professor.  His lectures are very funny and he gives good examples and notes.  There will be a small homework assignment each week, practice exams, and extra credit.
5.0 : Knachel is literally the best professor I've ever had. I was wary taking this course, (so many of my friends have struggled with it) but I'm so glad I took it. Not only is he an incredibly good teacher, the layout of the course is SO clear. You have to work hard and pay attention to the online lecture, but he's there to help (if you even need it).
5.0 : Lots of viewing requirements that are necessary to do well. Gives a great lecture, entertaining and informative but doesn't stray off track (too much).  Voice like chocolate in your ear.  Highly recommend.
5.0 : Matt is a great professor. He is witty and very understandable. Most of his examples however, will consistently make fun of the republican party. So if you are easily offended by political digs, maybe avoid taking him. Taking it online is the best in my opinion because you can view all of his lectures at double the speed.
5.0 : I had no proclivity to the subject, but class is so enjoyable you'll actually want to attend. I found it effortless to pay attention and his notes are tops. In fact, no one does it better. The material isn't easy, but the way he built the course makes it VERY easy to do well. Just do the practice exams. No cumulative final.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had. He engages students in material, explains things multiple ways and answers questions thoroughly so understanding the material feels easy. He is a pretty hilarious guy, too! Awesome professor.
5.0 : great
5.0 : By far the best professor I've had. He is absolutely hilarious and makes it a point to bring excitement into the class.   TAKE THE CLASS!
5.0 : Knachel is awesome. He gives fun examples to help us understand the content, explains concepts well, and is open to questions and discussion. Practice exams are given in advance and he posts videos to review them, so if you show up and use the tools given, you'll have no problem getting a good grade.
5.0 : Such a funny professor, made lectures fun to go to
5.0 : Prof. Knachel is great! He really knows the subject matter and he delivers it in an amazing manner. I relied a lot on his class notes more than the textbook (which we only used to do homework) so don't skip class and you'll be fine!
4.0 : Dr. Vang is a great professor. Well organized and knows the material well. The subject matter is hard to stomach, but is well taught. Would recommend and take again. It was a cool class because you not only read the text but you get to read a great novel too.
4.0 : Dr. Vang is a good teacher. The class does require a lot of reading (50-100 pagesweek). But lectures are interesting and she is a fair grader. Really nice teacher as well. You could do much worse if you're just fulfilling a general requirement.
5.0 : Professor Vang is awesome. She cares deeply for all her students and wants everyone to succeed. The quizzes in lecture are specific and challenging, but I found meeting with the TA/her weekly to discuss the content prepared me enough to get an A every time. You have to put in extra effort to do well in this class, but she knows her stuff.
5.0 : funny guy, and good/useful lectures
3.5 : He has a heavy accent that does take getting used to, but after that he's very clear in what he says. He presents the material in a concise, engaging way and lets the students run the seminar. If you show up, work out a problem or two on the white board, and do the homework, then the tests will be easy.
4.0 : Good professor, explains examples well and approachable. He has quizzes every wednesday that he picks from the text book. The same goes for exams too. Dont memorize the solution but learn how to do the problems and you shouldnt have a problem in his class.  Fall 2015
4.0 : The tests are blue book format and pretty tough, but she teaches the material well and seems to love the subject.
4.5 : Great class and great teacher! The tests are pretty difficult, but it's an overall enjoyable class.
3.5 : He's super chill and laid back but SO DISORGANIZED. Always losing his place, awkward pauses, not sure what he's talking about and notes never made sense because he doesn't know basic english grammar. Exams require a ton of prep as they are 5-7 essays. Class and reading is essential to passing
5.0 : Very knowledgeable and relaxed, He knows his stuff.
5.0 : Joseph is a great, passionate professor. His love for History only becomes more and more evident throughout the semester. His explanations are clear, and concise. He even modified how the exam was structured after people did poorly on the first one. He really wants you to succeed and remains non-biased through his lectures. Do the work, get an A.
5.0 : one of the best professors I have ever had. very easy class.
4.0 : Such an amazing person and professor. She made the environment welcoming and inviting for a freshman in their first semester of college. Highly recommend taking her classes, she's the best!
4.5 : Evelyn is one of the best professors I have taken. I would recommend her to anyone. Taking conflict and mediation in the same day has made my Tuesdays wonderful! Both classes are similar in structure. For mediation we were required to do a service-learning component that was excellent. I highly recommend you don't leave college without taking her!
5.0 : Evelyn became my favorite college professor ever after I took this course. Lectures are inspiring and she really cares about her students.
5.0 : Amazing educator. I cannot recommend her highly enough.
5.0 : Professor Ang is by far the best professor i've had at UWM. She was extremely kind, always helpful, always making sure to include everyone in discussions and making sure material was clear. The content of the course was very interesting and she made the class fun and I looked forward to going every class period! She was fantastic!
5.0 : Literally the best teacher i have ever had. She is part of the reason I have decided to teach. Take every class you can with her. If you have a journal requirement like in 192, and 363, DO IT OR YOU WILL FAIL. Its easy and if you fail because of it you put no effort into anything.
5.0 : For my first year and semester, she was my favorite teacher so far. She is the nicest lady someone can meet. She is very understanding if you forgot an assignment and she makes you feel so comfortable in class.  You do have to read but not a lot we barely go over it and never have tests. We've had 2 common sense quizzes.
5.0 : Evelyn is the best teacher I have had at UWM. I had some personal struggles when i was taking her class and she was very kind and understanding.  The work load isn't overwhelming and she does a wonderful job of meeting you where you are at and gently guiding you forward from there.  Highly recommend. Very inclusive and welcoming.
5.0 : All around fantastic!
4.0 : Dr. DK was always there and even willing to meet outside of office hours if needed. She cares about her students and makes it very clear that without procrastinating the class is not as hard as many make it out to be. Overall, a great professor who is understanding and wants her students to succeed.
2.5 : Dr DK has a great personality that does not make you fall asleep in class. She makes funny comments and jokes around which is sometimes needed to keep the students entertained. However, she does not give enough good feedback. The revisions are done in the research groups which I find unhelpful. Overall,great person but not very helpful.
5.0 : By far my favorite class and professor at UWM. DK makes class more than enjoyable and is very funny. She will take time to help you, and will help you pass. Best teacher! Very one on one. Wish she taught more English classes at UWM! I highly recommend English 101 and 102 with her!
3.5 : Dr DK is a good teacher. She always responded to emails and gave a lot of feedback. She didn't give a calendar of assignments which made things a bit challenging. She can be a little free form with what she wants but the course tightens up at the end. If was taking another English course I'd look for her.
2.0 : Dr DK favors her previous students from 101 over her new students in 102. Not a very enjoyable class. Very funny as a person. You will rely on your peers for feedback which can be stressful.
5.0 : Professor DK- Has definitely been the best instructor I've had in my 3 years at UWM. Her form of teaching is great, and she really cares. If you need help she will do whatever she can to help. Great teacher, I definitely recommend taking her for English.
4.5 : She was extremely friendly and saved me so much at the end of the semester
3.5 : Good  teacher! Her class can get kind of boring, but there is not really any homework besides the 3 essays for your end portfolio.
3.0 : Lilly is a nice person, but I thought she was very much a control freak &amp; worried about silly things too much &amp; made me seem like I was back in high school. She knows her stuff though, and she definitely gives good feedback on your projects and how you could improve on them, so she's a good teacher in that way. Overall she just kinda needs to chill
4.0 : Lilly is a solid professor in film. She knows her stuff and she has a nice blend of helpful critics and pushes you to go out of your comfort zone. She can be tough at times and it certainly isn't easy, but you get what you put into it and she will help build a solid foundation for your film career
2.0 : If you make one mistake good luck. I wish i wouldnt have taken his class. my friend dropped it and i wish i would have too!
5.0 : Christopher is very educated and knows a lot about Italian and the Mafia. He is Italian himself and very nice. He makes class interesting and fun. Christopher makes it easy and straight forward. I found the content very interesting and learned so much about Italy and the mafia. Makes me wish I could speak italian, and go there. Thanks Christopher
4.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever had.
1.0 : If you missed high school teaching, he's the one you go for. Not a college level teacher at all. attendance is not just based on showing up. You won't get point for just sitting there, you have to act like you are so into the class ALL THE TIME to get points. Never Posted any grades on D2L, so you don't know how good or bad you doing in class
5.0 : One of the best Professors I've ever had. He is fun and knows the material. He breaks everything down and I enjoyed his class. It pays to go to the extra credit opportunities and ask questions. He is nice and willing to help students. I am grateful for him and his  knowledge of Italy and the mafia.
3.0 : Two required texts you read all semester at a slow pace. One midterm and one final. Two homework assignments that count for 5% each. Participation is mandatory and is graded through in class small group discussions. Take notes all semester as they help when it comes to the tests. You also watch a ton of clips and movies.
4.0 : He's really funny and awesome. Class can get repetitive but overall interesting and a good dude
5.0 : Prof Celi is awesome. He's hilarious and makes the class so much more appealing/interesting. There was only a midterm and final. It seems scary, however, it wasn't bad at all as long as you went to class &amp; paid attention. Highly recommend taking this if you need an international requirement.
4.0 : Very interesting class and Mr. C is a great teacher.  Attendance and participation are key (you'll work in groups often) but you'll learn more that way and be well-prepared for exams (which are essay so do take a while to grade).  Must bring texts to class.  Definitely recommended if you are willing to do the work and aren't just there for a grade.
4.0 : Professor Celi is an awesome professor. He is very approachable, clearly writes the information you need on the board, and always trys to get everyone involved in a discussion. Midterm and final were a breeze if you payed attention in class, few writing assignments but lots of reading, it is interesting content. He made this class a lot of fun!
5.0 : His class is really interesting and easy to follow. Highly recommend his course.
5.0 : Very strong teacher and takes time to make sure everyone understands the material. He has good english and great knowledge about the subject. Highly suggest you take him for 450! Pretty funny guy too.
3.0 : Great professor. However, there is way, way too much busy work for this course. It's such a simple course but is loaded with multiple papers, weekly assignments, and exams. I would not recommend this course for full time students. It's a struggle to keep up...
5.0 : Great professor, knows what she's talking about, passionate about her work. Quizzes are easy if you study.
5.0 : awesome teacher!  always available for office hours.
5.0 : She is one of the best profs I have ever had at uwm.  I am now taking more philosophy courses because of her.
5.0 : Awesome Professor! If you enjoy econ you'll his class. Loves what he teaches and it shows.
4.0 : The only reason I'm not giving him a 5 is because sometimes the online PDFs and quiz questions are vague. I think this would be mitigated in an in person lecture, because he seems pretty helpful and willing to answer questions. He even sends out a weekly email reminding us to take the quizzes. Would recommend if you're an Econ major or minor.
5.0 : I am not the best at economics, but Professor Heywood is very helpful. He has a lot of office hours, which helped me. He will even let you sit outside his office and do homework and go into his office and ask questions when you need. Tests are curved, which is great because the content is very difficult. He's quirky and very nice!
5.0 : Umali is awesome.  I've only been to 2 lectures at the time of writing this and I would already recommend taking Film-150.  He likes to talk sports and knows a lot about everything.  A nice class that offers both Cultural Diversity credit and Arts credit.  Definitely try and get into this class.
4.5 : If you want to do your Cultural Diversity, do Film 150 with Umali. He is one of the nicest and coolest professors on campus. He's hard on the "real" Film kids. But this class he just enjoys to watch movies and talk about them, and tries to learn something about every student. Umali = Awesome
5.0 : I took his online Animation class. Renato is very thorough in his lectures and pretty much if you stay up to date on the homework you never will have to worry. The few times I was struggling with code he was extremely helpful and responded quickly as well as explaining what was wrong. He also complimented on work he felt went beyond the assignments
5.0 : Renato is an incredible teacher. I am currently in his online coding class and it does get a bit challenging. He is very understanding in general and works with students to see them succeed. I haven't even met the guy, but I have had less problems with him than I've had with teachers in person, and this is learning a completely new skill.
5.0 : Super super easy course, and an amazing teacher. Basically show up the first day and get on his good side (which is super easy) and you're golden for the semester!
5.0 : Great teacher, great courses. Cares about your grade and will respond quickly to questions. Wants you to succeed.
5.0 : Umali is awesome. Definitely take this class if you need a cultural diversity credit. Umali really takes an interest in his students lives and gets to know them a bit. Make small talk with him. Mostly just watched interesting films in this class and talked about them. Class did require 15 hours or service learning which was pretty easy.
5.0 : Renato is possibly one of the most reasonable teachers out there. The man is very good at giving feedback, and very obviously cares about his students' progress, well-being, and even their attitude toward their class. Renato is a reliable teacher, and peer and anyone should have at least one experience with him. Any less would be missing out.
5.0 : He's the best. He's so funny and uses humor to help students understand the material. Super interactive and makes people very comfortable performing skits or playing games in front of the class.
5.0 : Joel was by far the best teacher I have ever had! He is awesome! He knows &amp; loves the material, he teaches in a way that is interesting and fun. I would look forward to going to his class. We played games nearly every class, but we would learn so much from the games it was so cool. He is very understanding and approachable. Joel is the man!
3.5 : Joel is a great teacher, don't let his methods fool you. There are 5 pop quizzes, 2 exams which are pretty challenging but are curved, a presentation and research paper. The presentation and paper are not hard as long as you work with other people. Joel is overall a good teacher but is hard to follow at times don't expect his class to be an easy A.
5.0 : Amazing teacher for people with no ASL experience. He is deaf, so there is an initially communication barrier, but after a week you get used to it. Joel has a great personality, always cracking jokes (In sign), and really cares about his students.
4.5 : I had Joel for my ASL 1 class. Best professor ever. He was very helpful an accommodating when I had online issues submitting assignments. There is very little homework and he makes lectures interesting with games and activities. I feel very well prepared for ASL 2 now that I had Joel for my first semester.
3.5 : Practice twice a week and you'll be fine. The class is based on participation, 2 exams, and two 2-3 page papers. Papers are pass or fail. Don't miss class and find a group to practice with.
5.0 : This is by far one of the best classes and professors I've encountered at UWM. A class that will make you think, work for your grade, and feel incredibly accomplished when you're finished.  There is a ton of reading and the only grades come from participation and three papers over the semester. Worth taking hands down, I would recommend it any day.
5.0 : UWM needs to sign professor Ferguson to a 5-year, $100 million deal. He should be the face of the franchise, like an Aaron Rodgers or JJ Watt. He encourages a deep understanding of topics and critical thinking. His class is not easy--be prepared to read and write a lot--but I highly recommend it. I mean, you are in school to learn after all, right?
5.0 : Ferguson is a hard grader and expects you to read all of the materials and you need to, in addition to participating in discussions. However, I am very grateful I got the opportunity to learn from him, the classes he teaches are challenging, but I guarantee you will learn things, if you keep an open mind. Fantastic professor!
5.0 : If you ever been interested in reading the classic political philosophy canon or just learning the fundamental philosophy behind politics and the state today I would highly recommend this class. While it isn't an easy A, by the end of the class you'll feel like you really accomplished something.
5.0 : Easily the best professor I've ever had. Classes are all discussion and participation based, 100 levels have exams while upper levels have papers that are difficult, but fair.
4.5 : Great Professor, very interesting material. Must do all readings, not very easy material unless you are a history buff. Grading is not easy like other 200 level, but the topic keeps you going. She is very helpful and very kind! Remembers who you are doesn't make you fell stupid ever!
5.0 : She is easily the best professor I've ever had.  Her history class taught me a ton and if your opinion differs from hers, it doesn't matter.  She actually encourages you to share and doesn't argue or tell you that you're wrong.  She is really passionate about her subject and as such expects that her students take the class seriously.
5.0 : Professor Keenan is the reason I was able to do well in this class. He made the material interesting and easier to understand. He has a lot of experience in the field and his stories compliment his lectures perfectly! I would make sure you go to class as he adds a lot to his powerpoints which you will find on the exams.
5.0 : Overall, I really enjoyed him as a professor. He made everything very clear from the start of the semester. Although, attendance is not technically mandatory he has clicker points that will affect your grades and he adds information to the powerpoints. The best possible way to do well in the course is to attend lecture, and listen to what he says.
5.0 : Tough but fair. Made learning fun and useful.  Really knows how to teach English and always willing to help. Good feedback. You need to come to class.  I think some of those other reviews were from people who dropped out and then were mad that they got a bad grade, duh, what do you expect?  Just follow along, do your homework and you'll do fine.
4.5 : Great teacher. Clear in what she wants but is also very friendly.
4.0 : Good teacher. May almost be too nice and timid to give you good feedback. She often reads about half your paper and give you only feedback on the first half so not very helpful. She's very clear about what she wants from you and how the class is graded though which is good.
5.0 : One of the most brilliant people I've ever met. He can be slow at getting his ideas across, but only because there's so much happening in his mind. He knows his stuff, and will do whatever to help you understand as well. Yes you write papers, but it's a philosophy class; that's to be expected. Overall, one of my favorite professors.
3.0 : Definitely spoke quickly, so a laptop was necessary. The class I took was a 200 level Renaissance art class and we only had one test, a paper, and the final. So that was a bit hard. GO TO EVERY LECTURE!
4.0 : he's very knowledgable and knows what he is talking about. he talks really fast and very loud but is willing to repeat if you did not caught his words. Cool chill guy and always likes to add humor in his lectures. Took 3 of his courses
4.5 : This professor is very, very loud and it takes some getting used to his unique speaking style. However, it really helps one pay attention! Be ready to take a lot of notes, and never miss a class. He doesn't post any notes online, it's all in lecture and all spoken. He makes a boring topic fun to learn. I definitely want to take other courses of his
5.0 : As many people are saying, make sure to go to class! I took art history just for fun and he made it so enjoyable that I'm now considering a minor in this subject
4.5 : Great lectures, very engaging. Very detailed lectures -- hard to make up just by reading the textbook, so skipping class is a no. Attendance required for discussion section but not lecture.
3.0 : As a 101 course, his class was really tough. Grades are based off of two exams, two papers, and discussion participation. Very easy to get behind and be unprepared for the exams because they are so intense and timed. He was a super cool guy though and he really cared about what he was teaching.
4.5 : This class is quite a lot to handle.  With only two exams and two papers, every assignment is important.  There will be about fifty images you need to know for the midterm and final.  Start studying right away so it's not as overwhelming when it comes time to study for the exams.
5.0 : I bought a text book but used it rarely because I took hard core notes and he's so thorough with  lectures so you only need it to choose some art work for your essay.  I say its kinda easy because there is 4 assignments and I put EVERYTHING on my note card :) he's really funny and entertaining.
5.0 : Fantastic teacher. I took him again just so I could hear his great lectures and interact with him. He's hilarious, will tell great stories, and teach you interesting art history to boot. I'd be willing to just sit in his classes for no credit just to hear more of his lectures. If you are able to have him for a teacher, do so. You will not regret it
4.0 : He speaks really loudly and fast, but he gives a lot of crucial info on the topic at hand, and then some! Renaissance was such an interesting class, definitely take your art history classes with him!! STAY ON TOP OF THE STUDYING!!!!!  memorize everything and then study some more!!
4.0 : The guy is very enthusiastic about the subject, which is huge. Art History can be boring, and his lectures are based on slides, but his voice will keep you awake. Aschenbrenner is loud, but not abrasive, which is very helpful. Only two papers, both easy. Exams are based on memorization, so you may need flashcards. Also, don't buy the textbook!
5.0 : A few tips - he talks really fast, so unless you write like the wind bring a laptop for notes. If you miss one lecture, there's a lot of info to make up for. You'll be good on exams if you use flashcards and take good notes. He's a great professor who makes the material fun (and he's pretty funny too).
3.0 : His online class was difficult. The lectures often put me to sleep, very repetitive when he spoke which is unnecessary for an online class when you can go back if you need to. Make sure you stay current with the lectures you'll fall behind very quickly.
5.0 : Great professor who has a passion for teaching. Very approachable and funny guy. Take notes on a laptop because he goes a bit quick. He makes it clear what you need to study for exams. You need to go to class because some of what he explains is not something you can easily google. Go to class and enjoy, guarantee you will learn some cool stuff!!!!
3.5 : Foreign language classes have a different type of structure.  Be prepared to do a lot of workbook assignments and mini-quizzes.  Lackey-sensei can be a bit difficult to understand sometimes, but it's easy to get used to her.
4.0 : Great guy with a good sense of humor. Gives daily hw after each lesson that is not graded, but you are expected to do if you want to pass. Tests can be challenging if you're not 100% sure about the material. Hw quizzes are also given out and graded weekly. Problems in the hw and hw quizzes are good study material as they're similar to the tests.
5.0 : Bill is a beast. He truly wants you to pass and does everything in his power to help you succeed. The Quiz's are take home, and the exams are not curveballs. Go to class, thats a must because the material is hard, but he makes it easier. Take notes, pay attention, and do homework. You will pass, and enjoy the semester as well!
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I've had in all my years at UWM. He explains things so incredibly well and he takes the time to make sure you understand the references he's making. He really cares about his students and wants to make sure you "get your money's worth". Got 99% on the first test and 96 on the rest. Phenomenal teacher, recommend 100%.
3.5 : The class is tough and I took it in the summer.  Highly recommend not doing that.  He teaches well and wants you to pass but if your not doing the homework don't expect to pass.  I thought asking questions in class were more helpful than going to his office hours.
5.0 : Explains thoroughly, teaches almost completely by example so every test is really well known material. Takes time to relate everything and show you the big picture.
5.0 : Funny, thoughtful professor. This guy knows what he's doing; schedule is set and he sticks to it. Encourages a relaxed classroom atmosphere with 'dad jokes' and laid back lecturing. Sometimes gets ahead of himself, but always checks in on his students. Fair grader, allows scientific calculators on tests. Read and do homework, and you'll do well.
5.0 : MJ is one of my favorite professors! 175 with her is a course that you will get out of what you put into it. The syllabus she gives you at the beginning of the semester is spot on and crystal clear, so you can get ahead on homework if you want to. Very helpful and always responded promptly to emails as well.
5.0 : MJ is likely the best mathematics instructor I have ever taken a class with.  I took Calculus II with her.  Her interest was truly that the students succeed, not just grade -wise, but that her students actually learn, understand, and master the material. This is a difficult course, but she is accessible to help, and happy to help. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Best math class I've ever taken! Super easy grader. You can tell she's passionate about what she does. She's worth taking a class with, even if it means you have to take an 8am.
5.0 : I was very nervous about taking calculus, but MJ made the course material extremely approachable. Her lectures are clear and concise, and she is constantly reviewing how to do problems to make sure everyone understands. The tests and quizzes are reasonable. The homework is not turned in but is very helpful. Highly recommend.
5.0 : She's so understanding and very helpful. She knows what she's doing and everything is very clear and precise! For math 116 or 117, I highly recommend her!!!
5.0 : One of the nicest people! She always makes sure that you understand what she's talking about and replies to emails almost instantaneously. Always has her laptop on her and allow students to use it if they can't access homework or email correctly! Very understanding and patient
5.0 : Calc 2 is the hardest class I have taken so far. MJ is the best math professor I have ever had in my entire life.
5.0 : She was the best math teacher I ever had. She was fair, but was there for you when you needed her. Her skills of identifying your weakness made it so I was finally able to understand the material and pass. I would recommend her to any student!
5.0 : MJ is the best math prof I've had so far at UWM. Had her for Calc 2, and she made a pretty hard class much easier. She is so nice and sweet! I love the way she does notes in class - a bunch of examples! She is very helpful and explains things very clearly! Loved her! Take her for calc 2 if you can!
5.0 : This is a class you should NOT miss or you will be very behind. Sometimes the material can be challenging but MJ does a good job teaching it. If you are struggling go into her office hours. It will help SO much and boost your grade up. Definitely recommend her as a teacher!
5.0 : This was my first class in 14 years. I entered already with a love of math, but MJ fueled it even more! She does a phenomenal job explaining all topics. College math isn't easy but if you give 100% I feel anyone can earn a A.
5.0 : MJ is a great professor she makes it clear how to solve problems and is one of the easiest people to talk to. She is one of the few professors that I feel understands us as students and knows that we have other things in life going on besides this class and she respects that.
5.0 : Amazing instructor! If you take her class make sure you go to her office hours if you are confused, she is extremely helpful. Also she is an all-around good person who is respected by her students.
5.0 : She was an awesome teacher! I had her for math 175 and Math 205. She is so helpful and makes sure that everyone knows what their doing. She gives examples to problems in multiple ways so everyone can understand. Overall just an amazing professor and person.
4.0 : She is such a nice teacher and goes through everything in detail
5.0 : Honestly one of my favorite Professors to date. He is passionate about his field, loves current events, he is great at sparking student discussions, and doesn't give assignments for grading. His test are ridiculously easy as long as you show up for class and listen to his really interesting lectures, and watch the films. Takes attendance!
5.0 : He is one of the best professors I've had at UWM. His lectures are interesting and tests are open note, if you can get him for 110 I highly recommend.
4.0 : Makes boring readings interesting.
5.0 : Best professor I've had here at UWM. Passionate about the field, really enjoyable class!
5.0 : Great teacher. lectures are easy. discussion sections did not take attendance for me. Just study the material, go over the myeconlab questions and you'll get an easy A She lets you drop some of the coursework and attendance. I would take her class again.
4.0 : Rebecca is an amazing professor.  Really brought the class together to talk about concepts together and expand.  This is how more classes need to be!  Great lectures, uses models to show concepts and is always making sure everyone is with her as to make sure everyone understands the material.  If you show up and pay attention, you should get an A.
4.0 : Great lectures with a good grasp of Economics. While she has a bias, it does not get in the way of her teaching or examples. She goes to great lengths to ensure that all the students understand. When I took the class it was recorded. I went to 2 classes and watched the rest online at double speed. Aced the exams.
1.0 : I really think Professor Neumann could have done a better job. She took notes during class and when I went through them for the exams they were completely illegible. Also i read all the chapters for the books and it didn't help. I think you should avoid if you can.
5.0 : This professor deserves more credit for being such an outstanding lecturer!! I have been very impressed with how Money &amp; Banking is being taught so far. She truly wants her students to know the subject well and succeed! :) It is hard to honestly find this now-a-days!
5.0 : Rebecca is one of the best economics teachers, advisers, and one of the nicest people ever! M&amp;B class has 3 exams which follow a straightforward rubric. She conveys the material in a very conversational way, if you attend her lectures you will pass. Participate in her classes if you want to get the most out of them. She's always there for you, too.
5.0 : Neumann is an amazing professor and really cares that her students understand the material.  You have to actively try to not pass one of her classes.
4.0 : Rebecca is a good teacher. Her lectures are simple and she relays information easily. She's smart and knows her stuff. She uses a participation software and if you go to class it's a guarentee 10% of the grade. I would recommend her.
2.5 : She is intelligent but scattered/easily distracted. She is not knowledgable enough to teach Epistemology but she has a better understanding of general philosophy. Tests are very confusing and don't reflect the material covered in class. She wastes valuable class time with movies. She is available to offer help and answers emails promptly.
3.5 : She is seriously such a great teacher. I was actually really sad to leave UW-Milwaukee. However, she made me quickly realize that I had a different major potential in Environmental Science. Through the numerous discussions we had, I had always leaned towards what was beneficial to the environment. Now, I am studying at UW-Stout for that major :)
5.0 : Wonderful professor. Seriously super understanding and great. Just ask her and she'll work with you. Lots of readings and critical reflections but they're a paragraph long, super easy. Readings are also very interesting and the lectures are funny and informative. Would always recommend this prof and class!
5.0 : If you're going to take moral problems Pick her and you won't be disappointed is all I have to say.
4.5 : For 237 (Technology, Values &amp; Society) we covered a lot of martin heidegger and his disciples in the beginning, their warnings about possible dangers of technology. Later on you go towards people who aren't as wary of dangers and more focused on positive possibilities. Super interesting, great lead up to her environmental ethics class.
4.0 : An easy-going and comfortable class. Not too difficult or too easy. She has really nice online lecture notes. Just a pretty solid class in general!
4.5 : He lectures well and tries to make it interesting.  He could not care less about your attendance, but I suggest going and taking good notes.  If your notes are good you really don't need to read the text.  Only two exams and no other assignments! (He gives HUGE extra-cred for a paper too!)  His exams are straight forward and ScanTron. Take him!
5.0 : Had some nice new ideas to make you understand the material such as using magazines to associate recent articles to the course work.
3.5 : Good professor, very clear on his feedback and help students.  DB's are interesting and easy.  He expects large participation in DBs. Exams are based on the book and easy so expect to read the book and slides. The paper is somewhat long and you should write it in a report style.  Tough grader on paper.
5.0 : He is a great professor and his classes are very engaging. He is open to communication and understands the issues faced by the students.
5.0 : Great teacher. Always prepared for class and has thoughtful insight on all material. Not much homework, and attendance somewhat matters. He is a great guy to listen to and you can get away with a lot. Only a few tests, all he has you accurately prepared for. Definitely suggest taking a course by this man.
4.0 : Dr. Singh is very nice and understanding. He enjoys what he teaches and teaches it very well. There are quizzes throughout the semester so show up to class.
5.0 : (Note: Class attended at University of Houston Victoria MBA Program)   Dr. Singh shows up to every class in high spirits. It was the highlight of my day to participate in his class. His lectures expand on the assigned chapter. He was always insightful and attentive to student's questions. Show up to class, put in the effort and you will get an A.
5.0 : Josh is an amazing professor- learns everyone's names, is entertaining, funny, and makes lectures interesting. Exams are challenging- go to class and exam reviews and you will be fine. I would take his class again, great guy!
5.0 : Dr. Leson is ridiculously awesome and is crazy passionate about all things Medieval. French Gothic Arch class required us to learn like 9000 different cathedrals and all of their intricacies, but he made the subject matter seem fascinating. He's also kinda a babe, in the way he pauses and gestures. Or maybe I have strange tastes. But he's great!
5.0 : Rachael is hard working and amazing, and her classes are enjoyable! She will do anything to help you out, and taking higher level classes with her was a lucky deal.
2.0 : I was very excited to have Rachael as a teacher due to all the good things people say about her. However, she is completely unorganized, expects participation but doesn't give engaging lectures or ask good questions and then blames it on the students. BUT 505 is insanely easy course with her.
5.0 : Angel really cares about her students.  She tries to make everyone feel included and cared about.  She assigns a lot of homework but it's more like busy work.  I forgot to turn in the final paper and she emailed me the day before Christmas asking about it! You won't even realize it's a 3 hour class, it goes so fast.
5.0 : I loved Angel because she is so inspirational for future teachers
5.0 : Angel is easily the best professor in the education department at UWM. Angel knows what she's talking about and she is just the sweetest woman who is so very accommodating. Be aware that you have to do 40 service hours during school days, so keep your mornings open so you can complete those hours. DO  Go to class and participate and you'll do fine.
4.5 : Easily best engineering professor could ask for. Was originally a mechanical engineer. Easy to understand, not hard as long as you listen to him.
5.0 : The entirety of the class basically builds up for one semester long group project, there are 4 presentations which you show your progress on the project. Majority of the grade in this class comes from the project and the technical report written for it. Overall pretty simple class if you have a good group to work with.
2.0 : No clue where all these good reviews are coming from. Very unclear instruction, quiztest reviews have nothing to do with the actual testquiz. Good guy, but this class does not set up the student for success.
4.0 : lectures are very short, almost all we we allowed to leave before class was officially over. have to give three presentations in the class one alone, the other two with a partner.  Easy class, a lot of assignments towards middle of the semester, quizzes are very well reviewed for in lectures, the labs are not bad either and pretty fun.
2.0 : The class is easy, but the teaching is poor. Dan is a great guy, not a great teacher.
5.0 : Funny Talented Underappreciated Kind
5.0 : Professor Beller is a GREAT guy to get to know especially if you are starting your ME degree. ME 111110 is extremely easy but not a joke. Advice, get to know him personally. He knows so much about ME and has tons of connections to others in the department. He's fun to talk to and very friendly. Just a really nice guy to know
5.0 : Nice guy, easy class. Don't skip labs.
3.0 : Dan is a super nice guy, but not exactly the greatest teacher. He flies through many topics in lecture, making the homework more difficult than normal. Speaking of homework: NONE for the first two months, TONS for the second two. Annoying group projects to do as well. Quizzes and the final are super easy--I didn't need to study for any of them.
4.5 : I really enjoyed this class. The teacher is very clear about what to know for tests and quizzes. He loves teaching on the subject. Extra credit opportunities. His lectures are at a pace that allows you to write down everything in his power-points. I think everyone should take this class. Don't skip class and do the study guides and ur good.
4.5 : Great class overall. Very engaging and he is always clear especially with what will be on quizzesexams. If you're ever unclear on something from his slides he's often open to questions or consulting the study guides he posts is just as helpful. Extra credit shows up towards the end of the semester. Really good class would recommend to everyone
5.0 : .
1.5 : Rude comments and discouraged many students.
3.0 : Could have been more encouraging and recognize that everyone is at a different level when it comes to skill.
5.0 : Shane is probably the best instructor I've ever encountered, and I try to take his classes whenever I can.  He does have a reputation for being tough, and will push you to do things you are uncomfortable with, but it's all for the best.  My Art has been pushed so much, and I feel far more confident in myself after taking his courses.
2.5 : Comes across judgmental and can be hard to approach. He's very knowledgeable in his craft but is not as open minded as he pretends to be.
4.0 : Nice guy. Show up to rehearsal every time and you're fine.
5.0 : cool guy
3.5 : I took this class because of all the reviews on here. I don't know if I caught him on a bad semester, but he just focuses on examples. He talks all lecture about real life, but it's only 2 questions on the test. Instead, the tests cover every tricky section of the book, which he never talks about. Cool class, but don't expect an A.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have had. Although his lectures are not mandatory, he does take attendance once in awhile especially on days when few people come to class. Dr. Ehlinger has a lot of interesting stories that made me actually look forward to his lectures and the course work wasn't hard either.
3.5 : Overall few tests in the course, but the material they cover is no where to be found. There is a ton of homework and it won't help you on the tests, his lectures are interesting but not mandatory, since it won't help you with the tests. He is a nice man, and has interesting opinions. Discussion is a bore! (BEWARE service learning required!)
4.5 : 10 hours service learning required.  D2L tests, online book assignments.  Lecture not mandatory, discussions usually required.  Volunteer work is probably the worst thing about the class but its only 10 hours.
4.5 : Adam is a really good communicator and sets very clear expectations.  His grading is also very fair.  I actually learned from his video lectures since they were straight to the point and were very well structured.  I also enjoyed that he  allows design creativity in the assignments.  The test at the end was actually tough, make sure to review PP's.
5.0 : Great professor
5.0 : Awesome dude.
4.0 : A good professor, there's at least one assignment every week but they're interesting. He tends to set basic guidelines for homework assignments but as long as you have the basic elements down you can really do anything you want with it.
5.0 : Chris is highly intelligent and a great lecturer. He relates his lectures to the real world. He does not make attendance mandatory, but if you don't show up you will be lost. You need to read the cases he assigns to be able to participate in discussion. He is always available and by far my favorite in the dept.
4.5 : Great professor! Takes media law which is dry and boring and makes it interesting by relating it to situations you can understand and apply in the present. He doesn't take attendance, but you'll be lost if you skip. Usually let's you out early. Take home exams. Prob not a bad idea to record the lecture.
5.0 : The best professor that I've had in this department. Knows his stuff. Remains objective to the task at hand.  Great sense of humor and down to earth. Has no problem getting on the level of his students to make a point. Deals in the political realm without direct advocacy for an ideal. Good guy in general. Great hands on applicable topics reviewed.
5.0 : My favorite professor so far. Really funny and lectures were really interesting. He decided not to make us buy a textbook which was super nice, and the quizzes and papers were very easy.
5.0 : Great professor! Would highly recommend her for any class.
5.0 : Hands down, The best professor I had in my whole life! In all the aspect he was unique. very fair, easy to understand , caring ....
4.5 : Lectures were dry but informative. Gave weekly homework and lab exercises that were very reasonable. Overall, the course was a good survey of electrical engineering. If you pay attention and do the work, you'll do fine.
4.0 : Good professor, approachable, and willing to help students if needed help. His lectures were good just pay attention and you'll do fine on exams. The workload on HW isnt bad and not too hard.
5.0 : Dave, can teach anything to anyone... He's really easy to get a hold of outside of class as well...
5.0 : This professor is the most dedicated, hard-working incredibly intelligent professor. I can not say enough good things. He goes so far above and beyond to help all students and has an open-door policy that has saved countless students. Amazing teacher.
4.0 : Very intelligent, and a great professor overall. Sometimes he's just too smart and explains things at a way higher level than what you're at. Curves grades and final grades. He's very understanding and helpful.
4.0 : David is extremely intelligent, but it seems hard for him to simplify the content we went over. Beginning labs are not too bad, final project was at a much higher level than we were ready for(luckily my lab partner was super smart). He curves exams and final grade. content in class is fairly easy. no need to do the readings, never read and got an A
4.5 : Excellent teacher, very understanding person, lectures are very clear. Weekly program assignments, some are tough, some are okay, be prepared to spend more than a few hours each week working on them. Exams are not that difficult, but highly programming intensive so be confident in that, lab quizzes are okay as long as you paid attention in lecture7
4.5 : Ethan was very helpful and very knowledgable in CS. I really liked his dry humor. Also he is genuinely happy to help anyone with any questions. There are some tough assignments but he helps you out as much as he can without giving you the answer. Widely available outside of class and quick to respond to emails. Very light use of text book dont buy
4.5 : Great prof. Realistic feedback on how you are doing in the class and what you can expect in exams etc.  He has plenty of office hours and is very helpful - all you have to do is ask!  Attend the labs - quizzes are a big part of the grade, but fairly short. Generally get the quiz topics beforehand. Big homework assignments every week. Be prepared.
5.0 : Luckily, the bug worked itself out without his help, but was willing to help with a problem for one of our clubs on very short notice. Lectures were very clear and informative. Programming assignments can be easy or a good challenge. Weekly quizzes and lab exercises are not difficult. Exams are very fair and straight forward.
4.5 : This is the best professor I've had so far for CS. So much better than William Retert. Take 251 with Ethan if possible. He is so much nicer and caring. He is a way better teacher. He's the department chair so you know he's going to be good. His assignments are way more doable than other professors. He also responds quickly to emails.
5.0 : Might be the best professor I've ever had. Genuinely impressed by how much he cares about the material and his willingness to work with students. I wish there were more Astronomy classes at UWM taught by him. He re-sparked the interest I had in space as a little. You're missing out if you don't take a Physics or Astronomy class with him. 9001/10
5.0 : THE BEST physics instructor at UWM period! You can walk into his class with no prior interest in physics and walk out very interested and motivated to work hard. Dan is excellent at explaining and relating the concepts. The tests are "hard" only if you don't think about what you're learning, so take full advantage of his excellent lectures!
4.0 : Made incredibly tough content very accessible. Entertaining lectures as far as physics are concerned.
5.0 : His tests are online. The questions are from in class power points or from the problem sets that are both posted online. Very easy class if you know the basics of  Economics.
5.0 : Best professor at UWM!! He makes it clear what it takes to get an A. You don't have to show up to class but stay up to date with the world and try hard on the exam. Only thing graded in the class is the exam and you do whichever one you. All the exams are online! Take his class!!! If the class is full email him and he'll make it work!!
4.5 : Definitely would recommend Avik! His teaching style is great. All of his tests are online, there's no homework, and his class overall is extremely relaxed. You do NOT need the book, so don't waste your money buying it!
5.0 : Hands down one of the best professors UWM. He's extremely caring and cares about his students. He's also very helpful and makes himself accessible to his students. All his tests are take home, including the exams. He doesn't take attendance but showing up to lectures is helpful. You will not need the book. Overall a very straight forward class.
5.0 : Avik is a boss. If you are an econ major you should do your research requirement in this class as there is a final paper for the course anyways. Really interesting prof and a great class.
4.5 : Avik is really nice. He cares about his students and  wants them to succeed. He is one of my favorite professors at UWM. Do the research requirement with him; he does not barrage you with pressure. He puts himself in his students' shoes and is always there for you if you need help.
1.0 : When I had difficulty in performing yoga poses, I felt very uncomfortable. She is not very encouraging and is not very polite nor discrete. If she isn't pleased by your behavior and your poses she won't hesitate to comment and draw the attention of the whole class.
1.0 : Extremely rude, would not recommend. Wouldn't allow water in class, is she qualified?
5.0 : She is like the most awesome professor ever. Everything is straightforward. I would recommend this class and professor.
5.0 : Her intro yoga class was a lot of fun. She's a very sweet prof who really wants everyone to do well. She made class requirements very clear and assignments were very reasonable and easy.
4.0 : As a professor I think he's great. I just personally dislike this class, it's a mountain of work and lab and lecture are sort of seperate from each other in the learning part so it feels like I'm taking 2 classes.  This class wasn't my cup of tea as a CE major. I noticed CS and CE majors had a more difficult time than EE majors naturally.
1.5 : His way of teaching is very boring.  Half students like him, and the other half hate him a lot
5.0 : Interaction is encouraged. Very knowledgeable.
5.0 : great handout and hands-on project
5.0 : The lab was really interesting. He is best professor I have ever met. If all the class I had were like this, I think I would do really well in undergrad.
5.0 : I really enjoyed his courses 474, 574 and 701. He had very good coherency between what he said, what's on the lecture notes, what's in the home work and what's on exam. He course encourages me wanting to know more about control and also lets me regain the confidence in using linear algebra.
5.0 : great professor, he likes what is doing
3.0 : Boring lecture and hard exams.
5.0 : Great professor.  Too bad he does not teach more.
5.0 : Casey is by far one of my favorite professors at UWM. She truly cares for her students' well-being and is the epitome of intersectional feminism. She will never tell you you are wrong but instead build on your answer to get you to where you need to be. 10/10 would recommend. Love this woman.
5.0 : Casey is by far one of my favorite people at UWM. Her class was super fun and she gave a ton of opportunities for extra credit and make-up work. She was great at giving constructive feedback and was really accessible.
5.0 : She's a great teacher, gives really creative, thought-provoking assignments (go to a toy store and look how girlsboys toys are gendered, write a letter to a senior, make a 'zine) and encourages discussion in class. Don't pass up a chance to take a Women's Studies course with Casey, she's one of the big reasons why I decided to major!
5.0 : Best professor I have ever had! It's hard to teach Women's Studies without being bias and she does a great job. She made it so easy to love her!
4.5 : Took 571 online. She's very interactive and participates in class discussions. She holds a couple of chats throughout the semester that give you the opportunity to ask questions and clarify issues on the assignments. Although the assignments tend to be lengthy, she appreciates effort and grades easily if she can tell you put thought into your work.
5.0 : Great interaction with students, always there to answer any questions (in detail) you may have.  Thorough explanation of the coursework and she adds a bit of humor to every posting.  Positive individual with an actual desire to see her students get ahead.
5.0 : Always helpful, gives weekly updates on statuses and changes.  Really there to help you succeed.  Wish I would have had her in previous classes.
5.0 : He is an overall grand teacher. He is funny, nice, and makes sure you know what's going on. He even curves tests and gives points back on questions where majority of the students got the answer wrong. This class has been great so far!
2.0 : Seems to know his stuff but I would definitely not recommend him. He is way to concerned about adding big words in his power point rather than having the student actually comprehend the material. Had to watch it multiple times and still could not comprehend the  material, do not take him!
5.0 : She is a very positive teacher. Her attitude makes even the most boring material enjoyable. She is a fair grader and she is willing to go out of her way to make sure her students are successful. I would highly recommend taking her.
4.0 : Definitely recommend!
5.0 : Absolutely loved Dr. Rice Bailey. She's super nice and a great teacher. She's not too tough on grading, as long as you do your work she'll reward you for it.
4.0 : She gives quizzes if people don't read the material she assigns. She sure helped me improve my acting skills. For example in the final project when I played the baker and realized Staci and Hailey were a lesbian couple I looked mad instead of scared of them. Jenny sure comes up with a lot of impressive fun games.
5.0 : I took Jenny for 2 classes and enjoyed both classes with her. She is very caring and understanding. Both classes play a lot of theater type games. Attendance is MANDATORY. Both classes were so fun, you don't want to miss them. Jenny's classes inspired me to go back into acting as a part time gig. I would definitely recommend her for any class.
5.0 : Highly recommend!! I took two courses with Jenny about Urban Agriculture. She's easily one of favorite professors at UWM and very inspiring. She's organized, fair  grader and always willing to help. If you're organized and follow instructions, you will succeed and learn so much! Any normal, motivated student should easily get an A in her class! :)
5.0 : Another excellent professor within the Art History department at UWM. She is extremely passionate about the subject matter and her lectures are fun and filled with energy, even early in the morning. One of my all-time favorite classes. No textbook. Downsides are that she doesn't utilize D2L, and grades are only based on a midterm and a final exam.
5.0 : I really enjoyed taking the American Postmodernism class! I learned a lot of new material and the lectures were always interesting. Professor Brazeau was funny and nice so she made the class great.
4.0 : He's great at giving lectures and a great professor. The exams are hard. The final paper is a lot of work.  The majority of the class thought we were going to fail the class going into the final. He does some crazy curves to the final grade which made me unsure where my A came from. I expected at best a C.
5.0 : I really really really like Mrs. Balsley. While she may not be the most captivating with her speaking, she makes up for that in her clarity and very apparent knowledge of the subject material. Her class is great, and the discussion section is by far my favorite class from my whole schedule!  Take her class. It's worthwhile &amp; interesting.
4.5 : She was a very great teacher, even though not all film screened were necessarily interesting. She kept the lectures short and sweet and attending lectures is absolutely necessary if you want to pass the online quizzes each week.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had! Organized, knowledgable, super helpful, and interesting material. She is a tad monotone, but her class is super interesting and she just assigns weekly quzzies. The quizzes are SO easy if you go to class and take notes. Definitely take her!
4.5 : Great class.
5.0 : The best, he's good. Easy A
5.0 : Love Professor Manley. He teaches a class of around 60 students and makes you feel as if you are part of his family. He is so chill and relaxed about everything. One time I showed up to class on ecstasy (I think he knew something was up) and personally took me to the on-campus mental health ward to make sure I was ok. Great guy!
5.0 : Paul Manley is the greatest! I enjoy listening to him talk, he is interesting, enthusiastic, and very nice and approachable.
5.0 : Arguably, one of the best professors at UWM, so laid back. I always showed to class and he called on my every time I raised my hand with a question. Clear and concise as crystal meth. (He probably would let you do it during class and still give you an A).
3.5 : Easy grader, will help but have to ask for it. Straight forward with the info you need to know. But incredibly BORING! No power points, no overheads, doesn't even use white board and doesn't use D2L whatsoever. Just sits and talks for at least an hour. Takes attendance every class and counts it towards your final grade.
5.0 : Katie is an Amazing person, help in every way possible, give great feed backs. Her lectures are fun and she was my field liaison as well.
5.0 : This accomplished professor brings a lot to the table and always encourages input from the students.  An excellent teacher for those who are looking to gain a greater understanding of the world.  The class was discussion based with a fair amount of reading and thoughtful analysis.  10/10 would take again and would recommend to anyone
5.0 : His lectures were very interesting. The assignments compelled the student to bring the information together and apply it to the world in a coherent way. Grading was not easy - that's what made it worthwhile. There was nothing mind-numbing, only thought-provoking. He availed himself to answer questions, and offer suggestions and useful feedback, et.
4.5 : Professor Kuzu was a great professor to have for Intro to Supply Chain. He is very to the point and direct with his teaching style. I also really liked that he printed off the slides for the class to grab as they walked in. I've never had a professor do that before. Study for the exams and you should do well.
4.5 : Enjoyed his class, lectures can be a bit boring and tests are difficult, but you can get extra credit for attending class and on the homework.
3.5 : Professor Kuzu is really nice and a great teacher. His lectures can be a bit boring but he always does in class problems to make sure you understand the math. He is very helpful if you ask for it. Tests are tough but you get a front and back cheat sheet and studying is a must. I think the class is a hard class in general, and he teaches it well
5.0 : He is a great teacher. His homework assignment is very similar to the exercises that he does in class. Not hard to get an A . Just post the assignments on time and study for the test, and you will be fine
3.5 : Professor Kuzu is a nice guy, I love that he printed out slides for each lecture but his class was very difficult. The homework and tests are not as easy as one may think and there isn't a whole lot you can do to bump up a grade if you bomb one of his tests. He gives attendance points as extra credit but it's only 12 a point once a week.
5.0 : Brad was intent on showing why math is important to teachers.  He grades easy and he wants to be there.  Him and Hackbarth are best at UWM.
5.0 : My second class with Brad and he is great.  He gives out lecture notes and gave a review session but his test was hard.
4.5 : Brad is so funny, and really cares about teaching and does it in a way that is so easy to understand. SUCH A BABE. you got daily assignments you did in class with help from your group if you wanted so you should always get an A, and theyre easy grade boosters. The online portion of the course is awesome and so helpful!!
4.0 : Attendance is mandatory for labs. You're allowed two absences before you're penalized , starting with a 5% deduction from your final grade and going up 5% each time (until you're kicked out of class).  Easy overall.  Online discussions posts and a research paper are due. Lab is pretty straight forward. Put in the effort and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Absolutely one of the best instructors I've ever had. If you have a chance, take one of his lab sections. Chris cares about you not only as a student but as a person, which is  evident if you ever have a chance to interact with him. There's a lot of work in 118 but he does a really good job making sure that you have all the skills you'll need.
5.0 : Absolutely one of the best professors I've ever had. He is an awesome guy who cares about you as a student, an artist, and a person. His classes are fun, interactive, collaborative, engaging, helpful...I could go on and on. I would take any class he teaches.
5.0 : HE IS THE BEST. He cares so much about his students. Every conversation I have with him just makes me want to cry---in a good way. He's hilarious, kind, interesting, and genuinely passionate about his job/students. His assignments were introspective and thoughtful &amp; his lectures were always fascinating. I never wanted to miss class. Great guy
5.0 : Chris is one of the most inspirational people I've ever met. He really cares about how his students are doing, and really cares about what he is doing to change lives. His class has impacted me so much (positively), and I wish that he could realize how much of an impact he has made on not only me but all of his students.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors. Treats each student as individuals and genuinely helps you succeed and do your best. If you ask him for help, he is willing to go out of his way to meet with you and help make things much more clear. Encouraging, friendly, great person in general!
5.0 : He is a very interesting person and has wonderful lectures. However, he is strict with deadlines and it is important to read the syllabus and follow the rubrics!
5.0 : Chris is easily one of the best professors I've EVER had, and is one of the most genuine people in the world. I wish I hadn't waited till I was almost done with school to take a class with him. He's such an inspirational person. I absolutely recommend taking a class of his if you have room. You will not regret it.
3.5 : Really touch grader need to be open with him, don't wait until the end of the semester, because he could care less. watch out for online discussions, they will effect your grade.
5.0 : Took over the WinterIM and basically just had to show up. We did massage trains and read over papers in the textbook. Most of the class was spent in group discussions and was fairly easy for only a 3 week class. We did have 2 papers to write about the various topics but if you pay attention during class they pretty easy.
5.0 : She's a sweet lady who truly cares about her students, dance major or not. She has a lot of experience in life and encourages students to truly explore themselves and open their minds. She's funny and understanding, but will cut out the nonsense if she must.
5.0 : Marcia is the sweetest lady! It definitely comes across that she has had a lot of experience in life and it's shown through her lectures. She cracks me up all the time! You have to write 4 essays (4-5 pp), but they're not hard at all. And she gives you guidelines and a prompt on how she wants it written. You get train massages every week as well!
5.0 : Best professors, she is a fun and energetic women who loves her job and making students feel good.
5.0 : Just show up to class, be open, do the papers she assigns and you will get an easy A!
5.0 : Absolute babe, best teacher ever.
4.5 : Moussa is a homie G. He knows his math and is a really easy grader. You will get an A by asking him questions during tests. His reviews before tests are essentially the tests.
5.0 : Moussa is my favorite teacher of all time. Wonderful person with easy tests and a wonderful flow.
5.0 : Being a musical theater major ballet is a requirement and something I have never experienced.  Melissa Anderson understands that and tries to help you in every way possible.  She is funny, essay going, friendly, but you learn a lot.  There are more homework assignment than you would expect.
5.0 : Very Good lecture
5.0 : You need a prof like this at least once in your life.
5.0 : Good ability to explain the lecture material
5.0 : He is GREAT. Expect to work in his class, he is a hard grader and his tests are though, but you will learn so much in his class, not to mention that he is eye candy, so you will enjoy the lecture for sure. ;)
5.0 : Do yourself a favor, and take Petering's class. Best professor I've ever had.
2.5 : Starts out really easy but gets tough (Big M by hand). Not enough time to complete exams since he does not allow a calculator. Assigns HW that covers topics he doesn't lecture about until the day before its due.  Doesn't use D2L and has too many handouts.
5.0 : Susan really believes in everything she does. She wants nothing more for you to do well in yoga, and she promotes a healthy lifestyle. There are not many tests or quizzes , and as  long as you memorize well you should be fine.
5.0 : Susan is an amazing teacher and life coach.  I took her class in the spring semester and I'm taking it again in the fall.  She really does care about her students and sees you as a person, not a paycheck.
4.5 : just try your best in this class! she's super nice and helpful as long as you are willing to try!
3.5 : Awesome teacher but strict class. Expect attendance, quizzes, papers, and group projects. She's super funny and will make Yoga fun but definitely not easy. You have to work in this class. Love her as a professor
3.0 : homework weekly. very tough class and not relaxing at all. The tests are extremely hard, she expects you to be as knowledgeable as her after being in her class for a day.
4.5 : In my opinion probably one of the best computer science teachers. He gave a challenging course but at the same time he gave great practical advice about software engineering in the real world. I've built on his advice he gave in lectures and from the online lecture notes. He really knew what he was talking about.
4.0 : His Animal Behavior class is great, you watch movies and the only thing you're graded on is a research paper due at the end of the semester.  There are no exams or quizzes as he believes students don't really learn that way.
5.0 : This was the best class EVER!!! I miss it very much. You write an article about whatever animal that you want. Very lax.
4.5 : Contemporary Art and Architecture is definitely not an easy subject to wrap your head around, but Dr. Johung made lectures fun and interesting. Mix of online and textbook readings. Grades based on three exams, which were graded fairly. Guest lecturers added to the class. Oh and she's a total BABE!
5.0 : This was easily my favorite class I'd taken so far at UWM.  The course is both relevant and interesting, and though his stance is clear, he doesn't force it on anyone and is impartial when teaching.  The course is fairly easy, but that allowed for me to be more engaged in the class with the material.  I learned a lot and highly recommend the class.
4.5 : Had him for Arab-Israeli Conflict, east and interesting class. There are three papers and he is an easy grader. He takes attendance but if you miss one class you won't fall crazy behind. Shows some documentaries but for the most part it's lectures and small group discussions. Learned a lot.
5.0 : Professor Brusin has been my favorite professor so far at UWM. He is very knowledgeable on all things Jewish Studies and helps everyone learn regardless of how much background knowledge or religious upbringing they come in with. I found him to be an easy grader, allowing me to focus more on the content and growing/expanding my religious beliefs.
4.5 : Mathematically challenging course, but great professor
5.0 : Really a lovely lady. Incredibly intelligent and helpful. I had an amazing experience in her class.
5.0 : Sound Design - A difficult class and kind of heavy on studio work time, but If you put in the effort it is all worth it. Kelly is a very understanding person and expects you to be precise but finds most work acceptable. Very constructive Criticism. Take it!
5.0 : Very enthusiastic with her students. If you give her your fullest attention, she will too. Don't take her kindness for granted she still grades very thoroughly and precisely in the end. Make sure you remember those deadlines otherwise you should be fine.
4.0 : Alex is a good choice. She's a bit more lax compared to the other teachers but she is considerate of her students and gives some good advice on what to work towards. She gives critiques but sometimes it seems like she doesn't understand the premise of your work and can get hung up on small details of your film. Otherwise a perfectly fine teacher
4.5 : Alex is one of the best, most caring professors I have ever met in my life. She will definitely help you to improve your film and let you know if your ideas still need work. Definitely take her for this class.
1.0 : very spacey, took her for a summer class, so maybe it was the heat.  too short of a class, 6 weeks to produce a full short is difficult (from conception to completion) but she didn't help move the process along.
5.0 : Online. Each week - read book, answer online questions, watch lecture, take quiz. Great material. First part of semester is hardest but overall easy. Good lectures, reaffirms reading material and adds more. You can finish this class at own pace, even in a few weeks if you want. Prof answers emails promptly. Lots of extra credit opps via research.
4.0 : I like Frick she is awesome her lectures are pretty interesting. do extra credit (5%), study from slides, do homework, and show up to class I promise you will get an A.
2.0 : Nice class and if you do the lectures and take notes, it is easy. Class is easier online than it is in class. Very nice and respectful. She is there for you if you need help.
4.5 : I really loved having Mr. McNally as a professor. The lectures are not the most interesting, to be honest. His assignments are easy and he is SO willing to help out any way he can. He is passionate about what he teaches and he loves Milwaukee. He is very knowledgable and is well known in the community.
4.5 : Mr. Joel McNally is a professor whom I am grateful to have had the chance to work with in my student career. He knows everything about Milwaukee, lives and breathes this beautiful city. He loves educating people about all different topics (check out his column in the Shepherd Express!) His lectures get kind of tough and long, well worth it.
5.0 : She is clear about her expectations, has all kinds of activities to improve your understanding of the material, and makes plants really interesting! (Although I did like them anyway!) I said easy A because she gives you every opportunity to understand the information presented. One of the best profs I've had so far!
5.0 : Dr. Young is a fantastic professor. She makes learning about plants of all things extremely interesting. Attend lecture, take good notes, study hard, and you will do great. She is eager to help but doesn't seem fond of slackers.
3.5 : Lovely teacher, very specific, gives optional online test prep quizzes that help dramatically on her exams.
5.0 : Dr. Young is definitely an expert in her field. While the material that we covered in the plant section of BIO152 was not too difficult, Dr. Young did an excellent job by teaching it in an interesting manner. She was approachable and very nice! I appreciate the way that Dr. Young provided us with non-graded D2L quizzes to prepare for the exams.
2.0 : She was not specific when I wanted to know what information to study for her exams
4.0 : She presents the material clearly and is always there for you if you don't understand the material.
5.0 : Has very engaging lectures and is fun to talk to-go to her office hours and she'll remember you forever. Very awesome professor but does assign lecture assignments for points that must be done in small groups, so I hated that personally. Don't buy the textbook, I never used it. Great professor and person!
4.0 : I was having troubles at the beginning of the year and he picked up on it right away and was more than willing to help. Very caring person. He wasn't afraid to tell you to rethink an idea, but also pushed you to do your best work. Easy to talk to and get answered emails relatively fast. You can tell he is very passionate about his work.
3.0 : He tries to make jokes during lectures that aren't funny at all. Majority of the TA's suck and I am mad that I chose him as my teacher. His voice is one of the most boring voices I have ever heard and it's really hard to pay attention at all in lectures. He posts them all online. I went to a few lectures and I decided that I will never go again!
5.0 : The online class is self-paced so DO NOT fall behind! Quizzes can be retaken as many times as you need but are not graded. I retook them at least 10 times each because the material is very useful when taking the real test. The papers are very fun and straight forward. If you put work into this class and don't fall behind, you will do well!
3.0 : Knows his stuff. Replies fast when you message him. Get ready to read because the quizzes and tests ask for little details even if it seems like common sense type of questions. Also, for the online class the final is IN PERSON and it's CUMULATIVE so be sure to read and mark your calendar so you don't miss it.
5.0 : Great
5.0 : Wonderful teacher best I ever had
5.0 : Quizzes are challenging, will have multiple attempts. Self paced but covers the text well and you WILL NEED TO READ. Discussions are easy. Replies are great.  Would recommend.
3.5 : You can take test multiple times. Discussions are simply. If you are looking for an easy class take this and you'll be fine. You do need the textbook.. You do learn a lot if you put your mind to it.
5.0 : Took the self-paced version over the summer and finished 1/2 of assignments within the first week of the term. Quizzes are difficult so expect to read in order to do well. Discussion posts are easy and make up 25% of final grade. No final exam which was nice but the material will take some time to learn! A fair amount of material for a 200-level
5.0 : The online class is self-paced and can be done in a couple of weeks if you dedicated every day to doing a couple of chapters. Lectures are exact outlines of the book and transfer directly to the quizzes. The discussions are few and easy. I recommend taking this class as an online course.
5.0 : Great online class to take! Dr. Osmon allows you to work at your own pace. This class can be finished in a week if you some work into it! Discussion posts are easy points and help boost your grade. Grade consists of quiz grades ( unlimited attempts) and discussion points. Very easy!
5.0 : One if the best teachers I've had. He chooses great books, short stories, and poems to read.
4.5 : Easiest class I took this semester.  Very interested in getting to know all students and always wanted to talk about our research projects with us.  Very passionate about the subject and made me interested to learn it too.  Also brought food to class for us on the last day.  Would take again in a heartbeat.
2.5 : Dr. Terwelp seems to be a very helpful professor. Her intentions are good but she has a hard time keeping the class rolling. She is very distracted and I found it very difficult to follow what she was saying and if it actually related to the context of the class. Due to medical reasons, class has been canceled multiple times and this affects learni
3.0 : Not a difficult class as long as you can focus long enough to construct the one big essay of the semester. The rest is simply participation online and class.
2.0 : The class is pretty easy.  Just participate and turn in a paper which is worked on through the semester.  The most irritating part of this class is she waits for the last minute to assign or provide feedback for everything.  Expect to be writing a paper in a day or two, there is no real syllabus of assignments due.
4.0 : I had 102 as a blended class and I loved it. Even though we were online a lot, she helped us as best as she could through emails! Great class.
4.0 : Dr. Terwelp gives very good feedback. She cares about you actually improving your writing not just showing up to lecture. She gives very good tips on what you can do to improve your writing and shows you the common mistakes people do while writing. She breaks down writing a paper into doable steps to make the process not seem so daunting.
5.0 : The paper I wrote under his instruction won the writing contest!
5.0 : Such a great teacher. Made the class fun and interesting. If you follow his instruction theres no way you will fail portfolio review!
5.0 : You will pass this class. He gives great advice and sets everyone up for success. At first I was terrified to take 102 but the way he breaks up portfolio into sections throughout the semester really helps. HIGHLY RECOMMEND
5.0 : Pacton has the highest English 102 pass rate. He's very explicit about what you need to do to pass English 102. The work load seems heavy at first but lightens up toward the end of the semester. Do everything he recommends and you'll get an A in English 102.
5.0 : best professor
5.0 : Clouse is the man! He is extremely laid back. He also knows what he's talking about. He provides the information you need to know and encourages questions. He was approachable and willing to help. If you pay attention and take notes in class you'll do great. I took two classes with him at UWM and would've taken more if possible.
4.0 : not so clear while explaining but ready to answer doubts even repeatedly and makes it clear. lots of homework but pretty easy grader. very helpful. easy A if you follow her directions and be up to date.
5.0 : Very Helpful! super approachable and clear. fair grader. plus super hott
5.0 : Mr. P was awesome. Funny and a great teacher. He graded kinda hard, but he really wanted us to learn a lot.
5.0 : Jakes instructing style is flawless and he is able to connect with students and make class enjoyable. Best teacher Ive ever had.
4.0 : Mr. P was an awesome teacher. Being a person who's absolutely terrible at math, he finally made it make sense. His lectures are extremely helpful. Don't expect to pass the class if you don't show up or do the homework (multiple assignments per week). The exams and the final are tough, you definitely won't pass those if you don't study.
5.0 : Lectures were very clear and entertaining. Gave pop quizzes but they were often partner quizzes and were not worth much. Did not assign homework but be prepared to work outside of class to do well. Would definitely recommend.
5.0 : Great teacher, have had 6 different math teachers so far and he has been the most helpful. Clear lectures and great at clearing anything not understood up in his office hours. I've not passed the last 2 math classes on the first try but was able to with him. Participation is huge, so be ready to ask and answer questions in class. Highly recommended
5.0 : Mr. P explained the material really well. A++++. Would take again.
5.0 : Deidre is the sweetest women ever! She is so welcoming and open to everyone in her class no matter your skill level. She gives great examples and then goes around and helps one on one during work time. She gives helpful and understandable feedback, and really helps you grow as an artist.
5.0 : I've learned more in one semester with Deidre than I did in all 4 years of high school
5.0 : Deidre is truly one of the greatest teachers I've ever had at UWM and honestly, in any art class I've ever had, period! She makes sure everybody is doing alright during work time by walking around and looking at everybody's work individually and giving you help when you ask. And she even brings in coffee to make during work times, she's just great!
5.0 : I enjoyed her class and would take it again.
5.0 : She's really awesome. I think she's someone everyone needs to take.
5.0 : Deidre is a kind soul. You can come in at any level of drawing and expect to improve. She spends absolutely every moment of class going around and helping students and harbors no predisposition for any style. Deidre is all about making you a stronger artist. Be ready to draw A LOT in this class.
4.5 : Professor Park is a very brilliant PHD in the field of linguistics. I have the utmost respect for him. His lectures are well planned and interesting. The midterm and final are very difficult, but he gives you other work and extra credit to keep your grade up. He is always available to help and quickly responds to emails.
5.0 : Professor Park, although I never met him in person (class was online over winter break), seemed to be a great teacher and knew what he was teaching. The lecture slides were easy to understand, and he kept up with the online class and outlined what we had to do every week. Just do your work (on time!) and you'll pass.
5.0 : Professor Park is very organized and knowledgable about his field. He is always available and responds to emails quickly. His exams and assignments are not easy, but he is an easy grader. To get an A in his classes, show hard work and write good papers.
4.5 : Nic is by far one of the best professors I've had at UWM. Nic is a fun and easy going teacher as long as you do the work. Be prepared to read a few times a week, but the reading aren't super long. He's big on workshopping your papers, but offers a lot of good feed back and will meet with you for extra help.  Come to class ready to discuss.
3.5 : Quizzes are easy and she throws the two lowest grades out. Some pretty big papers but if you follow the guidelines you shouldn't have a problem.
4.0 : Not too difficult of a class. Make sure to go to class because he gives extra credit points and participation points as well. Exams: Study from the previous sample problems and exams that were given in previous semesters. The exams are almost word for word. Not too difficult. Fairly approachable and sort of funny with his British accent
4.0 : Class was super easy, just make sure to show up to earn participation points. I never read and only studied the night before for exams and ended up with a  good grade. Also, I earned a B and asked him to bump it and he gave me a B+!
3.5 : Allows you to opt out of the participation grading. Tests can be difficult though. Lectures can be a bit dull, but he posts up the lectures online. Look over previous tests and study days in advance, especially for the second test! Love the British accent though!
4.0 : He is very nice, and funny at times. A good professor, and is good at explaining things.  Tests are easy if you study, but if you want to pass you should really learn the material well.
4.5 : very nice and passionate about what he teaches. Very well experienced and knowledgeable in Anatomy
4.0 : Very nice professor, you could tell she really enjoyed lecturing about the subject matter. Lectures could get pretty boring but there are no tests and just a final paper. Highly recommend.
4.0 : She is really nice and humble about her profession. Try to chose her for any class.
5.0 : Definitely recommend! Really nice person, fun class, very helpful and kind! Tests and quizzes were fairly easy, just pay attention in class
5.0 : My favorite teacher. She engages the class, and explains all concepts. Pay attention in class; she always highlights whats on the exams. This class consisted of 2 essays (2-3 pages double spaced w/bib), 2 exams, and 1 presentation. I learned a lot, but was never overly stressed about the class. Nancy is super helpful and really nice!
5.0 : Took her over summer for a night class and she let us out early. loved her ourse.
5.0 : Amazing lecturer. Attendance was not mandatory, but I went every day. Class was supposed to last from 5-9, but she let us out at 7 every day. She is full of experience and has a story for everything. Midterm was take home, final was open book/notes. Take Hoch and skip Rausch if you have the chance!
5.0 : Very good professor. Will stay as long after class as she needs to for questions.  Provides many helpful examples on topics being discussed.  Gives you a great idea on topics that will be on the exam.
5.0 : Loved this class! Zafer taught it so well and the best part of all was the chemistry between all of the students working together. The class was enjoyable and fun, always looked forward to going to class.
5.0 : Zafer is seriously the best. I wish he wasn't leaving UWM. He gives my Arabic hope. So encouraging, he's everyone's cheerleader.
5.0 : Zafer is nothing short of amazing. He presents the material is a way that is crystal-clear and uses methodologies for language acquisituon that work. He is fair and reasonable, but do not mistake this for being a pushover. He makes you work for your grade, but in the end you will have learn led a lot. He is just a really great teacher and person!
5.0 : favorite teacher i've ever had at uwm!!! I was just taking creative writing for my gen ed arts credit and it ended up being my favorite class of the semester... I learned so much about writing styles and even learned a lot about my own creativity as a writer. Sad this class is over.
4.0 : What to say about David?! He's a really interesting kind of eccentric guy. He's definitely about the subject. I really enjoyed this class. I would recommend this course to anyone looking for a FUN (if it exists) Arts GER credit.
5.0 : One of the coolest professors I've had at UWM. Shame that he left. How to get an A in his classes:   Show up Participate  Start on paper a head of time Go to the 1v1 meetings with him Make the corrections to his paper  he tells you
5.0 : David Bowen is a genius. He looks at things from all angles and helps his students by using his knowledge. Super nice guy, can be really personal and helpful in a small-scale setting (which I enjoyed).  Definitely recommend Bowen to anyone taking an English course. He made English fun!
5.0 : I took Sociology of Aging with Prof. Chesley as a social science elective, and genuinely loved each piece of material. She provides excellent feedback and advice, and grades very fairly and consistently. The course itself was just phenomenal, but her flexibility with student needs made her impossible to not recommend.
5.0 : I now think Materials is awesome. Church makes the topics interesting and relates to real-world applications. He wants to see you succeed! Course is taught partially online and is easy to follow. Reading the chapters helped to understand the material. Put time into this class and you will succeed. Very helpful and kind in office hours!
5.0 : He's Awesome! He'll inspire you.
5.0 : Taught as a hybrid course, with 2 lectures and 1 online module weekly.  Lectures are recorded and posted online, so if you miss a class or want to recap, you can. Prof. Church makes challenging material easier to understand. He has thorough explanations, amazing lecture slides, and many addition online resources.  I wish he taught all my classes.
5.0 : I am taking Physical Metallurgy with him and he just blows my mind. Very helpful and chill, will reach out to you. You can get an A by following his instructions. He's kind of a professor who brings cookies to exams. Absolutely Love him. Taking him next semester in MatlEng 511. Advanced Material Characterization. Had took him for 201. Ben's the man
5.0 : He is a great teacher. He cares that you learn the material and that you are able to apply it to your field even if your major isn't Materials. His lectures are clear and cover the material well. Tests aren't bad, just do the practice exams beforehand and you'll ace them. One of the best teachers at UWM
5.0 : Took blended class, half inclass/half online. Weekly online module supplemented the in class lectures, followed by weekly homework submitted on D2L. 2 tests and a final, 1st test class average was an 80%, 2nd was around 65%. curves the class so average is a B-. there was a poster presentation in lab as the only "project" in the class. labseasy "A"
5.0 : I was interested in material science before this, but actually changed my major to material science because of him.  He is a genuine teacher and finding a professor like him is rare because even though he's an expert, he treats you as an equal.  I hope I have him in the future.
4.0 : Very good professor. Will go out of his way to teach you (even during office hours). Tests are a challenge but fair. Homework is moderately challenging. I suggest studying with a friend for this class. Very knowledgeable in Materials Engineering and tons of experience
5.0 : Have had as a professor for 201, physical metallurgy, and two of his elective classes.  By far the best professor in CEAS, if not entire campus.  Teaches conceptually, limited derivations.  You will get out, what you put in.  Already signed up for an elective with him next semester, you will not regret your choice as him for an instructor.
5.0 : I took him for MATLENG 201. Great professor! He'll answer any questions related to real world problems associated with materials. Church will assign harder quizzes/HW (same thing to him) because he believes students should have access to resources outside of class material. Make sure you go to his lectures and understand the underlaying concepts.
5.0 : Great Professor! Not much studying is needed if you attend the lectures. He also posts the lectures online because he actually understands the modern college student is usually working a lot just to afford school. No tricks, he is straight forward with what you need to know.
5.0 : He is the best teacher i have had in all my 22 years on this planet.  I have had him for 3 classes materials 201 materials (intro) 402 (metallurgy) and senior design.  Genuinely wants to improve his teaching every semester, cares so much about every student.  He wants to get the best out of you and gives you the tools and opportunity to succeed. A+
5.0 : I took Ben for Matl 201 and his class made me attracted to Materials Science even though I am an industrial engineering major. The class is so well structured!
5.0 : He is the reason why I am changing my major to Materials Science and Engineering. Truly the most amazing professor. Take his class! I am signing up for MatlEng 402 Physical Metallurgy as well.
4.5 : Great teacher. He actually cares about teaching you. His lectures are very clear. Labs aren't bad as long as you go and do the reports. Tests are fair. Overall a good teacher to have. One of the best I have had in three years.
5.0 : -love the fact that Hong knows me by name. -she provides tons of extra credit, her lectures always end early, and class discussions are helpful. -Tests are easy. She allows a cheat sheet and a review. Just put whatever you reviewed on the sheet, you will get at least a 90.  -posts all grades within an hour of submission.
4.5 : Great teacher. Very nice and willing to help. Class is easy as long as you do the work.
5.0 : Patty is probably my favorite teacher. I loved this class so much and I learned a lot because you can apply what you learn in class to the real world. This class really made me think more about things I wasn't aware of. She is very funny. Easy class if you complete assignments. Buy book from Amazon! It was a penny for me at the time.
4.0 : Patty was a really cool teacher. But, she is also extremely opinionated. I liked this course a lot because it gave me some good insight to PWD, but I didn't like how she kind of tries to persuade the class to think the way she does. I would take her again though! Extremely nice and involved.
5.0 : Professor Thomas was a great teacher. Her classes are very laid-back, and she's very easy-going. As long as you show up to class, you'll pass. Pretty easy class to pass. I'd recommend!
5.0 : This is a great humanities credit with an awesome teacher. He gets back to you really quick through email. He is a very nice, understanding person. Easiest online class I have ever taken! The online class includes quizzes, exams, assignments, and papers. He gives you unlimited time in quizzes and exams. Take this class with Randal Kohl!
5.0 : He outlines everything you need to do to pass the course. Honestly I felt it was fairly easy for an online class and I took the self-paced version. There were 2 deadlines throughout the semester where half the material was due. Quizzes, 2 exams, and some small assignments make up the final grade. Just don't fall behind and it should be easy!
5.0 : By far the easiest college course I have ever taken. Do it.
5.0 : Professor Kohl was awesome. He gives you everything you need to know in the syllabus, and you pretty much do the assignments due each week. This was one of the easiest classes I've ever taken, and it was because of how helpful he was, too. 100% recommend!!
5.0 : Books assigned were interesting enough that reading them didn't feel like homework. Pay attention in class and take lots of notes because you'll be inundated with a lot of info that you can't retain unless you write it down. Do that and you'll do find on the written exams. We had to write papers but she didn't make it extremely difficult. Nice lady
4.0 : Obviously you're going to read and write (like 5 essays I think?) a lot since it's an English class. But she's very passionate about what she teaches and is a fair grader. After the first few classes, she stops taking attendance so as long as you write strong essays, you'll be fine.
5.0 : Probably one of my favorite professors at UWM. He definitely made an 8 AM class enjoyable to go to. He's very funny and knowledgable about all the material. I would recommend taking this course with him during fall or spring!
1.0 : Mike was pretty terrible.  Tells you not to get the book then tests on the book material. Big on memorizing useless info. He uses outdated materials and practices that no one uses in the industry and nothing that he taught me was of any benefit at my internship(in media), which is now my current job (media planner). Relatively entertaining though.
4.5 : Such a wonderful teacher. He is the best professor I've had by far in my four years here. The end of semester group project is hard and VERY time consuming. He answers questions quickly and is more than happy to help your grade with extra credit.
4.0 : Was a little bit more work than I hoped but I still didn't spend too much time on this class. Teacher was super cool and relatable and always helped when I had questions. She does use some books for required assignments though.
4.0 : He gives good feedback and you can tell he cares about his students and the subject. However, this class is extremely difficult. Be prepared to spend all of your free time (and sleep time) working on projects for it. It isn't just him, it's the 300 level studios in general. He is a good professor to take it with, though. No textbook, just supplies.
4.0 : He is a fair grader, but the actual class is difficult generally. he presents himself as an ass in my opinion
5.0 : Kept Lectures interesting and lively while making sure students understood content.
4.0 : Good teacher.  Definitely knows his stuff.  Lectures ranged from very useful to waste of time.  Did live code examples where he typed too fast it became hard to follow sometimes.  Gives out slides with examples, again sometimes they are useful.  Tests are straight forward.  Labs are essential to really learning material.
4.5 : I took CS251 this past summer and he's a good teacher! Very funny and will come up with lots of examples for review. Attend lab and complete your assignments to understand the more complex stuff that you'll have to write out on paper for exams. He's like in his twenties and went through the UWM CS program too.
5.0 : Laid back, knowledgable. I don't know anyone who can type as fast as him, it's pretty impressive. Always around to answer questions whether it be online or in person. I didn't work very hard in this course because it's pretty natural for me, but Eric was helpful nonetheless.
2.0 : Fritz expects everyone in his lecture to understand the basics of programming. He is not clear in his slides, and doesn't give much information on them. He doesn't give much instruction in lecture, just goes over vocabulary. Very boring. It is better to attend the labs. *He says the book is mandatory, but doesn't use it at all.
3.5 : Well the class is impossible--if you're daft and you don't realize that taking a college-level computer science class means that you have to study. Fritz is a fine teacher; if anything, he can be too accommodating. The quizzes and tests are easy if you attend lecture, do your labs/homework, and actually put forth effort learning how to program.
4.0 : Fritz is an excellent professor with a good sense of humor, and is always ready to help, the guy literally replies to your e-mails within 5 minutes, even on weekends.  Be sure to attend lecture as he goes over useful examples that relate to the homework, and the quizzes are usually based off what he covered on the previous lecture.
5.0 : Probably the fastest typer I've ever seen. He's very young for an instructor but his lectures are extremely thorough and clear. He goes out of his way to make sure every student understands the material. He replies to emails within 5 minutes and is a very funny guy as well.
5.0 : Very nice teacher and makes the lessons enjoyable. She does not just lecture all class. She thinks of different activities to help you learn. 1 exam (written), 2 papers, and a presentation which was graded very easily.
5.0 : Awesome class. Professor Price makes class interesting with fun activities and projects. Never used the textbooks though
5.0 : Great!
5.0 : GREAT!!!
5.0 : Amazing French teacher, really engages you in the culture and opens your mind up to knew ways of learning. He took us to a french film for one of our classes which was great. Hes pretty fair with grading and takes into consideration different ways people learn french. deffinetly recommend him!
2.0 : Every Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday there is a 2-3 part assignment due. These also include discussion and a LOT of peer review. You don't really feel like you have a teacher. Ms. Nelson offers little to no feedback and doesn't even have learning modules for each week. You literally just do a lot of homework with no guidance or examples.
3.5 : She is the easiest speech teacher at Oshkosh.  Only 3 speeches including the group one for the final.  It can be a long, tedious process making the speech outline if you didn't do a big research paper in high school.  The group you work with in the beginning you will work with for the rest of the semester and you get super close to them.
3.5 : Quizzes are completely textbook based, and mostly key words, topics, ideas ect. I averaged 13-1415 on the quizzes and I didn't read. WinterIM course will keep u super busy, but if u do the work, easy A. Easy grader, super redundant work. Repetitive, long, tiring, boring assignments. Group projects were frustrating but overall good GPA booster
4.5 : I took an online class taught by professor Priddis so I never actually met her but she was extremely helpful. She was always open to answering questions and clarifying the material. She did an excellent job of keeping on top of grading and keeping in touch with her students throughout the class! Definitely recommended, she was great!
5.0 : I got so much out of the interview project. Good feedback.
4.0 : DeAnne was my intro to communication teacher in Oshkosh. She did an amazing job helping students get things done.
5.0 : Super great guy and very helpful!
5.0 : Great professor. His 215 class was very fun, varied readings and even some Shakespeare taught in a fun way.
3.0 : A bit condescending and somewhat of an elitist. Nice guy, if you cater to what he wants to hear. Loves to hear himself talk because he's never wrong. Holds students accountable for doing the readings which is refreshing. Had an A/C/F grading policy for homework assignments, essentially. Feedback wasn't great. Not bad, not my fave.
4.0 : great guy. Freshman seminar was enjoyable and included many intellectual discussions. He actually recommended for a job which I got an offer for.
4.5 : Mike is super dedicated to his teaching and is incredibly passionate about geology. He works to make stuff relevant to students. I learned a lot in the lab, lecture, and field trips.
4.5 : Great teacher! He is hard to understand at times, but is clear about what you need to know.
5.0 : Great professor, excellent at simplifying tough concepts. The exams are a reflection of what was taught and he gives previous exams as a study guide (look over these carefully). Class uses Lehninger's book. If you pre-read don't panic- the book is pretty hard to read. Read anyway, he clarifies hard parts (ex Michaelis menten kinetics) in class.
5.0 : Very funny and laid back, showed funny and relevant videos and cracked jokes. Easy to be comfortable around and thus easy to go to for help. He grades pretty easily but you absolutely need to know your stuff for practicals, he does not make them easy to guess on. Obvious he has a passion for what he teaches and is very down to earth.
5.0 : enjoyed and benefited from the class
5.0 : Enjoy the class very much!
5.0 : Great charming professor, I took his class six years ago and still I have a deep impression .
5.0 : Great professor and interesting class!
3.5 : Probably my hardest class of first semester. Class is paced very fast and it is a struggle to stay on top of all of the information. You will have little to no practice with the material in class. Problem sets will typically be your first (and only) time applying what you've learned, before the test.
5.0 : Brilliant man. His profound understanding of Astrophysics is unparalleled at this university.  Subject matter is overtly difficult, but he makes it clear and does fair grading.
5.0 : Prof. Kaplan is incredible: incredibly intelligent, incredibly helpful in lecture and in office hours, and incredibly nice.  The material in this course was very challenging, and I never finished an exam, but he curved and gave credit for demonstrated progress throughout the semester.
5.0 : This class is very easy if you have any level of basic math skill and show up to every lab. Great choice for an easy natural science lab.
5.0 : Dr. Kaplan is the best professor I've ever had. He's incredibly smart and knowledgeable about astrophysics. A hard class, but doable, make sure you take advantage of his office hours.
2.0 : Do not take Playwriting from this man if its a serious interest of yours.  He can talk the talk but when it comes to actually reading the plays he's written, they're worse than terrible. Humorless comedies with huge plot holes and underdeveloped characters. All the things he's telling you not to write he's writing in his plays. Get a book instead.
3.5 : I could skim through the reading and lectures and get an A on the quizzes. As long as you take notes, you'll be fine. The group project sucks, but Alvaro is always an email away.
3.0 : Mr. Rios won't help you with your work and expects everything to be turned in on time otherwise he'll give you a 0  for it no excuses or lies. You have to do the work correctly in order to get credit.  The quizzes are on d2L but not multiple choice. On the day of the quiz you have to bring a lab top and you can work as a group or solo.
4.0 : Very well organized and will take a liking to you the more often you participate. Required for majors, but non-majors will learn a lot. Answers emails consistently and very helpful with questions, and clear about what he expects. Read the plays and you'll be fine. Frowns on laziness a lot, so just do the work.
5.0 : I took him for playwriting. He's extremely knowledgeable and his feedback is amazing. ALWAYS go to class, he's big on participation. He challenges you in a good way. Keeps on top of things, posts to D2L frequently, and is very organized. Prepared to do a lot of outside work and print a lot of paper.
5.0 : Readings posted on D2L. Straight to the point type of teacher, knows the equipment completely, makes class very interesting despite the course content. Fast feedback and great instructor. Won't sugarcoat things. This guy knows what he's doing and doesn't leave you stranded. Not snobby/stiff. Would love to have him as a mentor in the future.
4.0 : One of my favorite proffesors all year, he managed to make a sucky class great.
5.0 : Ben is awesome!  He is very knowledgeable.  Highly recommended!
4.0 : Wants you to try new things. Many shoots at the end of the course. Be prepared for all nighters on the test
5.0 : Ben is pretty litty, he keeps lectures interesting, mostly shows experimental films in class not a lot of conventional film talk.
5.0 : Ben Balcom was an amazing teacher to have my first semester. He teaches a lot of core practical principles. Sometimes he gives off pretentious vibes, but he is actually pretty down the earth and knows how to joke around. I'll never forget the class in which we discussed prejudice in Hollywood, among many other . Ben is very well-liked here at UWM.
4.0 : Loosens up later on but grading tightens later on. Read the textbook and work hard and he will recognize it.
3.5 : Our class wrote and performed a song in dedication to this man. Need I say more.
4.0 : WOW! Many Theroems, So Proved, Much Induction, Very Rigourous, Such Counter-examples, WOW!
4.5 : People who attended class on a regular basis I feel had the best grades in the class and knew the material.  A lot of group work, which is cool to work out math problems and have the chance to get most homework done in class.  Not once used the book since we used ALEKS in the class.  Do the study guides before the tests, THEY ARE MIRROR IMAGES!!!
5.0 : Prof. Boyd really cares about her students, and you can see that in her lectures.  She has an awesome approach to teaching, and I've enjoyed class with her over the past two semesters from 221-222.  If you ever get a chance take her Honors classes, I'm thankful I did.
3.0 : Prof. Boyd is a good teacher. She moves fast, but if you actually DO your hw, and get help when you need, you'll do fine. She's more than willing to sit down and help you. Would take this prof. again. DO not recommend taking it only 2x a week!
5.0 : I had to retake this class 3 times and this teacher was the BEST one.  She comprehensively covers material and demonstrates a mathematic mastery.  Group work allowed me to teach others what I knew and make our class more collaborative which partially helped Me to achieve a B+!!  She also really went the extra mile to aid the struggling student!
5.0 : The best math teacher I've ever had.  She explains concepts, not just solutions and steps.  She listens to your question. Not many teacher can thoroughly listen to you when you ask a question. Most people answer what they know in their head before they can understand what you are really asking. She speaks fast, but wording is logical and clear.
5.0 : Great professor. If you try hard you will succeed.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had at UWM; great math teacher.  Cared about the students and provided many supplementary resources. Quick and thorough in answering questions via email.  Class was structured well with many examples. Lectures were thorough and witty (w/some occasional tangents). Recommended, especially if you're nervous about math.
2.0 : Extremely rushed and hard to follow talks like shes having a panic attack.  It is not worth trying to take notes when shes running across 4 chalk boards
5.0 : I took Honors Calculus -- a two-semester class. 2nd semester she restructured the class to be group projects with applications of calculus instead of tests. She really cares about her students. Very passionate about calculus. Her lectures can be a bit disorganized but she goes into depth about topics.
4.0 : Prof. Boyd was a nice change of pace from High School math teachers.  She really has a passion for the material, and isn't afraid to jump into a proof to make it clear how Calculus works.  She grades fairly, and is understanding of student situations / obligations outside of academia: 10/10 would take again.
5.0 : Really interesting class, and he was pretty funny. You have to read the articles because theres a daily quiz question, but you definitely don't need to read the book. Ive taken Experimental Social Psych 667, and this class was MUCH better!
5.0 : He's an awesome teacher and very fair! He offers so many opportunities for points and genuinely wants everyone to succeed. The class was very interesting and I enjoyed it very much!! Make sure to study the required readings before each class...those daily quizzes add up!
4.5 : Average grader. Very helpful and responsive to emails. He is there to help you pass and to help your education.
4.5 : Excellent professor. Very helpful, loved his accent
5.0 : Studied with Dr. Elena Abend for several years-it was AWESOME! So supportive, and amazing person! Such a privilege to be in her studio! BRAVO!
4.5 : Prof. Abend is a highly trained pianist hailing from Juilliard. Like every piano professor I've ever had, she is tough but warm. Strives for excellence from all of her students but celebrates your achievements just as much as you, if not more. She loves and lives music, and helped me correct a lot of technical problems and become a better musician!
4.0 : Great teacher, and really supportive person to her students! She is an amazing person, who makes you really work for it! Thank you, Professor Abend for your amazing teaching!
4.5 : Very aware of personal lives of students. Really makes an effort to connect with each student individually and makes the class interesting with stories of personal experience.
5.0 : I loved the class I took with Nancy. Just make sure you read the material she provides and you will pass. It is a great class.
5.0 : Nancy was my favorite professor I've ever had and If I could take her for more classes, id be signed up in a heart beat.  She's an easy grader and really cares if you pass the class or not.  She gives you good feedback and will let you know what you need to do different.
5.0 : There were only two test, the midterm and the final. A majority of the class work is assigned readings and guided reading logs. Be prepared to be active in class with fellow classmates especially the ones who are assigned at your table. Pay attention, read, complete work, and go over feedback and you'll be fine. Class was easy, and Nancy was great.
4.5 : Good teacher, smart and helpful. The problem is that the class relies on basic algebra skills, and there is a lot of info to cover. Visit her in office hours!
5.0 : Attendance isn't "mandatory", but it does make up a significant portion of your grade. Attendance/Homework is 60%, tests/quizzes 40%. This prof. is not for lazy students. She is friendly, welcoming, does live webcasts for reviews - if you fail her class it is by some fault of your own.
4.5 : Professor Grant is very knowledgeable when it comes to environmental economics, this made the course very interesting. Attendance isn't mandatory but not going will definitely cost you on the exams. Professor Grant is one of the best teachers at UWM for sure!
5.0 : super helpful, just needs more office hours. her TA didn't email me back once all year
3.5 : Go to class. Take notes. Ask for help. Do assignments. Pass class. Simple.
2.0 : Wow, she just sent a mass email saying to rate her here. I've taken/tutored econ various times and this class was frustrating to me. Uses the formula Q = b - mP, not P = b - mQ. Not sure what the point was. Could have posted clear instructions on how to do problems but never did. "Discussion" questions were never discussed; why make us "ask" them?
5.0 : Overall this class was very interesting, but you have to come prepared for class, read the book and participate. If you come to lecture you will have a better understanding for the homework and also the exams. Not an easy A, but you will leave the class with a lot of knowledge
4.0 : She was very helpful and went over the material in an easy to understand way that made the class interesting and fun!
5.0 : Prof. Grant is a great teacher, really made sure we understood all the concepts extremely well. Tests were fair. If you have an interest at all in this subject, I would definitely recommend taking this class!
5.0 : Her passion for the subject spilled over onto the students. Concise, clear, yet very insightful, though course progressed slowly at times. Posting questions about the assigned reading was a great mechanism to keep our reading up to par. Her textbook selection was fantastic. The book elucidated and unpackaged lecture concepts in plain detail.
5.0 : Great class, real interesting concepts and topics covered in. Homework is a little challenging but worth it. Show up to class and you'll get an A.
4.5 : I loved this class and I learned a ton. It wasn't super easy but in comparison to other econ classes it was a lot more conceptual and for me that was far easier than math heavy courses.
4.0 : I really liked how the class was set up and very much enjoyed the professor's teaching style. Wish the lectures slides weren't so plain and simple so that it would be easier to stay interested.
4.5 : Interesting class. I am happy I took it for HDFS credit. Great teacher, she is passionate and extremely smart. Must work hard for an A.
5.0 : This class definitely wasn't a walk-in-the-park and you had to try hard to do well. She does a great job of breaking down the policy-making process for those who don't have a background. Very approachable and clear with grading criteria. Discussion assignments are graded hard and online quizzes can be tricky. She does offer extra credit, though!
5.0 : While this class is definitely not an easy 'A', Professor Halpern-meekin is a really great professor who is knowledgeable and always willing to help.  Take advantage of the extra credit and meet with her or the TA outside of class if you are having trouble with the assignments, especially the papers.
5.0 : Prof H-M is very personable, yet maintains a high level of professionalism. Shes young and woke, yet old enough to really know what shes doing. Her exceptional level of intelligence and passion for her work is clearly shown in her teaching. Her kindness and genuine concern for others is not only a rarity among profs, but people in general.
3.0 : Definitely go to class - her online quizzes have many specific answers that assess what she explained in class. 2 short papers but she is a very critical grader. You need to work very hard to get an A. Not much homework- just need to do extremely well on papers and quizzes.
4.0 : The readings sucked most of the time but the lectures made them easier to understand. Good use of D2L so as long as you do your readings and look at the lecture slides (and show up to discussion) going to lecture isn't mandatory.
5.0 : Great teacher. Cares about the students
5.0 : Barbara is seriously the most amazing and caring professors at UWM. She bent backwards just to ensure that I and every one of her students were able to receive a good grade! Seriously, take a course with Barbara, you will not regret it!
5.0 : She is an amazing teacher and extremely helpful. She will do anything to help you pass as long as you try. There are extra credit opportunities. I wish she taught more classes.
5.0 : Barbara is one of the best teachers I have had at UWM, she is entertaining and passionate about teaching!
5.0 : Barbara is the only German teacher I've had at UWM so far, but she is the best professor I've had here. She is extremely caring about her students, and wants to help you do the best you possibly can. Participation and attendance are mandatory and part of your grade, but she is funny and makes the lectures interesting.
5.0 : Barbara is seriously one of the nicest ladies ever and really cares about each and every one of her students. If you want a fun, easy, awesome class take one with her!
5.0 : Group projects are the worst part. Otherwise great class and great professor
5.0 : fun teacher who is there for you. willing to go the extra mile to see that you succeed.
5.0 : It is a very easy class. You have one test in class and all the rest are online. The only bad thing about this class is the group projects which she loves. She is very passionate about it and you get to go on a brewery tour.
5.0 : Barbara is honestly the best teacher I ever had, she is super fair with her grading and super understanding. If you have any questions, ask her. She will bend over backwards to help you. Just make sure you do your homework and participate a little in class and you'll be golden.
5.0 : Great man
5.0 : Dan Lotesto is seriously the best professor or teacher for that matter that I've ever had. He is truly a great person with an amazing sense of humor and he explains things perfectly. I used to get Cs and Ds in high school math courses. I've gotten all As in every math class I've taken taught by Mr. Lotesto. I'm in love with him I swear! haha
5.0 : Professor Lotesto was the best professor I've come across. He's easy to follow and makes math entertaining. He definitely goes above and beyond the status quo.
5.0 : Great teacher. It's clear he enjoys teaching and loves math. He's happy to help if you need clarification. Goes off topic often, but is entertaining to listen to.
5.0 : Excellent teacher. Will answer any questions and respond to all emails. He LOVES what he does and it shows. He honestly wants you to learn as much as possible and succeed.
5.0 : Lotesto is one of the best Calculus teachers UWM has. He's very clear, keeps the class upbeat and fun, and really has the student's interest at heart. He wants you to succeed, and will help you out if you ask. Take him!
4.5 : Great teacher, you can tell he loves what he does and will set you up for success if you put the work into the course.  He does sometimes ramble a little to much on things that we wont be tested on even if were tight on time.  Other than that he's great, Ive had him for 2 classes and plan on taking his course in the future as well in calc.
4.5 : One of the best professors/teachers I have ever had in my life. Goes off topic sometimes but for a good reason, usually application in the real world, but sometimes not. Interesting man, kind-hearted, easy going, humorous. If you have the chance to get him, do it.
4.0 : He will tell you stories that you'll think have nothing to do with calculus but then he'll bring it back,  a lot of class time spent off topic though.  He's funny and a cool guy very accessible if you need help or want to go over problems with him.  I would highly suggest taking him if you can. collects all chapter homework once finished wchapter.
5.0 : He was amazing
5.0 : Dan is the best instructor ever! He's very flexible and the way how he makes you think and push you to figure out new stuff is totally amazing. I will totally look for his name for my next Math classes.
4.0 : Dan is a really nice guy who genuinely wants to see his students succeed. He's always available and accommodating. The only downside to his teaching is that he tends to make a lot of mistakes which can get confusing and he goes off topic quite often. However he is a great professor and I've never had a better grade in any math class before
5.0 : He goes ff topic a lot but he is amazing. I had trouble with a worksheet and he walked me through it via email. I  would retake this class just for him.
4.0 : He can be a little spazzy but I get what hes trying to say about identity and community. I think he tries too hard and think we might be stupid tho
4.5 : Noel is very nice. Amazing class, prof, and TAs and really teaches you indepth about LGBT issues. I personally loved it and I just took it to fulfill a humanities credit. Intimate class setting - you sit in a circle. Readings are long, but you usually don't have to read all of them. No homework besides web posts every week and 3 papers total.
4.5 : There's a lot of reading but as long as you plan ahead and don't put it off, you'll be fine. He is an entertaining teacher and keeps class interesting but sometimes could be a bit rude and made me feel like he doesn't have much respect for his students. But, as long as you go to class and do the work, getting a good grade shouldn't be an issue.
4.0 : Noel's a weird guy, but a great professor. He frequently uses acting and humor as a way to make the students experience certain feelingstrick us into understanding things. If that sounds interesting to you, well, you'll love this class! You can tell he's passionate about the material and presents it uniquely and well.
3.0 : Brian is a cool guy, in general I respected his calm demeanor and kind personality. When I took Mumblecore I'm fairly certain it was a new class and thus lacking a lot of substance in the material. It was an easy A for sure but I've heard the class has since become more difficult. Cool guy maybe he has developed more as a teacher since then.
4.0 : Hes a nice professor and flexible with his time. Hes knowledgeable and gave good insight. however, it felt like there was not much point to some of his lectures. but as a professor for a beginner class hes easy to talk to and approachable which is important if someone is teaching incoming students.
5.0 : I took the winterim online class. Quizzes for each chapter but pretty easy so its bearable!You have to watch movies and write discussion posts on them. The movies are SUPER INTERESTING AND very new movies. 2 papers, very easy. easy and interesting class! Love Nancy!
5.0 : It is self paced, you could potentially finish the semesters work of class in a month if you wanted. Thats what I did. There were discussion questions, you got the full points as long as you  participated and responded to peoples responses. Paper was fairly easy and interesting. Would highly recommend her.
4.5 : I learned more in 16 weeks in this class than I had all the years prior in school.  Great Sociology class
5.0 : Dr. Fehrman is awesome! he is very helpful and always happy to meet with you and steer you in the right direction. I have had him for two courses and wish he was offering another because I really enjoy his classes.
3.0 : Took this professor for SW 705 Online. ABSOLUTE worst mistake ever. This professor posts a discussion late Monday that you need to respond to by end of day Wednesday then have two more follow up posts by Saturday. Then you start all over again for the following week. Also had the midterm, a 50 questions online exam open for 2 hours due over Easter.
5.0 : I really enjoyed taking SW 705 and the professor was really helpful! However, there are 2 papers due back to back which requires you to read two different books and relate to concepts in the textbook. writing 2 papers, online discussions with 2 responses and exams are sometimes all due in the same week! I learned a lot from this class but not easy!
4.0 : Typical UWM business class. A few online assignments, quizzes and tests throughout the semester. One big group project throughout the semester that's worth a good amount of points for both the paper and presentation. He has a thick German accent but is very clear. Very knowledgable and passionate about the topic and cares about his students.
4.0 : Took resch for international business at UCF. He made the class enjoyable and explained all the material in a way anyone could understand. He does an in-depth exam review before each test which is helpful. Watch the lectures, do your hw, and study his guides and you'll get at least a B. Super cool guy!
5.0 : Resch is a really nice and helpful guy.  Attendance is part of the grade, but go to class all the time and you will not need to study more than a couple hrs for an exam.  Project is easy too.
5.0 : Worked with the class to make sure we got what we needed out of the class. He explained material in a way that made sense and was easy to grasp. No "busy work", everything we did had a purpose. It was't a breeze but I did just fine as a non-business major.
5.0 : BEST English teacher I have ever had. There was weekly homework which was never excessive. He is very enthusiastic! You must attend class per the university, and his course packet was very cheap at the bookstore. He really helps you step by step on your portfolio with examples of good/bad papers and bi weekly meetings. Very flexible to meet with.
5.0 : Michael was a great teacher. I took Eng 102 over summer and it was the easiest way to pass this prerequisite. He is very knowledgeable and even though the class may have gotten boring at some points, it was still very easy. Highly recommend
5.0 : Michael was such a great Irish Literature teacher. He's a PhD candidate so he's very interested in the material being learned. He knew how to go above and beyond the readings and only required 2 papers and 2 exams outside of regular class meetings and the readings for hmwk. He was very approachable outside of class as well.
5.0 : I was dreading this class, but i actually ended up enjoying it.  He was very enthusiastic and was effective in creating an environment where students could feel comfortable delivering a speech.
5.0 : I ran into a few situations where my work was late. He was very understanding and gave me the opportunity to finish the assignments.
4.5 : Gives good lectures that are very understandable, however if you don't understand things immediately, she can struggle to guide you on the right path. Regardless she is happy and fun and I enjoyed her sunny attitude very much. I actually ended up requesting she be my adviser too :)
5.0 : Do you hate math? Has math made you cry? Do you feel stupid in a math class? Then take Julie G. I have always had difficulties in math and she is the best math teacher I have ever had. I wish she taught 103105. She is very organized which was essential to me passing. I actually understood things.
4.5 : I took AP Psych in high school so this class was really easy. She explains topics thoroughly and is very smart. She's also very funny. Very easy class, even for my friends who have never taken a psych course prior to her class.
4.5 : Best instructor I've ever taken. I took most of her courses!
5.0 : Very knowledgeable on the subject and is concise. The class is very easy as long as you do the assigned readings and weekly assignments. Don't be afraid to ask questions because she knows what she is talking about.
2.0 : Kimberly was nice, but, she assigned a major amount of coursework which I found unnecessary because it was a class for a gen ed requirement. She didn't give any tests, but rather gave four pop quizzes throughout the semester and a 10 page final paper. The quizzes are based off of the readings so you have to do them and they are lengthy &amp; intensive.
5.0 : Dr. Hernandez was an amazing teacher to have. The course materials are easily accessible and she made the class extremely interesting. While she expects students to read and be prepared for discussions, she is also very understanding and always accepts late work. There is a lot of busy work, but she is a fair grader and taught me so many things!
4.0 : She teaches well. There is a lot of reading depending on what class you are taking under her. Make sure you pay attention to discussion, and always ask for help when needed. Listen carefully when she does lectures also, because not everything will be on the slides. She follows what's on the syllabus, so as long as you follow that you are also fine.
5.0 : Professor Hernandez is an awesome teacher. She is so kind and genuine. Her lectures are easy to understand. Wish I could take another course taught by her.
3.5 : Professor Freimark is great. Really funny, makes class enjoyable. Also a very easy class. Not much to worry about here if you study and show up to class. He lays out exactly what you need to know before the exams. Notecards were allowed, too.
4.5 : Freimark was awesome, very clear on what you will be tested on and easygoing.  A large part of your grade was a group project, but he had clear guidelines and graded very fairly.  Took as a night class usually got out early, around a half hour or so.  Great help in office hours and funny. Have run into on brady street, super cool. bought him a shot
5.0 : He looks like a cross between Aaron Rodgers and Ross from "Friends". I absolutely love him, I wish all of my business classes were with him. He gave me 100% on every paper and test. For the final he gave everyone 5 extra credit points because we took it on one of the last days of final week. He's amazing and attractive.
5.0 : Best professor ever. He's funny and personable but also teaches really well. You can tell he wants his students to do well and take as much as possible from his class. Best experience so far with college professors.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Very helpful and approachable. Lots of fun stories, videos and guest speakers. Three tests, three case summaries from the textbook and and group project that is broken down throughout the semester. Very easy class. Definitely recommend!
5.0 : Super easy, relates to students, funny, and would recommend him without a doubt.
5.0 : This class isn't required for business majors but I took it as a GER my freshman year. Freimark is a super cool guy, totally laid back and always has guest speakers. There was service learning that we had to do but I didn't mind it at all, that was probably the hardest thing the entire semester. TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!
5.0 : DO NOT BUY THE TEXTBOOK IT IS A WASTE OF $120 DOLLARS. Seriously though, all the information needed to get an A+ in the class is in the notes he gives. Very easy class, you almost get an A for showing up to class. He is very clear and easy to understand!
5.0 : Great professor for Business Ethics. Group projects are done, so be warned. Everything in his class is easily accessible. He only has two exams, and the reviews for them are concise and designed to help you pass.
5.0 : AMAZING professor! By far my favorite I've taken here at UWM. He makes class fun and let our night class out early every time. Common sense class so it's an easy A. Lets you use a notecard on both exams. 1010 would take him again. And yes it's true, he is a Ross Geller look-alike!
5.0 : Freimark is the best, take his class you won't be disappointed. Super easy class and he's an overall great guy. Don't buy the book.
5.0 : Freimark is by far the best professor I've ever had. His lectures are fun and engaging and his assignments are easy but relevant to course objectives. He's funny and cares about you as a student, he will most likely accommodate any need you have. He was also my professor for the Lubar study abroad to France and he was awesome!! Take him if you can!
4.5 : class is so easy it's not even funny.  NO HOMEWORK.  just show up, otherwise you'll get an email.  But he's a funny guy.  little awkward cause he's new but classes aren't boring.  all-in-all he's a G
4.0 : Random attendance, one of the easiest classes I have taken. He's not the best professor since he just directly reads off of slides, but hey, it's an easy class. He tells you exactly what you need to study for.
5.0 : Freimark is one of the best. The class is the easiest class you will take here, so take it. There is 3 exams and a handful of papers that are not hard to get a 100 on them. His lectures are usually pretty entertaining. Also, he looks like Ross from Friends, and he dressed up as him for Halloween so that was pretty funny.
5.0 : He is so funny and is identical to Ross Geller in every way shape and form. His lectures are boring, he reads straight from the powerpoint, but he gives pop quizzes for attendance, which is important. His exams are clear and exactly the information given on review day.
5.0 : definitely cares about each student and that each student passes. super easy class and professor
5.0 : Random attendance checks. Go to class and you'll be fine. Easy scantron tests. Looks like Ross from friends. Funny guy.
5.0 : This guys awesome. Rarely do you sit in class for his whole lectures. Funny too.  Random attendance taking for participation grade.   DO NOT BUY THE TEXTBOOK. (Bus Adm 100)
5.0 : So far he is my favorite professor I've had. He is really easy to talk to. There are two easy papers, two tests, and one group presentation. As long as you do the work you will get an A in the class.
5.0 : Mr. Freimark will always be one of my favorite professors. He's super funny and makes the lectures enjoyable. You pretty much have to read the textbook to pass the class, since most of the lectures go over what we were supposed to read. He's a pretty easy grader also.
5.0 : Professor Freimark is awesome! Really wants you to pass and learn in his class. Very easy material, and uses pop quizzes as attendance.
5.0 : Freimark is one of the best teachers I have ever had. The class is beyond easy if you took any sort of business class in HS plus its one of the most entertaining lectures you'll have. Definitely would recommend his class to anyone.
3.5 : Freimark doesn't seem to take this class seriously. You'll get an A, but you won't learn the material well.
3.0 : I was very bored in lecture- WAY too elementary. I learned harder things in my high school business classes. Professor Freimark is nice, but the class was pretty boring and I don't think there is anything he could have done to make it interesting. He does give pop quizzes at random lectures. You also have to write over 5 essays (3-4 pp.)
5.0 : One of my favorite professors here. Had him for bus 100 and business ethics. He's very funny and always keeps lectures interesting. He also makes it almost impossible to fail so just do the assignments and you'll get an A.
5.0 : He was probably one of the coolest professors I have taken a class with at UWM. It didn't really require a lot of time out of class. There was one group project, 2 exams, and 2 papers. Lectures were really interesting and he made the class more enjoyable to sit through because of his sense of humor. He also looks a lot like Ross from Friends.
5.0 : Friemarks a straight up G homie, He gave me a 100% on an assignment I didn't even turn in!
4.0 : Freimark is a really nice dude. He let me take my final early without even asking any questions about why. Super easy class. In order to pass, you either have to read the textbook or pay attention in class, but you don't have to do both. You would have to be extraordinarily lazy to not pass this class tbh
5.0 : Friemark is awesome. Would highly recommend for any class. He is extremely personable and a great lecturer. Show up to class for pop quizzes. Overall great professor and great classes.
5.0 : She is such a nice teacher and the best english teacher/professor i have ever had! tried to get into her class for english 102 but it was closed, not surprised though since she is so awesome!!!
5.0 : She was such an amazing teacher to have for a class. She's very smart and you can tell she's genuinely interested about the material she's teaching. She's very easy to get along with and isn't a harsh grader
5.0 : She is by far one of the best English 102 teachers. She did an amazing job at preparing us for the research paper and EVERY STUDENT in my class passed portfolio. She is amazing. take her class if you can.
5.0 : Go to class and you will be fine. Theres some reading but the books are short and interesting. The whole class is graded on participation, 1 exam, 2 papers, and a few 1 page response papers. Leslie is a fun teacher and she has a good sense of humor.
5.0 : Nick is such a cool professor! I took his class for my GEOG credit so this class was nothing I was really interested in but he made it more enjoyable considering it was 2.5 hours. You can tell he genuinely cares and wants his students to do well. I would take him again!
5.0 : Awesome teacher! Very friendly and made class enjoyable. One of my favorites by far. Highly recommended!
5.0 : Very easy class.  Gives you a study guide before each of the 3 tests.  Have to give 3 presentations; two are in groups.  Can only miss 3 classes until points are taken away from grade.  Super easy class.  Kiko wants her students to succeed and is super nice! I would take another class with her.
5.0 : I took her 330 and 192 last year. I really liked her. She makes difficult concepts very easy to understand. Kiko treats everyone the same. And I learned a lot from her classes.
4.0 : Kiko is very knowledgeable about the subject and gave us great examples.
4.5 : Enjoyed the class very much. Very friendly teacher.
5.0 : Take her if you can. She gives  study guides, which are super helpful. She is super helpful if you like to improve your speech. She is one of my favorites.
2.5 : Omori was a decent communications professor, I took the class at St. Cloud, but shes hard to understand because there is somewhat of a communication barrier with her accent (if you struggle with accents I would not suggest). The class over all was easy, 3 tests and 3 speeches(2 group and 1 solo),  she gives you study guides which help a lot.
5.0 : Great teacher! Very helpful outside of class, and you can tell she wants her students to do well. Very young but she knows her stuff! Work needs to be done in order to pass portfolio but I would recommend her as a teacher!
4.0 : Lindsay is an insightful person and a good professor. The discussion-based structure of the class was well-suited to her style of teaching. She prompted interesting conversations, and I enjoyed the readings. I felt as though she took my comments seriously, and she never treated me with condescension. Attend class and write the papers for an easy A.
4.5 : Awesome Professor! Very understanding and helpful!!! No tests in this class, just journaling and group work in class. Must complete portfolio to pass but no tests along the way. She is open minded, young and passionate about her material and students. Pay attention and it's an easy A !
5.0 : A paper due every class period and essay every two weeks its crazy
5.0 : He is very clear and very easy. Exams are all written but it makes it easier to explain what your trying to say and he is very understanding!
5.0 : Best teacher/professor I have ever had by far.
5.0 : This guy was born to teach. Even if you're feeling lazy, he is able to teach, inspire, engage, and entertain you all at the same time, as long as you show up to class. He's starting a sales program at Marquette and has an outstanding background. He is very helpful and easy to talk to. This was by  my favorite course I have taken so far.
4.5 : One of the best professors I've had. He makes the topics interesting by giving relative examples. As long as you go to class you will do great. He is also really helpful. The assignments are not difficult and the exams are on information given in the study guides. Definitely recommend taking one of his classes.
5.0 : Hands down the best instructor I have ever had!  He makes learning easy and fun.  His 4 hour class flies by.  Wish he taught all of my classes.
5.0 : Dr. Milovic furthered my interest in Marketing. His lectures are relevant and he is always very enthusiastic. Tests are multiple choice (pretty easy with a moderate amount of studying), with online quizzes and a simulation. I can't wait to take some other classes he teaches.
5.0 : He's literally awesome.  My favorite professor at Marquette, so far.  I actually find myself using what he has taught in class in the real world.  I wish I had more classes with him next semester.
5.0 : THE best professor I've had at Marquette by far.  Just show up and study 45 minutes before and exam and you'll get an A.  The guy knows everything about everything.  Sports, video games, marketing, politcs and more.  There is no doubt you can find something to talk with him about.  I am taking professional selling with him now for a reason.
4.5 : By far the best marketing professor at Marquette.  If you are a marketing major or need to just take intro marketing, do whatever it takes to get him.  He is also really good at helping students finding careers post graduation.
5.0 : He is now at Marquette University! He is awesome and I would recommend that all take him! He is extremely helpful. He helped me with my resume, interviews, etc. Overall, awesome.
5.0 : Milovic is a really good guy who likes to see his students do well.  Even though the lecture is huge, he tries to get to know everyone.  He has a lot of real world experience and is absolutely hilarious.  I would take him.
5.0 : Professor Milovic is arguably one of the best professors I've ever had. He's funny, understanding, and always willing to help. MARK 4094 isn't a hard class, but it'll teach you a lot of great things, and you'll laugh a lot along the way. He's very flexible with deadlines and assignments, and you'll always know what's expected of you. 10/10.
4.5 : She is a great professor and easy to talk to. The class itself is fairly easy and very interesting. There are only two homework assignments and 2 exams the whole year. There are a lot of readings, but she goes through them in class. Participation and attendance is expected and is 50% of your grade.
5.0 : mary was one of the best professors ive taken at uwm. she is so kind and really cares about all of her students. she is personable and makes you feel comfortable in class. she made learning a new language less stressful than i couldve ever imagined.
5.0 : Professor Martin is excellent; his classes are tough and the papers are extremely thought-provoking. The books he makes you read are all great (and you will almost always have to read The Crying of Lot 49). He is not a terribly tough grader, but he will write an entire page (single-spaced) of comments on your papers. He's great, I recommend.
4.5 : Moves at a reasonable pace, very clear, always willing to help &amp; tries to keep things fun when possible. Lots of quizzes, but let's you work in groups for half of them. Homework isn't required, but definitely helps. Would highly recommend.
5.0 : Good
5.0 : Great guy. Sense of humor that most people don't appreciate but I did. Class average was awful for some reason, but it was an easy A in my opinion unless you have never seen algebra in your life. Also drops 3 lowest quiz scores. Didn't even need them to be dropped.
4.0 : He is easily one of the greatest lecturers I've had at UW-Mil!! He's enthusiastic and fun to engage with in classroom conversation. His tone is always very lively, so taking an evening class works well. I have a lot of respect for his teaching style and the way he runs his class. Oriol is always there for you!! A great guy who loves his subject!!
5.0 : Oriol is one of the greatest professors I've had. He's extremely passionate about Sociology, and it makes material that would be boring (theory) somewhat interesting and easy to understand. This class requires a lot of reading and comprehension checks, but I feel like I've learned a lot and would recommend this class with Oriol anytime.
4.0 : Oriol is a great professor. He is very passionate about the subject and provides a lot of useful information on various topics and theories. The class really makes you look at thing differently. The class is not overly difficult if you do the reading and attend lecture. I recommend taking this class.
5.0 : Oriol is a great teacher!  Some of the content can be tough, but he really wants his students to learn and will spend time making sure everything is clear.
5.0 : Oriol made it clear that he was extremely knowledgeable about the theories we discussed. He also provided PPTs that were easy to look at after class. Class material can get difficult at times, and papers are graded in a specific way. At any rate, I'd take 327 with Oriol because he's a great speaker/presenter
5.0 : I took his class in the spring and really loved it. His lectures are super interesting and it's clear he invests time in them. He's respectful toward students and really knows the subject matter. High expectations but he makes you want to do well. He's also funny!
5.0 : Oriol is a great professor that every college student in my class respected and loved. Though some of the content is challenging, he is very understanding and will take time out of class to explain difficult concepts with clarity. My advice is read the content and take notes on it! He will pull key content from the readings for the quizes.
4.5 : Liam was hands down one of my favorite professors I've had at UWM. Not only was the class fun, but he gives great feedback and you can tell that he truly cares about his students and helping them cultivate their writing skills. I felt like I was challenged in a way that was beneficial to my writing, and would love to have class with him again.
5.0 : Prof Callanan knows the value of constructive criticism AND encouragement. Take his class and you'll get plenty of both. Not only did my writing skills vastly improve from his class but I found myself wanting to write more and loving it again. He is professional; published author. And yes he is fine and looks like young Gregory Peck.
5.0 : Liam is  one of the best professors I've had and by far the best creative writing teacher. I highly recommend taking his class for 416 or 615. He not only gives you great feed back, but does it in a respectful/nice way. The course itself is challenging, but not extremely difficult. He's big on Grammar and punctuation, as well as story format.
5.0 : All the actual debate-related material from this class probably could have been covered in one (3-hour) lecture. Lara's very nice and a good teacher, the material was just lacking. We usually left an hour or so before class was scheduled to end. Very easy A if you don't mind group projects.
4.0 : Dr. Stache is a new professor at NIU. Although I did not take classes taught by her at Milwaukee, I did however, take classes taught by her at Northern. She is a great professor who has a lot of background and expertise in the field. No textbook required, nothing too taxing. Excellent course!
5.0 : Dr. Roberts is fantastic. She really wants you to understand and isn't like other professors who speed past things to get their schedule finished. She seems to really care and takes time explaining everything.
3.0 : Good Teacher. Great personality and she always encourages you to meet her for extra help. Took it twice cause i failed first time (personal issues). Old school style of lecture where she writes on board. Sometimes posts notes on d2l but that's rare so you have to go to class. No textbook. Lab is really easy too. You get used to her accent.
4.5 : She is a fantastic teacher!  A textbook is not required as she writes down everything you'll need to know on the board.
4.5 : Professor Roberts is a great professor. She tells you exactly what you need to know in lecture and it reflects onto exams. As long as you go to lecture and take notes you will pass this class. The homework given throughout the semester are VERY similar to exams. Also, she writes everything on the board so you don't need the textbook.
4.5 : Aki is great with helping students. She makes sure everyone understands what she is teaching before she moves on. She wants to see everyone get an A so she will go out of her way to assist you with understanding! I took her twice both A's and recommend everyone because she HELP and makes the hardest things simple. I LOVE THE WAY SHE TEACHES
5.0 : Great Professor, gives you everything you need to know in class. Wish she taught more classes. Wants everyone to succeed!
5.0 : The class isn't necessarily the most easiest, but it is because Prof. Aki does an amazing job through her lecture videos and powerpoints. It's easy to understand and catch on. Very detailed but it helps a lot. Homework and exams are a breeze since she goes through everything you need to know beforehand. Great explanations and examples.
5.0 : I attended Jim's Entrepreneurship class back in 2012 during my last semester at UWM, and I think it was by far the most helpful and interesting class I took in college. If you want to learn real-world business, learn from Jim Hunter.
5.0 : He is by far one of the nicest professors I have ever had! The work load is a little heavy, but it is worth it because of how much you learn. The things you learn are practical knowledge that you won't learn in any other class. He genuinely cares about what he is teaching.
5.0 : Jim is easily the most genuine teacher in all of the business school in my opinion.  He wants you to struggle at times because that is part of the battle of entrepreneurship, but he is always there to help.  Nearly the entire class walks out of the class with an A as well, but if you show to him that you put effort into the class.
5.0 : Really knows her stuff. Will make sure you actually understand the material as opposed to just memorizing it. Expect more papers than a normal SOIS class and she grades tough.
5.0 : Wonderful Professor. I really enjoyed her class. Readings were interesting, some were lengthy. Boring subjects were made interesting with her creative ability to make it fun. The class felt like there were a paper due every 3-4 weeks, but the papers were small. 500 words minimum, and have sources. She has good test/exam review sheets. I recommend.
1.0 : Not helpful, extremely tough grader. Don't recommend at all. Unfairly graded exams and paper, and too high expectations for students. Will confuse you on exams.
5.0 : Excellent course, great prof.  Almost switched my major to info science after her class.
4.0 : Definitely recommend this professor. Subject matter can be dry,  but she is an good lecturer and the class discussions keep things lively and help you learn the subject matter. Very fair grader also, gives helpful feedback.
5.0 : Even though the topics can be boring sometimes, she makes the lecture interesting and engaging. The readings aren't necessarily mandatory as she tends to summarize the main points of them in the powerpoint slides.
4.5 : Most of your grade is tests and quizzes and there aren't very many of those. He really easy to listen to and extremely entertaining. Although if you do not go to class you will miss a lot because his powerpoint slides contain almost no information, so you probably want to go to class. If you do go to his class, you'll do well on tests and quizzes.
5.0 : Amy is a direct, honest professor. Some are intimidated by her, but don't be. Show up to class prepared, ask questions if you don't understand (she is great at showing students a variety of ways to understand a topic), and show up to practice during open lab times. Make an effort and you won't be sorry! Best clinical professor by far.
3.5 : Matt has an apparent love for math and is good at it. The problem is he over explains things and takes 45 minutes to  get you to a point of understanding. He's strict on grading and seems to seek out errors or missing work to get through grading faster. He speaks in math form "x such that y if and only if..." and can be hard to understand. nice guy
2.5 : There are 3 tests, 1 is the final.  You get to see the questions a few days before the test (essay), one is selected. Super interesting topic (metaphysics), awesome discussions, made it boring sometimes, talks way too much about comics- our "textbook" was watchmen. Hes anti technology NO phones at all. Not many assignments. Hes kinda odd but nice.
5.0 : Awesome class!
5.0 : Keeps class interesting/enthusiastic
5.0 : Ex credit given at end of semester.  3 big exams, discussions required and readings required. Good class. Read and youll succeed.
3.0 : Overall this class was fine, it was mainly dependent on a group project but we did have other factors such as attendance, very small assignments, and one or two pop quizzes. Her lectures are intriguing as she's had experience living abroad, but they can go off on a tangent and get drawn out sometimes. She won't bother learning your name.
3.0 : She's really cool and uses her anthropological work to help clarify points. She's very picky when grading papers, and in my personal experience, is slightly rude sometimes, but only if you've done something to offend someone, which is understandable. Just hard when you didn't realize you did this, an explanation is better than rude comments.
5.0 : Brad is an amazing teacher! His passion just oozes off to him and make the career of a medical laboratory scientist really interesting! I 100% believe people who are recommended to you, to take the offer. He makes learning the material very easy! He makes funny jokes and he loves to through his daughter in whenever it's possible! :)
5.0 : My favorite teacher here so far. There's nothing negative I can really say. Class is fun and super easy, but I feel I've learned a decent amount and have a good idea of what a career in this would look like. All exams and quizzes are online and open note. Lab quizzes aren't, but if you pay any attention you'll be fine. You don't need the book.
5.0 : Impressive, the passion that he has for this career transmits on to you.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have ever had. He was extremely helpful, passionate about his work, and keeps class interesting. Going to miss having him as a teacher.
4.5 : This class is not required for my major, but it is definitely worth it! My advisor had recommended the class and I am so glad he did. Very interesting, and brad is a great professor!
2.5 : Goes way to fast during lecture, does not explain everything thoroughly and is tough on the tests. He is there for the help on the side but it is still confusing and is very limited on time since he is a student himself, which is not helpful.
5.0 : Mr. Beer is a very respectable man. All quizzes and exams mirror textbook assignments. The class consisted of 600 total points. 100 quiz points, 300 exam points, and 200 final exam points. Allows you to contact him on multiple platforms for assistance. If you put in effort you should have no problem getting an A+
5.0 : Mr.Beer is super clear with his expectations for the class. All Exams and Quizzes are taken from the homework problems. Make sure you don't mess up on an exam though since there are 3 midterms and none can be dropped. There are about 20-30 points of EC on the final. No class curve to my knowledge, but I don't think it is needed at all.
3.0 : Took this class over the summer. Don't recommend doing that. Good professor, gives a lot of feedback on quizzes, and exams. Exams and quizzes mirror homework. Just super rushed during lectures, and goes through everything super fast.
5.0 : I love this instructor. He knows math. He is easy understand and goes above and beyond his responsibility. He personally tutored me instead of brushing me off to the tutor center.  I love this guy and would take any class he taught! I passed the class which allowed me to continue my college education.  Thank  you Thank you Thank you.
5.0 : Very helpful. If you show up and pay attention you will do fine. Took 117 and 215 with him.
2.0 : Content is good, but delivery is poor. Rushes through explanations without giving students time to finish what was written on the board. He will try and answer your questions, but is usually pretty rude.
5.0 : Have him right now as a grad student in his Portuguese 457 class. Really great professor and always there to help. Makes me wish I would of studied Portuguese earlier!!!
5.0 : GREAT professor. UWM is lucky to have him. Fair but tough teacher. Glad I had him as a graduate student this year.
4.0 : He is very into his class, and very interested into his students opinions
5.0 : dr Calkins is my favorite professor on campus. She cares a lot about her students and teaching them, I would take her again
5.0 : I loved this teacher! Not only is she really knowledgeable but she also really wants you to do well in her class. I've taken both Mythology and Intro to Greek Life and Literature and they both were a lot of fun. Make sure you keep up with the readings though, because classes are mandatory and you won't do well if you don't.
5.0 : She's kind, funny, and well educated. Fair grading, fair amount of homework. Make sure your grammar and spelling of names/cities are on point
4.5 : She is fantastic. Take any of her classes!! I've taken three with her and she's so helpful.
4.0 : The class isn't bad but I feel like the test are unrealistic.  Not only are you suppose to pull the character names off the top of your head but also correct spelling.  If I had a list of the names I would ace this course but without that I'm getting a B.
5.0 : The exams are ridiculous. They require you to identify vague passages from your reading, then answer questions about it. The problem is if you incorrectly identify the passage, the next 6 questions are guaranteed to be incorrect. And with exams usually only having about 5 passages, that means 1 incorrect identification can mean at least -20%.
5.0 : Prof Calkins really cares about her students. There was a lot of reading to do but her exams are composed of passages from the assigned readings. Know the characters, themes, and passages discussed in lecture and you should be fine!
4.0 : As long as you pay some attention in class and get your attendance points you're good to go. Three debate papers were super easy and you could find supporting quotes through google and you don't need the books in my opinion. She is super awesome and puts the lecture slides online so you can review them before the tests.
3.5 : She's pretty funny and helpful if you ask!
1.0 : I choose her class because of the high rating on this website, and can assure you this was a huge mistake. The class I took was an intro humanities course, and I had to spend more time, energy, and money on this class than in any other I've taken. Her lectures are mind numbing, instructions vague,  and I left each lecture annoyed with headache.
5.0 : Dr. Calkins is a great professor! She's super clear about what is on every test, her quizzes are super easy as long as you do the readings, AND she has extra credit on the exams also. Super easy amazing class!
4.5 : She's a very nice prof, very willing to help and extremely knowledgeable about her interests. She reads quite a few excerpts to us in class which is nice because it's like adult story time. I'd recommend the class for humanities credits.
4.5 : If you're willing to do all the little things to learn the material, she will make sure you get rewarded for it.
4.0 : I struggled with having no background knowledge in this class. However, Dr. Calkins is very approachable and helped me a ton. She's always willing to give feedback in person or via email and proofread papers or even the prep assignments. Definitely do the prep assignments, they are so helpful when prepping for midterm/finals!
4.0 : She is a fantastic professor who truly cares about the progress of her students. Any time I had questions or needed assistance with the material or an assignment, she was always more than willing to help and work with me. Her essays are the one downside. I'm typically good at essays but failed all of hers.
5.0 : The book looks scary, but it's basically the only book you have to read the entire semester, so it's worth it. READ EVERY WEEK, do the weekly quizzes, go to class, and participate and you'll  do good in the class! I knew nothing about ancient Greece, NOTHING and I learned lots! I highly recommend this class if you need a classics course!
5.0 : One of the best professors I have had at UW- Milwaukee and by far the best geology professor I have had a chance to take a class with. He is extremely friendly and easy to talk to, unlike most geology teachers he doesn't make you feel insecure about being wrong or asking questions. Always has a smile on too making coming to class more enjoyable.
4.0 : Very straightforward about what you need to know and what you don't.  I was dreading taking calculus, but she teaches in a way that is very understandable.  If you have questions about the homework you can email her and she will get back to you within a couple hours.  Very approachable.
5.0 : She is freakin awesome.  I would definitely take her class again!!!!!!!!!! )
5.0 : This professor knows the material (super smart). She is always there to help and wants to see you succeed (college class life).  Her lectures are amazing and her enthusiasm is infectious.  Go to class and participate in the discussions, and you will pass with flying colors! Favorite teacher of my life!!
5.0 : Kelsea was my favorite teacher freshman year.  She is so kind and encouraging, helping us think independently to establish/explore our own values and beliefs.  I am inspired by her passion to help us be the best that we can be, it has made me set higher goals for myself.  Her time and effort to me is invaluable.  Thank you for everything Kelsea.
5.0 : Fun teacher with lots of energy.  Class is easy.  Teacher is the hottest I have ever had.  Hope UWM has more of this to offer!
5.0 : Kelsea puts her whole heart and soul into creating a real learning environment. Most professors go through the motions very few make a lasting impact on their students, although all have the ability to do so. Kelsea is caring, passionate, and inspiring. She is the real deal. One of those teachers whose lessons stick with you for a life time.
5.0 : Kelsea is the best professor I've ever had.  She's the reason I decided to become a comm major.  She makes the material interesting and lively.  She is sweet and kind.  You will love this class.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I have ever had if not the best.  Class is fun and provokes alot of thought.  Participation among us includes our ideas and evaluations to help us gain clarity into the topic.  Most helpful teacher I have ever had.  She is a teacher you want definately want her as a professor again.
4.5 : Just finished class with her this semester. She is knowledgeable, helpful, keeps class interesting and moving at a good pace. I really enjoyed her as a professor and would take a class with her again in a heartbeat
5.0 : Awesome instructor. Lectures and discussions are interesting and engaging. She really creates an active learning environment that has an applied orientation, which is rare in today's university. Attendance is expected but don't know why you would ever want to miss one of her classes. There are always entertaining and she's easy on the eyes.
5.0 : Awesome instructor. Lectures and discussions are interesting and engaging. She really creates an active learning environment that has an applied orientation, which is rare in today's university. Attendance is expected but don't know why you would ever want to miss one of her classes. They are always entertaining and she's easy on the eyes.
5.0 : Katharine was the best. She made English so much more interesting. She is always willing to help her students and has the most interesting assignments making  them easier to accomplish and obtain a good grade. By far my favorite teacher at UWM. :)  P.S. if you're making your schedule... just take her class no matter what time it is at,its worth it
4.5 : Katharine in an AMAZING teacher! She is fun, easy going, laid back, and a genuine person. She makes the dreaded research paper a  tolerable experience and makes an 8am worth attending. Every assignment goes to help  your final paper and is worthwhile. I would strongly recommend taking a class with her.
5.0 : Katharine was the best English teacher I have ever taken. She made lectures fun, and she was easy going about assignments. Not a tough grader, since she knows this is a beginners class,  but she does explain lots of information. She's awesome. Would take this class again.
3.5 : Amazing person and teacher! She is sometimes hard to understand with her accent but she is such a sweetheart! Learned everything I did in this class in highschool so it was super easy for me, but when I didnt understand something she explained it perfectly! She has gone out of her way for me many times! I wish she taught more classes!
5.0 : Ms. D was hands down one of the best professors I've had, and there have been many. She is such a kind and caring person and she truly just wants every student to do their best. She was always available after class or during her office hours to answer questions, which I would recommend attending to get a good grade in the class.
5.0 : She is very kind person
4.5 : Professor Dementieva was one of the best teachers I have ever had for any subject. I took Math 94 with her and got to advance to Math 105. While she was teaching Math 94 she made sure I was still doing alright in my new class which she doesn't even teach.  She really wants her students to succeed and she will do her best to help you.
4.5 : Took her math class at MATC - Mequon campus.  Very helpful and genuinely cares for her students.  She wants you to succeed and will help you do that if you reach out. She took this "I can't do Algebra" person and made her a math whiz. Great teacher.  TAKE HER CLASS!
4.5 : Andrew is a great teacher and possibly the best I have ever had. His class is so thought provoking and the discussions on the readings are really enjoyable. He makes sure you understand everything when it comes to writing papers and will go the extra distance to meet with you and help you if needed. Very relatable and funny too. Highly recommended.
4.0 : As long as you go to class and visit him in office hours you will pass will an A or B. He is very good at telling you exactly what is expected to pass portfolio and then also get an A or B. He does give out about 20 home work assignments but that is pretty much all English 101 classes. He is very good at giving back detailed comments which helps!
4.5 : An instructor I'll never forget and the best I have had here. Andrew is helpful and insightful while also making class really fun and interesting. My class with him has still been the most useful and valuable to me too. The reason I never missed a day of class was not due attendance requirements, but instead because I genuinely wanted to be there.
4.5 : I struggle in English and ended with an A for the semester. I did work very hard and went to the writing center and office hours but, Mr. K is very good at giving feedback. He will explain something as many times as it takes to really understand something. Just make sure to participate and attend every class. He makes it clear what is expected.
5.0 : She is young and seems pretty new to teaching but she does a fantastic job at it!
5.0 : She does seem a little new to teaching, reading mostly off the slides. But she's totally awesome and does a great job!
5.0 : Ms. Khatib is a fantastic teacher at UWM! I had her for 110 and 240 and she rocks. She does seem kinda new to teaching but she's still young and getting the hang of it.
5.0 : Best Instructor you will ever have since your born. She is helpful in every way possible! Assignments are pretty easy if you show the effort. One advise to pass this class with "A":    JUST SHOW UP!
4.5 : Brittany makes things interesting and easy to understand. If you ever have a question she is easy to get a hold of through email and tries to help as much as she can.
5.0 : If you go to class and pay attention, you will pass. She's really good at facilitating an interesting discussionlecture.
5.0 : Very easy teacher! Do not really need to read textbook and readings are given to you online. Quizzes mostly every week and Tests are open note.
5.0 : Solid feedback, quick turnaround, well described expectations, and a general pleasure to take a class from.
5.0 : She knows the material and knows how to teach it to students. She's very clear and doesn't go on rants. I never find myself daydreaming in her classes, because she is able to make them interesting. The only negative is that she sometimes might go a bit too fast, so if you're a slow typer or don't know computer basics you may struggle a little.
5.0 : took the night class and absolutely loved it. she brought us donuts and always kept it interesting. if you type slowly, you might have trouble keeping up. always gave time for working on the assignment and she would stay to help us (during class time) or you had the option to leave early! Thanks Brittany!
4.0 : She is a young, pretty new to the teaching world, and might seem like someone without experience teaching, but she is very nice, helpful, and will answer any questions. Her classes consist of lecture (pp presentation) and practicelab parts. There is an assignment after almost any class, but they are nothing but what is being done in class. Loved!
4.5 : Brittany is a great teacher, she knows what she is doing and she is very nice. The only downside is that she likes to go fast so good typing skills are a must. She generally gives us the end of class to work on assignments when she walks around to answer questions and is very helpful.
5.0 : She rocks, best teacher you could ever have! very clear, I recommend her for either IT110 or IT240 I had her for both class.
4.5 : She tends to read directly from the slides a bit much so class always ended early, but she seems new to the teaching world as she is a graduate student; however, she is extremely helpful and knows what she is talking about. The assigned readings were interesting. You will always know what she expects of you. To top it all off, she is beautiful.
3.0 : There are only 4 things that go into the grade book, so each is worth 25%. She gives no study guides and just tells you to "read the book"... really hard to narrow down what to study if you have no clue what to pull from the text. She is super nice but I found this class really annoying.
5.0 : Great teacher, any class she teaches try to take!
5.0 : She is an awesome teacher and her class is relatively easy as long as you show up to it and have some interest in the subject. Only 4 things are graded and so far it seems like they are easy graders.
5.0 : I absolutely find that Nathan is an excellent teacher. He is there for you to help you learn inside and outside the class. He offers a lot of resources and makes the learning experience fun. I wish I could continue to have him as an instructor. I high recommend him to anyone interested in German. A++++++
4.5 : I wish I could take another class with him. No textbook, but lots of articles.
5.0 : Incredibly smart and easy-going.
5.0 : Awesome teacher, literally the best I've ever had. He's nice to look at too. Super chill and fun guy and class.
5.0 : Great teacher with good insights and a wide knowledge base. Super cute too!
5.0 : His topics in class make you think about everyday life and how what we see in media affects our ideas. Be open minded, ask questions, go to his office hours, and be prepared to learn a lot with no textbooks! He's laid back and cute, I had to say that! Seriously great person to learn from and have a class with. The world needs more John Terrys.
5.0 : Caitlyn was a wonderful professor! She's very organized, always willing to help, and really cares about the success of her students.  She replied to emails thoroughly and right away, which is always helpful.  I took another one of her classes this semester, and she's the same way!
3.5 : She is a good instructor. Fair, although the class is somewhat remedial for a college course.
4.0 : Very nice teacher. Very easy class. Should do reading, although most questions on exam are from lecture.
4.5 : Caitlyn is an amazing professor. Her class is extremely interesting &amp; she presents the material clearly. She gives time for collaboration during lectures. Grade is 2 exams, one reflection paper, one presentation, and 8 discussion activities. There's no textbook and all the reading is from journal articles (3 per unit). I would definitely reccommend
5.0 : She was wonderful. She would take her time to explain anything you needed and she taught you a lot!  I highly recommend her!!!
4.0 : If you're not yet comfortable with basic programming concepts, this is the course for you. He is very thorough and makes sure everyone understands the concepts before moving on, and explains things very well. However, if you know PHP pretty well already, his class might be a little slow for you. He also demands constant attention and participation.
4.0 : He is a very nice instructor, and cares about the success of his students. He is always willing to help you if don't understand something in the homework.
4.0 : He makes sure to go over  topics very thoroughly and ask students questions to make sure they understand.  His 325 - Security 1 class covered a lot of new topics and it's a lot of memorizing. However his 440 class was a cake walk. The only disappointing thing is that he often has some questions on his exams that he teach about.
5.0 : Definitely go to class and pay attention, it'll make everything way easier to understand. He's a little annoying with participation grading. He expects you to raise your hand at least once, or your attendance will be at 8 or 910 per class. Otherwise, really easy class. I'm pretty sure I finished most assignments in class.
4.0 : Khaled is a great instructor. He takes time to answer each question thoroughly and makes sure that every student understands the material before moving to a new topic. If you are not familiar with PHP and MySQL, it will be very hard when it comes to his exam.
5.0 : You must show up and participate in Sabha's class. He likes to use class to talk about current security methods, you are responsible for reading the slides and the book in your own time. All three of these things are necessary for a good score on the tests. You cover a lot of information so be prepared, but if you can do that you can learn a lot.
3.5 : Took his cisco course, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Course consists of regular hw from the book, 2 exams, and a final project. He is determined to make sure that everyone gets the material before moving on. He puts people on the spot to answer questions during class. Interesting course, I would definitely recommend this to fulfill a requirement.
5.0 : Awesome feedback from the instructor, would take again. Course requires readings, watching clips and the instructor really picks your brain to try to be creative when writing. You have 2 essays, final project and weekly quizzes.
5.0 : Absolutely love him! Such a fun class and I would have him be my professor for every class I took. An easy grader and an amazing guy. And don't be scared by his name, he speaks with an American accent.
5.0 : Lots of great readings, art works, music.
4.0 : If you haven't taken a Comp Lit class - do.  They push you to think, analyze, reflect and so much more.  This class was no exception.  The subtitle of this class was: Monstrous Figures: Pages and Screen and Professor Momcilovic did a great job of encouraging us to see beyond what was on the page and screen.  Would love to take more classes with him
5.0 : I had this class right away freshman year. One of the best classes I've ever had. Lots of fun.
4.5 : He was great about giving me extensions when I had health problems getting in the way of completing my work.
5.0 : honestly the most unusual and interesting class i have taken in humanities. he teaches painting, literature, opera, all the classics, even modern pop culture, and ties everything together in creative lectures and easy assignments. no books to buy, a major plus.
4.0 : Such a sweet professor, she does talk very quietly even when with a microphone but all lecture slides are online. Easy A, she gives out so much extra credit it would be hard not to get an A even if you are a poor test taker. Highly recommend her.
5.0 : Make sure to take her feedback seriously and apply that style to future assignments. She likes when you provide definition/concept first, then analyze.
4.0 : Professor Ambrose is so nice and truly wants her students to do well in her class. If you show up to class, respond to her in class poll questions (earns participation pts), and attend discussion, you should get a good grade. If anything she over explains some topics, but if you do your part, you'll get a good grade. Would recommend.
4.5 : She is extremely nice and talks very clearly to the class with some pretty relevant (often corny) examples. Her group project was broken up into sections that could be worked on with the lectures that matched the step worked on. Very fair grader. Tries to bring in as much real technology as she can (SPSS) despite not many companies using it.
5.0 : Great teacher! Very clear. Takes attendance through cell phone responses. Goes through notes fast so maybe take notes before going and just highlight what she says. Lots of work to go into this class but it's an easy A if you do everything.
5.0 : Definitely recommend her
4.0 : if you want to get an A go to class because it is 10% of your grade even if it is not useful. Discussions are easy. She drops one exam out of four. Homework is on weekly basis. Do it and go to discussions: it is a bunch of easy points. She seems to be a great person. nothing much to say
4.0 : Dr. Ambrose has a very sweet voice and tries to make lectures interesting. The class itself is pretty easy, as long as you show up to lecture you get clicker points. The homework is online and super easy, although sometimes time consuming. There are group projects in discussion, but they are very easy.
5.0 : Professor Ambrose is a sweetheart! She gives so much extra credit that it's easy to get the grade you want. Just by going to lecture you can get EC. Make sure you GO TO DISCUSSION. 3 group presentations throughout the semester. You get exam reviews in discussion which are helpful. Re-read the articles because there will be q's on exams about them!
5.0 : She is definitely one of my favorite teachers.  She really wants you to succeed and will definitely help you if you ask.
4.5 : Veronica is supper helpful! She even gave her phone number out and said to call her anytime we have questions with our final papers. She truly cares about her students. The two books needed are essential, but I bought both used for $15. There's no homework, only the final paper and group project. Make sure you participate in class.
5.0 : Veronica is my absolute favorite professor at UWM. She truly wants each of her students to succeed and to get excited about the interesting course material. She always makes class fun and is very willing to meet during office hours if you need help with any assignments. If you have the chance to take a class by her, definitely do!!!
5.0 : Veronica is amazing. She incorporates unique learning techniques and lots of small group discussions, so make sure to pair up with people who put in some work. She's a very easy grader, but you will get docked if you miss more than 3(?) classes. Tests were voted to be take home. 2 Norse texts used, one rocks the other leaves something to be desired
3.5 : Do not take if you want to actually learn something. She doesn't teach just discusses with other students on subject matter you know nothing about. She graded nothing in the class until about 3/4 of the way through so you have no idea how you are doing until the semester is almost over. She likes papers written at 7th grade level and likes tangents
5.0 : Veronica is enthusiastic about her class.  She often speaks the first half of class and then has you work in groups the second half.  Class work is minimal and easy.  The tests can be hard if you don't read the Ellis book.  The worst part of the class is that book, the other book is amazing.  A interesting class and a nice and helpful teacher.
5.0 : Veronica is my favorite professor at UW-Milwaukee hands-down. I took all four semesters of Swedish offered and never felt like the class was a burden to my core classes. She tends to go off topic but a lot of her tangents are Scandinavian oriented. I've learned so much about Swedish culture from those alone. You get what you put into this class.
5.0 : Third class with Veronica and it's the same as the others: very clear instruction, helpfulness both in- and outside of class, ample examples, and "tangents" that DO tie in to class work and provide background info/application for Swedish language usage. You don't realize how much you've learned until later on, and it's a TON. Take Swedish 101 &amp; up.
4.5 : She is by far the most understanding and approachable professor I've ever had in college. Classes are fun and she often brings awesome food! Take her, you WILL NOT be disappointed!
5.0 : This class was beyond amazing!  Get ready to learn a lot of history, which also has helped me understand some of the 'superhero' films when watching with guy friends ;)   Professor Lundback is super nice, has a great sense of humor and is passionate about this subject matter as she hails from Sweden!
5.0 : 2.5 week study abroad in Stockholm. Only complaint: wasn't longer. Veronica took us all over Stockholm/ surrounding areas. Never a dull moment! Viking burial mounds, beautiful scenery, cool restaurants, great public transit, and chances to explore by yourself. 2 papers/group project/daily journals. 6 credits, cheaper than 2 courses. Go to Sweden!
5.0 : Great professor
3.0 : I took Veronica Lundback's course on Vikings. The material was very interesting. I did not like how in every class we would break up into groups and discuss the assigned readings. A lot of people wouldn't participate or didn't read the material. Not the most conducive to learning. Attendance was mandatory to pass. Textbookseveral Norse novels
5.0 : I loved this class.  Its not the easiest class but its what id expect for a 4 credit foreign language class
5.0 : Micki was awesome. She was one of the people that solidified my decision to be a Comm major. Super nice, super helpful, and she uses relevant pop culture stuff to aid her teaching which is nice. She still remembers me semesters later and asks how I'm doing. Love her.
3.5 : Ashley is a lot of fun in class, and eases you into learning Asl with humor. The homework is easy, but the tests can be on the hard side if you don't pay attention/study. Also you have to do a VGS skit, which are kind of like acting out emotions, which can be tough. Over all she is a great teacher and I would recommend her and this class.
5.0 : Best ASL teacher ever!! Ashley made class really fun and enjoyable. There are 2 heavily weighted exams and 1 project due at the end of the semester so be careful. Other than that a great teacher and you can tell she really cares about her students and wants them to learn ASL. :D
5.0 : Mark is an excellent and resourceful teacher. Enjoyed his lecture, and learned a lot from the video's he made us watch. If you have any interest in the topic, this class will be a breeze.
5.0 : Mark is a great teacher and knows how to keep the class interested. They're three planned quizzes and exams that are easy if you study and go to class. Missing class won't kill you because you don't lose a lot of percentage but it'll still affect you. He really does care about how the class does but also knows that life gets in the way
5.0 : He makes sure that you actually learn-- one of the best professors I've had! He really makes himself available and helps you. Take him, you won't regret it.
5.0 : Katie is amazing! She doesn't make you feel dumb, and she explains everything in baby steps if you don't get the material. Definitely take advantage of her office hours! She really helps out if you take the time to go and see her. She's funny and she cares about her students and I couldn't have asked for a better calc professor!
5.0 : Great teacher! Super clear and very helpful. Definitely one of the best math professors at UWM.
4.0 : Good TA.  Helpful and informative.  Sometimes it almost seems like she is trying way too hard for students to like her or something. Just keep being a good teacher Lokken.  Thats all that matters and what we care about.
4.5 : Amazing TA for Calc 211! Took Calc in high school &amp; had the worst teacher which scared me away from math. The minute I met her, she had a very helpful, energetic and respected vibe. She understood students and tried her hardest to keep us invested in the class! One of my favorite classes because of her, really clear, helpful and reliable.
5.0 : She was a really good teacher! I've always struggled with Math but she made it alot easier for me. Also really lenient and understandable. One of the best Math teachers I've ever had. Would take her again if she taught higher level math courses!
5.0 : One of the best and clear professors I've ever had at UWM,I definitely recommend her for Calc-211 or any other math class she may be teaching
5.0 : She loves what she teaches and it shows. Her lectures are easy to follow along because she dummies it down for people who hasn't had Math in a while and thoroughly goes through every step so that no one gets lost. Assigns lots of optional homework but it's VERY helpful for quizzes. She's pretty funny. Take her if you can for any Math class.
5.0 : Katie was an awesome professor to have for my first college math class. She genuinely cares about her students' success. She explains all content thoroughly in class and offers to stay after class to help finish up a problem. I am in a very quiet class but she still manages to make us understand everything.
5.0 : Very sweet teacher! She has a great sense of humor and genuinely cares about your success and with helping you feel less anxious about math. I'm in a quiet class right now, but she's so understanding and helps us all feel welcome. I feel comfortable coming to her with any questions or concerns that I have. Best math teacher I've ever had!
5.0 : shes great as long as you go into her service hours
5.0 : She is a great teacher that is really funny and great at explaining a tough topic. She is available to help you at any time. I really loved this class, and would recommend her to anyone.
4.5 : best professor ever
5.0 : Katie makes math so much easier to understand
5.0 : One of the best math teachers I have ever had! I hate math, but she made me want to come to class! Honestly one of the funniest people I have ever met! If you have the chance to have her as your math teacher DO IT!! You won't regret it!
5.0 : Amazing
5.0 : I was lucky enough to get Katie as my first math teacher in college. I wish she could teach every single one of my mathematics classes for the rest of my academic career. Anyone who is lucky enough to have her as a teacher should be extremely grateful. Katie is the best math teacher I've had and helped me understand things I never have in the past.
4.0 : best math professor you could ever find she makes math so easy ,she is super caring ,will help with things out of the class too, always available, if you had a bad experience with math she will change you perspective on math,she also explain from the basics so that every one understands ,and is one of the most funniest person ever
5.0 : Awesome math teacher, she explains things really well and answers questions in a manner that is incredibly easy to understand. She cares about her students and it shows as you take her throughout the semester.
4.0 : A kind teacher that made a third semester Spanish class as fun as such a class can be.
5.0 : Great teacher who really cares about the students and wants them to succeed in class. Explains topics very clearly and is very willing to spend time outside of class helping students. Iria made 204 fun and easy!
5.0 : Very helpful with questions, there to help and guide you. Writing all the papers sucks but its the class, not the teacher. She was awesome.
4.0 : Cost with Abbott is probably the next hardest acct class next to Intermediate.  He flies through material and you have to keep up.  I will say he grades the exams very fairly and is really into essay questions. Overall he  is a nice guy and is pretty into the class.
1.5 : I took him for AIS over the summer. it was awful, i don't understand what the person above was referencing.  He flies through the material and goes off his own notes which are written in shorthand. horrible to study from, and he talks so fast.  homework doesn't relate well to class content.  good luck figuring out what is on exams. highly avoid.
4.5 : Take Abbott for AIS during the summer if all possible.  He moves through the material quickly, but no projects unlike the other prof.
4.5 : Anyone who takes an accounting course over the summer should already know that it's going to be very time consuming. He's very into short answer and the quizzesexams are longer than what you typically see. However, he will check your flow charts and give you feedback. He's pretty clear, it is a different type of course though, no numbers!
4.5 : Took him for AIS through CAAP at SCU. Very organized, keeps material interesting, tests directly from handouts AND lecture. AIS curriculum isn't standardized so many think it's pointless but Abbot's take is very informative and ties together concepts from previous actg courses into a big picture. Talks fast, but repeats key concepts. Great prof!
4.0 : Abbott doesn't put homework or other handouts up online, so you have to go to class to get them in person. Class isn't that difficult. Quizzes and tests are based almost entirely off the homework. Some short answers on the tests, pay attention to the 'why' questions Abbott talks about in class.
5.0 : Good teacher, talks a little fast, but is very very clear on his expectations, no big surprises go to class do the homework in which he very helpful with and you will do good. Not so sure about hand written notes but either way he is very clear when explaining them. Good professor would take again for sure and I know the entire class felt the same
5.0 : Best intro to Audit and Cost. He speaks very fast but repeats everything important.  Drills the concepts. Don't skip class or daydream because you will have no idea what is going on &amp; he has a ridiculous memory and notices. Put effort in to the hwrk. Be familiar with the flowchart for class &amp; listen. He's very thorough and his handouts are great.
5.0 : Loved her, loved the class. A wonderful professor, an easy grader and is very understanding. I don't think it's possible to not like this woman!
5.0 : So helpful! Willing to proof and help you with papers on her own time. Crystal clear about what you need to do to pass the course and receive your desired grade.
5.0 : I loved her as my English 101 teacher and I would definitely take her again in English 202. She is so understanding and helpful to get your portfolios to where they need to be. Sometimes her handwriting is a bit messy but if you ask her for some clarification on it, she definitely clarifies. Overall, my favorite teacher!!!
4.0 : Very understanding and willing to help whenever help is needed. You are allowed a decent amount of absences and tends to be lenient when it comes to late work.
4.0 : I love her! She's so amazing. She's a great teacher who has a great personality. She's always there for you! I had Math 94 with her, and I basically enjoyed it! Now, I'm taking BUS 210 (Statistic) because I know I won't be regretful. She's so helpful and clear in his lecture. I would surely take any course she may teach! Take her class!
4.5 : Hayley is super nice and sweet! She is such an amazing teacher and has a great teaching style. Stats was never something I understood and she made it possible! You do need the book for the class for the homework.
4.5 : Very nice and is willing to explain things to you via email or in person. She is young which erases the often impersonal generational gap that often comes with instructors. Honestly, she's pretty damn cute as well.
5.0 : Hayley is extremely caring and is very good at explaining things in multiple ways depending on the student. I was lucky to get such a great professor
5.0 : Hayley is great.  Very knowledgeable, always willing to help, perky, and has a goofiness that helps you get through the (usually) long lectures.  Lots of in-class work and relatively easy homework assignments can help boost your final grade.  I'd recommend enrolling in any math/stats class she teaches.
5.0 : She's an amazing teacher too bad we got stuck with that other foreign guy the last half of the semester :(
4.0 : Hayley is by far one of the best instructors! She is very helpful and caring. At the end of the semester, she will drop some of your lowest grades so that your grade will be higher. Also, she is in charge of making test and she helps put the curriculum together for the math courses so she knows her stuff and her reviews are very helpful.
5.0 : Abosoluty one of the greatest Math insturctor I know. She cares for her students and is always willing to help. I wish she taught other math course because I would take her class!
4.0 : She teaches math conceptually so you have to know more than just how to do it. Ensure you know the theorems. If you feel overwhelmed go talk to her- she is very nice and wants you to succeed. Very intelligent. Tough class but I would take her again in another math if possible.
5.0 : Hayley is a great teacher very kind. Always happy and gets to the point when doing in class work. She gives real life examples to  help you understand the in class work and will email you back quickly.
5.0 : She taught me better than any teacher I had in all 4 four years of high school. She's caring and takes time from her own to help any student. I didn't believe math could be much more understanding than the way she taught.
3.5 : Very rushed classes, often teaching up until the last minute or later.  I do not like her style of teaching and explaining things, other students and teachers do a much better job.
4.5 : Hard class but really good teacher!
5.0 : This woman is a gem. Management statistics is a tough course, but she explains concepts very well during lectures and can do so in multiple different ways so if you don't understand raise your hand. If you attend lectures and pay attention you wont need to read but you do need the book for HW problems. She is perky so lectures aren't boring
5.0 : I LOVE HER!!!
5.0 : Very helpful and nice
4.5 : She's so amazing! If she teaches all math courses, I would surely take every single one with her. She's awesome, helpful and always happy. She also makes the students trust her. You only need to do your homework assignments and attend the class, and you'd be good!   If I were you, I would take any course she teaches! I LOVE HER !!!
5.0 : She makes the material very easy to understand. She also understands that the material may be hard for some students so she is sure to work through any and all questions in class. Fun personality, too.
4.5 : Love her!! Very helpful and understanding. You can tell she really cares about her students succeeding. Willing to help you if you're struggling. We need more math teachers like her. Best professor I have had so far. Highly recommend especially for such a tough class.
5.0 : I have both taken Optics with Prof. Raicu and researched in his Biophysics group as an undergraduate.  He is a great person, an excellent teacher, a genius in his field, and someone who truly appreciates and understands undergraduate education.
5.0 : Prof. Raicu is a wonderful lecturer and his labs are pretty good. Requires a lot of work to do the weekly lab reports.
5.0 : Marcia is an amazing teacher and I would recommend her to everyone. You will learn so much!
4.0 : Good teacher, great examples and case studies.  tough (but fair) grader.  very relevant and up to date on happenings in IT world
5.0 : Todd loves effort. if you show up and show interest he is very willing to explain things to you. Todd wont keep after class , he gets straight to the point of the lesson and and there's usually about 20 minutes to ask questions. He also gives lots of opportunity for extra credit so that really helps.
5.0 : Todd is one of the nicest and most caring professors I've had! You can tell he wants his student to succeed and it comes across clear. He stays after class for me every week and isn't rude about it either. It's very easy to meet him after hours in the Library with questions I've had.
5.0 : She was funny and energetic.
4.0 : Mrs. Rasmussen focuses on group participation and group interactions during class. Does not like lecturing. Prefers discussion. Pretty easy class. Many things get graded which is nice so you don't have to depend on a good exam grade to pass. Many projects throughout the semester. Very fair grader and truly cares about her students. Easy to talk too
5.0 : Clearly loves her subjects and cares for her students. There are weekly response papers and an overall large project, but it's all very manageable as there are no tests. Very personable. Doesn't always have the most structured of classes and a lot of it is discussions
5.0 : My only gripe with Terra is that the grade worth the most in this class was the group project. We were downgraded significantly because one person didn't put in enough work. She's really goofy and encourages participation. She was able to make the class somewhat interesting even though the subject matter wasn't.
4.5 : She's a great teacher, it can be a little difficult to understand her at times but she'll repeat herself if you ask. My advice is to definitely go to her office hours for extra help, it'll do wonders for your grade.
3.5 : Quizzes often had a couple of questions (out of 20) that referred to information that wasn't found in materials - maybe from an old edition of the book? The final paper was not well explained. It wasn't obvious that it was a research paper until the rubric was released...three days before the due date, after mine was done. Had to rewrite.
5.0 : She was awesome! Cares a lot about students, incredibly clear. Makes class fun!
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever had. He's very nice and doesn't require me to type 5 pages about one question. Great teacher, I recommend you take this class.
5.0 : Easy class. As long as you turn everything in you are good to go. Teacher is great. Super fast at grading. Helpful. Homework and quizzes are easy peezy. Easy A if you participate and do your work. This teacher is great to take. I would take the class again. Minus the typing about how to potty training a cat essay. Wrote about STD's too. Fun class!
5.0 : Mrs. Masri is a caring and kind teacher! She teaches the theories of psychology in a clear and easy to understand sort of way. She doesn't mind students asking her questions and will even pause during a lecture to ask if there is any. My advice for future students of hers is that if you're having problems with the work, talk to her, she cares!
5.0 : Dr. CK really knows her material.  Presents it in a clear, concise way.  Loved this class!  Undergrads can take but most of the class were grad students.  I took this as a junior undergrad.  One of the best professors I've ever had.
5.0 : This is a graduate level class.  Dr. CK is THE best professor in the counseling department at UWM.  Take as many classes as you can with her especially Group and Multicultural.  She knows the material and teaches it clearly.  She seems like a tough grader but her feedback is essential.  You learn so much more from her than any other professor.
5.0 : Awesome teacher! He really wants people understand the material. He is laid back about assignments and usually gives a week after the due date to turn in assignments because he wants the work to be done right not rushed before class. Everything on the tests comes from the book or class discussion. Attendance isn't mandatory but it's rewarded.
5.0 : Joe is extremely passionate about teaching and makes it very clear that he genuinely cares about the success of his students.  He takes the time to make sure everyone is understanding the material and will even postpone a test if he feels the class isn't ready for it yet.
4.0 : Arifin is a really nice Professor and willing to help.  Attendance is a big part of your grade also.  3 exams, they are not easy by any means, but his curves are VERY generous.
4.5 : Erica was tough but fair. She tells you what is expected. Very focused on good writing and grammar skills. She knows her stuff.
4.0 : Dr. A brings a lot of real world nursing experience to her lectures. She knows what she's talking about and she's really good at explaining concepts. She gives study guides for her exams and follows them so you know what to expect.
5.0 : Very helpful. Goes out of his way to make sure you understand material and does his best to make sure one bad grade will not affect your final grade. Relates the material to things students understand and is an overall nice guy.
4.0 : He's a really funny and nice TA! His lectures confused me a bit sometimes because the transition of topics wasn't clear. The assignments were rough because I feel like they asked questions that were hard to answer with the notes that he gave. Tests are really straight forward so it's easy to get an A!
5.0 : Carlos is a great teacher! He was helpful and funny. The assignments were a little difficult but if you ask him questions he'll provide very helpful feedback. He tells you what's on the exams and uses specific examples from class so attendance is very helpful. If you take notes and ask him questions it's impossible not to do well in the class.
3.5 : He always came to class with these lame jokes but it kept things light. If you want any help or anything's not clear in class, just ask. There is in class homework, but that was about it. If you miss more than four times though, he can drop your grade to a -C.
5.0 : I took Carlos's Stats class at FSU and he was awesome! The material was easy to understand, he offered extra credit on basically every assignment, and he's super funny.
3.0 : Mr. Soto is pretty funny. He gives a lot of extra credit and willing to help you if you go to his office hours. I hate statistics so this class wasn't that interesting to me but he's a decent professor. He can be a little confusing but most professors are anyway.
2.0 : Carlos definitely knows what he is talking about but be prepared to turn an assignment in that you've gone over with him and still not full credit. He takes points off for lots of things not really touched on in class. I consulted a person with a PhD in stats with my HW every time we had it and he would approve it and I still wouldn't get a 100
5.0 : Great TA
5.0 : Great instructor!
5.0 : Awesome professor. Highly, highly recommend. Class is not hard as long as you read and come to class weekly. Very clear instructions for assignments. Interactive class where you learn skills you can use outside the classroom. Class flies by for a Friday morning.
4.5 : Joanne is a such a fun person to be around that it makes her class so much more interesting. She has a lot of life experience that she shares and will definitely help you develop skills you need to be successful. She assigns quite a few assignments, but none are too difficult and her instructions are always clear. She's very helpful.
3.0 : I loved her as a person. Her classes are not boring. She grades so incredibly tough even if you do exactly what she asks. I have never ever had a harder grader than she did. If you're taking English 205, I would try and get someone else, save yourself the frustration. It's always tough when you like the teacher as a person, but not as a teacher.
4.0 : She has random lectures. It was like there was no plan for the semester and she just was winging it every week. Random homework which she grades toughly, yet it is not too time consuming. No grading transparency, had no clue what my grade was the entire time until after the semester ended. Shes very friendly and interesting. Fun class overall
4.5 : This class is very interactive, although it is very long the time goes by sooooo fast. She is wonderful, and entertaining. This class, unlike most, teaches you a very valuable life lesson NEGOTIATION! I was able to talk my boss into a raise because if this class!
4.5 : On the first day of class I was honestly super intimidated! Joanne is pretty intense but is straight forward and genuinely wants you to learn something life applicable. I am going to miss this class on my Friday mornings and I hate Friday classes! I would recommend this class to anyone regardless of major. This is one of the best classes I've taken
5.0 : One of the smartest people I've ever met. If you need further explanation in grammar he knows exactly how it translates into english and even sometimes knows the background or history, which really helped me understand spanish better
5.0 : Extremely helpful and a great teacher. He does have a spanish accent (from spain) which can get tricky sometimes but he is really nice and extremely helpful.
4.0 : Has a slight accent but still understandable. Her quizzes and exams are okay. Really nice and understanding but you have to pay attention in order to do well on exams.
3.5 : Though attendance is not mandatory there are in-class activities that you participate in in groups.  Do the assigned readings before hand and you can get them done faster.  Fill in her power points as well, because you will not find the information otherwise.  You will also get to watch a few movies.  Exams aren't if you pay attention in class.
4.0 : Christy is a very warm, kind teacher who makes you feel like you are respected and heard. If you have a basic idea of the concepts and are putting forth effort you will pass
5.0 : Dr. Greenleaf is awesome and such a good professor. Was very accessible outside of class via email. There is a decent amount of reading and tedious work, but it pays off in the end for her exams. I had a good experience and look forward to having her in KIN 556.
4.0 : This class is pretty basic.  Show up, you will pass.  There is in-class group work that you can't make up points for if you didn't show up.  Exams aren't too hard, but do make sure you review the slides she posts and take notes on what isn't included.  There is no textbook, so you wont find the information anywhere else.
5.0 : fun class
5.0 : Villainy, Sex, and Bloodbursts that's all I got to say. (No really, that was the name of the class). Very interesting and informative on American history and pop culture.
4.5 : He was super helpful and really involved in the class. you could tell this class was very important to him and wanted his students to succeed. He was also really funny and approachable. Interesting course topics as well. Definitely recommend his "villany, sex, and bloodbursts" course
5.0 : This guy really loves to teach and he loves what he's teaching. It's great information and he gives an amazing presentation.
5.0 : Anne is an excellent instructor. She is very thorough, responsive, and fun! She is extremely helpful, and she makes the class very interactive and interesting. I highly recommend Anne!
5.0 : Great professor that cares about his students. Not a difficult course at all but it can be dry at times. A couple of big projects broken down over the semester but they're pretty easy. No tests or quizzes at all. Rarely use the textbook and the final is a take home test. Take this class with Kevin!
4.0 : Kevin is funny. Class is easy, big group project and take home final. Keeps track of attendance by making you do small worksheets but I don't think he even reads our answers. Student presentations almost every lecture. One paper on an article. He is easy to talk to and tries to keep class interesting. Easy grader, likes to give out 100% on work.
4.5 : Jim is a very nice guy who loves what he does and can easily relate to students. He's very new to teaching, but has been in IT for close to over 10 years. His assignments will challenge you and your programming skills, so be prepared for that. Recommend him for 440 for those who know how to program.
4.0 : Overall, the course consists of a bunch of assignments which aid in completing a final project. May be a bit challenging if you haven't taken a programming course, but he's there to help. The book isn't really needed, as most information can be easily found online. If you want to be challenged, take his section, otherwise take the other instructor.
2.0 : He is an okay professor at best. He has an extensive background in policing and should have stuck with that. He tells stories ALL THE TIME. If you take several classes with him then you will hear these stories OVER &amp; OVER. He acts as a "friend" and not a professor. Fake it until you make it through all his course. It will work and you will pass.
5.0 : Ruben knows this stuff, and it really shows. He combines 30 years in the field to class context which makes lectures interesting and eye opening. Tests are alright if you study and ask questions during the review, and he usually includes two of the same questions on exams, not sure if it's to help out or if he just forgets to proofread.
4.5 : Excellent Professor! He is clear cut on what he expects from the students. This class does involve quite a bit of paper writing and research, but if you can handle it, no problem. He's retired from MKE PD and offers a unique view on topics CJ from a police officer's point of view. Lectures may be long, but aren't boring. Best CJ professor on campus
4.5 : -Great honest guy, straight up.  -READ THE BOOK! he truly does just copy &amp; past book material onto quizzes -SAVE QUIZZES! he copies and pastes quiz questions directly onto exams  -SHOW UP TO LECTURE! he DOES NOT post power points online.  -Just read material, complete &amp; save quizzes, and you WILL pass!
5.0 : He is one of the best professors I have had at UWM. He truly loves the topic and makes lectures interesting. Tells many stories from his experience in the field. I would recommend taking his class even if you are not a CJ major!
4.0 : Ruben has done every job under the sun relating to criminal justice,which makes him a great teacher for the into course. He is passionate about what he teaches and has discussions every class period before starting the power points. He's also really understanding; he let me make up an exam I missed. I really recommend him for any CJ course!
4.0 : Take as many of his classes as you can.
4.0 : If you keep up with the readings and have common sense, you don't have to bother showing up for class. Lectures are long, but interesting. I would take him again.
4.0 : He's a pretty cool teacher. I enjoyed his lectures a lot. We used a software called Mindtap and all of the readings and quizzes were on it. You didn't have to go to lecture, but I wouldn't recommend it. However, if you do decide not to go, the quizzes are from the readings. He's a very insightful person !
5.0 : Take as many courses as you can from him! Really enjoyed his classes, also he spent decades in the field. If you want to know what it's like working for a large PD, he's done just about everything from bomb squad, to homicide detective, to patrol, and more.
5.0 : Burgos is the best professor. He's so easy to understand and his power points are composed of only the most important notes. He's exciting to listen to because he's so passionate and very intelligent. His humor also adds to the class and it's a class that I never dread going to. Easily my favorite!
5.0 : Great lectures, very informative and engaging professor! If you don't read, you won't pass because there's no homework other than quizzes and two major exams.
5.0 : Great professor!
3.0 : This is an easy intro class, however the information is very dry. Lots of reading and boring memorization. His lectures are very well organized, he makes an attempt to make the class and topic more interesting. Sometimes gives a 5-10 minute break during class to refresh your mind.
5.0 : He is a great teacher that knows a lot about this field. His lectured are easy to understand. And he makes them interesting and worth going to. I had the pleasure to have him as a teacher last semester and am taking him again. Definitely recommend his classes. He pretty much goes over the test before you take it. No tricks or confusing questions.
5.0 : Because of Professor Burgos's enthusiastic and interesting stories, I was able to actually get involved in lectures and ask questions. I would most certainly take another one of his classes. He knows the information like the back of his hand. I personally would want someone like that to teach me.
5.0 : The whole class is graded on 6 quizzes, a midterm and a final. All of the quizzes are online and the questions are from the book. His lectures are very interesting and has extensive experience in the field. I found this class a little harder than most 100 level courses but it wasn't too bad. He really emphasizes learning terms.
4.0 : He was a great professor, but there isn't much graded throughout the course. The two tests make up 70% of your grade. He seems very passionate about the subject matter and always kept the students involved.
5.0 : The class is graded on 5 quizzes and 2 exams. The quizzes are online. If you read the book, know the amendments, and practice the vocab, you don't have to bother going to class. Just go to the lecture before each exam because he tells you what will be on them. Easy A if you can handle the boring chapter readings.
4.5 : Good Professor, quite an easy class. You NEED a textbook in order to do the assignments and projects.
5.0 : She was a really nice teacher even gave us extra credit!
5.0 : She was awesome!
4.5 : She made the class really interesting. She's very energetic and personable. Always in a good mood. She gives very good feedback and will help you with any struggles you have, but her being a good professor helped make the class a lot easier overall.
5.0 : Clear, concise, fun, and very personable.
5.0 : I absolutely loved this class. The topic was animation, and I learned more in this class than any other filmstudies course since 101. Jocelyn is an amazing professor, intelligent, easy going, very easy to talk to, gets her point across in a coherent way and holds the best discussions and lectures I've ever had. Also she's absolutely hilarious
5.0 : Clear and enjoyable class criteria
5.0 : Incredible teacher. The first few lectures of the semester gave me chills. The grades consists of four papers, two exams, and attendance/participation. I had it on Tuesdays and Thursday's. Tuesday's were lecture and Thursday's were screenings. Really fun class. Gorgeous teacher. Would highly recommend taking at least one of her classes.
5.0 : By far my favorite professor, but if you don't like writing papers, skip this class! However, she's very accommodating if you're struggling. Just an absolute gem of an educator. She makes an effort to get to know you and build a strong teacher/student relationship. We got to go on 3 field trips which was pretty cool.
5.0 : If you go to class you receive extra points to be used to your final grade. Quizzes are near impossible but the extra points erase your bad quiz grades. A boring class but an excellent and nice teacher.
5.0 : Great Teacher!
4.0 : Dr. Williams cares about her students and she is very encouraging. The majority of the class was a group project but it was the least stressful group project that I have ever had. She has done group research projects before so she knows what works and what doesn't and will help mediate any issues. No book but there are lots of handouts.
5.0 : She was super helpful, fair and understanding.  She also gave plenty of opportunities for extra credit. Also, very nice and approachable. Has a pretty serious no-phone policy. I would definitely recommend her.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I've had since I have gotten to UWM. If you ever have any questions, she will answer them and make sure you clearly understand the problem. Lynn is one of those teachers that will do anything to make sure her students succeed, and I couldn't be happier with my selection!
5.0 : Lynn is a wonderful professor. She has a great sense of humor and makes every single class a fun and interesting one! I laughed so much! Not to mention the class itself is pretty interesting. I wish I could have her as a professor for all of my classes!
5.0 : Lynn made this class fun and brought in a group of refugees and an immigrant for us to gain first-hand knowledge of what those experiences are like. Loved this class!
5.0 : Maddie is a wonderful teacher, work hard on the homework and take the weekly quizzes seriously because that is what the exams are on. There are four exams including the final which are all multiple choice. Not all questions are worded the same so be careful on that. There is a ton of EC to do. Maddie is definitely my favorite astronomy teacher.
5.0 : She's really friendly and helpful if you need it, otherwise a super easy class. Take Astro-104, the lab that goes with the class if you need an easy one credit A.
4.5 : Lawson was awesome. He made sure to clarify any questions and was open to discussion in class. He covered a lot of material but made sure we all understood. Readings corresponding to lectures and both were used for exam material. He is really nice and funny, especially his stories about his kids. I would definitely take his class again.
3.5 : His tests are really hard, so study for those. Come to lecture, all the material on the tests are based on his lectures. He's a little sarcastic and can be a smart aleck sometimes and he swears a lot, but he really cares about what he teaches and makes the lectures interesting and engaging. Overall his class was great and I got a lot out of it.
3.5 : He gives tons of info but exams are pretty small. Super boring lecture style hard to sit through entire class. I did relatively good in class with not too much studying but if your looking for a professor to get you excited about the subject matter I wouldn't recommend professor Lawson.
4.5 : Tests were fair.  I did well with minimal studying, just attended the lectures, took good notes, and did the reading and was fine.  He is an excellent lecturer, he gives really good examples of the concepts, so actually going to the lectures and paying attention, not just copying the posted notes, will be the most helpful.
5.0 : He was so nice and helpful, he was clear on grading scales. I was direct on what homework to do. Theres reading but its real simple, trust me its an easy A.
4.0 : Class is not the typical 300 level bus class (except 301) where you can go to class listen and study a bit for an A.  This class is worse than marketing as far as uselessness.  Save your money and don't buy the text.  Kuza is a bright guy, but his exams are not that easy and this class is painful to even go to.
5.0 : Leave your comfort-zone at the door. You constantly interact with your classmates and exchange ideas. Ash makes you engage in critical thinking in order to better comprehend rhetoric online. Never falter to set up an appointment if you are having difficult understanding. She knows it's hard and is vigilant on helping you fathom abstract concepts.
5.0 : Dont look any further. Take Ms. Evans course. She exemplifies everything you want, need, and expect from a professor. Unlike any other professor I know she inspires her students to reach their fullest potential. She is by far one of the best professors I have ever had.
4.0 : Definitely the most boring class I've taken. Prof is very clear about topics and WAY too excited about research techniques. Two papers assigned and exams are multiple choice with an essay. Literally got all my homework done for other classes in this class because it's so easy to zone out. All notes are online and he takes attendance often.
5.0 : Class was easier than I thought. Lectures are pretty boring, but usually straight of the textbook. Material for the class was not interesting at all, but that's not his fault.  Attendance was not mandatory. Tests were multiple choice with 1 essay question, which he gives you a list of possible essay questions that could be on the test.
3.5 : Lectures were often drawn out and boring. He didn't ask many questions or facilitate enough discussion. But if you have the attention span for an hour and 15 minutes of him talking, you'll come to learn that he is extremely knowledgeable of all things Shakespeare. Grade was based on quizzes on each play and final paper.
5.0 : Mark has a wonderful way of making this class interesting and fun. I was really dreading the Shakespeare requirement class, but his lectures have pictures and he includes gossipy tid-bits. FUN! He is incredibly knowledgeable about the topic, and will entertain a student's answer, even if it is wrong. He is a good teacher and I recommend him.
5.0 : I found this class to be immensely interesting and Prof. Netzloff really knows his material and is interested in the subject, too.  This helps because he has really good stories, graphics, and insights that help place the material in context which, in turn, makes The Early Global Modern interesting and relevant to today's world events.  Good class.
4.5 : Does a lot of examples. The grading scale is pretty easy with 80% being an A. You can use a cheat sheet for the test.
4.5 : Very thorough with explanations and derivations for new concepts and deliberate with everything he says. Easy grading scale (80%=A, 50%=C-, 25% of grade is homework). Exams aren't hard if you know the material, but people who skipped class often got exam grades around 20% - don't expect much partial credit if you don't know what you're doing.
3.5 : Let's you use a cheat sheet for the exams.
5.0 : She puts in a lot of work to keep the class up to date with current issues. She grades with a fairly clear bias (if you're arguing an opinion she doesn't agree with you will lose points), but otherwise she is great at letting in-class discussion run its course.
4.5 : She is one of the best professors I have taken class with. Her lectures are very engaging and clear and push students to think smarter. Homeworks help to apply concepts learnt in class. She is just awesome!
4.5 : Taking Professor Cheng class wasn't absolutely but she goes through questions well. Although she wants you to work hard on your work she does a good job going through the work in lectures. My advice pay attention in her lectures and give a good effort on the homework and you'll learn a lot from her class.
4.0 : Had her for discrete math.  I'm good at Calculus but ok at best in discrete math.  She does give partial credit, if she didn't I would not have done as well.  She allows a cheat sheet to use on exams.  She explained things clearly but I wished she'd taken more time on a few topics. She will call on students at random to answer questions sometimes.
4.5 : Respectable professor. Expect to spend a good amount of time on the homework. They will prepare you for the exams.  The homework is not impossible by any means but still challenging. She's very friendly and enjoys teaching.  I'm not a strong CS student but managed to receive an A. I highly recommend her class!
5.0 : Dr. Cheng teaches material that is very tough, but makes it as accessible as possible. Her lectures are great, and you'll cramp your hand taking notes, but she only writes relevant content on the board.  Her homework assignments are usually only a few problems, but they are challenging and require work.
1.0 : OK Instructor.
5.0 : Great lecturer
4.0 : Very friendly and engaging. Originally I thought ethics was going to be terribly boring, but she made it interesting. Led the class in some very interesting discussions. Had to write an essay like every other week and her exams were mostly long form written essay questions, which was difficult for me, a CS student. Group Project at end of semester!
4.0 : I loved the Algorithms course just because the professor made me understand it.
4.5 : Siwar has a lot of knowledge in the subject of Creative Writing. She was really clear and up front about her expectations and really communicated with us as a class to see how we wanted to continue in the course. She's a tough grader but most of the draft grades don't affect your overall grade.
4.0 : she'll try to engage in class by asking open-ended questions. Seems very enthusiastic whenever you participate. The papers are pretty easy, mostly asks for about 1-2 pages (for the first half of the semester, then you work on your portfolio). She will only help if you seek help (like any other teacher). Overall, she made this class manageable.
5.0 : She focuses a lot on poetry even when you are supposed to be studying short stories, may be due to the fact that she is a poet.  It is an easy class but the workshops are horrible.  You get feedback from 3-4 students and even that is like pulling teeth so don't rely on any help there.  If you go to her office she will give you feedback.
3.0 : Classes are discussion heavy, and you leave not knowing what just happened. Comes to class literally the minute it starts. Gives really good feedback on your paper but you have to go to her office hours.
5.0 : Very clear, nice and extremely easy to pass class if you attend and do the proper assignments.
5.0 : Awesome lab TA! She makes you work for a good grade, but you learn a lot!
4.5 : Good lab TA
5.0 : We had homework and quizzes for every lecture, which meant you couldn't slack off at all.  Mustafa's system is so organized, though, that all of these assignments helped study for the tests.  He was very helpful during office hours and cared that students learned.  Fair grader, great professor.
5.0 : Mustafa is a great lecturer. I had him for EE234 and I really liked his style- very organized and he tests you only for what he teaches so keep good notes during lectures and you have an A in the class. We had HWs and Quizzes every lecture but that helped us to stay organized and not fall behind with the material. Focus on the lecture, you'll A.
4.0 : Mustafa is a great teacher, but you have to realize some things. He doesn't speak the loudest, so sit close. The book is a good reference, but he doesn't pull straight from it. He does the lectures on his own, so if you miss them, you probably won't be prepared for the homework. He is a great lecturer. I highly recommend him.
5.0 : Another fantastic Math teacher at UWM. Mustafa is very clear and he provides us with everything we need to pass during lecture. I am getting a B right now based off purely notes I did NOT buy the textbook. He is super helpful in office hours and his exams and quizzes are extremely doable! You work for it and the Grade is yours for the taking
5.0 : I hated this class at first, but started to like it after the first few weeks.  Go to class, take good notes, and you'll do well.  Mustafa is one of the smartest teachers I have met and he is very kind.
5.0 : This guy is the truth. This isn't an easy class and he will make you work for it. But his teaching methods are clear and you will know what to expect on every quiz and test. If you have to take this class I strongly suggest taking him.
1.0 : Mustafa is a great guy but his exam was tooooooo difficult. Avoid him if you are not nerd.
5.0 : Mustafa is one of the most awesome instructors in Engineering. He makes you work for your grade by giving short problems and small tests every class. The class is super organized. He really wants his students to succeed. His lectures have made me and friends' understanding of linear algebra absolutely great.
1.0 : Very tough to understand, has trouble conveying the material at a level suited to the students. Need a math PHD to comprehend the material at the pace he expects with little to no explanation of the examples he does. This is a youtube class, the only way you'll pass is if you teach yourself with youtube videos, and even then - GOOD LUCK
4.5 : Had him for the summer session of EE234. His lectures are long, but pretty clear cut. He tests you on what he teaches and is more than willing to answer questions.
5.0 : He is a fantastic teacher. You have to show up to every lecture in order to keep up in class, but if you do all of the homework and can understand it, the tests are easy A's. He's very friendly and willing to help any student if asked. I would highly recommend him and would take his class again if I could!
5.0 : A good professor. He teaches very well. If you do the assignments and understand how to do them, you will get A
4.5 : His entire teaching philosophy is putting himself in the mind of his students and teaching material at the level students can understand. He gives a consistent and manageable homework load, and then during class he gives quizzes on the homework. His exams are very similar to examples he gives, problems he assigns, and quizzes. An awesome educator.
4.0 : would take again
5.0 : Mustafa by far is one of the best teachers I have ever had. He really cares about his students and  his teaching method is to be at a level everyone can understand. He gives a lot of hw and quizes but they actually help a ton to get an A in the class if you do them. He is there for help every day so if you fail his class you really are a dumb ass.
5.0 : Mustafa was by far my best professor this semester, he cares a lot for students that put in effort , but don't just skip and show up expecting to be given homework answers. He will guide you through things you don't get during his office hours, which he always has extra of. 10/10 would take him again in a heartbeat.
4.5 : This is a hard class if you have no prior experience speaking Spanish. Attendance, home, and studying are all mandatory. You go through the material very fast. Mr. Petro is a good teacher and cares about your performance. If you put in the time and go to class, you should do ok.
3.5 : Professor Petro is a good teacher. He wants you to succeed and is helpful. However, this is not an introductory class. No way, no how. If you are just needing to fulfill a language general requirement then I strongly recommend taking the class through a local community college then transferring those in. It will be cheaper and easier.
4.0 : A good teacher if you need to take Spanish I would recommend him.  His class can be tough though and sometimes he is pretty picky when it comes to grading.  Homework and participation grades are easy A's.  Don't be fooled this is a hard class PAWS says it is for beginners but that is not true. You almost need to have some prior Spanish experience.
5.0 : Participation is mandatory and you MUST speak in Spanish in class unless he says otherwise. I took this class knowing hardly any Spanish and he really helped me out. He is never condescending and understands students all learn differently at different paces. Always do the online homework and always prepare for quizzes and exams. They are tough.
4.0 : Xin is great! Her style of teaching is a little boring, where you do the reading and then come to class and she summarizes what you already read in a powerpoint, but considering i remember basically everything from the class i can't argue with the results. Plus she's really nice and has the most amazing sense of style.
4.0 : nice guy. do everything in aleks. even if you're not great at math (me) he offers a lot of extra credit so make sure you do it. class is pretty quite and dull to be honest. but overall he is a good prof.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever had. Is obvious he really cares, sends out many e-mails with reminders and updates (saw we all didn't do well on a section of a test, sent out mass e-mail with tips pertaining to that section). Responds very quickly and is VERY thorough in his e-mails and lectures. Answers questions very well. Tests are easy.
4.0 : He was quiet but very kind and approachable
4.0 : Great teacher. Very thorough, though sometimes he glosses over steps and needs to go back if there's confusion. Very fair grader, lots of partial credit.
5.0 : Mr. Evans is SO AMAZING at teaching. I graduated my HS with a D+ in Math. Now in his Math 105 class I'm doing a lot of the stuff I did my senior year, and I'm pulling probably a B+ at this point. That speaks VOLUMES for his teaching. He is extremely clear in his explanations, and totally helpful!  Also, I actually *like* the class.  A+.
3.0 : Real nice guy.
5.0 : Tate is awesome!  As a working director, it is such a cool experience to have him teach.
5.0 : Loved all of the classes I've taken with him! He's hilarious and cares about his students succeeding. He's very easy to talk to and get good feedback from. I haven't met a single student that doesn't like him. People tend to choose the courses he teaches just because of how great he is! He can be tough but he's 1 of the best in the department!
5.0 : He's definitely one of the most knowledgable professors I have ever had. The man oozes good advice and important stories, but he likes to give students a hard time. So much so to the point that I even did not want to show up to class because his attitude towards me made me dread the class. I like how important he is, I dislike the way he teaches.
4.0 : Some of the most useful information I've gotten in the film department so far.   He has a lot of experience to draw from and really makes you excited to make films.  I would highly recommend him.
4.0 : Participation is included in your grade. There's only two graded items all semester really, but they're documentary film assignments. This is a very intense class and not suggested for freshman at all. The teacher is a really cool person, but very strict teacher.
5.0 : Great teacher, he kept his lectures fairly concise and didn't waste time during class. In class exercises were helpful and well explained. He was very helpful when I was going through a tough time and made it possible for me to succeed in the class.
2.5 : Mark is not really a teacher, but instead a guy who sits down on a computer and talks about his life and all other "lessons" he's learned.  He's very helpful and friendly for the most part.  However, students who miss more than 2 classes will be graded tough and expect some harsh critic.  He has a tough time understanding simple things at times.
4.0 : Sometimes his assignments are not very clear, but If you ask for help he gives good explanations. There are weekly writing assignments and some of them are a bit difficult to squeeze in if you are super busy, but the material overall is easy. He is a bit of nit picky grader, but he is an English professor.  I took the class online &amp; would recommend
5.0 : He's awesome! I love how he gives us revisions on our assignments so we can get better grades.
4.5 : Good class.  I wasn't overly thrilled about taking another English class, but it is certainly a good class to help bump your GPA.  I took it online and it fit really well with my other classes as far as assignments. Easy course load. Instructor also allows revisions on most assignments.
5.0 : Really good professor and easy class. Pretty basic assignments that are actually fun and puts you in the shoes of a business owner. He was very helpful when you needed clarifications over assignments. Offers a lot of bonus points by doing worksheets in class. Overall, one of the best professors at UWM.
5.0 : He definitely cares about econ a lot. Lectures were easy to follow. Take notes in discussion and lecture and you wont even have to buy a book. Passed with flying colors.
4.0 : I really like Owen, I feel that he always tries to keep his lectures interesting and fun while remaining passionate about the subject. Certainly knowledgeable and cares about the overall class understanding.
5.0 : Owen was great and really made the material relatable. He made sure everyone understood the subject and was really helpful.
5.0 : He was extremely knowledgeable and passionate when teaching. I thoroughly enjoyed his class. He made all the content realistic and interesting. He's a character too. Definitely a funny guy.
5.0 : Very good teacher, clear information, gets right to the point and then you are on your way. Homework is exactly what we cover in class and the tests are very similar to the homework. As long as you pay attention and do the homework you'll pass no problem. Highly recommend him as a teacher!
5.0 : You can tell that Owen knows what he is talking about and enjoys teaching Economics. You are only graded by 3 tests and discussion attendance, so make sure to read and take notes. Best professor I've had at UWM so far!
4.0 : Owen is a great guy. You can definitely tell he knows what he is talking about and that also shows how much passion he has behind the material. Overall, the class is very laid back and great for anyone looking to knock out their CD credit. Owen is always available outside of class as well. The material is interesting in my opinion. Awesome class
5.0 : I was in his Econ 103 Lectures and they were super laid back and easy to follow, for me I had a good discussion teacher too so I was able to miss some of the lectures and still do well.
4.0 : Grade is based on 3 tests (25%, 25%, 40%) and discussion attendance (10%). Class was boring. Stopped going to lecture and just read the book. Lets students use a notecard on tests. Provides study guides that are pretty helpful.
4.0 : Fantastic professor who is knowledgeable. Teaches Econ very clear and is such a goofball. He made this 9am very enjoyable.
5.0 : It's really important that you go to the lectures and take all the notes because even though the lectures and topics can be boring he writes down and explains everything really well. I personally cut corners whens I can and skipping his lectures do not work. The test are 30 multiple choice usually and everything is from the study guide. Chill guy.
5.0 : Amazing professor and great guy! You can really tell that he loves Economics.
5.0 : I love Owen. He entertains a bit of politics in the class which makes for good discussion if students engage with questions. Discussion portion was pointless but is graded for attendance. Huge help: get the previous year's exams because Owen uses these questions over again. Might be different numbers but exact type of questions.
5.0 : This class was awesome! The professor was pretty funny and made the class very interesting. We had 5 homework assignments, 1 midterm, and 1 final. If you do the homework, pay attention in class, and review the slides on D2L, tests should be a breeze. Overall, a great and interesting class that I would recommend to anyone.
5.0 : Professor Thompson is awesome and if you do not want to go to lecture, the book will do enough to get you on the right page; he let me take two exams at later dates!; discussion is so freaking pointless, but attendance is mandatory; he is funny in lecture and chill outside; no hw all semester with just 3 easy exams; can use 4x6 card on all tests
4.0 : Dr. Forst is so adorable. He is so kind, and he will answer any questions you ever have. He is concerned with you being interested not just knowing the information. He doesn't go too fast in his lectures, and he is fairly easy to follow. I would definitely recommend taking one of his classes.
4.0 : Tough class but if you attend all lecture, take notes, and study notes you will pass.
4.5 : This was one of the best courses that I have taken so far. It's a tough class and he goes into details about a lot of things but it's fun to learn. His exams are long (mostly essays) but as long as you show up to class, take notes and study you can easily get an A.
4.0 : Excellent professor. Covers a wide variety of topics in Genetics and does overall well. The grade is mostly made up of tests, so studying is extremely important.
2.5 : Tough Grader! Exams consist of mostly essays and if you don't include every last detail he marks off big time. This class also is offered to graduate students so it is very difficult. I would suggest brushing up on your microbiology lectures before you take this class because they are exactly the same content except with a lot more detail.
4.0 : Online class. Structure and expectations were clear and straightforward
5.0 : God bless this man. Due to him my writing has improved so much. Plus his class made history actually fun. Take notes. BELIEVE ME! your papers will write itself
5.0 : Amazing class! Singer always makes discussion relevant and is very accessible.
5.0 : Possibly the greatest professor I've ever had, and without a doubt the best history professor I've ever had. He made discussions interesting, and I often felt excited to attend class. The whole grade is papers and participation. See him at his office hours for feedback on drafts of the bigger papers. He's a fairly tough grader, but will help you.
5.0 : He is so far one of my favorite teachers. He provides helpful criticism for papers and is willing to help if the need arises. Very understanding and a fair grader. Not difficult if you are a diligent student . An A is very attainable. Do the work as best you can and you will get a good grade.
3.0 : He definately had favorites that reflects in grading, so try to get on his good side.  Some biasness on participation and paper grading.  He once told me I had an A paper and gave me a B the next week.  All-in-all decently easy grader.  The lowest people get graded is a low B.  Definately knows his stuff though. I would not take class again.
4.0 : Good clear professor.  Go to his office hours for help on your papers.  He even graded my final paper on the spot and gave me an A.
5.0 : Great Professor, an absolute pleasure to learn from as he is passionate about history and teaching.
5.0 : I took his class as part of an Honors program and even though history is not something I really like, I never dreaded going to class. In fact I actually rather liked the class and thought that he did a good job of making information clear and giving help when it was needed. He was also a cool guy and was very knowledgeable.
4.0 : At the start of semester I actually disliked Prof. Singer, he came off as condescending in 1:1 reviews of my papers, but I came to truly enjoy his class.  Later I found that he was going through some personal things early in the semester, so I now see why he may have been different from his usual self then.  I'll miss my classes with Prof. Singer.
5.0 : My advisor warned me that Sara Pashak is "no joke." I agree, she's a no-b.s.  kind of gal but her personality is very chill and she's comfortable for that reason. I like her a lot. She is tough but works with you and is very good and very smart. I took her twice, I think she would make a great Supreme Court Justice! :-)
5.0 : Prof. Pashak is a wonderful professor. She makes you work for your grade, but if you put in the time, the good grades will come. The content she integrates into her courses are extremely interesting and relevant. I highly recommend!!
5.0 : Knowledgable about web design and overall great person. I really appreciated that he had us take notes in HTML5; it really helped us become familiar with it quickly. Would absolutely recommend him.
5.0 : Definitely great professor. He'll go on a lot of rants about clients, but he's also really chill and realistic about having other classes and the real design world. His lessons are all really clear. Class usually consists of his walk through of the lesson, while you to type it as well. Go to class, and it'll make understanding everything easy.
5.0 : Very helpful instructor. One of the rare classes you actually seem to learn something  useful. He is more than willing to help you if you are struggling with something or don't understand something. Highly recommended.
5.0 : You are graded on four things in this class.  You have the option to do 3/4 of 2 essays and 2 exams, if you do all four your lowest grade will be dropped.  Each one is worth 25% of your grade.  The last 25% is solely participation and attendance, which is taken at every lecture and discussion section. GO TO CLASS.  It's an easy class!
4.0 : 2 papers, 2 midterms, 1 is droppedoptional. Take notes &amp; go to discussion and you should do fine.  Lecture is powerpoint, discussion you fill out worksheets in small groups &amp; go over the reading - no homework besides the reading &amp; papers.  TA (Krista) is helpful and gives good feedback.
5.0 : She knows what shes talking about and it makes learning the information so much more fun
5.0 : Class was well taught and information in lecture was relevant to the exams.
5.0 : Easy class with an awesome professor
5.0 : I took Amid's Econ 103 class in fall 2016 and it went very well. He was always willing to help people and answer their questions if they set up an appointment, even shortly before the exams. He used a lot of examples that were funny and also helped make microeconomic concepts easier to understand. I definitely would recommend this professor.
5.0 : This class is significantly harder than Econ 103, but he explains the concepts well and is willing to help you.
5.0 : Amid is the best professor I have had at UWM.  He is always willing to help and responds to emails promptly (within 30 minutes in most cases).  His lectures are very clear and you go over every bit of material that will be on the exam.  He thoroughly covers all of the material in a way that is engaging and clear.  Highly recommend taking his class.
5.0 : a teacher who actually cares about individuals and real life problems. Very motivational and interested in his lectures and makes it interesting for the class.
5.0 : Best teacher at UWM.
5.0 : My class with Amid was by far one of my best at UWM. He is one of the few instructors that shows true compassion for his students and cares for their success. He personally pushed me to succeed inside the classroom and invited me to his fitness class where he has changed my outlook on personal health. Amid is truly a fantastic professor and person.
3.0 : He knows what he is talking about but isn't super clear at time
5.0 : Amid literally changed my life. I was going through a rough time and dissatisfied with my old major and he helped spark my interest in econ with a caring attitude and exceptional teaching skill. I'm now looking into going to grad school for econ and I wouldn't have discovered this passion if not for him. He is easily the best teacher I've ever had.
5.0 : He's one of the coolest professor I've taken. He made economics pretty easy to learn and he really do cares for his students too.
5.0 : Megan is an awesome professor. She relates the material to scenarios that are easily understandable and makes class interesting. She's really helpful when it comes to the projects and she's a super nice person. Her class was great and I would love to take more with her.
3.0 : This instructor is an AWESOME person, but I would not opt to take her class again. She grades much too harshly for 300 level and you must participate in every single class for an A in participation. There is emphasis on public speaking, which she also grades very harshly on. (Gives good notes on improvement though). Cool person, hard grader.
5.0 : Laidback professor who wants you to pass final portfolio.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. Extremely laid back, but very smart and makes class enjoyable. I would definitely recommend Eddie.
4.0 : He conveys the material clearly at the beginning of each unit and each week. Comments more on exam, but less on weekly assignments, especially if you are doing well in the course. Fun online class with movies and tv and the instructor makes interesting movie choices.
5.0 : Overall, an easy course presented by a helpful, laid back professor.
4.0 : He is a very smart but sometimes too smart where he loses me as he is talking. Overall he helps a lot and gives a lot of great feedback. As long as you listen to the advice he gives and actually use them then you will pass portfolio and get an A.
4.0 : if you have to take english 101 try to get him as a professor.  Easy, and laid back.
5.0 : Eddie was a great professor. His English 102 class was the best class I've taken since being in college. I would highly recommend him!
5.0 : Jackie was really helpful and fun to be around, but a tough grader. I didn't open the book at all, but paying attention in lecture was really important!
5.0 : Jackie was amazing, others say she was a tough grader and I agree, I worked tremendously hard and kept my 4.0. You may hate her now for being so tough, but you'll love her when your writing improves and you learn what it takes to get a job in advertising. If it weren't for her meticulous grading I wouldn't have gotten a job right after college.
5.0 : Jackie is one of the most helpful profs that I've had at UWM. Profound and incredibly useful. If you are truly passionate about the field of advertising/PR and reach out to her by email or office hours-- she will provide beneficial critique and feedback. Highly recommend.
3.5 : I like Jackie but she is tough grader. She's very picky and will be the first person to let you know you're wrong. She answers questions in a very condescending way. I have also learned a lot from her. My writing had improved tremendously.
2.5 : Jackie is a super bi%#$. She has improved my writing but she makes you feel stupid every chance she gets. Assignments every week and if you think she can't grade your creativity you're wrong. She will compare your "creativity" to other students and you will get downgraded for it.  Better pray you're in a class full of creative idiots!
3.0 : Professor is very degrading of students, and makes you feel terrible after an exam if you don't get a B+ or higher on it.
5.0 : Kevin is the best teacher I have ever had. I was originally worried about thermodynamics, but he made learning it a breeze. He is really able to voice his knowledge in a way that students can understand, which allowed me to rarely open the textbook. His lectures and d2l material is all you need to succeed in his class. Amazing and enjoyable class.
4.5 : Great guy that actually captivates his students.  There are few professors with his charisma and dedication.  We initially had 40 students in a tiny classroom and Prof Renken  fought with administration to get us a classroom that was much more suitable for our class size.  Just one example of many acts that makes Renken a great Professor.
5.0 : renkdaddy is the best professor in the Engineering department.
5.0 : The only thing I learned in this class is that you have to plug in a refrigerator in, in order for it to work! Kidding, Took thermo with him, his class isn't hard and you learn a lot!
5.0 : Prepare yourself for the Jon Gruden of UWM. Renken will have many quotable moments and youll learn a thing or two along the way Ill tell ya that for free
5.0 : If you go to lecture, take good notes, and do the example quizzes/tests you will pass no problem. If you read the book like he tells you to you'll get an A.   Great teacher overall. If you feel stupid in his class, you probably are.
5.0 : Renken has been my favorite professor at UWM. He constantly fights for the students to succeed and gives everyone the tools you will need to pass. It is up to you to pass though, he will NOT hold your hand. Do the homework and read the book and you will be OK. Read the book and use his practice exams and you will get an A
5.0 : one of the few professors that cares about students education.
4.0 : First of all I just want to get this out the way. My opinion may be kind of biased because I have a sort of creepy crush on him because he is attractive in like a semi nerdy way. Any who. The class was very easy to pass and clear cut. He pretty much gives you total control over how you do in the class and a lot of leeway while doing so. I recommend
5.0 : Matthew is a great teacher! He always tries to go out of his way to help each and every one of his students in the class. He makes sure that nobody feels stupid in a class where most think they are. Apart from University requirements that he has to follow (attendance, ALEKS, etc) he was an awesome and caring professor. Would take again!
4.5 : ALEKS, Group projects and work in class
5.0 : Such a cool guy, and I definitely enjoyed this seminar. It was a class about zombies so it was pretty easy but outside of that fantastic fact, he was such a personable, outgoing guy who gave such good feedback and always offered to help. Definitely memorable.
4.5 : He is a good teacher even for an online class. He is really willing to help you out and is super nice. There is work such as essays and stuff that can be difficult, but if you need help, he will help you out.
5.0 : Extremely helpful when it comes to preparing your portfolio.  Explains everything well and homework was pretty easy (usually 3 paragraphs worth of work). She's very kind and easygoing in class.  Best teacher I had this semester, I highly recommend her.
4.0 : I found Mary to be a good teacher overall. This was a theory communication class. The course was interesting but just okay. There was too much nonsense reading (read 20 pages) but can be taught be 5 mins. I liked that she allowed discussion, I believed it help students connect dots to why communication in science and technology is important.
5.0 : Very helpful class/professor. I felt that she outlined all of the assignments very clearly and was an adequate amount for a 200 level class. The 4 week summer session was a lot of work but she was a fair grader. Final grade was based on 5 discussion posts and 4 major assignments but she gave great feedback! I would take any class she taught!
4.5 : Gives amazing feedback on every paper, and will take the time to sit down and go over every comment made. Had a good time in class, she has a light sense of humor and wants students to enjoy English as much as she does. Relatively a lot of peer feedback as well, which is somewhat helpful. Would recommend for English 101, did a great job.
5.0 : Molly has a passion for both teaching and the content itself. She spent a few years working at the high school level, and lays out concepts very easily. If you follow her suggestions, and stay up to pace with the work you will pass!-Even though it is an intimidating class at first.
4.5 : Great at her job as an instructor. Made the goals to pass the class clear and wanted to help us as much as she could.
4.5 : Molly is super helpful and accommodating.
5.0 : She is always willing to make herself available and is very fair for grading. Very good teacher just hard to understand sometimes. Fair to students and tries to make it as easy on them as she can.
5.0 : I am currently taking her right now and she has become my favorite professor at CMU. She is always willing to help you and go the extra mile to make sure you understand the material. If you go to class, you should get an A.
5.0 : Molly is very willing to help any time you need it! She is very neat and a wonderful teacher. I did my homework and did well on all the exams. We had an in-class quiz every Friday and 3 exams throughout the semester along with a final. I would definitely recommend her as a teacher, I thought she was awesome!
5.0 : Awesome educator. Provided incredible feedback (full run through of the problem and where you went wrong) on all tests and quizzes. 3 exams and a quiz every Friday. Doesn't drop any scores, but allows you to regain 12 missed points on quizzes through corrections. Highly recommend.
3.5 : Required class for theatre majors and very group project heavy. An easy class if you keep up with readings &amp; assignments. Ralph updates D2L a lot &amp; is helpful and understanding. The material isn't that complicated or difficult so it's easy to get an A if you keep on top of the homework and readings. The textbook is essential.
5.0 : Great online class! Very clear format but a lot of work with 3 due dates per week! If this is your first exposure to accounting, this may be a really challenging course for you. Overall, Pamela was an excellent professor to have for this course. However, I don't feel that this was the best preparation for those moving onto intermediate accounting.
5.0 : I had Kellogg a few years ago for Linguistics 210. He's a really funny, cool, intelligent guy. Definitely knows his stuff, and he seems to be really passionate about what he does. Would definitely take this class again if given the chance.
5.0 : Amazing instructor that really gets the class involved and makes learning the material fun. He loves to joke around and is an all around great guy
5.0 : Super funny and a great professor, I quickly learned German with his help.
5.0 : An awesome teacher to have! Makes class interesting, you never know what to expect (but in a good way). Laid back, extremely fair and is amusing during lecture, making the material memorable.  You rock, Herr Kellogg!
4.5 : Kellogg is unlike any professor Ive had before. He's quirky, fun, and overall a cool guy. If he sees potential in you, he'll give you a harder time in class. I'd recommend for everyone
5.0 : This man, is the reason I keep taking German courses at UW-Milwaukee. Get to know  him, and he's awesome.
5.0 : Herr Kellogg is a great German teacher. He is very funny, and he always tries to make his class interesting. I declared my German minor because of him.
5.0 : Fun to work in class. How well you do depends on how well you pick up languages.
5.0 : German 102, 10 AM class, This man is a gem. Super funny, Super sweet, compassionate like a damn Buddha. He's a looker too. Really tho, the class was awesome and he's the best professor you could get.
5.0 : Fantastic professor. I've learned a lot about the German language as well as the cultural and history of the greater German speaking region from his class. He also has a SPICY personality.
5.0 : I wish Herr Kellogg taught all of my classes. I learned so much about the German language and culture. He always makes class interesting and every day I seem to learn something new and fun. He's such a great professor, I'd take any class he teaches. He has a great personality and made everyday a delight. Amazing Professor and seriously great class.
5.0 : Herr Kellogg made German approachable and doesn't harp on small mistakes. He really makes learning fun and definitely knows his stuff when it comes to the language, culture, and teaching. I wish I could take all of my classes from him. If you get the chance to take German 102 defiantly take it from Herr Kellogg.
4.0 : Herr Kellogg was an entertaining individual who knew how to keep his students interested. Though he was sometimes late or forgetful, he obviously knew the material very thoroughly.
3.0 : The 2nd and Final Exam covered broad topics that were not thoroughly covered.  Not much feedback on  project paper, grade seemed arbitrary. The lectures were recitation of the book with outdated info.  Could discuss current engine technology better  more deeply.
4.5 : He is a tough grader, and likes to challenge students. Do not take a class with him if your just looking for some easy elective credits. He will not pass you if that is the case. He will know.  Go to class every lecture he writes notes on the board. Does not use D2L very much, only to post assignments and syllabus. All in-class notes and book.
4.0 : As others have said, tough grader. But his explanations are very clear and structured during lecture. Quizzes and exams are based directly off the homework he suggests.
4.5 : Lectures are very clear and well designed; he has taught this class many times and is well prepared.  Examples are clear and useful for completing the homework and studying for exams. He can answer most questions with ease.  He is definitely one of the best professors in the ME department at UWM.
5.0 : Dr. Hoffmann is a very good lecturer, and has a great command of her subject. She is dedicated to students and teaching relevant material.  Course materials well designed, assignments were clear, grading was clear, and it is hard to imagine how one walked away from the course without having learned a ton.  Dr. Hoffmann is a must take Professor!
4.5 : New Phd and brilliant. Will put in as much energyeffort in as you do, and then some. Is not afraid to challenge students at all, so don't expect a push over. Jumps into discussions at times with thought provoking views and loves to use funny GIFs (every unit had one). Some dated readings, but most were good. Hilarious side posts.  Recommended.
5.0 : Dr. Kruse-Ruck is a miracle worker! In just a few months studying under her I have made huge improvements that I never would have dreamed of making. She is caring and kind, but she will push you to be your best--and she gets results. She knows her stuff and she'll make sure you know yours as well. An inspiration, I can't say enough good things!!
5.0 : Tanya will use her wealth of knowledge to coach you to self-discovereries about your musicianship. She is a fierce performer and extraordinary teacher. I've never met a more authentic, caring teacher in my life. She is an open book about her own career experiences as well as supportive of students who struggle in their personal lives. She is a gem.
5.0 : Dr Kruse is very smart and friendly. She is a great voice teacher and I learn from her to be a better singer. She inspires me along with other voice teachers to work hard and maybe teach voice lessons someday. She is caring and is a great listener. She is also an observer and learns from students. Great vocalist and teacher.
5.0 : I met dr. Durlam at choral conferemce si ging a vlassical song in the recital hall. He is a great teacher. Im excited to take him for choir on campus. He helps students with talent and singers trying to improve. He knows his stuff. I love singing and performing and durlam is a great singer. I recommend him for choir.
5.0 : Dr. Durlam is patient and caring. He encourages proper vocal health. He is very knowledgeable and helping students grow. I watch and learn from him all the time. He makes music really fun and picks out challenging music. He has a great ear for detail and is very caring.  I highly recommend to take him for choir.
5.0 : Durlam is a very good professor and clearly knows what he's doing and how to help his students improve their vocal abilities. He has some very good repertoire and provides challenging pieces. He has great analogies and he's funny and likeable. Attendance is taken each class and your grade is mostly based on it. Allows phones when not singing.
5.0 : Dr. Durlam selects diverse, interesting and challenging repertoire. He has a keen ear for detail and gets the most out of his ensembles that he possibly can. He is concerned with the vocal health of his students and will never ask them to sacrifice technique. You must show up to class or you will not pass as it is a performance based class.
4.0 : Dr. Durlam is a very knowledgable and patient teacher. He can clearly pick out the students with much potential and help them to grow, but he also still makes time for students who don't have quite as much talent, which is really nice. He's very good at making sure everyone knows the music well and is prepared for the concert.
5.0 : Excellent! He's very honest and expects a lot from his students simply because he knows they have the potential. He believes in his students' ability and is always there to help if you need it. He does give quite a bit of homework, but in my experience it has helped a lot and the final product always comes out better.
4.0 : He gives great guidance on improvements that can be made to designs, but if you don't complete the assignments, you'll never be able to grow. Robert is caring and understanding, but can tell if you're BS-ing. He's very educated so his vocab can be difficult to understand, but he's patient so just ask him to rephrase things for you. He's awesome! :D
5.0 : One of the most organized and helpful professors that I have had. Really explains things well. Only negative is the on line homework but all of the 105 classes require it.
5.0 : He was pretty easy to follow along with and was a very understanding professor.
5.0 : He's a nice guy and a really good teacher. With effort you will pass and if you need help he will help you out!
1.0 : Sucks at explaining math, has no energy, and is boring
5.0 : The best math instructor I've had at college. Teaches more like a high school teacher. Makes it very clear what you need to do.
4.0 : Easy class, but a lot of work. His lectures, while informative, are very, very dry.  I find it easier to follow along if I speed him up on youtube.  Easy grader. He's a nice guy and is very knowledgeable and you walk away feeling like you learned something useful for your career.
4.0 : Is an expert in the field, has 30+ years experience. Lectures have interesting content but he is dry and monotone. Will do anything for you if you need help, within reason of course. Very pleasant, friendly, and approachable. Lives in Chicago, office hours are limited, but has phone hours available upon request.
5.0 : Enthusiastic
3.5 : Extremely dry, the first three weeks were entirely lecture but there are no tests. When you finally get assignments he spends twice the time needed explaining the diagrams. Very nice and always willing to talk but relays a lot of information that is hard to keep track of because he's very monotone.
3.5 : Good guy, knows his stuff, always willing to help and is enthusiastic about the subject. The only thing I wish was different is that he takes absolutely forever to grade anything. Semester is over, I'm still waiting on stuff that was due 6 weeks ago. Feedback is always detailed, I just wish it was more timely.
3.0 : Pro: Uploads Demo Videos (very helpful) Understands the Material Very Well  Con: Dry When Giving Lectures (Hard To Pay Attention At Times) Doesn't Grade Assignments In A Timely Fashion Doesn't Answer Emails In A Timely Fashion  (However, you shouldn't have to contact Kevin outside of class very often because because of his demo videos)
4.0 : This class was my first introduction to coding and I loved it! Demo videos were easy to follow and it was really fun to see your code turn into a pdf or website. Really enjoyed the class and would take more with Trainor in the future.
4.0 : Be prepared for very dry lectures. Takes a very long time to grade assignments unfortunately. Course consists of practice assignments that help you complete the final project in the end. Overall a very knowledgeable teacher, one that is there to help you if you really need it.  I rarely used my textbook.
4.5 : Like other people have said, is often late on grading assignments.  Overall though, a great teacher.  You get the feeling he wants the students to succeed, and never shoots anyone's opinion down.  Really knows his stuff and is great at explaining complicated topics.
5.0 : Great teacher
5.0 : This instructor puts a lot of effort into the lectures and worksheets that go along with the class. It was easy to keep up in the course because of how many resources he provides. The lectures are very entertaining, too!
5.0 : Took Dr. Chang for PHY209 and 210. I enjoyed both classes. The homework isnt too bad but it helps you prepare for exams and he really does care about his students. Overall, great professor.
3.5 : Not bad for a physics class. Tries to crack jokes in class. Writes super small on the board and tends mumble what he's saying. Over all not a bad teacher, gives decent notes and has video tutorials for homework problems online that are really useful.
4.5 : Problem Sets each week are challenging, but they prepare you for the exam. The exams are very straightforward. 10 multiple choice questions and 3-5 long answer questions. Very funny dude whos passionate about teaching physics.
4.0 : Phil was a great teacher. Every exam was made up of questions taken straight from homework assignments, and it made studying a lot easier. Put in a little bit of effort and go to discussion and you'll be set.
5.0 : Dr. chang is the Steph curry of teaching physics. He's super funny, and his exams are straight forward. Hes passionate about teaching, and loves his job. Would take again
5.0 : She is a very caring professor and can be very blunt sometimes, but it is to your benefit and you will learn a lot about fiber. You can tell she really loves her job. By far one of my most favorite classes ever!
5.0 : Really easy and really interesting! Loved this class.
5.0 : Took online. Posts weekly reading assignments with a short assignment regarding it, but very easy and to the point. Two due dates the entire semester, during mid-term time and final time. Would highly recommend this class as it is easy and pretty interesting, plus Amara is really helpful.
5.0 : Easiest class I've ever taken. Literally all you need to do is the homework and you'll be good. No test, exams or quizzes. Always updates weekly via email. Best and easiest teacher hands down.
4.0 : Great, caring, guy.  Really cares about how you do in the class. Tests are not too hard if you study and attend class and take notes, but its Calculus so its still obviously difficult in some parts. Didn't have a really great TA, but he helped. Be aware though, the final exam was much harder than the others, and you should study more.
5.0 : He is amazing! Go to class and you'll pass. He cares about all his students and wants to make sure we all do well. Answers all questions and is available outside of class. Lecture is very clear and understanding. Only way you can fail is not going to class or by not trying. Do the homework for practice &amp; it'll all be easy as 123, not a hard class!
5.0 : he gives amazing lectures. as long as you go to class, take notes, practice them and you will get an easy A. the Final Exam is cumulative so keep your notes. I attended SI sections and it helped me a lot. he lets you drop one exam (except for the final) so it's not that hard.
5.0 : The homework was typically harder than the tests, and they were all just practice work. The lecture was as fun as a lecture could be, but he made the time pass a lot faster making sure to crack jokes.
5.0 : So sweet and funny. If I had the option to have a third grandpa I would choose hime in an instant! His lectures are good and he teaches at an appropriate pace and often asks if anyone has questions.
5.0 : You have to show up to lecture if you expect to pass this class but he makes it easy. He tells the funniest, corny old man jokes and is a blast to listen to. The homework is way harder than the tests and he does week long reviews to prepare you. If you go to lecture you will know exactly what is on the test and how the points are distributed.
3.5 : You're given all the material in lecture. Sometimes he goes too fast and is left handed so he blocks the work he's doing. Review's given are the same layout as the exams but the final is cumulative which sucks.
5.0 : Larry was awesome! He makes sure you are prepared for exams. He talks a lot about his personal life, but is overall great at explaining Calc. I have never taken Calc before in high school or college and I still recieved  A.
4.5 : Larry was a great teacher, really knew how to actually teach students versus just lecturing. Keeps you on track by requiring homework to be done. Even though the material was difficult he explained it clearly and made sure you understood. Highly recommend him for any calc class.
5.0 : Professor Lawrence is one of the best professors at UWM. Depending on your math skills, attendance is pretty optional. Review sheets and sessions are extremely valuable though.
5.0 : Best professor I have had so far at UWM.  He is very clear in this lectures.  He is funny so he keeps you engaged.  He does offer extra credit.
5.0 : Very engaging lectures, and solves problems step by step a several times to make sure you really have it. Always starts off his lectures with puns or jokes, although corny, still funny. The reviews are extremely helpful and really prepares you for the exam.
5.0 : He is so great at giving lectures and providing a lot of examples for problems. He also has an additional study day before each test where he practically gives you all the answers to the test. As long as you take notes during lectures then you will get at least a C in the class. He also has little funny jokes that he tells.
4.0 : By far one of my favorite teachers at UWM! He explains exactly what is on the exam and helps anyone who is having trouble. Go to class, to the homework, and you will get an A. Never had a math teacher so encouraging and fun, it was refreshing!
5.0 : He makes a math lecture not so boring and is just the sweetest, most likable man!  He really wants to see his students do well.  He has great reviews before the exams that are very helpful!
5.0 : Best professor I have ever had hands down! I have never met a nicer, more patient and hilarious man. He truly cares about you as a person and gives you life advice as well as any help you need with the course material. He goes through everything at the perfect speed and makes sure everyone understands what he's teaching!! Highly recommend!
5.0 : 4 exams, he will drop the lowest of the 4 exams. GO TO CLASS! His lectures are not only funny, but hugely helpful. Go to tutoring, and attend all the exam reviews. Every little bit helps. He is very caring, and it shows. He goes through many examples to ensure you learn the topics before the exam.
5.0 : Mr. Schultz is my favorite math professor. He explain the concepts very well. Very accessible outside class time and always willing to help students. Cares deeply on how his students do in his class. I took Survey-Calculus with Mr. Schultz. Very time intensive, due to the material. Make sure you attend lecture to understand the problems.
5.0 : best professor I've had, super nice, genuine guy. makes math easier and goes through problems thoroughly
5.0 : By far the best professor I have ever had. He is such a sweet man. Going to lecture  will almost guarantee you an A. I had an awful Discussion Teacher, so I basically just learned everything from Mr. Schultz.  He makes corny jokes in lecture. He truly cares about wanting his students to do well. I hate math, &amp; with him it was easy. 100% take him!
5.0 : Mr. Schultz is one of those teachers who will bend over backwards for his students. He even gives his cell number on the syllabus in case we need to reach him, and responds in minutes to emails. He is goofy and sweet. Great teacher, makes things easy. You have to put in time to get a good grade (of course its calc!) But take it with him!
5.0 : He makes the exams so that you can easily be successful. The exams are only 20 questions and half of the questions are just showing the work or that you know how to set the problem up correctly.
5.0 : Professor Schultz is one of the best professors I have ever had. As someone who has always been confused by math, he made everything crystal clear. The material isn't overly difficult, but you should go to lecture. If you go, you will get an A. Amazing professor, TAKE HIM IF YOU HAVE THE CHOICE! His jokes are great, too.
5.0 : One of the nicest teachers I've had. Lectures aren't boring but very important. The homework is always way harder then the tests. Almost all test questions are exactly like questions gone over in lecture. Don't let yourself get behind or you will start to drag yourself.  Sometimes he goes fast so make sure to take pictures if you're a slow writer.
5.0 : Professor Schultz is really amazing. I was expecting Calc to really suck, but I got Schultz and he was such a pleasant surprise and really taught you math but made it fun. Drops lowest exam grade as well.
4.0 : Expects a lot for in intro class to public speaking. We didn't even get a rubric of what would get us a "above average" grade until after our first speech was over.
5.0 : A super sweet and optimistic person. One of those "Always happy" people, a little much at 8am. Haha, I'm half kidding. She is great at explaining what is expected. She doesn't hand out A's unless you do excellent work, which I like. I never used the textbook for anything and got an A. You do need to watch her lecture videos though for tests.
4.0 : He is a quirky science guy that is very knowledgeable. The class's subject material was hard to get into for most students because it was mostly dry taxonomy. The labs were really cool. Lectures made you think, but sometimes felt alienating because it was hard to tell what information was important. Tests are tough, definitely study.
4.5 : He tries to keep everyone's attention by making the awkward science jokes throughout the lecture, and while the material can be a bit dry, overall he is a good teacher.  The tests can be a bit hard, but the lab portion is super easy.
5.0 : Really cool guy, his lectures were always interesting and the class was pretty fun. Lab portion was fun too.
3.5 : When she taught this class she was working on her PhD, so I hope she continues to teach. The course goals sometimes feel confusing, but the important thing is to participate in class and maintain your Spanish outside of class. Friendly and fun teacher, but a weird course to teach, I felt.
5.0 : She is amazing. She is very caring, and explains things very well. She also knows how to make class fun.
5.0 : Katie's wonderful. She really cares about her students and yes, she jam packs her slides with information that's not necessarily useful for the exam, but she does a good job of giving context. She's very well versed and passionate about the information. Would strongly recommend her any time.
5.0 : He expects A LOT from students and absolutely hates excuses, you really need to go above and beyond when having him for a TA to get 100%. With that being said, he helps whenever you ask for it. He even responds to e-mails and IMs sent late at night. You can also just go to office hours and discuss anything, he's pretty friendly. Overall, great guy.
4.0 : Great for late night classes, keeps class engaged and usually lets out early. Sometimes seems disorganized, but always ensures fairness. Very knowledgeable industry professional. Can take a while to get grades back. Plays awesome EDM music in class. He goes a bit fast in the course, but slows down if you ask. Overall, a decent instructor for 350.
4.5 : I had her for Intro to Pysch. and there were just 4 exams, no homework, no attendance required. She dropped the lowest exam grade and suggested if we were satisfied with our grade after the first 3 exams, we shouldn't come the rest of the semester because it won't matter. Exams were multiple choice with 10 extra credit questions. Very easy.
2.5 : Neuropsychology is a pretty dry subject and the way she lectures doesn't really help with that due to reading off slides. There is extra credit that you can get through SONA. She assigns one paper and one group project so it's not too bad. Also, for every exam you can use an entire sheet of paper as a cheat sheet, which is why anyone passes.
3.5 : I took Psych 101 with her. Didn't go to lectures once--she gives a really good final review powerpoint on D2L and I studied off that and got A's every time. She reads right off the slides that are also on D2L. I didn't use the book once.
4.5 : Really easy class. Never once have I used the book because everything on the test are right off lecture slides.
5.0 : She's an awesome teacher, and really knows her stuff. Does a good job at explaining the material and would definitely have her again.
4.0 : Nicole is fun and helpful.
5.0 : Nicole is probably one of the best teachers I ever had, never before I saw such passion in teaching the material, I really hope one day I can have another class with her! I learned everything and everything is so crystal clear in my mind of what she thought!
4.5 : Kristin is great at explaining complicated genetics concepts. She is kind and sympathetic to her students, and she holds excellent review sessions for every exam. Always there for you, never condescending. She makes very helpful worksheets to supplement lectures.
5.0 : Easy A. tons of extra credit. easy exams. you dont need to attend lectures and they even record the lectures so you can access them online. this is a really easy SS Ger.
5.0 : Didn't really like this class but she is an awesome professor. Didn't like this class because child psych doesn't interest me. She is very clear with what she wants and thoroughly explains material. Test and studying may seem like alot, but not as bad. Overall, one of the best professors I've had. Signed up for psych 205 with her!
4.0 : Learned a lot in Dr. Smith's intro to Psych class. There's a massive amount of material she has to cover, so she goes through it really quickly. I'd recommend taking notes on a laptop so you can try to keep up. She's a fair grader and gives lots of opportunities for extra credit. Go to the SI/Tutoring sessions for it. They help a lot.
5.0 : Dr. Smith is amazing. She is realistic with her expectations, is clear, and makes herself available for students. She is lighthearted and really knows her information- makes lectures interesting to listen to. Keep up with readings and you'll do just fine. I definitely recommend Dr. Smith and her class!
4.5 : Dr. Smith is an excellent professor. The material is clear. Clickers are used for participationattendance, but you don't need to answer correctly to get credit. There are online quizzes for each chapter and 3 exams along with a final. She drops your lowest exam score. I would definitely take this class or another class with her again!
5.0 : She is a great teacher. I took psych 101 with her and i knew that i needed to take 206 with her. There are a lot of opportunities to pass the class, so it is pretty hard to fail. There are 5 exams (lowest 1 dropped), online quizzes, clicker points, and extra credit. Notes are online and you can pass without ever going, but I would suggest attending
5.0 : Her classes are very easy to get an A. She is funny and is always there for you. The grading is very clear.
4.5 : Great professor. Very thorough and very helpful. All online teachers should take a class from her! Pay attention to the textbooks, apply yourself and you'll be fine. The course is exciting and challenging but in no way bullies the student. Fair grading, lowest score dropped. Multiple quizzes and exams.
5.0 : Dr. Smith is a great professor. She uses real life examples to make sure her students understand every concept. Exams are quiet simple if you follow her study guide. The online quizzes can be hard if you don't read the book because most of the questions don't come from her notes. She drops your lowest exam and 3 lowest quizzes so it works out.
4.0 : She's a really nice professor and a good one too. I just didn't like her exams because they were really tricky at times, so you have to be prepared for scenarios and stuff like that. Overall, she's really helpful and I would recommend her.
5.0 : Dr. Kristen Smith is the best professor at Uwm by far.  From the time I first transfer to Milwaukee she was very helpful and she motivated me to obtain a minor in psychology. Awesome professor. Definitely the best ever!
4.0 : Dr Smith was a very good professor.  She makes power points for you and slides that tell you everything you need to know on the exams. Exams can be a bit tricky at times but as long as you study from the power points, you will be able to pass easily. Never went to lecture but passed easily. Make sure to do discussions online every week.
5.0 : Dr. Smith is a wonderful professor. Her lectures are a bit boring, but they are filled with the info that is on the tests. Attendance isn't mandatory, but she often gives great hints in lectures about test questions. She is so willing to help, and truly cares about the success of her students; which is a hard trait to find in professors nowadays!
5.0 : Dr. Smith is one of the best professors at UWM. She has an extra credit opportunity for every exam and all of the quizzes are online. During lecture she is quite funny, and sometimes has memes in her power points.
5.0 : Dr. Smith is one of my favorite professors at UWM. Course is very easy to pass and get an A in. Online quizzes, Discussion points, and exams make up your grade. You do not ned to attend lecture, but if you do she gives 2 questions back on the exam during random lectures, which help boost your grade. Lowest Exam, quiz, and 2 discussions  are dropped
5.0 : Dr. Smith is probably my favorite professor on the UWM campus. She genuinely cares about her students and classes. She makes lectures interesting and tries to keep your attention. Psych 101 is filled with lots of topics, but she always explained them well! I would recommend her to everyone!
5.0 : She's an amazing professor! She is very caring and has very interesting lectures. I absolutely loved her class.
5.0 : LOVE Prof Smith! Her grading style is by far the best that I've seen. She drops our lowest exam scores and a few of our lowest quiz scores. Her extra credit options for every exam are helpful as well! I enjoyed her class and teaching style so much that I'm taking another one of her classes back-to-back this coming semester!
5.0 : GREAT Professor! Lectures were helpful and informational. Tells you everything you need to know for exams. Really nice and laid back. The exams are pretty straight forward, just study. If you need extra help I would recommend going to see her personally. Attendance was mandatory, free online text book. Really interesting course. I recommend
4.5 : Interesting class. Very nice professor and she helps in any way possible. Very respectful and approachable. Lectures are really boring. Attendance not mandatory but discussion section is a MUST GO if you want to pass. Exams are easy as long as you take notes and pay attention to class material.
5.0 : One of the better psychology professors in my opinion. I took personality and child psych with her and both classes were very interesting. She grades very fairly and even provides study guides for exams. As long as you attend lecture and read the book, its an easy A.
4.5 : Lecture is long but only because it's once a week. He makes the material easy to understand but uses different terms on the tests that can be tricky. Offers extra credit and doesn't mind questions.
3.5 : His lectures can be boring, however, his class is fair. Scott focuses on teaching his class practical financial information, which is good sometimes. However, other times I wish he would just teach the material on the exam and let us go home. He has 2 midterms which you can use all your notes for and a few HW assignments. He is a decent guy as well
3.5 : He has a lot of knowledge in finance and does a good job explaining the material. My only complaint is the dreadfully long lecture. He briefly discusses the current state of the market before going into two hours of straight Power Point slides. Five homework assignments- all very easy. Just wish the lectures involved more critical thinking.
5.0 : Steinke's classes are long but he makes himself available to his students and doesn't load them down with homework. The classes are conducted with relevant information . So long as you do the homework, read the material and take notes you'll pass. He makes sure to give extra credit too, which is always nice.
5.0 : He is an advisor by day, teacher by night, so he provides a lot of practical financial knowledge. We spend a good amount of time talking about current events in the stock market each day, so I don't know what kind of finance major would find this "boring and long." He is probably the most human teacher I have had in the finance major at UWM.
5.0 : While you can easily pass even if you don't attend a single lecture, I wouldn't recommend skipping. The lectures are great because he brings in his experience and makes sure he covers what is actually important in the book and doesn't water the class down like some professors do.
5.0 : Awesome TA for Psychological Statistics! Would not have been able to get through this course without his great teaching and helpful advice. Take him for lab and discussion to succeeded in this class.
5.0 : Easy class with an excellent professor. You need to watch the lectures, but they're available online. The class was mainly graded on 5 exams and a final and your worst one gets dropped. The textbook is helpful but not necessary to pass. Lots of extra credit is available, but you probably wont need it. I got As on everything without too much work.
5.0 : A great teacher. Tests can be challenging but as long as you do the homework and study the key concepts for each exam you will do fine. The book/ebook is required because of a code needed for  learning curves where you will do the assignments. Dude loves coffee and will find a way to talk about his dog. Showing up will lead to rewards(no guarantee)
5.0 : Mike has an incredible knack for conveying information.
5.0 : Mike is awesome! He's a great teacher and makes the lecture fun and exciting. Do ALL the quizzes, he gives you unlimited tries so it's easy to get 100% on every one. The tests are challenging, but that's because its Psych! Psych is NOT an easy subject, but Mike makes it fun and so much easier to understand than past professors I have had.
3.0 : Excellent lecturer by keeping things moving. Uploads lectures to D2l. 10 question quiz every week with unlimited attempts. Several opportunities for extra credit. HOWEVER, all his exam questions are situational based so you can't remember definitions but rather what situations would involve the answer. This made his class very hard.
5.0 : I only showed up on exam days, but still experienced class through the recorded lectures. I'd sit down and watch lectures in fast forward to prep for exams and take notes on the powerpoints that he posts. Pay attention to the lectures, review the materials, and you'll be fine. It's all lecture, but Mike is dorky and funny, so it's pretty painless!
4.0 : Attend lectures (!!!), read the book, review lecture notes,  and study!!
4.5 : Peng Yu overall is a very great Professor. He's enthusiastic, very smart and wants to make sure you understand the material. There is a lot of reading, so just a heads up. Also classroom participation is mandatory, he wants to make sure everyone is reading the material and understands it. It's a tough class if you don't apply yourself.
3.5 : Great Instructor. Very willing to help.
4.5 : Heavy powerpoints for the first half of the semester . Otherwise, the class was very enjoyable. Easy material and not much homework.
5.0 : Professor Mahlik was awesome. This was my first philosophy class i've ever taken and she made me fall in love with it. Pretty basic stuff since I only took 101 but she made sure to go over everything extremely in detail and had no problem repeating herself as well as encouraged questions after lecture.
5.0 : I had her for my first year seminar. She teaches very well, and is clear about what she's explaining. My favorite professor so far. Dont be afraid to take her class she is awesome. Easy to learn from by just listening and doing the simple readings. Grading isn't hard and she never wants anyone to fail.
4.5 : Professor Mahlik is probably the nicest professor I've had at UWM. She is also a great lecturer, and she really wants you to get something out of her classes. Definitely not a pedant, but still knows how to make sure you learn. Knows the material well, guides you through readings. Take her if you get the chance.
4.0 : She is an easy grader teacher, but expect you to do your homework, and there is a final paper that need to be 8 pages long thats due at the end of the semester, but its not the end of the world, I don't like writing essays, and I wrote mine, and I got B+ on the final paper. I would like to have her again.  she takes attendance, but don't be afraid
5.0 : I'm an international and got an easy A. So should you. show up for class and just get the sense of what she's teaching. Do assignments. obviously. Final paper is evaluation of numerous sources. No pressure there
5.0 : She is able to make boring subjects more interesting as she does activities that make the topic a little more interesting to learn. There is a longer paper for the final, but the homework throughout the semester helps you prepare and start that final paper, so it's not too bad.
5.0 : Sam was awesome and so knowledgable! Relates to all her students, and gives assignments she thinks are actually worth your time. Makes every class fun and is great to be around!
5.0 : Such a great instructor! And she is super nice. Definitely take a class with her!
5.0 : She is AWESOME! Her expectations and feedback are very clear, if you follow the rubrics, her directions, and put the effort you will get an A. She uses examples and a lot of PowerPoints that make the assigned reading easier. Do not take the exams without reading the book though, only from the PowerPoints cause you will fail them. Work pays off here
1.0 : Everyone that's reviewing this professor calls her "Sam" as if they know her on a personal level. I received a "B" but it was very difficult to obtain compared to other 100 level courses I've taken. That's pretty much what I'm comparing the way she's teaching and grading me and other students. A lot of research and work will go into this class.
4.0 : Sam herself is great- she's very funny and personable. The projects themselves aren't that hard either. Her tests are harder and do require reading from the book, but overall it's a useful and interesting course.
4.5 : The class is very discussion based and participation is graded but she will not fail you if you're not big on talking often. 4 quizzes on D2L that aren't difficult. Instead of a final you make a mini magazine about women's rights (or whatever you want really) She very nice and a lot of fun.
4.5 : Overall, he is fair and clear. Read his instructions and do the assignments on time and you will be fine in this class. No final exam and his online assignments allow you to check your work as much as you need.  He always responds to emails!
4.5 : He always responded to discussion questions about homework and it always seemed to help.  Took this class online Spring 2015.  I was a little worried as I do not consider myself very good at math.  This class requires you to buy McGraw Hill Connect. VERY EASY to get homework, case studies done.  Could easily work ahead. Take it online!
5.0 : Really awesome professor. Gives practical life situations for Organizational Psychology.  Need book to study for exams (he gives specific study guides).  He even asks for feedback mid-semester and makes adjustments to make his lectures better.  really recommend his class if you need a BUS ADM elective.
5.0 : Anatomy and Physiology class, I had the nicest teacher ever. If I did not understand a subject, she would take time out of her own schedule to help me. She is very patient and gives good examples of things to make you think clearer. I am just grateful that she did not have an accent that I couldnt understand. I am so grateful for her vast knowledg
5.0 : Hands down my favorite teacher I have had. She really knows a lot about what she is teaching and cares about her students. She gives a lot of time in class to work on assignments and gives a clear rubric for assignments. Very nice teacher and helpful whenever needed. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!
5.0 : This teacher was the best teacher I have ever had! She was always willing to go the extra mile to help students succeed and was very open with students. Going to class was important and she made lectures interesting/fun with discussions and in class activities. You will learn a lot of interesting things in this specific class!
5.0 : Cynthia is an excellent teacher! I'm so glad I added this class at the last minute! She is very nice, open to ideasconcerns, always there to answer questions, and most importantly she CARES for all her students. Her assignments are super easy. Just readings, but EASY readings. Just show up and participate. Easy pass :)
5.0 : One of the best instructors ever
4.0 : No homework, tests or a final. You learn punches, kicks and situational moves for self defense on the street. Attendence and effort is graded. You WILL get real sweaty in this class. I learned a lot. The professor is a Milwaukee Police Officer.
4.5 : Good teacher. Class can be a little tedious at times, but learned a lot. I would definitely recommend her!
4.0 : Geography 120 online with Professor Hanes was extremely easy. The answers to the quiz come right from the slides so they're and easy A. I don't feel like I learned anything from this class, although the Professor was always kind and made the class easy to do well in.
5.0 : Kristin is so helpful, it is clear she loves teaching. The course goals are very clear as she goes through them many times. Is always available to help, responds really quickly to emails. No quizzes! Use DK handbook a few times.
5.0 : By far my favorite professor  in my college career thus far (going into my second year). I love her attitude, she cares deeply for her students. She responds quickly to emails and gives great feedback. She checks in with each student individually. If you are not thrilled to be taking English 101 you will soon see why this class will be beneficial.
4.5 : Very good lectures.
4.0 : She would often take a few minutes to review a concept from a previous course to make sure everyone remembered. Her tests are fair, and she gives a lot of partial credit. Overall a very fair professor who is there for her students, something pretty rare.
4.5 : Excellent professor.  I barley learned anything in circuits 1(305), but that did not matter.  Reyhaneh was able to teach concepts from previous classes while teaching you the new material without wasting any time.  She cares about students understanding the material and will slow down class to make sure everyone is on the same page.  Very fair prof
3.5 : I was on the fence about Stan until after the first exam.  There's no curve, but he gives you credit for work done.  Sometimes his pacing is way to fast.  Stay up on the Aleks homework to understand lecture, and be prepared to do a lot of assignments.
4.5 : Mr. Richardson is hands down the best teacher I have had at UWM so far. He really went the extra mile to help all of his students succeed and his kindness and patience really stuck out to me. His style of teaching is great because he lectures and then gives you a worksheet to apply what he has just taught you. It really worked for me personally.
5.0 : Stan is for sure the greatest professor I have had yet! Teaching style worked very well! I wish I could have him for calculus!
5.0 : Kendrick teaches the course using real-world examples and has real-world expectations. He doesn't expect a lot, other than mutual respect and honest effort and models the course based on student interest and ability. Tests were easy. A few papers, but not strictly graded. Excellent lecture content. One of a kind and I would absolutely recommend.
5.0 : Excellent professor. He is very knowledgeable of course material and is an excellent resource on topics the topics of Multimedia Applications and Information Security.
5.0 : I could write a paper on how wonderful of a teacher Mr. A was when I took COM103. I would not hesitate to take any class of his again. Cannot say enough good things about him, so I will just leave it at saying: Highly recommended. Very.
4.5 : Mr. Anderson was a great teacher. He genuinely cared about his students and he pushes you to do well. This class is two exams and three speeches. You'll have to put in some work to get an A but if you slack you will probably still end up with a B.
2.5 : Not a very understanding professor when it comes to students, as well as a horrible communicator via email. If you're going to take Comm 313 Human Communication In Technology, be ready for some idiotic grading scales. The 3 main papers in the class are only weighted 20 points more than the online quizzes. D2L Partic-88, quiz-150, papers-170.
5.0 : Mr. A  is  down to earth, and a  good professor. He structures his class in a way that produces optimal performance from the students. His lectures are amazing. A lot of people put off Commun 103, but with Mr. A as your professor, you will leave this class feeling a lot more confident about public speaking. He is also hilarious during lectures.
5.0 : Mr A was hands down one of my favorite professors here at UWM.  He loves to get to know his students and develop a strong professor/student relationship. He makes it clear that he is available to help and support his students. He made public speaking  go from being everyone's fear to something everyone could feel confident in.
5.0 : One of the most passionate teachers I've ever had.  Truly cares about his students.  Walked into public speaking afraid but walked out confident.
5.0 : I took this course online. He was very helpful and was very clear on assignments. I learned a lot in his course because of the way he teaches. Awesome instructor!
5.0 : Best professor I have ever had at UWM. He cares about his students and truly wants them to succeed. I put off taking Public Speaking for years because of nerves. However, Mr. A ensures that students feel at ease and come out feeling confident. If you have the chance to take a class with him, I highly recommend doing so.
5.0 : This class was completely manageable over the summer. It required weekly readings, assignments, and quizzes. The quizzes were difficult &amp; required you to really understand core concepts. Overall Prof Klos' class was really interesting and easy if you kept up with the material &amp; due dates! I would recommend this for anyone in the kin/health field
5.0 : Very helpful teacher. She isn't a native speaker which really helps with understanding. She always makes sure the whole class understands what she's teaching before moving on. Definitely recommend this class! Would take again! Amy is such a sweetheart!
5.0 : She's an incredible professor! She takes time to make sure everybody understands the material, and she's a good teacher -- her grammar lectures are clear and full of useful examples. She really cares about her students, and she really knows what she's doing. I really enjoyed her class.
5.0 : Passionate at teaching and puts a lot of effort into lectures. The class is revolved around participation which greatly enhances your understanding of conversational Spanish. She relates to students, and she will gladly help with any questions you have. I had not taken Spanish in high school, but after this class, I am considering minoring in it.
5.0 : Greg Smith is a LEGEND at the UW-Milwaukee campus. His 455 Financial Institutions class was pretty exciting for what is expected to normally be boring. Crazy smart. One complaint was his lecture were kind of long and mostly him talking. But like I said, Professor Smith brings straight fire to make up for it.
5.0 : Where do I start, Greg Smith is the man. It's always easier to pay attention in class to man as intelligent as Greg. He is a good character and can answer just about any question you have. A true professional.
4.5 : I took the 450 which is intermediate finance. She is nice and willing to help student to solve questions. Her class is pretty straight forward, the exam questions are very similar with homework and lecture examples. In addition, she provides an optional exam which you can take it again and replace the lowest score.
5.0 : I love Xiaoting Hao. Everything she teaches in class is on the exam. Very easy A. Would not take this class with any other professors
3.5 : Has a pretty thick Asian accent, but if you pay attention and listen, you mentally adjust to her voice and it's not a problem beyond 3-4 classes.
4.0 : Course is great!! SO important to understand history from the minority's perspective! It challanges everything you've previously known about American History! Alot of work though but she will work with you if you ask.
5.0 : Best math teacher! He is great at explaining tough math concepts! Very smart! Gives partial credit for problems if work is shown. Will meet with students if you need extra help. Always willing to explain further if students are confused in lecture as well as homework problems. He gives extra credit opportunities.  He wants his students to do well!
5.0 : Tom is very intelligent and cares about his students. He will stop and make sure everyone understands the material. He makes math very easy. He also goes through how everything is derived to make sure you understand it more. There is a good amount of homework, including an online textbook that you'll have to purchase, but the class is great.
5.0 : Tom is the best teacher I have had at uwm. He is dedicated, hard-working, relatable, and just gets it. He makes himself so available to students who need help and if you put in the effort you will get a good grade. He is the best TA I have ever had and I would absolutely recommend him. He is teaching math 104 in the spring, so take him
4.5 : Hes very good at lecturing. Probably one of the best teachers I have had in a while. He starts with the basics and builds up on what you know and makes sure to review topics that are important until you understand it. Homework can be long but there isn't many and it actually helps for exams, that usually never happens. Great teacher!
5.0 : Very nice teacher and takes time to answer any and all questions.  Material can be difficult but if you attend and follow along with demo problems it is very reasonable.
4.0 : Dr. Scolavino is very helpful, realistic about schools today and has the background knowledge of being a teacher himself. He is very involved and expects students to be just as active in the classroom. He will make you work, but you'll get a lot out of the class!
5.0 : Dr. S is the Best teacher I have had at UWM. He was the only person in the program that gives real advice on what you need to know during the interview process. Great teacher, great class. You gotta work to pass!
5.0 : Prof Kundrat is one of the best professors I have ever encountered. She is extremely passionate about teaching nutrition which made this class very interesting. It's only 1 credit so don't expect a lot but it's worth it if you're interesting in nutrition. There are a lot of speakers that come in &amp; no exams!
5.0 : There is a lot of material to learn in this class but Kundrat made it understandable and interesting. You can tell she is truly passionate about the subject. Come to lectures, study directly from her power point slides, &amp; complete the assignments. Easily passable.
5.0 : It is rare to get a college Professor who is as great as Prof. Kundrat.  Not only is she an amazing educator, but you can tell she wants her students understand the material, do well, and learn real world skills. That being said, you will have to take the time to go to lecture, complete assignments and read the material in order to do well.
3.0 : A LOT of reading! She's a great prof. Helpful one on one and in class. She gives extra credit if she feels generous, which she always is. Get ready for pop quizzes, lecture heavy. If you don't know chem or anatomy then you won't do good.
5.0 : I loved this Professor. She was easily to understand, the material we covered in class correlated to the exam material! I would highly suggest taking ANY of her courses. She is EXTREMELY friendly and she is one of the few professors that I know of that will go above and beyond for her students!
5.0 : KSA.  STUDENT SHOULD GO WITH HIM
5.0 : Chris is one of the greatest teachers/mentors in the school of Ed. If you work hard, and show respect, she'll come up to bat for you in a heart beat. Her response time to emails is fast and helpful. Make sure to listen to her advice on the Wisco Foundations of Reading Test.
5.0 : Jamie is the best professor I have ever had. Makes me excited for my future as an Urban Studies scholar!
4.0 : Andrew Bolanowski is a great instructor to have, especially when you are new to the subject.  He uses a lot of examples and the homework assigned is really good to do especially when learning the basic skills.
5.0 : field trips, research, design, guest lecturers, workshops, you name it. the class was very engaging.
4.5 : Marcel is a very good teacher. If you can get pass his strong german accent, you will learn a lot. If you show up to class, listen, and take notes you will pass this class no problem.
4.0 : Daugherty is a good guy. He often goes on tangents and makes it difficult to pay attention during lecture. He hands out a quiz after every lecture, usually its based off of what we covered in class (slides) .  A final and a midterm pretty rough. Also has you read case studies and write a report each  week. Lot of busy work.
4.0 : Very clear cut class, quizzes every week along with reading reports and a homework problem. Nothing unmanageable. Exams are not to be he gives a good review before hand. Hes a good teacher and explains topics well.
4.0 : There's a lot of homework but sometimes he starts it in class with you. Class will give you the building blocks for every assignment so follow along, participation is not necessary. He does allow you to collaborate with other class members for assignments.
5.0 : Best doctor for classes take him for a good time
5.0 : Amazing professor. The course itself is hard but if you read the material and come to lecture, you'll do fine. The only homework he gives are exams but they are super short and relatively easy. The exams are hard and he offers no extra credit so make sure you study for them. He's super accessible too and awesome in general.
1.0 : He's not the best professor for GER. GER is just basic course, not advanced major course! It has to be normal or sometime easy to get A. Everyone has different majors and different levels even most people are not majoring in sociology. His exams are crazy and so tricky. I wouldn't not recommend him. Don't take him.
2.0 : I mostly like his lecture, but hated his exams. I tried to take easy course for GER but it was my mistake. Exams were so tough.
4.5 : Awesome professor!!
4.0 : There will be a reading every single night. Study everything for the tests because they are hard. Essays are really easy (1 page) more like reading responses. Lectures aren't boring but they do feel long. He's not a bad professor but it's not an easy A even though it is a GER.
5.0 : He's probably the best professors I've ever had. If you are looking for an easy A I wouldn't recommend him. He's really passionate about his work. Articles are LONG but for the most part he covers the important part of the article in class. Super nice and always willing to clarify whatever you don't understand.
5.0 : Not a difficult class. Understand the concepts, do the reading, and listen and take notes in class. I received a perfect grade in the class and I didn't have to do an excessive amount of studying. Fun, enthusiastic professor with interesting lectures.
3.0 : He's a good teacher and knows what he's doing. Can be a little political. Since he's young, he understands some problems we face, helps you out if you need it. read the books, articles on D2L, and pay attention. His test are kind of hard.
5.0 : O'brien is one of the best teachers I have ever had. He goes over the material in lecture very well. I highly recommend him. He is very into what he is teaching and knows sociology very well. Make sure you study for the tests and take advantage of office hours if you need help. He is very easy to talk to
3.0 : Thought this class was going to be an easy A.  The exams were nearly impossible, even after studying for hours on end.  His lectures are very thorough, but the exam questions were very difficult.  There are 5 papers throughout the semester that are easy, but there's lots of articles to read.  Wouldn't recommend this class.
4.5 : Pretty handsome young teacher. His expectations are clear. Because he's a young teacher, he's more understanding of special circumstances, and doesn't grade as harshly. Don't let that fool you though, cause his tests are hard. Anything in lecture, textbook, and presented articles are fair game on the exams!
5.0 : His class is pretty good. He gives good information and is a good teacher. Everything that's on the study guide is on the exam so if you don't know the study guide the tests are tricky.
5.0 : Tim O'Brien has had very interesting lectures throughout the semester and has always kept the class engaged. There wasn't a whole lot graded throughout the semester, only 6 essays (about a page each) and 3 tests.
4.0 : He is a super nice guy, very helpful, and fairly lenient on grading.
5.0 : Charles is a wonderful professor and can really broaden your horizons when it comes to writing. His classes are discussion based and a joy to attend due to him being very witty. He will give helpful feedback about what works and what does not on essays as well as sound advice. Also a great guy to just have a discussion with about books and writers.
5.0 : This online class was super easy as long as you keep up with it. I had a easy time doing all the work online. I never showed up to class and still got an A.
5.0 : You only meet once a month and everything is done online. You have to pass every test with 100% before moving on so you always get a 100% and the final is all the test questions.  She replies to emails quick, this was not a hard course.
5.0 : Finished the whole class in 5 days. If you have take any anatomy/upper bio classes then this one will be very easy. Online chapters were all self-paced and easy in my opinion. There was a midterm and final exam which had around 200 questions but the material covered was all information we covered. I finished with a 99% with minimal effort.
3.0 : Most of the course was online, and class only met five times out of the semester. Pretty easy as long as you completed the online modules.
5.0 : Super easy class, don't need to show up to lectures necessarily because all of the coursework is done online! Just do the work (not hard) and you should have no problems!
5.0 : Easy
3.5 : Super easy class. She records all her lectures and puts them on D2L so you really don't even have to attend class. The homework can be time consuming if you don't keep up with it but it's very easy. She also gives a lot of extra credit toward the end of the semester.
5.0 : Took his 201 Financial Accounting. Got a B+. Print all his slides and show up for class, take notes, go to discussion, do your wileyplus homework and you'll pass easily.
5.0 : Great professor! He makes lecture interesting and truly enjoys teaching. He is a great story teller and you will hear many interesting stories about his firm and his early days in accounting
5.0 : Professor Konkol is by far one of my favorite professors! He makes class interesting with real world examples and explains everything very well. Test are worth 75% of your grade and you only take three of them (worth 25% of your grade each) so study hard!
3.5 : This class was the most difficult class I've ever taken. Even though we got to use a note card for the exams, they were still really difficult. Examples in class are way easier than the test questions, and we did a lot of business taxation even though it's an individual taxation course. Never even did a 1040, which would be the most helpful thing!
5.0 : Best professor I ever took! Great and funny lecturer and well respected by students.
5.0 : LOLed pretty much every class. Dr. Mandell did a great job of making an otherwise dry topic fun and entertaining. He was knowledgable about the topics he discussed and went beyond individual, which was great for tax 2 prep. He was also knowledgable about the tax path within public accounting. Overall: hilarious, organized, thorough.
5.0 : Professor Mandell is one of the best professors I've ever taken. Very clear, to the point, and funny all at the same time. He makes what many would label a difficult subject very enjoyable. He gives a thoroughly review before all tests (so you know exactly what to expect) and is very responsive to all student concerns. Would definitely recommend!
5.0 : This was a great class.  Lectures are easily as entertaining as Dr. Fischer's. Expectations are very clear and tests are thorough but fair.  Dr. Mandell is very responsive to all questions, either in person or via email, and seems to genuinely care about his students.  I highly recommend this class.
5.0 : She really listens to her students and goes out of her way to help her students through hard times
5.0 : Best professor in SOIS! Always tried to taking classes with Catherine. She has inspired me and her lectures and approaches have really stuck with me. Her classes and subjects are applicable and relevant. She has made a real impression on me and my outlook on public librarianship
5.0 : One of the best! Her lectures are engaging, easy to follow and memorable. I got a lot more out of this class than I thought I was getting at the time. Take notes and brace for a 15 or so page paper.
4.5 : All freshman have to take English 101, but I would say that Mr. Miner makes the class enjoyable.  He is  very helpful; he gives good advice, critiques, and notes.  I really appreciated having him as my English teacher because he helped me the most with transitioning my writing from high school to college style.
5.0 : great teacher
4.0 : Super nice and very interesting lectures!
5.0 : Absolutely wonderful professor and person. This guy bends over backwards to make sure his students understand the material and enjoy the course as much as he does! In this course you don't have to be a real genius to feel like you're in the movie Real Genius because he makes science doable for anyone interested! I highly recommend this course!
4.0 : Alex is a good teacher. He is very particular about everything he does. He goes in great depth when teaching yoga. He also has quizzes which are tough. I personally did not like the class just because of his teaching style. But overall he is a decent teacher. He also likes to brag about himself a lot.
4.5 : She knows that the main lecturer, Dr. Oliver, goes over a lot and tries to keep her lectures short and not double up on material already covered. She understands that we don't want to be there extra long and tries to make things go as quickly as possible. Also doesn't get mad if you mess up. Answers questions pretty well.
5.0 : Ray is super laid back and really cares about his students. He'll call you out if you don't try hard enough in the class, so work outside of class is expected. The class really isn't hard to pass if you put in a little effort though. Highly recommend the class and prof.!
5.0 : Amazing clinical instructor. She encourages feedback from her students about the class, adapts to each group of students and their feedback, focuses on the most important skills students need in the clinical setting and wants them to do well. She is very approachable, sarcastic/funny, and likable. Do your work, follow instructions and you will pass
5.0 : She is one of the most amazing professors in the department. She is very helpful and extremely knowledgeable. The course was one of the best courses I have ever taken. You learn a lot about the Nervous System focusing on specific disorders. Unfortunately, this was her last semester teaching this course.
5.0 : Dr. Witten is probably one of the best professors among all departments. A brilliant mind, that does not lack of inspiring students among her class. Her passion is extremely well balanced by a great understanding of the fields of biology, chemistry and pharmacology. Exams are a bit though, but if you listen, and apply yourself, you can get 100%.
2.0 : Exams are ridiculous. Power points are just pictures. Take good notes if you want a chance to pass.
5.0 : Dr. Witten was responsible for teaching the first half of Neurobiology. Well organized, and interesting. Take her advice to focus on the learning objectives. With Neurobiology and biology in general, it is easy to get caught up in the minutiae, if you are able to clearly answer the learning objectives, you should have no problems with the exams.
5.0 : If you haven't taken Khan as an instructor, please do! I don't even know what to say about him other than that he's great!
5.0 : Mr. Khan is there to get you prepare for real career (and/or life). His lecture directly translate to what people do at work. Pay attention, go to lectures and interact with him.
3.5 : As a teacher, he is not very strong. Assignments and projects have very little structure. He has very powerful insights into the industry, and is incredibly helpful if you see him during his office hours.
5.0 : Professor Khan is the type of professor you want to get to know professionally. Go to class, get your face recognized, and interact with the man. He is incredibly knowledgeable in the IE field and he tries his best to help you. The schedule isn't followed strictly, but he will share plenty of knowledge outside of it. Go to class and put the time in
4.0 : Matt is a great English professor, but there's a ton of reading to do and weekly online responses. He's quirky and has a weird streak but is very helpful. He makes the class interesting and is always there for help whenever you need it. The only annoying thing is he kept the five LOWEST quiz grades. Incentive to read, I guess.
4.5 : Super helpful, I have not taken spanish since sophomore year of high school. Did not remember much but with the help of this professor I am passing with a high A. Highly  recommend, would take many more courses with her.
5.0 : Jill was the only teacher I've ever had that made me not hate math class. She was clear,  and thoroughly explained every concept. Don't buy the textbook, she doesn't use it. She let us take all of our exams and quizzes open notes. So come to class and pay attention and you'll get a good grade. She also has an endearing quirky sense of humor.
5.0 : Jill is one of the best math teachers I have had! She explains things really well and clear. She always has time for each and every student and wants them all to succeed. Highly recommend taking one of Jills classes!
5.0 : Jill is the kindest professor ever that really wants students to enjoy and understand the material being taught. I learned a great deal from her and found it rewarding by being in her class. Love Jill!
5.0 : I LOVE Jill! She's hilarious! I had her for Math175 and changed my schedule so I could have her again for 176! The way she grades is funny and she always explains things in a manner where you could understand her, which is good, because professors usually speak too academically that you have to use a dictionary to understand them. Do the homework!
4.0 : Quirky. Definitely Quirky. But easy.  Really easy.  Jill will get you through it. She tells you exactly what you have to know and what you don't have to know.  Love that.
4.5 : She helps you on tests but you gotta be patient cause there's only 1 of her.
5.0 : I. Love. Jill. I had her for both semesters last year, 175 for Fall and 176 for Spring, &amp; she is one of the best math teachers I have had ever, minus one I had in middle school. I really didn't like math (I loathed it), and she made me love math. That is a feat. She is kind, really understanding, and she truly wants you to do your best. 10/10.
5.0 : Jill is the Queen of Math if you don't do well on an assignment, just let her know and she'll reset it. She always help you on the tests. You just gotta be patient.
4.5 : Jill is really great! She is really adamant on asking why you do things and you should expect a lot of writing but if you do the homework assignments and pay attention, even a little bit in class, you'll do great!
5.0 : Dr. Meyers is the only teacher that has made math enjoyable for me. Her Math 175 class was so enjoyable, which I thought I would never say. She made math fun and was very open to questions and/or help. I changed my spring schedule so I could take her again.
4.5 : Jill is really a wonderful professor! She is all about applying math to life experiences because she really understands the question "Where will I use this in life?" She has such a love for her students and is super passionate about everyone passing with a high grade! She's quirky, but you'll soon get to love her odd sense of humor too.
5.0 : Jill is honestly the best math teacher I have ever had. She makes math easy especially when you are bad at it like I am. I took math 175 with one of her colleagues and after taking it with Jill I wish I wouldve taken her the first time. Shes awesome and so willing to help during test as well.
4.5 : If you don't do good on an assignment let her know and she'll reset it. She'll also help you on all the test you just gotta be patient. But you still have to bring your own calculator. Jill is the Math Queen. You Go Girl :).
5.0 : Jill was good, she was accommodating &amp; helpful. She did a great job of explaining the material. If you ever didn't understand anything she was more than happy to help you. The test were pretty easy. If you take notes, do the homework (written and online), and study you should do just fine. Good luck on the Skills Test, that was just great.
5.0 : She's cool and hot
5.0 : Definitely recommend
5.0 : Chelsea was a really great professor! She was super easy to talk to and actually went out of her way to make sure you were doing well in her class. She follows her curriculum and puts forth the same amount of effort that she expects from her students! I'd take her again!
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had. He makes business law interesting and explains it in a way that is easy to understand.
4.0 : I took this course at 8am and I hate morning classes. And I'm terrible at class attendance normally. He made it really interesting to be there, fun lectures and clear grading. A lot of information so it isn't an easy class, but if you have to take business law, take it with him. Also exams are open notes and open books.
5.0 : Coming into this class I wasn't very excited to take American Sign Language. However, Katie's enthusiasm and character through her lectures inspired me to push myself in ASL and made class so fun. If you are a student who needs a language credit for your major or just want to start taking ASL, I 100% recommend taking it with Katie. She is AWESOME!!
5.0 : Katie Voss is one of the best teachers I have ever had. Today was my last day in her class and I am truly saddened that I will not be seeing her every Tuesday and Thursday. If you get the chance to have her teach you, you are lucky. Go to class, it is worth every minute!
5.0 : Katie is really a great teacher, she is very thorough and she wants feedback as well.  Yes, she makes you work for it but, it is totally worth it.  SHE WANTS YOU TO EXCEL IN ASL!!!!
5.0 : Little daily assignments. She's not afraid to get into it. Just don't be afraid to make mistakes. She has a lot of little mannerisms that make the class entertaining.
5.0 : Khuloud is one of the best professors I have ever had. She really cares about Arabic and the culture. She will bend backwards to help you succeed. She really gets into it during class and wants you to participate. You have daily homework assignments from the book and occasional quizzes and tests.
5.0 : Great professor. Took his Ecological Science Fiction class and he's one of my favorite professors. Sands is laid back and very intelligent person. He expects you to discuss in class and online in d2l. Class is usually unstructured but you learn a lot out of it (get in. discuss. leave). Funny guy. Good grader. Makes you read a lot but its worth it.
4.5 : Easily one of my favorite math professors! She's a sweet lady, and really cares how her students do in her class. She gives reviews for each of the three exams that are exactly like the real exam. Answers any questions you may have during the class period. I received 100% in the class.
5.0 : Easy A in English 102.
5.0 : This man is smart. He's tough, but thorough in his class. I went to every class, and sat in the front, and put a lot of effort into studying and was able to get a B. I feel like I learned a lot. It was tough, but I know Physics better because of his lectures. Many students are NOT a fan - he's tough, and grades tough, but there is a curve.
5.0 : Laura is AMAZING. She explains concepts very clearly and works through problems in a logical manner which is easy to follow and remember. Laura really cares about her students and is very accessible, she is also a very fair grader. We had 3 quizzes which were extremely difficult, but they are great exam study material. Class examples match exams.
5.0 : Best professor ever!!!
5.0 : Dr. Swenson was the best accounting professor I had the honor of taking. She genuinely cared about our success, and is a great source of information about public accounting. The expectations were clear and the examples she went through we're very throrough. The exams were fair and very doable if you go to class and study the examples.
4.0 : For being her first year at UWM, Professor Swenson was my favorite professor. She goes through problems in class just like how they are given on quizzes and tests. Come to class and you will do well!
5.0 : Shes an amazing teacher who really cares about helping you.
5.0 : She is very specific when it comes time to portfolio review. She wants you to pass and will try hard to help you make your essays the best they can be. She is a very nice professor and without her helpful qualities, I probably would not have passed portfolio review.
5.0 : Homework due every class, but thats to be expected with any teacher in English 101. She's super easy to talk to but definitely one of my favorite teachers!
4.5 : Highly recommend Ms. Duell! One of my favorites! She is very willing to help with any problems or questions. Has a good sense of humor and picks articles that college students are actually interested in. She is young so she understands what college is all about - gives a lot of time for homework and actually has interest in knowing you as a person!
5.0 : I love Dr. Ellis's class. She is super funny and very open. I had fun taking her class. It was an easy pass. As long as you do good in your assignments and discussionsnyoull pass with flying colors.
4.0 : I love her. She's an amazing women. Her tests are based off of her power points, and they are harder than you would think. She also has a paper that is longer than it needs to be to write about.
5.0 : Took this class for a cultural diversity credit, and boy am I glad I took it with Dr. Ellis. She is one of the best professors you will find at UWM. Very thoughtful of her students and wants all to pass. As long as you show up to class and pay attention to the PP's you will get an A.
4.5 : She was a really great and understanding teacher! She is hilarious and keeps the lectures interesting. I would recommend her as a teacher. She doesn't give a lot of homework and if she does, it's super easy. Attendance isn't life or death but it is helpful when you take your 10 question (super easy) quiz and again the lectures aren't boring.
4.0 : Dr Ellis was a great professor and very easy! all quizzes were online with unlimited amount of time to take them, so its easy to get 100 on all of them. One midterm and a final but nothing too difficult as long as you go over the main material from lecture. She is very one sided and opinionated on topics which gets old and can be insulting at times
4.0 : Dr. Ellis is amazing! She feels like a mom to me and she actually reads the work that you submit. She made my introduction to the nursing department at UWM amazing.  She's super accommodating and cares about her students.  You can learn what you need from not going to lecture but she does take attendance that is graded.
4.5 : Go to class, even if it may be boring at times, because attendance is factored into your grade. There are 2 tests, 2 papers, and weekly quizzes and reading responses. Easy class, just study her powerpoints and you will be fine. Dr. Ellis is also very funny.
3.0 : She is very knowledgeable about the topic and her lectures are interesting. She expects you to read everything and there were 3 books. You won't be able to pass without the books, you need them to participate. All of the work due for class were in paper forms and there were 4 different papers, all straight from the readings.
5.0 : She's very passionate about what she teaches, she really cares about her students. I enjoyed her so much I'm taking another one of her classes next semester! The class was easy just had to read a chapter a week which was summarized in lectures, 4 exams, 2 short papers, very interesting curriculum. (Text book required.)
5.0 : No textbook all readings are PDFs, BUT you must read and understand what your reading in order to pass the class. Lectures are great and help you understand readings. This class was not easy, but very passable. Keep up with readings, show up to class, and this is a very fun class.
4.0 : The topics were interesting and you do 2 presentations for the class. They are easy and he grades fairly. He is critical of people who do not speak in class and will call you out if you are not participating. He is sarcastic sometimes and it is hard to figure out sometimes. No book, just articles but you need to read them.
5.0 : Ben is a great instructor.  He is very helpful, will respond to student questions quickly, and the information he teaches is relevant and interesting.  Ben is one of my favorite instructors I've had at UWM, and this class was definitely one of my favorites as well.  I highly recommend Ben!
5.0 : Ben is an awesome professor - would definitely take again! Book was only used once for one paper so spending the money on it was kind of annoying. Also, he only allows one absence per semester - don't skip class!
5.0 : Was scared to do public speaking before this class. Not any more. Tells you exactly what he wants, is extremely nice, and responds to students' needs. 3 speeches, 2 exams, and some homework in between that all make up 800 points. Also offers extra credit. Also, as a business major this knocked out 6 credits in 3 (3 humanities and 3 pre-reqs).
5.0 : Fun guy that enjoys law and tries his best to help his students, but he's got a lot of them. The tests were the trickiest I've had at UWM, so do the reading and take good notes. Lectures were definitely the most helpful and narrowing down the large amount of content the book gives.
4.0 : Can tell he cares about what he is teaching and is passionate about it. Class goes by so fast because he has so many stories that relate to business law that he has experienced. Would take again.
4.0 : Keeps a boring topic interesting. Has high energy and good stories. Very full of himself though.
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had. If you go to lectures and actively listen to his stories you'll do well. He even went above and beyond to help me with a project from another class
5.0 : Saffold is one of the top professors at Lubar.  I highly recommend his class.  You MUST go to lecture.  When taking exams (with notes), go with what is discussed in lecture.  Saffold is a natural at teaching.  I was amazed at how he involved everyone  in his large class to participate.  He's approachable during office hours and gave great advice.
5.0 : Professor Saffold makes uninteresting material interesting. Awesome guy who knows his stuff. Typically the people who don't like him are those who don't come to class and expect to have a grade handed to them. Best professor I've had during undergrad.
4.0 : Saffold is a cool funny guy.  Knows what he's talking about but beware his tests are tricky.  Know the material all the way through, Connect helps.  His lectures are important although attendance is not taken it is highly encouraged.  If I were to grade him as a teacher I'd give him a solid A- or B+
1.0 : Would not accommodate me at all despite telling me he would
3.5 : Grade is only based on 3 exams (25% each) and online homework (25%). You get a cheat sheet (1 pg double sided) for each exam. Exams are all MC or T/F. Offers a "bad day deal" extra credit if you don't do so well on an exam. Definitely attend lectures for his notes, much easier to understand material in class than by reading the text.
2.0 : His lectures are very good! Makes the material very interesting! Only hate that he is horrible with providing test examples or problems for students to study in order to prepare for exams! Homework is always uploaded on Connect very late so BEWARE!
1.0 : Heavily glorifies drinking to a graduate school class. May be "cool" to undergrads but we are here to learn. Was off one day and told us he took a muscle relaxer. Came to class late. Tells us he will post things at certain times, but he is ALWAYS late. Says he will be in office hours but never answers the door.. Confronted him about it, got defensi
5.0 : Saffold genuinely makes you want to come to lectures. Half of the time in lectures is spent giving real world examples, pulling nothing from the slides, and just making sure people understand topics. He knows who comes to class, and is worth developing a good student-prof. relationship with. If he likes you, he'll ask if you want to go into law.
1.0 : He always puts the quizzes on Connect late. Brags during class and wastes a lot of time telling stories. Isn't very clear about the requirements of the course. Not great at communicating outside of class.
5.0 : Really enjoyed going to lecture. Although attendance was not taken I recommend going because most of it will be on the exam. Exams are difficult, I suggest going over the reviews provided on d2l. No homework just some quizzes online.
5.0 : Saffold is the best hands down. Great professor, gets the class involved, and grades fairly. 10/10 would recommend
4.5 : Saffold was the best professor I have had at UWM! 3 tests throughout the semester and he never puts anything on the exam that isn't covered in lecture. Classes aren't mandatory, but they are crucial to a good grad on the exam. His stories and examples really hammer home the content and he makes business law both exciting and easy to understand!
3.0 : Not very personable. Hard class and he treats everyone as if they're dumb. Thinks he's the greatest person to walk the earth. You may not have a choice to have him as a professor, so show up to class, pay attention, and study for the exams.
4.0 : Difficult class, but you will pass if you go to class. Professor Saffold lectures are hilarious and he makes class time go by fast.
5.0 : He it good. The course is easy to pass.
4.5 : You can get A easily.. And he wouldn't give below B if your attendance is good.
5.0 : Dan is a great professor who makes you think outside of the box.  He is inspirational and makes you enjoy his class.  His class is a must take!
5.0 : Dan makes you feel like you're in a conversation rather than a lecture.  I took his Honors 200 class, Writing Milwaukee, and have enjoyed every minute of it!
5.0 : Dr. Haumschild is by far the greatest Professor I have EVER had. He is so intelligent and insightful, every class was engaging and interesting. I had him for a class that examined genocide, but it ended up being so much more. If you want a class that leaves you feeling a better, more conscious person TAKE THIS CLASS (or any of his classes)
5.0 : Writing Milwaukee with Dan was an amazing experience! I left the course feeling more confident as a writer and more aware and appreciative of the city of MKE. Two large, independently driven assignments + participation made up our grade outside of class, and Dan led thoughtful discussions in class. He is a great (also funny/engaging) professor!
5.0 : Dan is by far one of the best professors I have ever had. If you enjoy learning and increasing your woke-ness, Political Bodies is the class to take. Dan genuinely listens to his students and allows creative discussions in class. He takes participation seriously but the material is so interesting you'll always have something to say.
5.0 : Professor Kirchman is an awesome teacher. She is kind and incredibly helpful. She constantly updates and adds to the German D2L page. She knows a ton about German culture and adds a bunch of extra cool stuff to the class like the Brothers Grimm tales and cool music and videos. She's one of the best teachers I've ever had. Highly recommend her.
5.0 : Every Sunday she would upload to D2L what was expected for the upcoming week! Mariya was always reachable and understanding! Plus she explained everything in detail, if you needed anything she was more than helpful
5.0 : She's super nice and helpful. Her one-on-one meeting are nice because she explains what to add and take out of your writing. She made class fun and writing easy!
5.0 : best teacher ever
5.0 : Take this class and the advanced class, they are amazing! Whether it applies to your major or not Alan is so much fun and so was the class. It's a great class to fill a time slot and you will have a lot of fun, even if you don't like acting, as he wants it to be a class to help you breathe during your week! Take this to fill your arts requirements!
5.0 : He is the best teacher I have ever had. He really cares about his students, he makes everybody laugh. This has nothing to do with my major, I'm taking it for art. But I'm taking advanced because it is that much fun!
4.5 : He was very helpful towards each student and explained everything carefully. He would extend deadlines if you really needed. The textbook was online and $100. But that's where you would take tests and do all of your homework, so you can't really get out of that. Also, make sure you really study the vocab.
5.0 : I chose him for 331 also! In 204 he was very clear with explaining both the material, and his expectations for the projects. He is enthusiastic and has a lot of knowledge in the field. He for sure made learning fun with the class activities that we would do, he has a very interactive teaching style, it's not a long boring lecture. I recommend him
4.0 : Herr Schaefer was awesome in 204 but you need to get ALL the online stuff because that is where you take your tests. He is also very vocab-oriented. He really gets you out of your comfort zone with actually speaking the language and makes us feel like it's perfectly fine to make mistakes, which I need personally as a learner.
5.0 : Obviously showing up for class is important for learning a language but I honestly didn't mind going to his classes. He made learning German pretty fun.
4.0 : He is a great professor. The class is very fast pace in the begining but he is very helpful with his feed back. The assignments aren't really graded on how they are done but to see of you made improvements throughout the semester. Also very understanding person if you have any issues and usually responds to email quickly even late at night.
4.0 : Prof. McClanahan was good. Not too difficult, but she can tell if you aren't reading the material if she does she starts giving pop quizzes. Papers weren't too long, final exam wasn't bad either. Would take again.
5.0 : Be ready to read ALOT! The books and all of the short reading are VERY interesting! She does assign 50+ pages per day, but after you start reading, you will find yourself well ahead! Participate in class, read, and do your homework and you will do great!
4.0 : Annie Mcclanahan, is a cool teacher. If you hate reading, this class is not for you. There were also a lot of essays in the class as well as a final exam. The final exam was pretty straight forward, make sure you show up to class and post on the discussion board. Take this class, if your other classes don't have a heavy workload.
4.5 : Jenni was super helpful when it came to refining essays. She was amazing in helping form ideas when the concept I came up with was rough and unrefined. I got an easy A through her teaching and helpfulness.
5.0 : Jenni is amazing!! She is by far one of the most helpful profs that I've ever had! I've received an A on almost every paper and assignment that I've completed for her class. She gives the best feedback on papers and helps you almost every step of the way. Make sure to keep up with your journals!
4.0 : Pietsch was always concise and clear about his grading criteria. Always making sure students understood the material and even willingly stayed after lectures to go over things that could have been unclear. Great at explaining things and extremely knowledgeable on the subject. Definitely a good teacher choice!
5.0 : Amazing professor. Young guy who knows how to really teach the material. I would say he's the best math teacher I've ever had. Is very clear about what you did wrong on tests and makes the tests exactly like the lectures. Would highly recommend taking him.
5.0 : Brian is a great teacher. this is my second time taking calc2 Brian made the material very easy to understand and made it clear what was covered on each test. weekly quizzes covering the 2 previous sections covered. Highly recommend taking if you need to take 232. pretty good curve, all but 1 or 2 people didn't pass tests, they didnt show up.
5.0 : An extremely intelligent and knowledgeable teacher. Has high expectations. Lectures were very interesting and insightful.  A written summation of textbook reading assignment due weekly. Essay/ short answer mid-term and final and one group presentation at end of semester.
5.0 : I had the absolute pleasure of experiencing Dr. Campbell give a lecture on the neurophysiological and cognitive evolution of the human brain supported by European Paleolithic cave art patterns through time.  This was the BEST lecture at the conference by FAR.  He was "exquisite" with the perfect amount of his absolutely charming humor. Inspired ME!
5.0 : Great course
5.0 : I am now taking my third class from Professor Smiraglia and I think he is great. His materials are well-organized and clearly presented, as are his expectations. I think he has a special talent for connecting with students and gives great feedback.
3.0 : I wish Smiraglia had videos or more information. I felt under-prepared to do assignments and it was not fun to create the records. That said, you do get an automatic 100 percent on the work and you aren't required to discuss too much. Very mixed feelings about the class.
5.0 : Awesome teacher! Always makes sure that you are prepared and know what is going to be done in the class! (Including dates for important projects). Also really funny, just a fun class and awesome teacher!
5.0 : Absolutely the sweetest professor in foreign language. She is interesting and always upbeat, and tried constantly to make class fun and engaging. Also provides excellent feedback.
5.0 : Mrs. Wang or Wang Laoshi is the head of the Chinese program at UW-Milwaukee. She teaches various levels of Chinese language, as well as Chinese culture courses. One of the best teachers I have ever had, as long as you're willing to show up and want to learn you will learn something new every class and enjoy your time doing it. Would recommend.
5.0 : Mrs. Wang is incredibly dedicated to helping her students gain understanding of Chinese language and culture. She makes it clear that if you are willing to attend and put in the needed effort to learn the language, you grade will reflect it. She is genuinely warm hearted and interested in her students' success in the class and in learning Chinese.
4.0 : Don't skip class since there's a quiz every day. It's pretty hard, but worth every second of class participation. Why else would you take a class if you didn't want to learn?  Wang is extremely helpful and kind and grades well. Just do the work, study outside of class, and you should be fine.
1.0 : Never have been more lost in my life.
3.0 : The person that rated her before me put that they took EE 243... that's not a class. She's really quite great as a teacher; clear with her examples, and the homework is very relative to what you do in class &amp; on tests, plus she gives decent reviews before tests.  You have to go and takes notes every class or else you'll be screwed
5.0 : I really like her teaching style. Overall, great use of example in class which helps to understand the math. She is very helpful in office hours.
5.0 : I truly believe her lectures are a great help to understand the math and is worthwhile to come. She is always encouraging students to think about examples and ask her questions.  As far as clarity goes, she is doing a good job giving the lecture. The aspect I like most is the examples she went through in class which are great.
1.0 : One of the worst teachers I've had so far.  Long monotone lectures with little relation to real world applications.  Teaches by example with absolutely no explanation to a systematic process.  Easier to skip class and learn from tutors.
5.0 : Very methodical and clear steps in solving the problem. She is doing a great job in covering material thoroughly and neatly. All subject matter on tests, quizzes, and homework was always gone over previously in class. The best professor, Ive ever had in math.
5.0 : We had homework and quiz on a weekly basis which meant you couldn't slack off. All of these assignments helped study for the tests. Moreover, she provided decent review before quizzes, midterms and final. She was very helpful during office hours and cared that students learned. Fair grader, great professor.
5.0 : I completely failed the first exam becuase I skipped lecture. Bad idea. Her lecture made the tough book material a lot easier to understand. I went to her for help and I got good grade in the next exams. Go see her for help if you have any problems. She is amazing and cares about students!
5.0 : The best math professor I had.
5.0 : I left the class with a much better understanding of the material. Her methodical teaching style helped me gain the confidence to not only pass the class but to excel and reach my desired grade in the course.
5.0 : Great teacher, really enjoyed this class. Tough but I learned a lot.
5.0 : He's very real and very understanding if you keep an open line of communication. His exams are hard only if you don't study or pay attention. He doesn't give out study guides but the week before the exam, he will leave room for you to ask questions and he will briefly go over what he'll cover on the exam so don't miss this class if you can help it.
4.5 : Ky was awesome! So helpful!
5.0 : This guy is all over the place. He continues to relate all topics back to jellyfish for some reason.
5.0 : Her online Business writing (ENG 205) class was amazing. She was very clear about the assignments. She gave good feedback, easy grader, friendly, and best online teacher. The work load is not a lot either! Take her class! The things she taught was very practical to the real world!
5.0 : He is an awesome professor, clear on what he needs and very helpful when you need him! he tries and makes the lecture less boring by throwing jokes here and there. He's the best professor I have taken for biostat! LOVE HIM
3.0 : Birds of Wisconsin ended up being an easy A. The class itself was not as exciting as I thought it would be, but Professor Dunn is clearly passionate and excitable when it comes to birds. The grade is based on weekly quizzes and a couple of field trips. Not the most exciting course, but learn about birds and get outside while earning easy credits.
5.0 : Easy A. Textbook not needed. Class is a bit boring and repetitive but he is clear with what is going to be on exams and homework. Do Extra credit!
3.0 : He presents the material clearly, and tells you what to know for the exam clearly. His homework assignments are easy and straightforward.
5.0 : Highly recommend! Stats isn't the easiest but he does break it down to be understandable. He offers lots of extra credit and most of the class passed with an A! There were 2 exams, 6 homework assignments, and 1 in-class group activity which was fairly easy. If you need an extra elective I would definitely take this even if you hate stats!
4.5 : Joe Peschio is the greatest professor. He hates children but loves Russian literature and is very informed about Russia and its culture. He also teaches Russian languages courses.
4.0 : I took a Survey of Astronomy course with her and loved it! Professor Caudill is very nice and understanding; some of my peers found her lectures to be kind of boring but I thought they were very engaging. She is very accessible outside of class and as long as you do the weekly quizzes and practice exams, you should easily pass the class.
4.5 : Lectures and power points are very thorough and concise, if you study just those you should be guaranteed at least a B on the tests. All lectures are online so you don't necessarily have to go to lecture. She made me enjoy Psych so much and she made the course very manageable. There are 5 tests, but lowest grade gets dropped!
4.0 : There is no homework and only 5 exams, the lowest exam is dropped. All lectures are videoed and posted on D2L as well as power points. The lectures last between 30-40 minutes so class usually end early.
4.0 : A good choice for this class. Knows her stuff and uses the online environment well.
5.0 : Love working with Mary. She knows how to successfully deliver an online course, and so long as you follow her rubrics to a T and do the work you'll get a good grade. Her classes are "easy" (no big final project, with medium-sized projects spread throughout the semester) but you still learn a lot. Can't wait to take more from her!
5.0 : flex class, good teach with clear and useful materials
4.5 : He's a good teacher that is passionate about what he teaches. If you show up to class and pay attention you'll pass. He explains things thoroughly and the tests are easy.
5.0 : Luca has a clear passion for Philosophy and does an excellent job at relating abstract topics to reality. He lays out his lectures in a way that if you don't show up you miss some content, but really if you had a friend there taking notes you'll be just fine.  Overall the class was pretty easy. If you show up to lectures/discussions you'll pass.
4.0 : This class was fairly simple, graded by a few quizzes and "exams" given online as well as a few discussion leadings in class. The exams are in an interesting format, consisting of a few short answer questions and an essay question. You can get an A in the class without doing the readings, but it helps to put effort into the papers.
5.0 : Loved Professor Lohman! Very knowledgable on his skill set and made every lecture really worth your while. Gave great feedback and insight and made me want to learn even more outside of class. Lives a very interesting life, and is open and honest with his students. Would recommend 100%!
5.0 : Love this man. Never a boring class, and never assigns too much work. He will open your eyes to the world. Wish I had more classes with him.
3.0 : Pretty chill for the most part, lectures way to long. Expects you to be a genious at writing. What more was the problem in this class was his two TA's. Tough graders and so,therefore I believe he punishes hard and makes his TA's punish you hard. Its an okay class, nothing too exciting.
1.5 : Not always helpful &amp; does not always follow the rules/guidelines he stated in his own syllabus. His TA's are even less helpful if you have a question &amp; they grade really hard. He also does not post grades on D2L nor does he post any announcements or changes in the class. The topics of the class are awesome but the conduction of it is sub par.
2.0 : I was excited to take this course but that quick disappeared when Eric Lohman failed to ever teach dialogues outside of the heterosexual cis white person. If you are a person of color or identify with LGBTQ+ I would not recommend this class because he is very complicit with the structures of heteronormativity and all around whiteness.
4.0 : I really like this class and Eric's lecturing style. He makes the lectures funny, interesting and full of content. Which is good because you cannot pass the quizzes each week if you don't go to lecture. I would recommend him!
5.0 : Eric Lohman has been my favorite professor thus far in my college career. He is very passionate about his work and gets really into his lectures. Because of this, the hour and 15 minute lecture seems like you've only been sitting there for 30 minutes. The weekly tests and papers are easy as long as you go to lecture.
4.0 : Has a good sense of humor and is pretty laid-back. Interesting topics and power points as well. Not sure about past semesters but this semester he has weekly online quizzes that are pretty doable if you attend lectures. A pretty easy class in all.
5.0 : Lohman is SUCH A FANTASTIC professor! Makes the lectures so interesting and engaging. He's so funny too. Make sure to attend class if you wanna pass the quizzes.
5.0 : Stephanie is an awesome assistant professor. She is super quirky but extremely nice. Soc 224 is a very interesting class. She does a great job of teaching this course. Would highly recommend to anyone! Exams are easy and the final is a paper. Definitely need to put in some work for this class but you will get a good grade with some effort!
5.0 : Great class for learning about racism in America.  take it!
5.0 : Stephanie is one of the most interactive, high energy teachers I have had at UWM. Although attendance is not mandatory, there are sometimes easy pop quizzes which she uses as an attendance grade (I think we had about 10 last semester). I barley used my book and they have it in the library at uwm if you need. We had 4 and 3 exams: all super easy.
5.0 : Candice is by far the best teacher I've had so far at UWM. She really knows what she talks about and always allows room for discussion. As long as you show up and turn in your work, you're golden. I really only used the text book for the group presentation on a single chapter and maybe a few of the readings.
5.0 : This professor changed my life and made me for the first time ever comfortable to share in the classroom setting. Her intro to WGS course was incredible and I learned so much valuable information to carry with me. I went into college thinking I would major in journalism but have switched to WGS. Her energy is so positive when she speaks too.
5.0 : Great teacher, great course. Very easy to pass if you participate and do your reading. The lectures were always informative and interesting and there was lots of room for discussion to relevant topics (re: is Beyonce a feminist icon). Highly recommend this class and prof!
5.0 : This guy has been very helpful and really knows how to teach students VERY well. I'm truly inspired.
5.0 : He's very helpful teacher and answers your emails in a very timely fashion. He also has a great personality accompanied by his great fashion sense. If you love music, he's your guy.  :)
5.0 : He is really interactive even with the class being fully online. He makes sure to provide feedback to all students on their posts, and additional feedback on grades. The class consists mostly of quizzes and discussion posts which aren't hard and is an easy A if you follow instructions and do the readings. He provides scans of the book.
5.0 : He is by far one of the most dedicated and most understanding instructors I've had at UWM. Not only does he thoroughly go through the materials, he provides deep insight that makes your understanding of the subject even better. Definitely recommend.
4.5 : This class is super easy online. Just make sure you stay on task, pay attention to what he's looking for, and complete all the assignments (read: discussion posts) and quizzes on time, and you should get an easy A! The long readings are completely unnecessary for the quizzes as long as you look over the Powerpoints and can use Google.
5.0 : His lectures are amazing. He understands that we're students and we have lives and so homework is scarce. Just show up and study and do the in-class assignments. He takes criticism via D2L so he can improve now instead of later. He's a real funny guy and his lectures are a lot more hands on and applying to different real life cases. 10/10.
3.0 : She wants students to like her and doesn't keep track of grades, but is easy. However, for each of the four assignments she takes weeks and weeks to grade them and the final project that is a group project worth 30% of your grade, she doesn't take any notes on your presentation and says she will put the grades up in an hour, then weeks later hasnt.
5.0 : Shannon was one of the best professors ive ever had at uwm. She has personal experience in law--was an attorney for years. She doesn't always stick exactly to the grading criteria she introduces in the first week, but realizes if she forgets to assign something and takes it out of the final grade. VERY personable and understanding. 100% recommend
4.5 : This class defiantly requires a lot of work and the material is NOT easy, however professor Frick explains it very well. The weekly online quizzes are pretty detailed and need some book reading but for the exams he tries to get the main topics on there. Study his lecture slides and take good notes and you should be fine!
5.0 : He is one of the best proffesor so far! So, so, so inpsirational, makes me love music even more! Personally I just wanted to take the class so I can play the piano. Easy A for a 3-cred class to get and you don't have to play the music well. There's barely any homework!
5.0 : Super nice! Gives a lot of extra credit opportunies! Definitly do her learning objectives, they're practically the study guide for the exams. Totally would take her again.
5.0 : The most organized class I have ever taken. She keeps it very clear what you need to do to pass her class. If you follow her tips for exam preparation, you will not get lower than a B on each exam. Lots of extra credit opportunities makes it very hard to fail her class.
5.0 : With four years and two universities under my belt, I can say confidently say Sam is one of the best professors I've had. Her Psycology 101 course is flawlessly organized and straight forward with overly generous amounts of EC. It's very refreshing to have a professor that takes her job very seriously and puts in the extra effort for her students.
4.0 : Gives a lot of extra credit opportunities, puts all her lectures online in all kinds of formats, and you can skip all the classes but you can still pass if you watch crash course psych on youtube. Tries to "relate to the younger people" and fails but its pretty funny when she does.
5.0 : Really nice.  She knows what she talking about.  Sometimes has an annoying voice.  I liked the topics. She was very clear in lessons.  Know anatomy for the exams.
4.0 : Shes nice. She sometimes talks at the class like we are dumb. Easy A if you put at least an hour into studying.  Also easy topics and easy to follow lectures.  Make sure you know anatomy before the exams.
5.0 : Sam was a great instructor. She knew what she was talking about and made it all super easy. If you just go to lecture and pay a little attention, you'll pass. When I took her class she even posted her lectures online. Average exam scores are generally 80 ish, but she has a lot of extra credit opportunities. Just pay attention, it'll be fine.
4.0 : She's knows what she's doing, gives a ridiculous amounts of extra credit!! Examples relate to what is going on in the world at that moment, and they're really easy to understand. Textbook is not really mandatory but if you really want to get an A, READ THE BOOK! And it also online!!
5.0 : Sam is pretty cool, she kind of talks at the group like you re a bunch of children but you get used to it and you actually learn some interesting thing. She is very passionate when she teaches and can be funny sometimes.
4.0 : You feel like a kid in lectures but Sam makes sure she makes herself clear and is always open to questions. It's obvious that she cares and wants everyone to pass, therefore she offers many extra credit opportunities. I would say it's hard to fail this course with her.
5.0 : She is an excellent professor! She speaks clearly and repeats things and gives examples, making for easier comprehension. There is also a lot of extra credit offered, both in class and outside of class. The book she also offers freely online, so you won't have to pay for it. Everything is super organized, it's hard to not pass her class.
2.0 : EASY A. Sam offers a ridiculous amount of extra credit, the exams are straight off of the learning objectives, she offers online exams and quizzes that can be taken multiple times, free access to the textbook, pretty much the easiest class ever. Her voice is hard to listen to and she can be very patronizing so have fun in lecture.
5.0 : super nice! Gives a lot of extra credit opportunities , very organized lecture
4.0 : Li ya was cool and laid-back. As long as you read and somewhat pay attention in class, the exams are super easy. Quizzes are given at the beginning of each class but they're usually just one or two questions about the assigned reading. Lectures can be long and boring but overall nice funny teacher and easy exams!
5.0 : Took this class online. Very easy. She was very nice and fast at communicating.
5.0 : Hassan is very knowledgable, funny, and clearly loves the material he teaches. The course material is VERY heavy, so studying consistently is a must. He is very reasonable though, and does everything he can to make sure his students succeed. Take advantage of quizzes and assignments, they'll help on exams. Thanks for a great semester Dr. Hassan!
5.0 : This is really good course with an amazing professor. He is funny, intelligent and really helpful. Wide range of microorganisms and what disease they cause which I found it super practical and engaging. three exam and a final and you get  four practical tests before the actual ones. Don't cram! study each day! you will get an A 100%.
4.0 : I enjoyed Hassan's Microbiology class a lot. There is a lot of information to learn and I feel like he did a good job. He was always telling us that we could get A's in the class if we were motivated enough and he welcomed students to come meet with him if they were struggling or stressed out. I felt like he really cared about his students.
5.0 : Dr. Hassan is an amazing professor. He clearly explains the material and ensures that every student understand it before moving on. He is the type of professor you email at 9pm hoping to get a reply in the morning, and you will be surprised to see a response by midnight. He is accessible and open to revising lectures with students outside of  class
5.0 : Dr. Hassan is passionate about teaching. He really wants students to succeed. He loves Microbiology and has experience in the field. He is very clear on what will be covered on exams. Practice exams and worksheets will be helpful in studying for exam. The nature of Micro requires lots of memorization. Take advantage of notecards on exam if allowed.
5.0 : He is obviously very passionate about his profession as it shows in the way he lectures. He genuinely wants you to learn and understand the material. He will take time to answer questions and gives great feedback, but don't think it's an easy A course . You've got to put in the work. I would recommend and would totally take a course from him again.
5.0 : Dr. Hassan's Medical Microbiology course was challenging, but fulfilling. He was easy to get ahold and meet with after classes. His email response time was very fast. I would highly recommend taking Dr. Hassan's classes, he knows his stuff and he truly cares about his students learning.
5.0 : Interesting class. Brian engages in discussion weekly with students. As long as you keep up with your discussion posts and replies the grading is very easy. Two papers and these are also graded fairly. Amazing GER class, we looked at the "horror genre" and all our assignments/readings were both varied and fun. Overall 10/10 would take again.
5.0 : Brian is awesome. He's a genuinely good person who cares about his student's success. He assigns several small papers for homework but does give quite a bit of assistance. He's also hilarious and engaging with the entire class.
5.0 : Dr. Alberto is both a great professor and person. Personally reaches out to students who do well in his class. Overall, the class is not only easy, but extremely relevant if you are involved in any form of undergraduate research. "R" Homework can sometimes be a pain, but its a small amount of the grade. Pay attention to the review slide shows.
5.0 : Hilary was an awesome educator to have. She was always very clear with her instruction and made sure that everyone knew what was expected. She is very open minded and you could tell that she really does want everyone to receive an A. Hands down, one of the best teachers I've ever had.
5.0 : Great professor. I would HIGHLY recommend her. She truly cares about her students, you can tell immediately. If you attend all her classes or miss 2 or less you get extra credit. She is extremely helpful and definitely accommodates to your needs. I have recommended her to many of my friends and will continue to do so!
4.0 : Very knowledgable and has a clear love for her subject. There's one large project worked on throughout the semester and she offers so much feedback and help on it to make sure you pass. Very enjoyable class. You do need to read but a lot of the reading comes from online material.
5.0 : amazing overall
5.0 : Weekly small papers, quizzes, and discussion posts + Final exam &amp; final paper. The topic itself is kind of a repeat of KIN 365 but it was still interesting. The class was fairly easy as long as you kept up with the work every week and there was an extra credit assignment offered.
5.0 : Online class required discussion posts, weekly assignments, &amp; quizzes. There was a lot of reading I had to do but we also focused on incorporating mind body practices into our lives. Being able to experiment with the different types was both fun and educating. 1 Final Paper &amp; a major project as well.
5.0 : The only way to purchase the textbook is through a bundle online which was  $100+. Final grade was composed of lab reports, 2 exams, &amp; discussion posts. Overall it was an easy class &amp; attendance isn't factored into the final grade.
5.0 : She made learning a foreign language much less intimidating than expected. Very realistic expectations and willing to help students during or after class as much as necessary to ensure success.
5.0 : Take it, don't think twice. Online is better than in person by a mile.
5.0 : Please take this class online. You will thank yourself for doing so. Good class with information about market research. Easy A if you read the powerpoints.
5.0 : Responded to emails quickly.  TA was helpful in reminding the class about schedule changes. The concepts were easy to understand. Great to take for a business elective (surprisingly).
5.0 : I took the class online. Clear lectures are posted on D2L with quizzes on each chapter. If you read the lectures, you will do fine on the quizzes.
5.0 : AMAZING TEACHER!! I wish he taught more English classes - show up to class and participate and you will do great! I spent a lot of time and had a touchy final paper subject (final paper is pass fail and then prof grades you) I got a pass and ended the class with an A - absolutely loved his class -younger too so he's super cool! would take him again
5.0 : In short, he is an amazing instructor for MATH 116! He knows the material very well and also has the understanding of how to deal any problem which is understandable to the students. If you take his class then you will notice how easy any mathematical problem is if the instructor is good enough.
5.0 : In one sentence, he is an amazing math instructor I have ever had.
5.0 : The teacher gave us all the tools available for online class. Full practice exams, always answered emails, and was happy to help. His emails were always encouraging. This was the best run out among all the online classes I have ever taken. The teacher is still what makes a class great even if it's online.
4.0 : I took Math 231 with this instructor during summer 2016. He is a great instructor, he should show other math teachers how to instruct difficult concepts. He breaks things down and explains very well. Best math teacher I've had. Make him teach 233 &amp; 232 Please but unfortunately he is not my 232 instructor this semester.
5.0 : No quizzes or test but lots of papers/projects. She does give feedback and then let's you resubmit to get a better grade though. Very helpful and will even help you plan out your whole degree schedule. Can't wait for my next class with her!
5.0 : Dr. Conceicao was very organized in her D2L modules, had clear deadlines and descriptions for the assignments, and the readings were relevant/worked cohesively with the exercises. Would recommend and am already looking to take a class with her again, as she was able to frame the material in a comprehensive and meaningful way.
5.0 : Lots of homework and she is a teacher that very much wants you to think about what you're doing and why you're doing it. She is extremely nice and very forgiving on grades and assignments as well. Definitely a teacher that just wants you to learn in the most effective way you can and cares about you doing well in the class.
5.0 : Molly is one of the best teachers I've ever had. She cares a lot about her students and gives everyone a chance to improve. The class (Film TV and masculinity) is AMAZING. Molly is full of energy and ideas. She's one of the teachers everyone should have at least once in one's life because she wakes something up within her students.
5.0 : Molly is such an amazing teacher! She has this combined teaching style of laid-back yet engaging, which makes you WANT to participate. Yes there are some heavy readings, but your personal opinions are also welcomed in discussion (and are respected). Molly really appreciates effort and her upbeat attitude makes that easy to strive for.
5.0 : Molly is the type of instructor that you'll remember long after your departure from the university. It'd be easy - and even potentially lazy - to note that she is kind and easy to talk to and call it a day. But I find it necessary to point out that she has helped me through more in my collegiate career than she probably knows. Take her classes.
5.0 : Molly is awesome. She has a energetic teaching style that seems to draw people in. She gives detailed feedback on ALL assignments regardless of point value or importance. She always encourages participation while keeping discussion on topic. She can always be reached after class if you have any questions. She's great. She's fair. She's smart.
4.0 : Overall a good professor. She can be confusing at times during lecture seeing how there are no power points. She does however give helpful handouts every class which can be a good study guide. Very nice and knowledgeable on the subject matter and also offers numerous types of extra credit. Not my favorite professor ever but overall she is good.
5.0 : Best history professor at UWM
5.0 : One of the  best professors I have had. Her lectures are detailed and informative and not at all boring.  She does a great job offering feedback on a widespread of opinions from the class without agreeing or disagreeing.  I thought a fair grader.  A very nice person as well and she's pretty hot!
5.0 : He is a very good instructor.
4.0 : Great instructor
5.0 : Wei-Ju was my TA for statistics. She was so helpful, and she made her discussion sections amusing. She prepared packets on all of the chapters/topics, and they were very detailed. I would love to have her as my TA again!
4.0 : Kind, understanding, knows material well
5.0 : Nice instructor
5.0 : I wish there were more profs. like Jon at UWM. He is very engaging and is a wealth of experience and knowledge. Similar to Bob Sorenson in his lecture style, you will learn more than you bargained for. It may not seem to apply when he covers topics but you'll find out the information shared in this class is the most valuable to real software work.
5.0 : Jon has a wealthy of industry experience he conveys to students through his entertaining lectures and well-crafted slides. His expectations for all graded work are very clear. He even would hold a number of exam review sessions in the evenings via Google Hangouts where he would talk about the exam and let students ask questions. Top notch guy.
5.0 : Great teacher with great lectures. Very personable and available to answer questions. Holds review sessions for exams.
5.0 : Always willing to help. Very friendly, sense of humor. Labs were long.
5.0 : Fair grading. Easily accessible via office hours or email. Would recommend for elementary Physics/Math courses.
4.0 : Didn't use the book once. The classes were pretty easy as long as you understood the concepts.
3.0 : This class was extremely easy. No daily assignmemts or quizzes. Well only 2 super easy quizes on the syllabus and 2 exams. Although this course was easy he constantly talked about his past life and previous career. Gives good feedback on few assignmemts. Never read the text book. Easy personality and easy A.
5.0 : This class is an easy course to take to boost your GPA. Show up to class &amp; you'll be fine. Professor McClerking uploads the slides needed for exams a week prior so there is no need to purchase the book. He also has the books on reserve in the library, so save your money.
5.0 : Minimal homework, thought provoking topics, and discussion is encouraged. Show up to class and listen, and you'll be fine. He posts all notes for exams in advanced, so it makes passing exams easy!
4.0 : Winarski is helpful &amp; willing to answer questions. Many students attended her office hours. She often forgets that you don't know everything that she knows so there will be some gray areas. She will clarify if you ask but she won't clarify initially. No curve, I believe. I felt that I knew everything but got a B+. Still good, but ask her questions.
5.0 : Dr. Winarski has a clear teaching style, and truly wants every student to succeed. I am normally not a fan of participation, but having to present several problems over the semester really helped in my understanding. Math inherently is something you need to do a lot to understand, so I think the amount of homework was fair.
5.0 : She a professor that actually cares about you as a person. TAKE HER CLASS!!! She wants everyone to succeed.
5.0 : Best professor I have taken at the University. If you have her as a teacher, make sure you pay attention to how hard she works to make sure you learn. Cares about her students and cares about her students learning. Words cannot describe how well she does her job. The world needs more professors like Profe Libbey.
5.0 : Dev is the best professor I have taken for Materials Science. His lectures are simply amazing. He teaches two classes: Mechanical Behavior and Transport. Transport Phenomena is a difficult class in itself, but Dev makes it quite relevant. He has difficult homeworks but easy exams and he focuses on conceptual knowledge which is perfect!
5.0 : Dev is one of the most amazing professors I have had at UW Milwaukee. I took both Mechanical Behavior and Transport Phenomena with him, simply amazing. His classes are structured very well and he is very helpful. Be ready to practice a lot! His classes are generally very lively and set up so that students interact with each other.
4.0 : Not the hardest class and certainly part of that is because of Lei. She's very funny and easy to talk to, but she doesn't take crap from anybody. Don't be on your phone! Decent amount of extra credit for exams, weekly 1 page report on whatever economic article you want. Take her class.
5.0 : Jess was a great teacher that made me enjoy coming to class just because of her sense of humor (think of April Ludgate from Parks and Rec, that's basically her). She gave me helpful feedback regarding my writing and helped me improve throughout the semester. She would respond to my emails for help rather fast as well.
4.0 : really nice and gives god feedback! would totally take her again, she was a great teacher.
5.0 : She is so funny, she made each class fun to attend. Very helpful, she helps each student and reminds them of homework due. She offers help to her students and to contact her with any questions on homework assignments. I really enjoyed her class.
5.0 : Gives a LOT of examples every class, and thoroughly explains the examples to the point that everyone in the class should be able to clearly understand the concept, this also means that he does move very quickly. You will invest a lot of time into the homework, but it will help a ton.  He is, no doubt, the best teacher I've had up to this date.
5.0 : Hes super smart, and a beast. the class is hard though
5.0 : Ramin is the best professor I have had at UWM by far. He really cares about what he does and it shows in his teaching. His lectures are extremely useful, and not a minute is wasted. He always uses the entire lecture and clearly explains concepts with many examples. If there is a question, he always seems to understand how to clearly answer it.
5.0 : I had Sarah as a TA for Media Writing. I absolutely loved her. If you focus and actually listen to what she is saying the class is SO easy. She was very helpful and would often come up to me to tell me how well I was doing. Easily one of my favorite experiences with a professor/TA at UWM so far.
4.0 : Extremely interesting class. Brief overviews of four different cultures from around the world. Very thought provoking if you enjoy thinking. Todd does a great job of explaining certain concepts and effectively answers questions. Helps you understand the cultures of certain groups and how those group cultures relate to Western Civilization.
5.0 : Very understanding, tests all multiple choice. Extra credit available. Needed to read the book to supplement lecture but overall not too hard. Overall super nice person and great teacher! Take her class if you can!
5.0 : Very good teacher offers lots of extra credit and wants you to do good, but you should read to supplement the lecture
4.0 : Great lectures, interesting class, fun but hard problem sets. Not as hard as Astron 400. The listed textbook isn't that useful; I recommend Barbara Ryden's "Introduction to Cosmology" if you want a really good textbook that follows the lectures well.
4.0 : Astronomy 103 was a ridiculously easy course. She gives you the midterm and final questions on D2L before you take the tests. I didn't find lectures too interesting but it was an easy A
5.0 : I'm surprised Laura hasn't been rated on here! Wonderful professor with a lot of knowledge in regards to marketing. Not your typical marketing classes, you will actually use the concepts taught in class in a real-word setting. Highly recommended her classes!
5.0 : Kevin tries to make boring topics interesting for lectures. However he assigns a few group projects that can take a lot of time, especially if you are stuck with lousy group members. Quizzes were quite tricky even though they were online. Sometimes it was hard to connect lecture material to the quizzes.
4.0 : Kevin is a real good guy. He's fair, dedicated, and loves his job. He puts in a lot of effort into the class. It's a lot of homework he assigns throughout the semester but it's easy and you learn material.
5.0 : Awesome teacher all around.
5.0 : Kevin is really approachable and will listen to any concerns you have, and answer any questions. The course is ok, content can get a little dull at times and the homework repetitive. I used the textbook for quizzes which got me 90s. Fill out his templates in lectures and you will find the final exam easy!
1.0 : Don't ever take a class with Meghan Murphy-Lee at UWM. She's the rudest, most unintelligent, unprofessional professor/instructor I have ever encountered. Interrupts and harasses students. Wants you to make her class the only thing your life revolves around. A student dropped after she harassed him for leaving early for a family emergency. So RUDE!
4.0 : I signed up hoping for an easy 300+ level humanities class during my last semester at UWM and learned more than I thought possible. She had a lot of personal anecdotes about her travels to Russia and the readings were a lot of fun. There were more papers than I expected but I really enjoyed the presentations.
4.0 : Great class environment! Lots of discussion in class makes it much more engaging than your average lecture class. Be prepared to write a lot (OWC pt B!). Most importantly- Don't join if you aren't up for a discussion-based class.
5.0 : Meghan's classes are amazing. She makes the lectures fun and interesting. Yes you do have to do the readings and show up for class but its worth it. Its discussion heavy but if you've done the readings its easy to participate and follow whats going on. I have taken all the classes she offers except her language ones and enjoyed them.
5.0 : I have had the pleasure of having Meghan for two classes, both of which I really enjoyed.  The material is interesting, and her class is fun! She encourages lots of class discussion, and fosters a very lively and friendly environment.  She is personable and very knowledgeable about the subjects.  I genuinely enjoyed her classes, and her humor!
5.0 : Dr. Murphy-Lee structures her courses in a formulaic manner; one that works well enough to make larger classes participate as a whole. If you can get with the formula, it's not hard, you'll breeze on through. She's fast with emails and is willing to help students succeed. While she is a bit silly, she has stern professionalism.
5.0 : She has quickly turned into my favorite professor. Her classes are "not easy A" but the content is so interesting. I took her folklore class on Vampires, and it really opened up my eyes as to where these creatures come from and how Hollywood shaped them into the creatures we see today!
5.0 : So Professor Murphy-Lee is an amazing Russian teacher. She makes sure you understand the material and doesn't use verbs the class wasn't familiar with. She is avalible outside of class for any questions and can also direct you to a tutor for extra help! Plus she makes learning fun! Never a dull class!
5.0 : Took this class to help finish up my language requirement. YOU HAVE TO DO YOUR HOMEWORK, but that goes like that for any language class. I wish this professor taught the higher level courses in the Russian program here as well! She just makes learning the culture and the language so interesting and fun!
5.0 : Dr. Murphy-Lee is the entire reason I got so involved in the UWM Russian program outside of class, and her influence massively improved my UWM experience. She asks only for the basics - show up, do your homework, participate - and is 100% willing to help you succeed. Her class became a family.
3.0 : The course I took was a humanities elective on the culture of vampires. It was very interesting. She is a little too lenient on homework.  During lecture, we discussed selected readings so it was a little frustrating when only a few people read them. She holds very interesting courses on various topics. I would highly recommend them for electives.
4.0 : The course I took was an undergraduate research seminar. Kyla Esguerra was very informative on topics during discussion and gave me very good tips on how to progress with my research. She provided good outside resources if I ever needed more support. Very caring and a good listener. She sincerely wants to help her students succeed.
4.0 : I took American Popular Music with Mr. Forbes. Very interesting course. Taught me a lot of material regarding the history of music. Brought in musicians and people in the industry throughout the semester. Main grades were based on only a few things, so you had to make sure to do well on them. Attendance not mandatory.
5.0 : Along with all english courses she doesnt give a grade until the end of the course. Class was very formal, she's nice, knows what she's teaching.
5.0 : Evan gave great feedback and was very down to earth. I was not nervous speaking to him or asking questions. He is a friendly and a really good teacher overall.
4.0 : Super nice guy. I enjoyed having him as my English 101 teacher.
4.0 : Very very nice guy, he was very helpful. He explained assignment well, the work load wasn't too much, gave great feedback, and felt like he cared about his students.
4.0 : Ryan is a pretty cool dude. Has a nice beard. Always wears sweaters and is from upstate NY. He is pretty chill, just do your work and youll be fine.
4.0 : Ryan is a pretty great professor. As long as you do all of your work, you'll do just fine in this class. He is really helpful when it come to feedback about papers and such. I would highly recommend him for English 101.
4.0 : Andrew was a great professor! You can tell he really loves his job and teaching English. There were only 3 essays due all semester and you revised them all semester to make them ready for the final portfolio. Sometimes he asks questions and if will sit there and stare at the class until someone answers it which gets old. but overall good professor.
2.0 : She is good at teaching the material for class. Where I had difficulties is when I would ask a question (This is my first semester so my math skills are pretty rusty) she would make me feel so silly or even stupid for asking. Also I told her I didn't get an email that had a practice skills test attached and she was convinced I was lying.
5.0 : I had Professor Lucas for my Math 175 course &amp; she was outstanding! I have always struggled with math, so it has always been my least favorite subject. After having Professor Lucas I would look forward to going to math class each week. She loves participation, so I always felt comfortable raising my hand in class. I definitely would recommend her!
5.0 : One of the best I've had.  I didn't think there was much to learning math but this class went deeper.  Cristine cares about us and it shows in how well prepared she is for class.  Classes werent dull and there was a lot of partner work. She's enthusiastic and tests and homework were always returned the next class.
5.0 : Christine really cares about how we learned, not just what. If you want a math class that actually helps you, take her.  I understood everything which was a first for me since I usually struggle in math classes. Lectures were clear and more like discussions and she answered my questions in five hours. I'd do it again.
5.0 : Professor Cuzner was great. I took two classes with him, and was very happy overall with my experience. The classes weren't easy, so you will definitely have to put some work into it. He was very responsive, and helpful if you reached out for additional help through email or during office hours. Definitely recommend his classes.
4.0 : Lecture heavy class with a professor that really knows his stuff.  A suggestion I would offer would that he come more prepared for lectures.  He seems to lose his place in his notes sometimes but he's a more than fair grader and really knows the material to teach it.
3.0 : This class made my semester the most hated one. Professor Monson's weekly readings were tedious and very abstract. His clarifications of the readings didn't help. If you are a non-native English speaker this class isn't for you. The class was boring even dough the amount of work seemed reasonable. The readings he chose made the class unbearable.
5.0 : Doctor Vater is a great professor, in my opinion the best professor I ever had in college. She really cares about her students and encourages them to ask questions, participate and give great feedback. The novel chosen for class were always great. Great professor overall!
4.0 : Claudia is like a mom in class, very outgoing and willing to share stories that relate to the content in Italian. Don't try to joke around though, she probably won't get it. (Very Italian). Be prepared for homework. Every. Single. Night.
5.0 : She is a great professor! I was happy to be in her class
4.0 : Very laid back professor, though he is foreign and it is clear he gets a little nervous when speaking in front of class. He often confuses words/spelling but you get used to it after while (he's human after all). Graded on only two tests and two homework assignments, but there's always a curve. Would recommend.
4.0 : Really easy professor to have. He's the most laid back prof. I've ever had and tends to give test questions in his review guides.
5.0 : If cloning were legal, UWM would be wise to start with this professor.  Detailed, organized, professional, and kind.  You will leave this course more accomplished.
5.0 : I looked up Nick only to find that there was one horrible rating. I have had many pols professors nick is by far my favorite! There is a participation aspect to every class and It really helped me understand the material. He is also very understanding and willing to work with his students. Also makes great dad jokes
5.0 : Nick is the among the best instructors I have ever had. He is helpful, patient, and does not make you feel stupid for asking questions. Please ignore the poor review on this website. That person is obviously very confused.
5.0 : Lots of information to sink in in one lecture but easy to understand. It took some time to get used to the terms that often popped up like "actors" and "game" This is a class that you have to meet halfway with the professor since he done everything to better the student's understanding of the materials. Be warned, dad jokes are always a possibility
1.0 : I do not say this often but Nick is the worst professor I have had at this university. Material that will be on the test is extremely unclear and no study guides are ever given. The reading assignments are long and unclear and not discussed in lecture. Exams are 30 multiple choice questions. Exam averages were consistently failing grades.
5.0 : Maria was my TA for genetics, she was an absolute Gem. She is professional, passionate, knowledgeable, dedicated, approachable, nice and more. She exemplifies what a TA should be. She will make a wonderful Professor.
4.0 : Schultz is a very kind man and a very approachable professor. His lectures are good and exams are not too hard. However, he may be a little cluttered and may take time to provide you feed back on your assin
5.0 : Adam is an energetic professor to say the least.  He does give honest and regular feedback and gives realistic credit for in-class participation as well as papers.  I wasn't disappointed.  I enjoyed the books, one being more of a story and one being more textbook.  They complemented each other well.
5.0 : Professor Wickersham brings a lot of practical, real-world experience to his class. He uses a Socratic method approach to teaching, which in an EMBA setting works very well and makes for good discussions. the assigned reading is appropriate in content and length. Overall a very interesting and worthwhile class
3.0 : Adam's classes were worthwhile.
4.0 : Instructor Wickersham fosters an environment that places emphasis on learning from each other's experiences by encouraging class participation. I feel that he could be clearer in his expectation for what he expects in papers for class, but overall a good experience.
5.0 : For an Executive MBA IT class, the format resonated well and that resulted in a solid learning experience. Discussing a myriad of topics with an emphasis on class contribution improved the quality of the class. I wish other classes in the program emphasized this.
4.0 : This class was excellent in understanding the importance of management in IT. Adam was an excellent resource of real hands on knowledge.
4.0 : I found Adam to be very insightful and the books assigned for reading provided useful information regarding IT and its role within the current business environment.
3.0 : Very knowledgeable, on-time and organized.  On-line books and submission of papers.  Pretty much a pas guy.  Unstructured papers.  Ambiguous on detail, but grades very hard (out to 3 decimal points)!.  You will learn alot, but YOU will work for it.  Very conversational.  Very little lecturing.  Come prepared to participate.  Ask q's. No late work!
5.0 : Great class, discussions driven by students.
5.0 : The lectures are student centered and he wants participation.  One book was engaging while the other was a bit too technical.  Professor Wickersham is highly knowledgeable on the topic.  I would recommend him.
5.0 : She was incredibly helpful with breaking things down when needed, providing me feedback on my papers, answering any questions via email or in person, and above all relatable. I wish that I could have her as my other education courses, but she was one of my favorites at UWM so far and I would encourage anyone becoming a teacher to take her course :)
5.0 : Tough but Fair. Had this professor in Controls and in Mechatronics.
5.0 : Agust was incredibly passionate and concise  in his lectures. He is very engaging and informative. By far the best class I took this semester, 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Any class with Melissa is absolutely wonderful. Do the unit worksheets and ask her about any questions. She is an amazing person and professor. She has so much knowledge about patho/pharm and goes above and beyond for her students.
5.0 : Easily one of the BEST professors I've ever had. She is so kind and hilarious. She makes her classes go by so fast and explains things in ways that really help you understand. She is amazing and really wants everyone to do well. She made Patho/Pharm a breeze, and who even says a sentence like that?! The whole class LOVED her.
5.0 : MELISSA IS AWESOME! She sets very clear expectations about class. She lays out exactly what you need to know for the exams. However, don't mistake that for not studying. If you don't study for exams, you WILL fail. She is also an excellent mentor who is available for advice outside of class and is an advocate for us all.
5.0 : She is by far one of the best professors I've ever had.  Her material is challenging (Patho/Pharm), but she makes it fun to learn.  She gives tons of pneumonics to help you remember things.  Her sarcasm is truly a joy.  She gives detailed study guides for exams.  As long as you follow it and spend lots of time studying for exams, you'll do well.
5.0 : I LOVE her. Seriously, if you have Melissa you are set. This class isn't easy, but she makes it very easy to know what you need to do to get an A. Her sense of humor is the best, and she truly cares about her students. She's amazing. You are so lucky if you have her.
5.0 : Very enjoyable professor who has a real passion for what he teaches and it really helps. He's a very cool person overall and the class was very enjoyable. Only drawback is that ther is a TON of reading that you'll have to do. Tests and final exam were very easy and its an easy A
5.0 : If you have the opportunity to have Derrick as your professor then you should absolutely take him! Super easy grader and he's really understanding of how stressful school can be. Funniest guy ever too, makes it fun to come to lectures.
5.0 : peter burzynski is honestly one of the best instructors i've had. he cares about students and really communicates with us as adults and writers and puts great thought into his words and feedback. he cares about what he does and our class had a great sense of camaraderie thanks to him.
5.0 : Very respected professor. Fair in grading also takes time out of his day and part of the lecture to clarify and questions or confusion that students may have. Robotics is all about movement theory, there is no building of robots FYI. Math heavy course because of all the matrix calculations.
5.0 : Gives the students an opportunity to get extra credits
5.0 : Very fair professor. Fair grading on assignments and tests. Very thoughtful of students outside of class. Will take another class from this instructor
4.0 : The content in this class was not too hard. Not too much work is required for this class. A lot of showing up to lecture, paying attention, and going over the powerpoint slides briefly before exams will get you a good grade. Pretty good professor.
5.0 : Very funny and easy-going lecturer; took Arabic 111 with him. You'll have to read but it's fairly easy.
3.0 : He does not have clear grading criteria. This makes it difficult when you are writing essays and doing the group project. There is no final but there is a midterm. Sometimes, I was very confused during lecture because he tends to ramble a lot. The only reason I would take this class again is because he is a very nice person.
5.0 : She is passionate about getting you to learn and is very empathetic if you are having personal issues and will give you extensions if you need it. I highly recommend her!
4.0 : I think she was great teacher who is really understanding and kind. She is also passionate and gives great feedback.
4.0 : Professor Moody is really caring and compassionate, as a freshman her class was a great transition into college. Obviously I was asked to do different things than what I would have done in high school, however, it's not so much that you can't keep up with it. Just show up to class do the work and definitely PARTICIPATE she really likes that.
5.0 : Very personal, nice and one of the best professors at UWM I've ever had.
5.0 : great guy! really knew what he was talking about, and i got the feeling he actually cared about the students as individuals. he made sure to get to know the students. overall, i had a really good experience in his class.
5.0 : Paul is a really great professor, he's very caring for his students and definitely promotes a social and friendly environment for his students.
5.0 : I come into the class as a student who is hard of hearing i would recommend anyone in D/HH have this guy for your pro. The class is hard but i',m happy about that . lastly always wants to help you email him or go to his office he will help you find a way to get that paper where you want it to be before you turn it in
4.0 : Good guy that clearly loves his profession and puts a lot of thought into everything he puts out. Lectures can get long but it's all doable if you read the material and actually be one of the few to participate. Read the book and be prepared to do group discussions to prove it.
5.0 : Very smart professor who does a good job relating class material to the real world. If you make a good cheat sheet for exams this is an easy class.
5.0 : Christie is such an amazing professor. She is the director of the MCEA program, so if you have any questions regarding the program itself, she has all the answers. She really gets to know her students and does an excellent job modeling what it looks like to be a great teacher. Would recommend to anyone and everyone.
5.0 : He is new but amazing. Makes every lecture interesting and is so high spirited you could never get sleepy. Your grade is based only on exams so study hard  but no homework. Don't use the book very often just skim to make sure you aren't missing important terms.
5.0 : Arguably the best class I have taken in my four years in college. I have never had such a organized, clear and understandable class. Professor Richie makes it clear what you have to due, and when you have to do it. Makes you search for answers in  the book, which really got me to understand the subject matter. Absolutely amazing professor!!!
5.0 : Great class, interesting readings and discussion. Discussion notes are a pain but worth it because you'll use the information again. Hands on projects to use your skills in real situations. Bill really goes above and beyond to make his expectations known and give students opportunities. He's my advisor and has opened a lot of doors for me. 10/10
5.0 : Dr. Wood is one of the most professional instructors that I have ever met. He has a very unique personality and his teaching style is superlative. This course was well-structured and unlike some professors, he actually offers good guidance for all assignments and projects. Even at his worst moments, Bill never disappoints.
5.0 : Dr. Wood is a great professor and really helpful. My only concern with this class is if you are not a anthro major on not interested in anthropology and just looking for a humanities credit, don't take it. This class is harsh on remembering different anthropologists and their studies.
5.0 : Jasmine has easily been one of my favorite professors, she's very outgoing and personable. There are no textbooks required for this class but there are assigned readings off of D2L, they're not necessary. In order to receive a good grade for this class you MUST attend the class and the review sessions, she also hands out helpful study guides.
5.0 : Great class, and a great professor. To succeed, print out the lecture power points and take notes on them during lectures. A lot of the exams test you on the buildings you study during lectures. Definitely study the buildings you learn about because identifying them is a big part of exams. Study what's on test review sheets and you will do well.
5.0 : Jeff has immense knowledge about both FPGA technology and the industry around it. Come for his technology expertise, stay for his industry insights. All around solid choice for a class and professor.
5.0 : Jeff is by far one the best professor I had! Homeworks and labs may seem intimidating at first, but don't be scared to ask Jeff questions. Attendance is not mandatory, but I'll suggest going to labs and lectures to have him there just in case of questions you may have on homeworks or labs. Great guy and great class, you'll learn a lot from Jeff!
5.0 : He is the best professor at UWM. He knows everything about the material and know how to teach it. He made this stuff easy and fun because of his teaching style. Also, he care about each single student and would help each individually. You should get an A easily.
4.0 : Jeff brings decades of experience to senior design. HIs lectures are long and fairly dry, but his depth of knowledge is staggering.
5.0 : Great professor
5.0 : Great TA
5.0 : He is a great TA. He cares that you learn the material, helps beforehand during exams and quizzes. I would definitely suggest taking his discussion class.
4.0 : Sourav really cares a lot about his students, makes sure we are all doing well or seeks us out to help, he did a great job of working through examples problems and building on what was taught in class. The most useful discussion is when we all solve the problem together.
5.0 : This was a good taught course. Sourav communicated the materials very well.
3.0 : keep up the great work, overall good TA and was specific about the exams and questions taught in the discussion class.
5.0 : Good TA( he is like a great Professor), his explanation was very clear although I don't have Engineering background, The lab 801 he conducted was really interesting and understanding. I would suggest his discussion for future students.
5.0 : Pretty easy for an online class. You do have to do 2 food tours though which were a pain but it wasn't too bad. Quizzes come directly from the online textbook and discussion posts were easy. I wish I would've taken this class in person because it seemed pretty pointless to do a foods class online :/
5.0 : Heather is very laid back and easy to get along with. She is very helpful, and unlike other TAs, she will answer question during a practical but not give the answer. She is very straightforward and will tell you what to study.
5.0 : Take her class! She's good! Actually teaches you new skills/materials. Textbooks a must! DONT SKIP lab or she'll know it... lots of hands on activities like reenforcement practices to do good on quiz, projects. Gives feedback, not boring. Fast email responses.. she tells cool "real world" examples. Strict, is fair on grades. NO LATE work allowed!!
5.0 : Good teacher. approachable for questions.  Textbook stuff is boring but enjoyed going to her class. Don't turn in late work.. she gives zero pts. Learned new comp skills useful for jobs which is pretty cool!!
5.0 : Strict grading... but good teacher!! She gives feedback and comments if you dont get full points on HW. Pretty cute
3.0 : Easy but boring class. A few times she actually fell asleep during group presentations. She showed up late to class on numerous occasions. She got a little too political a few times during lectures and I thought that it was inappropriate. But she is a very nice person overall. Teaching is her side job and you can tell that her heart isn't in it.
5.0 : Dr. CJ was very sweet and kind. She thought that self-care was very important and made sure that the students were taking care of themselves. Overall this class was kind of boring and a lot of the material was on powerpoints that I could have read from my bed, but was a required nursing course.
5.0 : To start off with the work load was a lot but the writing you do will be apart of your final exploratory paper. Gives good feedback on writing and trys hes best to give you the best possible grade for you work. This is a portfolio based class you get your grade from your final portfolio/paper. He was so awesome I took him again for English102
3.0 : He's actually not to bad of a professor. Geology isn't too interesting of a subject to me, but what made it even less interesting is how he likes turn off the lights and play a video  which ends up putting me to sleep. His voice is very monotone as well. Helpful, especially during the "breakout sessions" Just don't do to many videos man!
5.0 : Really passionate and nice guy.  Took Geo-Sci and ended with a B+. Would take him again.
5.0 : Rob is a really passionate guy that cares a lot about how the students are affected by his course. He teaches what the students want to learn (to an extent) and is always willing to answer questions or help you study. He cares a lot about this subject and has a lot of cool stories to tell. His lectures are straightforward. Easy A.
5.0 : Very caring and amazing instructor. really has a passion to teach and find ways to make sure everyone understands his lecture, clarify notes and posted lectures powerpoint online. Gives students as much help as needed to pass by having extra credit, study guides, participation points. not a science lover but loved his class
5.0 : Kacee is so sweet. She really cares about her students, and wants you to succeed. She lays out the class really well so the 3 papers you write throughout the semester are spread out. She helps make sure that you already have most of your paper done by the time the due dates come around.
4.0 : I had the pleasure of having Ahmed for his first year as an instructor, and I have to say he did pretty good!  He was tough in all the right places, and made you realize what you could and couldn't do in class.  Overall he's taught me Java well, and I'd take his class again.
5.0 : Takes teaching seriously, very well-prepared and organized lectures. Always gives clear examples of problems we are expected to learn how to solve, and leads us step by step. He knows the material well and provides live coding exercises during the lectures.
4.0 : Read the material, attend class and participate and you'll do well. He presents the material in an unbiased manner, yet will let you know his opinion. He is an open minded righteous cool dude
5.0 : If you look closely, you will notice that Ahmed has one very long hair sticking out of his right eyebrow. If you can pluck it, he will give you an automatic A in the class
4.0 : Excellent professor. Gave us the choice of lecturing from the slide or coding an example. Would always take the time to answer or help troubleshoot spots where I got stuck in and it was very easy to get in contact with him outside of class.
5.0 : A consummate professional, Ahmed goes above and beyond to provide his students with the tools to succeed. Using his wealth of knowledge in the field of Computer Science, he provides the best information to his students, and is willing to go out of his way to work one-on-one to ensure they have total comprehension of the material.
4.0 : Final exam was hard, but I survived with the curve. He gave us many chances for an extra credit. Work hard and you will get it.  Personally, I did enjoy the class, learned a lot. Expect to get chocolate during the final exam.
4.0 : Awesome instructor and he has an interesting teaching style!! You never get bored in his class. He encourages his students to participate and treat all of them fairly. The final exam was challenging.
5.0 : Ahmed is simply the best, his lectures were amazing, made me realize lots of stuff, and I learned way beyond the class. Needless to say that he goes above and beyond what his duty is, and if every professor would be like him, then probably right now I would have a phd in something. Lolz aside, seriously if you ever have a chance, take his class!
5.0 : Ahmed was great and really cared about his students and how to help them. He was really great with answering questions and definitely didn't hesitate to email and give the students extra material that would be worthwhile.
5.0 : Ahmed was a good lecturer and did a wonderful job at teaching 251. I learned a lot from him and felt he taught the course extremely well. He was serious and caring about his teaching. He had a clear purpose and agenda in his lecturing, you could sense it. Homework is tough and hard but extremely satisfying after the learning it.
4.0 : Really useful course, with Ahmad you could get not only theoretical knowledge, but also practical implication of that knowledge.
5.0 : He was a great instructor. Was speedy quick replying to questions via email.
5.0 : LOVE her. She is actually pretty funny if you get to know her. She is also very responsive to emails and will do anything she can to help you. There are a few homework assignments, super easy way to get points. There are 3 team projects, pretty easy, and 3 tests. Her review sessions are lifesavers and you get a note sheet. Overall would take again.
4.0 : Awesome professor, has a great Irish Brough! Gave interesting lectures and was very flexible with students. Participation notecards during lectures, so attendance does matter, but only as much as you want it too. Puts all the slides on line for further review.
4.0 : I took Intro to food &amp; bev with Mark as an elective. He is by far the most entertaining and genuine professor I have had. He makes class enjoyable and is very understanding about student life; so he doesn't really give homework/quizzes. Class grade is based on little presentations &amp; discussion of books read for the class. Good guy! 10/10 recommend.
4.0 : He seems like he really enjoys teaching about economics. He knows what he's talking about. He likes to call on people during class and ask them questions, but if you don't know the answer, he either tells you the answer or asks someone else. He's a really cool teacher and I would recommend him.
5.0 : Prof. Peoples is a good guy, likes to joke around and has a passion for what he teaches. He will call on random people, and if you stick out or he knows your name- be prepared to get called on often. His TA was a tough grader though, which I had some issues with.
4.0 : Taylor has changed my life as a professor, she's so kind and her class is actually fun.
5.0 : Ms. Ruffino is a great lady. Down to earth, fair, reasonable, funny, and kind. The "textbook" was a series of academic articles and a couple essays which were printed out. Would definitely take her again. Just show up, do the reading, write the essays, and participate in class discussions to the best of your ability - and you'll be just fine.
5.0 : Paul was extremely involved in every student in class.  He actively participated in making sure all students were on track, and even offered extra credit in turn for personalized phone sessions with him in regards to the final paper and to make sure students were on track.
5.0 : There is a good amount of reading and 2 papers plus a final project. He expects participation but makes it easy by providing discussion questions to think about before class. Lecture is never boring- Toby is very energetic and has a sense of humor. Take his class- you will get something out of it even if you generally don't like English classes
4.0 : Prof. Marc Haines teaches the introductory course of IT-Strategy and Management of the MS. Information Technology Management Program at Lubar. He is teaches the material well, and focuses more on Case Studies and classroom discussions. His case studies are pretty in-depth and need good amount of work. Final exam is easy. Need to work to get an A.
5.0 : Use of mindtap makes class seem easier than ever. Quizzes are all easy and can be taken up to two times for a better grade. Three major projects over the course of the class that are relatively easy.
5.0 : Rafa's Behavioral Ecology course was one of the best classes I've taken. His lectures were endlessly interesting, thought-provoking, and funny. Grades were based on three exams and daily in-class group exercises. The exercises were challenging, but incredibly helpful in learning the material. Rafa clearly wants all of his students to do well.
5.0 : I said "yeah" for text use bc although optional, very helpful. Rafa has super interesting and engaging lectures; looked forward to class. Always interested in whether or not students are understanding the material, and cares about student feedback. Extremely intelligent, and really helps you to apply concepts and learn to think like a scientist!
4.0 : Her grading was very clear. Weekly chapter summaries. Paper exams. Lectured for about 30-40 minutes and showed a video. Textbooks easy to read.
4.0 : Mr. Lee is a good professor. The only down side that I had with taking his online course was that some of his materials that were posted online were a bit hard to read at times due to the format at which it was posted in. Keep up with discussion and turn in assignments on time and you will be fine in his class. Responds to email and willing to help
5.0 : I was really intimidated by precalculus after taking it in high school and hating it, but Adam teaches it in an understandable way. If you don't understand, go to his office hours or ALEKS lab; it clarifies a lot. He's a great teacher and very relatable - it's almost like we were being taught by a fellow student!
4.0 : I took this class online and put a lot of time and effort into it. If you work hard at this class and show that you gave it an honest effort, I believe you will pass The final is intimidating and is in person but he looks at your written work and there must be a curve. Don't be scared to take it online, even I passed.
5.0 : I took an online class with this professor, but he was really great. He was always prompt to answer e-mail questions and was also available to help out with the computer programs. He posted video lectures along with the written transcript of what was discussed. He encouraged feedback for the online setup, too.
5.0 : Dr. Woehl is an excellent professorspends lecture times deriving the most important material. Tests are difficult (as expected) but grading is reasonable. Adds interesting material to complement lectures. Though I've only had him for Chem 561, I'd recommend him for his other courses as well.
5.0 : Amazing teacher and class.  As this class was online, was nice to have lectures you could download and listen to when doing other things, as there was also reading, too.  For a 100 level class, I'd say it was a little 'heavy' on the homework each week, however it was worth it.  She also answered any and all 'burning' questions on Judaism.
5.0 : I've taken many classes online and some teachers just don't know how to teach them.  Prof. Johnson, however, does.  He makes sure students are engaged, being pushed to think and learn, and even incorporates modern social platforms into the classes (Pinterest and Twitter).   Class is fairly easy, as long as you do what's assigned.
4.0 : This guy is very helpful.
5.0 : Torn between giving class difficulty a 3 and a 4. It was a difficult class, but less so if you paid attention in it. David is an excellent teacher. He is truly inspirational and is very knowledgeable on the subject. It is not unusual for him to get off on a tangent that seems irrelevant but by the end it is clear it ties back in. One of the best!
5.0 : He was a great teacher, one of the best math teachers I have ever had. He accepted all questions, he was always on schedule. He cares for his students and is willing to always help them during his office hours. (He goes above and beyond)
4.0 : He's pretty chill, just make sure to show up to class on time and make sure to get all homework completed online!
5.0 : Lectures get quite long, but he makes sure that you understand the mathematics. You wont just be memorizing formulas, you will be understanding everything. Phenomenal professor, would absolutely recommend to take his class.
5.0 : I'm currently taking this class online and over half of the way through the semester. This teacher is on the ball compared to others who have taught online courses. The content she provides for us to read and watch is up-to-date and interesting. My only issue is that the class is a bit discussion-heavy.
5.0 : Awesome guy. Gives good and interesting lectures that often lead to discussions.
4.0 : She was a great professor, some students had difficulty with her but she was a clear and concise grader. She let you know how to get an A, willing to teach but you had to listen. She didnt take students b.s., I would have her as my professor again in an instant. She also got us opportunities to actually practice our nursing skills in clinical.
5.0 : Cindy is a very wise and proud nurse who truly loves what she does. This is very obvious in the way that she teaches. She's a great mentor who gives good direction without being too easy. She set clear expectations for us on day one and if there were any confusions, she was prompt in making everything clear to us. You will not be disappointed!
5.0 : He's a pretty chill dude. He expects everyone to be able to keep up with class (and you get into some pretty abstract stuff), but homework is actually USEFUL and there's so many resources that it's really your own fault if you don't get at least a B. Get ready for some boss anecdotes and having "boss" diffused into your vocabulary as an adjective.
5.0 : SO funny, makes it fun to learn.
4.0 : Sarah has a passion for anatomy and really likes to teach, which makes me excited to learn. Her class is difficult but if you listen to what she is saying during lab, she has the potential to be really helpful. She is very approachable.
4.0 : Sue loves her subject. She is very fair, explains her expectations well and likes to know students' opinions. Most of the lectures she just goes on about her subject, and as long as you attend and do the assignments, you will do fine, even if you don't know what she's talking about...
3.0 : His lectures are extremely dull and the class is pretty boring overall. He has in class activities that he doesn't grade harshly, but you are expected to do them because they are 20% of the final grade. The final grade also consists of just two tests and two papers and the in class questions. I haven't enjoyed this class, and wouldn't recommend it.
5.0 : He gives in class assignments that are worth 20%, but if you do them you get 100%. The tests and papers are easy if you follow the criteria he gives for them and study. The subject material is interesting and often our reading assignment covers important current events. Only complaint is that he moves too quickly through the material in lecture.
5.0 : Prof. Vosper is awesome. She is super chill, but doesn't like when you slack too much. She gives great feedback on papers, and the topics for the papers are actually interesting. She uses media and videos for examples and that makes the class super fun. Be prepared to know your favorite song.
5.0 : She is very nice and understanding about late assignments, but don't think its an excuse to slack off. She will not like it if you make late assignments a habit. She is very understanding and gives good feedback on our segment papers. She is pretty good about answering emails and the work load is adequate. Know your favorite song for week 1.
4.0 : Tough grader and tough class but his lectures are extremely clear. He obviously wants his students to succeed.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors I had at UWM. He truly cares about his students and making sure you learn the material. He grades heavily on showing that you care about contributing to discussions and making an effort to come to classes.
4.0 : This class is pretty easy if you keep up with the reading and other materials. Prof uses a custom book that is basically like different books put together. book is online but costs like $60 for an ebook. No final or tests, just weekly quizzes, 2 papers/projects, and lab activites
5.0 : Huck is by far the best professor I've had at UWM. He really prepared me for the more advanced finance classes and I can tell I have a much better understanding of the material than students who didn't take 451 with him. It will seem like a lot of information is being thrown at you, but stick with the class and ask questions. It will pay off!
5.0 : Classes can be boring at times, however this is the smartest professor I've had and really respects the classes feedback. Test can be hard, but if you show up and do good on the homework and two projects, you'll have no problem getting an A or B.
4.0 : She is nice, keep up with lecture material and do learning objectives and you will be fine
5.0 : Such a great professor! A&amp;P is difficult to begin with but she really makes it easy to understand. Her exams are straightforward and she tells you exactly what youll need to study. Shes also very helpful during office hours. She made learning A&amp;P easy and fun.
3.0 : She isnt clear in her PowerPoints and expect us to know more in-depth ideas from the book.
5.0 : I absolutely love her class! I have taken many online courses and it is very obvious that Professor DeBiasse wants her students to be successful. She goes above and beyond to make sure everyone has the tools they need to be prepared and do well in her class. I like her slide show lectures a lot but I wish they were longer. All time favorite prof!
5.0 : easy (A) class, Online exams and group projects. group presentation
5.0 : Dj is by far one of my favorite professors at UWM! I took him for Soc 235 &amp; he's an easy guy to get along with. 3 exams, 1 final, &amp; 4 film responses (only have to be like 2 pages). Attendance does count, but he makes lectures pretty funny. I took this as an international requirement for Psych major. I'd definitely take him again.
5.0 : Kojima sensei is by far the best Japanese teacher I've had at UWM. She cares about students a lot and wants them to succeed. She also makes in-class activities to help students engage in the material. Always open to talk about your struggles and confusions. 10/10 would take her class again!!
