3.0 : Bru is a legendary K's professor at UofI and one of the best in the country. He can be a bit intimidating and his lectures can be extremely dry, however he is really goofy on occasion which makes the class palatable. Overall he's a great professor and I'd be happy to take another course with him.
4.0 : Bru is clear about what he expects you to know... but the test was impossible. He is the nicest guy though, and is a super down-to-earth professor compared to most. Don't be afraid to go to office hours!
5.0 : A fantastic professor! He knows the material amazingly well and can explain it so clearly. An extremely nice guy as well. I wish he taught more classes.
5.0 : Professor Kaplan is one of the best professors I have ever had. He not only knows the material inside out, but he makes want to come to class and listen. I wish there were more professors like him.
5.0 : Elder Law is a fun class, but be warned, the exam is tough. Kaplan lectures nearly the entire class, so it's easy to fall asleep, but on the final, he will toss in facts from the lecture that are NOT in the two textbooks that accompany the class. You don't really need to do the reading-it's super complex and uber-detailed. Exam is 50 MC/90 minutes.
5.0 : Prof. Kaplan gives an excellent lecture, and he makes us available to students.  He is patient and breaks down concepts in a way students can understand. He should be professor of the year every year.
3.0 : Such a niceentertaining professor that tries so hard to make tax understandable that I actually feel guilty for absolutely hating income tax. Would love to have him in any other subject, fed income tax is just not my thang.
4.0 : I liked Kordik. The final exam was hard--she covers a lot of material in the class that does not appear on MPRE practice exams, be warned! She has six "reflection papers" which are two double-spaced pages where you give your opinion on a certain situation that implicates legal ethics. She doesn't cold-call, and readings mostly aren't necessary.
5.0 : Criminal Procedure: Adjudication is an outstanding class. Leipold is a terrific professor--he goes over the material slowly and in great depth. The day before the final, he held three office hours and explained very complex concepts in an easy-to-understand manner. Exam is closed book and very hard-true/false, multiple choice, and a couple essays.
5.0 : Leipold actually understands the concept of teaching. Most law professors can lecture for long periods of times on topics they are experts in. Leipold is different. He actually teaches the material. Not to mention he is a leading expert in the field and literally wrote the book on the topic.
5.0 : Crim Pro: Investigation was my favorite class in law school so far (one semester left). The subject matter is fascinating because it touches on 4th, 5th, and 6th amendment issues. Leipold does an amazing job of relaying very complex information. Exam was tough-multiple-choice, true-false, and two issue-spotters. You really need to know your stuff!
5.0 : She is awesome. I love her!
5.0 : She is awesome. As the director of legal writing Moritz knows her stuff. She can be distant and formal. However, she really is a sweet and kind woman if you get to know her. Her office hours are not very helpful. She will see mistakes during office hours &amp; not tell you. Your best bet is to utilize her TAs, and to get proof reading &amp; get advice.
4.5 : Most people adore Professor Reynolds, she's extremely kind, passionate about what she does, and is always willing to help students. Unfortunately her teaching style just didn't work for me. It was tough to take good notes, and sometimes she speaks so fast you can't process what she's saying. Exam is closed book.
4.0 : I liked Reynolds a lot. She is super-energetic, and passionate. However, I think she spends way too much time talking about policy, even though her exam is pure black-letter law. I had a terrific TA when I took Property and she laid out the analysis for the different situations, or else I would not have passed her class. She provides many old exams
5.0 : Prof. Robbennolt was very clear, and easy to follow all semester. These were my favorite class discussions as a 1L.
5.0 : Robbennolt is an amazing professor who I loved having. If you get a class she teaches count yourself lucky.
4.0 : Early Legal Cultures of America is more like an undergrad history seminar than a law school class. The class focuses on the development of early American legal culture. Your grade is based on two 15-page papers (NO bluebook format/extra research outside the reading you need to do for class), and class participation. I found this class to be relaxed
5.0 : Ross is absolutely hilarious. One of my favorite professors so far for sure.
5.0 : People that didn't like Bruce Smith are the same people that prefer LeBron over Jordan. They are Un-American and not to be trusted.
2.0 : Great with the substantive material, but very poor personality. This likely stemmed from being busy, but it sucked that he doesn't care about students beyond fulfilling his teaching duties. One of the rudest profs I've ever encountered in trying to get help outside of class. In class, asking questions is not advisable. He hates that.
4.5 : Professor Tabb is extremely organized in lectures and he gave fair exams. He is very kind and he is my favorite professor.
5.0 : Professor Tabb is a wonderful Professor whom everybody loves. He is extremely knowledgeable, respectful and genuine. Attending his bankruptcy class is an unmatched learning experience. Classes are very clear and organized. Favorite Professor of all.
5.0 : She is an excellent teacher. No matter your view on the American legal system, it will interest you. She uses a lot of real life examples, often examples that are funny or bizarre. There were two papers (mid-term and final) and five online quizzes. Read the book and you should be fine. ATTENDANCE IS REQUIRED. NO FINAL EXAM.
4.0 : She shows SO MANY VIDEOS in the class, and talks about current issues that intertwine with law. It's a fairly easy class, the quizzes are online - one is dropped. Good class to get a general understanding of law
5.0 : Phenomenal professor, she truly cares about her students and tailors her lectures to keeping class interesting. Very easy class with limited quizzes, midterms that the TA's give a lot of direction on if you ask, and extra credit to help you out. Makes law relevant for even those not wanting a career in it. TAKE THIS CLASS you will not regret it.
5.0 : Great prof!
5.0 : Readings are assigned and "required" (I think) but you can easily get away without reading a single page. Really the only mandatory part of the class is attendance (when she remembers to pass around the sign-in sheet) and the papers, which you should take seriously. Makes the constitution digestible and interesting for students.
5.0 : She is my favorite professor by far. Not only does she care about her students but she tries to make the material as enjoyable as possible. She even brought a class of 200 apple cider donuts FRESHLY baked from curtis apple orchard. She goes out of her way to make her students feel special and she truly does a great job of teaching.
5.0 : Professor Pahre always demystified law. She challenged students to think about why law is the way it is. Her "war stories" provided a realistic view of what lawyers actually do each day. What you get out of this class if up to you: attend lecture and read everything that is assigned, and you'll learn A LOT; otherwise, it's just very laid back.
5.0 : He is able to teach you and answer to your questions with clarity and patience. Even though the tests and homework may take too much of your time, you end up learning the subject.
4.0 : Enthusiastic about the subject. Approachable and will gladly take the time to go over concepts with students, either when asked in class or individually during office hours.  Unfortunately the tests are long and difficult, with very little homework practice/feedback to prepare you.
5.0 : Great lectures, and interesting topics covered that you won't get anywhere else. The homeworks can be intense, and there isn't much help. You may easily fail a homework, which can be trouble when there are only five. You must go to office hours for the projects, or you will do poorly.
4.0 : Securities Lit was one of my favorite classes. The material is quite interesting and the reading and workload is relatively light. We had three guest lectures, including from a former SEC enforcement attorney. You have to write a six-page double-spaced paper and give a presentation on a recent topic involving securities. Exam was 1.5 hours long.
5.0 : Verity was an awesome civpro professor. She breaks down the cases fairly well and gives lots of examples and explanations on how to apply procedure. Probably the funniest law prof I've had; she has a quick wit and charm to her. She's not above lightly shaming gunners which makes her awesome in my book. She's also got a rockin' bod.
4.0 : Business Associations is a very boring class, but Winship tries her best to make it interesting. She teaches it like a 1L class going over the rule, facts of the case, and holding carefully.  She also provides practice problems that you go over with a group of students that you are assigned to. Exam was ID and issue spotters. It was a fair exam.
5.0 : WInship is respected by every student in the class. She does a good job of trying to explain confusing things out to you, but she's also not going to coddle you if you get the answer wrong. She doesn't have a problem just flat out saying your wrong and it's really refreshing.
5.0 : Winship is one of the best profs I've ever had; Civil Procedure is a class that has the potential to be quite dry and complicated, but she made it interesting and understandable. She commands respect while delivering effective and interesting lectures. Very helpful in office hours and outside of class as well. Hope to take another class with her.
5.0 : Johnson was an outstanding Evidence professor. He gives you a workbook filled with problems that he will go over in class, so that helps you prep for the final. He is highly accessible, and since we finished the class early, he made the last classes open office hours. Evidence is tough, but he does a pretty good job of explaining the concepts.
5.0 : Excellent Professor
5.0 : My favorite professor at U of I. My only complaint is that he doesn't teach more classes.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Very intelligent and very respectful. Answer questions clearly and in a timely manner. Very analytical in his approach to criminal law and teaches what everyone should know: how to read and apply the statute.
4.0 : Johnson was one of my favorite professors 1L year. The material is confusing, because of the dichotomy between common law and Model Penal Code, but he does his best to explain the concepts clearly. Exam was a little tough-three questions that were sort of like issue-spotters and a reasonable multiple choice section. Very helpful during office hours
5.0 : Johnson is a great professor and very easy to talk to.  He was clear in discussing the material.  Like the poster below said, it can be confusing because you bounce between the model penal code and common law, but he does a good job.  He's not there to trick you--he really wants you to learn and understand the material.  A++
3.5 : Evidence Expert. The exam was extremely similar to the in class hypospractice workbook we do everyday, so keep up with those and there will be no surprises. Closed note, so much confrontation clause. Likes to cold call.
5.0 : She is an amazing lecturer. She is very clear and thorough.
4.5 : She is very clear and organized. That is the problem. For a 1l torts class, especially 2nd semester - the curve is brutal. Wasserman does not like student use of supplements, and it will hurt your score if she thinks information on your exam came from a supplement. She is great in office hours. I would definitely take another class with her again.
5.0 : Participate often and pay attention to the articles in particular. Mastering a smaller amount of the cases and articles seemed to be more rewarding than having a mediocre understanding of everything.  He's a quality professor and knows his stuff. This class is definitely worthwhile. If you liked con law with him, you'll like this too.
5.0 : Mazzone has a very unique class compared to other 1L courses. You are not allowed to use a computer. However, this is great for class discussion and participation. He loves that. He can come off as condescending, but is really a sweet man. He grades very fairly. Even though he warns against supplements, many As &amp; Bs use Chemerinsky's successfully.
3.0 : Epic reading load. Brace yourselves to read 2000 pgs. The lectures were fun at times, and he's got a quirky sense of humor. He definitely needs to cut down on calling someone, then just PAINSTAKINGLY waiting, and waiting, and waiting even though it's clear as day the student has no idea what to say. Dude, we all get it - she didn't read.
4.0 : Professor Anderson is a solid professor. You DO NOT have read the books he assigns for the class--I would recommend borrowing them since he uses them sparingly. He cancels half the classes, which is nice. He is very helpful during office hours and answers pretty much any questions you have. He spends most time in class going over structural things.
5.0 : What to say about Sean Anderson. This man is an absolute gem. DO NOT buy the book for his class though. You don't need to read it and he essentially never uses it. He's really easy to talk to at office hours and gives great feedback.
