5.0 : Prof. Boyer made Geopolitics extremely interesting and fun. He had so many extra credit opportunities that if you show up to class and watch the videos you will get an easy A. Nothing was boring, he makes everything interesting and crystal clear to understand. I LOVED his class and I would take it again. I still watch his podcast to keep updated.
5.0 : You need to have him as your professor at least once.
5.0 : I took Boyer's class while on Semester at Sea and it was one of the most enjoyable, entertaining classes that I have ever taken in my life. I never minded going to his class. His lectures are funny and relevant to whatever is currently going on in the world. Highly recommend. A+. Two thumbs up. 10/10.
5.0 : He is incredible, you learn so much from him and he is so passionate about what he is teaching.
5.0 : Best professor ever. If someone ever tells you this class is bad, they're either lying or did not do any of the work. He is an incredible professor, cares so much about his students, and has a passion for his teachings. Definitely an "above and beyond" kind of professor. You won't regret taking this class, I promise.
5.0 : Never will I have a better professor than Boyer. Smartest,coolest, most interesting professor out there. Makes you want to learn for enjoyment not grade. Plus he's practically a celebrity. Semester at Sea would not have been the same without him. Claims he's a generalist but he is actually a specialist at life.
5.0 : He was the best professor ever who was engaging and always kept the students interested.
5.0 : Take this class with a group of friends and work on it together. The workload is very heavy on a weekly basis and can be overwhelming, but it's doable. Do ever assignment given until you get that A and if you keep up you should be finished with the class weeks before finals.
5.0 : His class is the largest and most popular class for a reason.  I never would have thought that learning about politics could ever be so entertaining as he makes it.  I continue to listen to his podcasts and have gifted his textbook to multiple friends for their reading pleasure.  This is a must take class for any VT student.
5.0 : I love his class! It's pretty fun, and can wake you up. You may never fall a sleep on his class! But, for his online courses, you will have a lot of quizzes and homework!
5.0 : Take one of his classes!!! My absolute favorite professor ever. You won't want to miss this class. And he shows movies for extra credit, and they're great movies that I bet you haven't even heard of. I highly highly recommend him. You will laugh out loud in this class and actually learn relevant things about the world. Very interesting man.
2.0 : Professor Boyer thinks he's a lot funnier than he actually is, his lectures are extremely long and annoying. He knows very little about the subject matter that he is talking about so it was a little frustrating throughout the semester. If you're looking for an easy A than take the class but I wanted to learn something and was very disappointed!
5.0 : Best teacher I have had in my entire college experience. Definitely take world regions if it fits in your schedule.
5.0 : If you do everything in the beginning you'll be done well before finals. Class is based on a points system so the textbook quizzes, lecture quizzes, movie quizzes, essay (if you choose) are all worth x points. It's time consuming, but you'll get an A if you do the work. PS Watch the movies, they're pretty good and worth most points!
5.0 : Take this class. If you do, you'll be able to finish weeks before your other classes, ONLY IF YOU DO ALL OF THE WORK. You NEED to do everything to ensure an A and to finish early. Make sure to to the intl. Movies and International interviews. Also, if you search the lectures on youtube, speed them up to 2x the speed and get done in half the time.
1.0 : Not worth the money. If you take this class you will not have a teacher.   There is no feedback, it's a virtual class.  The class is suitable for distance learning.   The teacher/? will post assignments and show up for one or two lectures .  He clearly doesn't care about his students.  If all you care about is an A, take this class.  Horrible!
4.5 : Literally just get ahead in the beginning and you can easily finish before Thanksgiving if you are taking in fall. Take every opportunity. Easy class however found very interesting.
4.0 : Geog of Wine students: Don't be dumb! This is not a self-paced class, there are deadlines that need to be met. There are enough points available where you could take a week or two break, if, and only if, you use your time wisely. His lectures are brilliant, and this class is definitely what you make it. Made an A by cramming. Ask TA for advice!
5.0 : incredible professor, gives written graded homework, easy test grader
5.0 : I had Dr. Jones for Psychology of Trauma senior seminar and he was great! I really enjoyed the content of his class, and it was very educational in the field of trauma psychology. I had recently gone through personal traumatic experiences and was able to apply it to my life really well. As long as you communicate and participate you will do well!
5.0 : Dr. Jones is one of the best professors I've had at Tech. He is very knowledgeable and really strives to make sure each of his students is successful and enjoys the class.
5.0 : I took Dr. Jones for abnormal psych and he was absolutely amazing! His tests are hard but they're completely fair. Just make sure you read the textbook and you will be fine
5.0 : The tests aren't bad but definitely require good note taking in class and then a lot of studying for the tests. There's also a group project that's weighted as heavily as the tests and that brought my grade from a C to a B-. As long as you go to class and pay attention you'll do well. He is a very caring and genuine guy who really enjoys teaching.
4.0 : I had this class years ago and loved it. It made me want to work in a trauma related field.
5.0 : Very surprised no one has rated him lately. Wow, he is amazing! I genuinely enjoy going to his class. If you get offended easily, do not take this class, because you're lame and shouldn't be there anyways. He is very engaging , smart and makes you think! Assigns really informational and awesome videos to watch. Would definitely take him again!
5.0 : He is an amazing teacher. He is not only helpful with questions related to class material, but any other questions he is more than willing to help with. He's so nice and funny during class.
5.0 : Such an amazing professor! He is extremely nice and helpful.
5.0 : Best professor at Virginia Tech, hands down. His class completely alters your way of thinking and helps you improve your own writing more than any Creative Writing class possibly can. He is always willing to talk to you outside of class and help if you don't understand the poems. Highly recommended for any student, even non-English majors.
5.0 : Very passionate about what she teaches. Have to buy TopHat for participation. Point Based System. To get an A you have to get 340 points, she offered 860 points! Her quizzes are online but very short. 10questions in 8mins so no time to use book/notes. Very easy to get A if you just PAY ATTENTION.
5.0 : Used Point System. To get an A we needed 320 ptS, she offered 710 pts. 2 tests and must get  50% to consider getting A. No final. Small quizzes in between (not required but if you want pts then take it) You can fail the quizzes and it wont matter bc its point based. Posts PPT lectures after class. I did so much extra work than I needed to.
5.0 : Top notch professor! I had Thweatt for Intro to CPE and DD1 and enjoyed his classes. The projects and homework are crazy time consuming, even if you have digital electronics experience. Go to his office hours he will spent as much time as you want going over anything. The only downside is that he will over explain which sometimes leads to confusion
3.0 : Unbelievably unreasonable. Don't even try to argue for an accommodation for any reason because you won't get one. If you're a beginner/amateur to programming, and you ask if what you've incorrectly coded is supposed to work or not, he'll make you feel stupid for coding it the way you did. Not encouraging at all, just condescending and arrogant
4.5 : One of the best teachers in VT ECE department. Very good human beign.
4.5 : Overall, Professor Downey is pretty awesome. Make sure to introduce yourself, because he will make a conscious effort to remember you, even in a giant lecture.  Sometimes he can go off on tangents during his lectures, and because of that he can fall behind on his "master schedule," but always changes the schedule to accommodate. READ!
3.0 : The course itself lends to a tough learning curve; but what you do learn/retain is truly interesting. The concepts are a bit tough to grasp but TAs try their best to help you during recitation. Easy-B class.
5.0 : He is one of the best professors, He makes the challenges rewarding.
4.0 : Would NOT recommend taking this class if you do not need it for credit
5.0 : Dr. Knoblauch is very passionate and knowledgeable about what she teaches. She's funny and actually enjoys to have class clowns. However, there are roughly 2 hours worth of videos that you'll have to watch outside of class with a weekly quiz, so be prepared for the extra work.
4.0 : I loved this class, and I don't like theater. She is a very enthusiastic teacher, and she's very smart. I usually hate reading, but I didn't mind reading these plays because she explains so much of what's confusing in class. You have to go to a play and a musical but they're entertaining. Overall, not a hard class. I loved it.
4.0 : Show up to class, read plays (short), and you should pass. Doesn't take much time and great to fill CLE. You do have to go to two plays but usually interesting.
5.0 : Love Dave! Awesome Band Director!
4.5 : Mrs. Saffle was by far my favorite teacher at Virginia Tech.  She is very willing to work with you and really wants you to succeed in her class.  She has a great sense of humor and is very approachable! She tries to make the material as interesting as possible and tries to relate it to her life experiences as well as the students lives.
4.5 : Absolutely loved having Mrs. Saffle (I've had her for 3 classes).  She really wants you to succeed in her class &amp; makes the material interesting.  She has a great sense of humor and is very approachable! She was by far my favorite teacher at Tech and I felt like I learned so much from her.  I would highly recommend!
4.5 : Mrs. Saffle is wonderful! There is a decent amount of reading, but it was such an interesting class &amp; she made all of the readings enjoyable.  She wants you to be able to succeed in her class and is willing to help you achieve that.  She is approachable and is very intelligent! By far one of my favorite teachers at Tech &amp; would definitely recommend
4.5 : Professor Saffle is wonderful.   She really is very passionate and knowledgable about the subject.  I highly recommend attending class and taking notes. Also, it's children's lit so do the reading as well (seriously, it's not bad).  If you do that, you can't fail.  She does not set any student up for failure.
5.0 : Very good teacher. Good clarity and very helpfulness.
4.0 : Very good human being and genuinely cares about her students. Grading criteria was unclear and there was WAY too much work though
4.5 : Good.
5.0 : Bloomer really is a great prof. She actually cares about you as a person and as a student. She gives a good bit of homework, but it isn't hard. Just do the work. Quizzes are kinda weird, but they won't affect your grade much. Overall, Bloomer is probably the best prof I had my freshman year and would definitely retake if I had the chance.
5.0 : Bloomer is the best English teacher I have ever had. She makes the course material interesting and innovative. She pushes you to do your best but keeps you interested in the material. Expect a lot of writing. She assigns extra credit that apply the the papers you write to help you get the grade you want if you are not an excellent writer.
4.0 : She's really into what she teaches. She tries to show interesting demonstrations which can be pretty funny; she usually has the whole lecture hall giggling. The subject material is hard but she gives you all of the resources you need to pass the class.
5.0 : She's really excited about the subject, so lectures will be filled with her energetically explaining the concepts and occasional demos where things will be blown up. Tests can be tough, but if you think you understand the concepts, you'll be fine. Recitation really helps and she offers a crazy amount of resources, including weekly help sessions.
4.0 : Very passionate about teaching. Loves to teach chem and IS AWARE THAT THIS IS AN ELECTIVE. She knows that it should NOT be a hard class and that WE DO HAVE LIVES AND OTHER CLASSES TO WORRY ABOUT.  Tophat ($) Pearson ($) Canvas and her PPT slides 5 tests. NO FINAL. OPEN BOOK/EVERYTHING. You get points for doing homework on Pearson/Tophat
5.0 : Had a blast in her class. She really cares about what she's teaching. It's a REALLY good idea to show up to lecture. Speaks with enthusiasm and passion; knows how to explain to the layman.
2.0 : Personally, Eddleton's teaching method DID NOT work for me. She goes off on tangents and skips about from one chapter to the next &amp; back. It drives me insane. My notes looked like hell. Had to withdraw because i earned C- and needed at least C. mind you I studied my butt off only to receive awful grades on each exam. No extra credit. No curves.
2.0 : Dr. Eddleton was kind of rude to my class. She would put us down a lot and didn't make it easy to access her outside of class. She doesn't have office hours, but she has a help session. She doesn't follow notes often, and mostly just goes through examples that are hard to understand sometimes. Chem is hard, and I wish I chose a different professor.
1.0 : Refused to teach a section of material because she didnt know the material
5.0 : Mike taught a very hard topic in a very understandable and realistic way. he gave a lot of real life examples and took the time to go through everything in great detail.  He made a giant lecture hall seem small by encouraging questions. Great life lessons built in. I would recommend everyone take him for their Econ alternate. Best professor yet.
5.0 : Mike is easily the best professor at Virginia Tech; he's intelligent, kind and truly inspirational. I honestly believe that everyone should take a class from him because he changed my opinion on a lot of things. However, you should go to class because everything thats on his tests, he says in class
5.0 : One of the most passionate professors out there! The fact that he makes an attempt to learn everyone's names (in a lecture class) is really impressive. If you go to office hours, he will try to help you as best as he can (one on one) just so you can understand the material. Highly recommend taking his classes. Also, he cracks jokes often.
5.0 : I am only a freshman, but so far Mike is my favorite professor. He truly cares about the class topic and his students. His class may be a little confusing at first, but it is always fun to visit him during office hours. He is very straight forward on the tests and everything on there is discussed during class, so don't skip.
5.0 : Amazing teacher! He aways starts the class by asking if anyone has any questions and will answer them before he starts the days lecture and has a review session before tests. Attendance is not required but if you want to do well in his class you need to be there and take good notes. His tests are very conceptional, so study a week in advance!
5.0 : I LOVE MIKE
5.0 : Mike is the most down to earth prof at Tech. He makes his big lecture feel like home.  Tests are straight forward, but you have to go to class to pick up the little extra credit he throws in.  Only wish he had given some other grade opportunities instead of just four tests. Will curve slightly at the end if the class needs it.
5.0 : Steve Mooney is THE most adorable professor you'll ever have. He has a heart of gold and is probably a bit crazy, but it's hard not to love him. He's a tough grader at times, but if you take his comments into consideration and improve your writing throughout the semester, you'll get an A.
2.0 : Robin is the kind of teacher that has it his way or no way. He might say that feedback from classmates is taken into consideration, but it's not. In an uncomfortable situation, he will push you and push you until you give him what he wants. His class is easy, but he is ignorant and doesn't take his students' feelings into consideration.
4.0 : Nice guy, can be a little too specific when grading -- if it's not to HIS standards, he will deduct points
5.0 : Fantastic English teacher.  He really helps you improve your writing abilities.  While he may seem like a hard grader, it's because he wants you to getter!  Do as he says, and you WILL get an A!
5.0 : Very good teacher. She is harder than some, but if you do the homework problems you should be fine
4.0 : She was very clear and would always ask before she moved on. Group take-home quizzes are a thing so try to be in it with some friends or someone really smart. She is sarcastic and pretty funny. Not your typical robotic calculus professor. Overall, better than most.
5.0 : Steve is a great coach,  love his enthusiasm not as much as his accent tho. He is always working us to the death on the pitch, wants us to improve. One day we will beat braddock in state cup, knocking the ball around like BANG BANG BANG.    True legend. Keep up the great work.
4.0 : He was very knowledgeable and expected a lot from students in freshman year honors English. I did well in HS English classes, so I figured that honors English wouldn't be too bad. He was very demanding in what he wanted to see in our three papers. There were (pop) quizzes the first half of the semester, but he slowed down on them after awhile
5.0 : JLo is super nice and helpful and she really cares about her students. ENGE 1215 is a boring and annoying class but she makes it not as horrible
3.0 : It might just be the class but she did not really teach the information. It would be beneficial to have your own basic understanding of MATLAB script before taking this class. Offers clear grading criteria and there are a lot of group projects.
3.0 : Professor Radcliffe lectures the entirety of the class, without engaging in any class discussion. He knows everything about British Literature; however, he is extremely firm about his political beliefs, will bring them into his lectures, and specifically told me he graded one of my papers poorly because he disagreed. The final is incredibly hard.
5.0 : Amazing Professor! His sense of humor makes lectures go by so quickly! I've heard that people think his tests are really difficult, but the lowest grade I got on one was a 94%. It's definitely more of a memory-based class. TAKE NOTES THROUGHLY. Tests are quite detailed so don't miss anything! Essays are super short and easy. Highly recommended!
5.0 : A really amazing professor, everything he says stuck with me and that made tests really easy. You don't have to go to class but the tests are based solely off of notes so if you skip, you need to get the notes from someone else. Tests were easy and the content is too.
3.5 : Loved his class soc 1024
4.5 : Each lecture was the perfect length and he made even the boring sections interesting. Also helped that he made each topic easy to follow
2.5 : Ok so I am going to be straight with you all. Most people who are taking this class are looking to major in HD. They probably took HD in high school and thats where all the "easy classA" comes from. If you are taking this class to fulfill an area, THINK AGAIN! Other HD classes are a lot easier but she teaches in a way where you need to be familiar
5.0 : My favorite class. Kim is so funny, caring and is very passionate about what she teaches. Every single lecture was very interesting and important!
5.0 : Dr. Kim is so cute!! She loves what she does and what she talks about which is what makes her lectures so memorable. I am an HD major and she has inspired me so much. She makes a lot of jokes at herself and tells funny stories about her life as well as gives good examples of the material.
5.0 : Kim is honestly my favorite prof ever. She cares so much about her student and her job. Her lectures are interesting and she likes to joke around. Uses PowerPoints. Phenomenal. Not too hard of a grader, tests are easy enough if you come to class and pay attention. Projects are really easy.
5.0 : She is quite a nice lady.  She insights good conversation, but expects you to work hard.  She wants you to do your best.  Skipping class would not be advised because she will never let you forget it.  She is okay with it if you notify her before hand, and it is a good reason.  Overall I enjoyed the class, and would take another class with her.
4.0 : Dr. K is a cool guy. Material isn't very hard if you pay attention. You literally go to class for attendance points, take some notes, and take the exams. Study using MyFinanceLab, it saves lives (literally pulls  50% of questions). It's almost impossible to fail or receive anything lower than a C because his curves are that generous.
3.5 : She evaluates students in her own way. Her daily courses are relaxing. She always arranges group chats in class. It is very hard to get a high score in her course. She really paid much attention on grammar problems in your papers.
4.5 : By far, my favorite professor at VT.  Dr. Harvill is brilliant, fun and delightfully quirky.  The best.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Very passionate about Shakespeare &amp; it's evident in her teaching. Participation is key -- read aloud in class &amp; it will pay off. If you don't, you will need to write 7 short papers. Gives a few quizzes but she is very clear about what is on them. Final paper at the end of the course but it's easy b/c it's opinion-based.
5.0 : I loved Dale! He's a super tough grader, but in a media writing class, you NEED that. He made me an immensely better writer in AP style. Can't say enough about how much he cares for his students. I still have him proof things for me a year after taking the class. Take this class.
5.0 : I'm an international student and I would recommend this class for the other international students.
4.0 : She was a really good prof. The class is really easy, and all she asks is that you just do the work. Three major essays, but they're an easy B if you show some effort and an easy A if you follow her criteria. Just show up and be respectful and she's a great person for English. Hell, we did an entire presentation on Elf and the group got 100's.
4.5 : got to work hard and go to class, it is a hard class but great professor
5.0 : great, great professor. really wants you to succeed. go bug him for help. he's glad to give it you.
5.0 : Dr. Yee was amazing. He knew what he was talking about and made sure that we did too. He stops to ask for questions a lot, and he really cares about our grades. He will meet with you for questions all the time and holds lots of review sessions. He made funny jokes and told funny stories. I understand and enjoy chemistry a lot more because of him.
5.0 : Cool. HE REPLIED TO MY EMAIL.
4.5 : Explains it so well and really cares what his students think. He gives easy in-class quizzes that are exactly from the HW, so it really helps your grade. His tests are hard but he gives you a lot of worksheets and last years test to improve. He moves pretty quickly, but has really good demonstrations and is funny, so its worth taking his class!
4.5 : Demonstrations in class really help students grasp the concepts. Provides numerous resources for students to use in order to succeed on the exams. Responds to emails and answers questions that you have so that you really understand. Hilarious during lecture, but when you're one-on-one he's more serious and intent about you understanding the concept
5.0 : He's awesome and super nice
4.5 : I absolutely love him! He makes me want to go into Geology. Just go to class and you'll be fine!
3.0 : He's a nice guy &amp; cares about what he teaches. The entire grade is based off the tests and one huge research project, which is not very relevant to the class and will take you all semester unless you want to spend the 3 weeks before it's due with no sleep. The tests are hard but he puts a big curve on them. If you dont go to class you wont do well.
5.0 : Professor Spotlia is really cool, his lectures can be boring but he makes the information really really clear so that even tough concepts are easy to remember and understand. As long as you study all the lecture notes for each exam you will do really well in the class. Don't wait till the very last minute on the portfolio project especially videos.
3.5 : His lectures can get bland, but you fill in the blanks for his notes, so better pay attention.  Miss a day? Miss lecture notes, question of the day, and possibly details for an assignment for your portfolio (don't put off till last minute!!).  Tests are kind of hard, so study up for any exam or test because they count!  Struggled to make a B.
5.0 : I took the honors 1204 class, and was concerned with how I would do but Mengert proved to be a very good professor. Her criteria were very clear, and while there were light reading assignments, nothing too heavy. Paper assignments were very clear, and ample resources and effort were given by her to ensure we all had the chance to do well!
5.0 : I absolutely loved Dr. Evans for Biology 1004. It's very rare for him to give out hw but they're easy A's if you review his examples in the book. Dr. Evans praises those who come to class by giving free 100's to those who are there right as class starts or will hand out homework at the very beginning or end of class. Overall an amazing professor!
5.0 : Jack Evans was my teacher for bio 1004 but he was also much more than that. He's so quick to help students and give them advice on their academic careers and more.  He's insightful, knowledgable, and reassuring, and not to mention hilarious.
5.0 : By far the best teacher i have had at Virginia Tech. He genuinely wants you to succeed and he will bend over backwards to help you do so. He has impacted my writing in ways all past professors have failed. I wish every student could spend a semester with Heilker, if you get the chance, TAKE IT!
5.0 : By far the best teacher I've ever had. Super sweet, really smart and knows what she's doing. Very willing to help. Also super interesting class. She's strict with attendance because you kinda have to be there to follow along. But she has a good reason to be. I love this class, and I actually look forward to it.
4.5 : I took him during winter and it was awesome. It was still really hard and took 10 hours a day but I really understood the material and Dr. Hendricks  really took the time to answer questions and explain concepts fully.
4.0 : Dr case writes on a chalk board with very clear handwriting. The pace is good, his lectures are thorough, and he's meticulously methodical and thorough. Between his teaching method and the excellent book, the he presents the subject in a clear, logical progression. Tests are challenging. The class fabricates and tests a composite plate.
1.0 : irate a few times... students had to rectify the problem
5.0 : Terrific neuroscience type with lots of clinical experience in the medical center.
5.0 : His class is fairly easy as long as you're good about time management with reading the textbook. A very manageable ten pages a day was all I needed to feel kept up in the class. The lectures are really easy to pay attention to because his stories are either interesting or pretty funny. Major key:He literally reads the test the class before the exam
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I've had so far at tech. He is very caring, keeps the class engaged with entertaining examples and humor, and is an overall amazing and caring guy. Its helpful to read the text for the class and going to his lectures/taking notes is very helpful for the tests
3.0 : You gotta read the textbook. He's very dependent on that. It is important that you also look at his power points he posts ahead of time. It's really hard to keep up with him. He goes off on tangents sometimes about his family or his cat. He's kind of funny sometimes too.
4.0 : He burns through topics quickly! But he is a very smart man and surprisingly, I did do well in his course :P.
4.0 : Dr. Samanta is really nice and she knows a lot about her subject. She tends to repeat herself sometimes and talks a lot, but she assigns interesting readings and tries her best to encourage class discussion. Most of the grades come from papers, as well as a few presentations. She grades fairly easily on the assignments.
5.0 : Amateis knows chemistry and is clear is lecture.  Always helpful in class, after class, office hours, ect. Wouldn't want to take this class from anybody else because she is most likely writing the tests, and teaches to that. I still didn't do great on tests, should have put more work into studying.
5.0 : I like her. She is really patient and caring during her office hours or whenever you ask her questions. She makes sure that you understand the problems. Her class is big but also efficient.
4.0 : Awesome lectures, best chem teacher on campus
5.0 : I think Amateis explained everything extremely well. I liked chemistry, so I thought it wasn't a terrible class, but most people did.
5.0 : Amateis is my absolute FAVORITE chem professor. She knows her stuff and is such a funny and kind woman. People call her "mama-teis" because of how kind and caring she is. She wants everyone to do well. I had to re-take chemistry because I was going to fail lat semester. Now, I have one exam and a final left and I have an A- in the class. Study!!!!
3.5 : Go to class do the homework on your own and take the practice exams (which I found easier than our exams) to see what you're not getting and you'll do fine.
4.0 : Good teacher but does not always cover all content for exams in class.
5.0 : Amateis is such an amazing teacher. The class is still really hard, but she explains everything so well and always makes herself available outside of class is you need extra help.
5.0 : Dr. Amateis is a really cool professor. She has a clear passion for chemistry, and it really shows in her lectures. Her lectures are interesting, and sometimes she can be really funny. Going to lectures is mandatory since she asks iClicker questions that count as a participation grade.
3.5 : I am terrible at chemistry but this professor is amazing and she helped me learn a lot. If you aren't good at chem, this class will be a challenge nonetheless
2.0 : While I am sure Professor Amateis is a brilliant woman and has made many contributions to Virginia Tech, her teaching style was rather dull and repetitive. The problems we did in class were very simple compared to what was on the test and this hurt my test scores.
4.0 : Very kind and happy to take a moment to explain things to you. Also cute and geeky. Loved having him!
5.0 : Professor Morris is very nice and helpful but his lab is difficult. Stay on top/ahead of the work load. Read the stuff in the book that pertains to the lab being done that week. The instructions in the lab manual are not enough usually. He expects you to come up with some instructions for the experiment. Some TAs are nice and helpful, others aren't
5.0 : Joe Pitt is hilariously blunt, a good lecturer, and old-fashioned. He doesn't put anything online, so it is in your best interest to go to class. You also can't use electronics in class, but the class itself is very engaging, and usually consists of him briefly explaining a concept and then having a philosophical discussion with the class.
4.0 : The class I took was almost 100% participation based; if you didn't read you'd fail. She's a sweet, cool, hip lady with some great ideas. Really expects a lot out of you. Lots of essays and the finals were in-class essays as well (kind of intimidating). Grades hard: I was only .0-something away from getting an A and still gave me an A-.
4.0 : This a great class and Kwame is very engaged in the topic. You can see his passion for anthropology. It is also cool that he does anthropological research on the hip hop scene in San Francisco.  He is very lenient with attendance, but I found that I wanted to be at his class almost every day because I was excited about the class.
2.5 : Durrill isn't a bad teacher, but he's not easy either. Tough tests that don't really match the homework assignments. Boring and dry in class, but seeing his practice problems helps. I'd be prepared to use the book and online resources to teach yourself. Also, iClickers in class for a participation grade.
5.0 : best teacher Ive ever had.
4.0 : The course itself is very tough. As a professor, he a funny old man who is knowledgeable about chemistry. Unfortunately most of his notes are just examples, so I had to do some learning on my own. He does fun experiments in class and is willing to help you out in office hours. Real nice guy.
5.0 : good teacher
5.0 : Riffe is the best math teacher at VT and at the Gov School. This man is my hero.
4.5 : This is the kind of professor who really wants you to succeed. He is very  fun and encouraging but expects you to follow directions and fully participate in the class. If you do what you are supposed to do, you will do well in the class.
5.0 : Leads a wonderful discussion based class. No tests, a couple of 2 page essays. Do not recommend if you are a quiet, sit in the back of the class type of student.
4.0 : He's a nice guy and will definitely help you if you go to office hours.
2.0 : I was disappointed that she acted so biased in her attitude and daily bad judgments, poor decision making, when I asked about her research, I got not answers , but a barked, curt, dismissive, mean order to go to the library to do everything myself... she refused even a second for me.
3.0 : I only took this class for CLE6. It's not insufferable to sit through, and can be fun at times, but you'd rather be doing something else.
4.0 : I took this class for  CLE Area 6. It's 1 credit, pass/fail. All that is required is to attend 4 fine arts events throughout the semester and to take 4 very easy 20 question tests about each unit. Guest lecturers are also a big part of it.  Some of it is very boring, but some of it is very interesting, and it requires very little effort to pass.
4.0 : He was pretty nice and straight forward, TA sends a study guide for every test. No final exam.
5.0 : I took her for estimating and steel design.  Estimating was pretty boring.  She was an incredible steel teacher.  She gave great examples and was extremely helpful.  I think she is a great teacher.
5.0 : It's obvious she loves teaching, is enthusiastic about the topic. She really enjoys working with students. Can be snarky, but more funny than mean.
4.5 : -Have to go to class or pts deducted from grade -tests are easy if you know the vocab -don't wait until the last minute for the lemonade project!!! -not always clear about when assignments are due. ALWAYS check scholar -very enjoyable class, well respected professor with a lot of connections and knowledge about the business world, get to know him!
5.0 : Professor Skripak is the best teacher I have had a VT so far. He is great at helping students understand complex business terms and ideas. He makes the class fun and interactive. He really cares about the students and won't move on until you understand. Always available and communicates well. Truly the best professor I have ever had in my life.
5.0 : Professor Skripak is the man! He does such a fantastic job of keeping the class interactive by having discussion with students! He has worked for so many huge companies, so it's great to have a professor who can give real world examples that he has actually experienced. He's extremely personable, and he clearly teaches strictly because he loves it.
4.0 : Great professor if you do all the reading and show interest in the subject. 3 tests in total, read all textbook chapters right before the test and you should be fine. Free responses are pretty random and one of them on the first test wasn't covered in class (read the book). Attendance will either give u extra credit or deduct points from the test!
5.0 : Great guy
4.5 : Very nice and helpful.  Also promptly responds to emails but does make his class difficult and extremely hard to get an A-/A.  Word of advice get TA help.
4.5 : Very helpful, goes beyond to help students understand the information.
5.0 : Dr. Opell is the sweetest old man always wearing pretty much the same denim shirt. His lectures are interesting since he shows videos and they are easy to follow because he supplies handouts and lecture basics on canvas. The tests are pretty much the homeworks, so studying for those and your notes makes it easy to get a good grade.
5.0 : This guy is just a really cool dude
5.0 : Makes class super interesting and worth learning. Work isn't too bad. Gives you a lot of chances to maintain an B or above in the class.
4.5 : Ms. Vance is the most interesting teacher I've ever met at Tech. It's hard to explain what this class is about, but as long as you are okay with some writing and reading, TAKE THE CREATIVE PROCESS. It's one of those classes you will remember when you graduate.
5.0 : Professor Young is great guy and is very easy to get along with. I had him for CEE 2814, and I chose to take his land development class next semester, if that says anything. The workload for his courses with labs is primarily in the lab. He assigned 4 HW assignments all semester because he recognizes this. Great professor: Very smart.
4.0 : Took for Methods.  Do the readings, turn in notes, study for his 2 vocab tests, and get started on your paper early.  The paper required for Methods is 15-20 pages, so don't put it off.  He's helpful with your paper if you bring questions to him.  Cannot place enough emphasis on not procrastinating with your paper.
4.5 : Excellent Professor. Super clear, posts lectures online, tests are straight from lecture notes. You DO have to study to get an A or B, but passing this class just isn't difficult if you half pay attention and study just a bit. He's a great guy, I found him extremely interesting. His examples are amusing and relatable. Take him!
4.5 : Prof. Trost explains material in very thorough detail. His tests are not hard, just study and practice. He will give iClicker questions and tell you the answer literally minutes before. He likes to joke and will cut everyone the same amount of slack. Don't abuse it.
3.5 : Need to go to class because he has iclicker for participation. Gives online hw twice a week, which is good portion of your grade. There were only 3 test and the final. He drops one. The final is difficult but fair. Have to study and go to class. If youre on top of everything it is easy to get a B.
4.0 : Okay he is a great professor, very knowledgable and knows what he is teaching. However this class is a huge lecture class and its absolutely hard because you really need to pay attention. SIT IN THE FRONT. You have to read and keep practicing graphs. If you mess up that is YOUR problem and he really does NOT care and will not be nice about it.
3.0 : Trost is cool, his exams are not easy so definitely study. Pay attention and keep an A on participation and homework so you have some wiggle room on exams. Final is cumulative, but if you do well on the exams its not difficult.
5.0 : It's hard to imagine a guy I would rather take this class with. The material isn't that hard in general but he does a good job of making it relatable. A lot of his old tests are on koofers because he lets you keep them to study with.
4.5 : I enjoyed the  class to a point. He is a very straight forward guy and he drops your lowest test score out of 3 tests. I would take him again.
3.0 : Exams were tough, homework doesnt correlate to exam questions,material is difficult if you dont "think like an economist"
4.0 : He's hilarious and sarcastic, great personality, very organized professor. His tests are pretty difficult.
4.0 : Trost is a good professor but he moves quickly which was hard for me sometimes. I got a D and an F on the first two tests but then I learned how to study for them and got a B on the last one. Each test covers about 7 chapters and they were hard. but pay attention in class, do the extra credit &amp; homeworks and study a ton and you'll be okay
4.5 : Professor Lewis is an amazing professor. She clearly loves her work and it shows during lectures. The material is interesting and the book is fairly easy to follow. Some of the assignments can be time consuming, so don't procrastinate. Clear grading, willing to help, iClickers and pretty straightforward exams.
4.0 : All the tests are online. The in class iclicker participation ended up being 10 extra credit.  All exams were online (5) drops one, actually hard if you dont know anything. The 50 extra pts saved my grade. gives project which are an easy 260 pts. Doesnt talk about assignments in class, so ALWAYS look at her online schedule for due dates.
5.0 : She was so sweet and pretty laid back. Class was never hard. Exams are on canvas. Online text book. One huge 4 part project but easy A.
4.0 : She is a bit monotone. Personally, she was rude to me via email, but never when I met with her in person. I assume that's because she'd misread my emails. She's not very good with technology either, so sometimes she will mess up during class. Her exams are pretty easy and so is her project. She offers a ton of extra credit. She's a very sweet lady.
5.0 : Dr. Wemhoener is an amazing teacher. She is by far one of my favorites. Her classes do require a lot of reading, but it is an English class. Even if you do not like a particular reading, she is able to interest you in some way during her lectures. I look for any chance to take a class of hers.
3.5 : Tests are tough- get progressively harder, need to go to class to do well (even though he gives you lecture notes, he mentions additional thing in class), if he is ever out ALWAYS watch the assigned video lectures, super nice guy, loves teaching, can be very monotone at times so sit close to the front, go to class on Halloween :)
4.5 : While Dr. Via's class is not mandatory, it is necessary. He is really sweet and is thoughtful. He makes jokes throughout the test to ease your mood. He offers study guides, but you still need to go to class in order to do well. He is soft spoken so sit in the front.
3.0 : Class is not mandatory and he gives you notes, however his tests are based on details he mentions in class. There only 3 test and they get progressively harder. however, Via is a nice guy and one of the best general bio teachers.
3.5 : He loves what he teaches and will gladly talk to you more about it outside of class. He is a very genuine guy and is a well liked professor. His tests are pretty hard and he goes through the slides very quickly, so take pictures with your phone and copy them later. Need to pay attention to details for the test. Go to class on Halloween!
4.0 : I took ENGL 1106 with Mrs. Ruccolo as one of my first classes at the University and she made my transition super easy and offered guidance beyond just in the classroom. She genuinely cares about how you do in the class and offers extra credit at the end of the course in order for you to succeed.
4.0 : A bright professor. Upbeat class pace, daily journal entries, three large assignments. Very do-able. EC, paper revisions, fun texts, class videos. Never felt repetitive or like a chore Made me upset to be done with English forever.
4.5 : I took her freshmen honors english class and she's great. We only have three papers and no tests. She's a really easy grader and is eager to help and tells you exactly how to write the papers. She's also pretty funny. Would reccommend
5.0 : Great Teacher.  Has me thinking extremely hard about Quanitative Genetics for Grad School.
5.0 : Russell Green is laid back and gives his students plenty of chances. He can make the most tedious material interesting though. He's also kind of hot for an older guy. (my opinion)--
4.5 : Dr. Parrott is a wonderful woman and will do anything she can to help you. Her classes are very straight forward, but the tests don't seem to line up with the coursework 100%. She also grades tests way more stricter than she does assignments so it isn't very accurate feedback from assignments.
5.0 : She was my favorite teacher! Very entertaining and has a great personality.  She's always willing to help whenever she can :)
5.0 : Tokuhisa was a fantastic teacher. He genuinely cares about his students and works really hard to make the class interesting for them. He is easily approachable and very helpful when you take the time to go and talk with him.  You have to work hard, but taking a class with him is worth it.
3.0 : This class is difficult in its own right, but with him be ready to read the textbook and go to all the lectures just to scrap by with a C. his teaching style is horrific and i would just recomend dropping the class or not taking it with him if possible.
5.0 : Best prof here
5.0 : Dr. HB is one of the most genuine people you will ever meet. She sincerely cares about what she teaches and her experience with the subject matter is evident. She makes class interesting with many anecdotes about her experiences teaching. She tells a lot of relevant info that isn't on the powerpoints, so take good notes.
4.0 : I had to take Intro to History because I'm a history major and I ended up really enjoying the class. She's really quirky and open to help! She's super passionate about history and classics!
5.0 : Mrs. Becker made my class a great experience. She was very engaging and taught with stories that made it easy to recall concepts. Because of this class and Mrs. Becker's phenomenal teaching I will be minoring in classical studies.
5.0 : Dr. Harrison is by far the best professor I've had at Tech. She's very good at teaching the material because she has real-life experience back everything up and tells hilarious stories about her kids. She's very sweet and is easy to talk to. I loved this class and looked forward to it every week. Make sure to dress up on Halloween for her class!
4.0 : Good teacher. Loves teaching.
5.0 : Great professor!! Made intro to human geography super interesting. Lectures were very easy to follow and kept you listening. Made jokes throughout his lectures and relates to students. No textbook but in order to do well on tests you have to do the assigned readings. If you have the opportunity, have him as your professor!!!!!!
5.0 : Bob definitely knew what he was teaching and works hard to make his lectures interesting. He takes random attendance using TopHat, but you want to go to class anyways because a lot of the time he includes pictures from his powerpoint on a test and asks you to write what was discussed.
4.0 : Dr. Bob made this class so interesting and spoke on important issues with a refreshingly respectful and insightful perspective.
3.5 : Take Bob for your intro class, you won't regret it!  His lectures are entertaining and he is hilarious and fun.  His tests consist of anything from his lectures so just write down the important slides to make your own study guide. Assignments aren't hard, show up to class for the random participation grades.
4.0 : The material is mind-numbingly boring but professor jones does his best. He is a nice guy and he is always willing to help if you have problems. The tests are really hard but there is usually a curve.
4.0 : Attendance isnt mandatory Tests are pretty difficult The certificates are a big part of your grade Lots of extra credit
5.0 : Best Professor in the Political Science Department
2.0 : H is very passionate and very, very smart,but one of the most unorganized people I have met. At the start of the semester, focused on a lecture format tied closely with the textbook, but drifted off as time went on and attempted to throw too much into the course. Has the potential to be one of the best professors on campus if he cleans up his desk.
4.5 : This was the class with the most fun I took in VT. The textbook was the worst, but he compensated. I liked classroom activities and discussions.
5.0 : If you want a teacher that cares about you and wants you to grow your critical thinking and writing skills, Professor Hidalgo is the one. His class is definitely not easy, but it's absolutely worth taking - he will sit down and review a paper with you and help you improve every sentence, even every word. I'm a better writer because of Dr. Hidalgo.
5.0 : It was a difficult course. The homeworks were very tough. One had to read a lot of research papers to attempt the homeworks. However, almost everyone got A in the course.
4.0 : She is the nicest and most personable professor I ever had. She has your back if the math department is trying to pull a fast one on the students and helps you out in every way possible. Can be a tad bit hard to understand sometimes but her massive enthusiasm makes up for it.  Take her if you can
4.5 : Hands down best Calc1225 professor out there. She is extremely efficient and goes at a fast pace but very welcoming of questions. She loves to give extra credit and will basically do whatever you need to pass the class... trust me. She is also EXTREMELY friendly and truly a good person. Exams are consistent with examples from class.
4.0 : Make sure you go to class. Homework isn't that bad. Watch out for the pop quizzes.
5.0 : An awesome lady! She's tough but very kind and extremely fair, I'd take her again in a heartbeat. Spanish was my weakest class, the one I struggled the most with, and she made it not only understandable but enjoyable. Absolutely superb!
5.0 : Dr. Pitt obviously really cares for and respects his students. Tests are very hard, but if you do the HW and practice exams and put in the effort while studying, you can do well in this class and you will learn a LOT. A really nice guy who works hard to listen when you're confused and find a way to help you understand. Can use int'l text or 3rd ed.
5.0 : E&amp;M is not an easy course, but Dr. Pitt is one of the best and most knowledgeable professors to have for the class. His tests are very similar to the homework, and he is up front about that fact. He does his very best to prepare you, but the subject is simply not easy. Grades are on a curve, class averages on tests will be in the 50s.
5.0 : Great professors. Very engaging lectures, and always tells funny stories about his experiences in class. He is very helpful after class if you have questions as well. I would highly recommend him.
4.0 : wayyy better than any other BIT 2405 teacher. I went to maybe like three classes the whole semester and still did fine because I did the homework, which sometimes can be time consuming but its not really hard. Theres only like three long assignments but other than that it's pretty easy to get done and over with, plus you have a week to do it.
3.5 : I really enjoyed Satterwhite's class. The class was essentially composed of completing 3 essays evaluating topics read outside of class and discussed in-class. Satterwhite promoted interesting discussions and debates on popular culture topics. Great class if you have space in your schedule!
5.0 : Very entertaining lectures and not too much work as long as you pay attention and show up.
5.0 : Really nice professor! Did not take attendance but will give extra credit sometimes for classes before breaks. Tests are somewhat challenging, just make sure you are in class that's really where the information comes from.
4.0 : He's awesome!
5.0 : GREAT teacher! He makes the class fun to go to. His test are some what "hard" but he goes over everything in the notes. I didn't really need the textbook to pass his class. Just take good notes and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Easy class to take, very informative, easy for an extra credit hour. Mostly have panels to inform you about what you can do to prepare for college. Minimal work really only one paper with a few minor assignments that take 10 minutes. Best to go to class to write assignments
4.0 : Most interesting class I have ever taken! The professor is very passionate and excited about all the topics. Best AREA 2 to take! A few papers but follow the guidelines and you will get a high grade. 2 books to read, only need to read few chapters of one of them. ALWAYS right the vocab on the board down!!! Have to go to class to do well!
4.0 : great
4.0 : He is a great teacher. He cares a lot about human development and the success of his students. I recommend him as a professor and I recommend human development as a class if you like psychology and children.
5.0 : Professor Komelski is super passionate about the subject, so it's really enjoyable to hear his lectures. Also, he's caring about his students and always wants to help his students no matter what. It's nice to have a professor who cares so much about his students. The material itself is kind of dry but his class makes it all worth it!
5.0 : He is one of my favorite professors. He cares a lot about his students and loves answering questions. He plays videos a lot and his class has been an easy A.
5.0 : Dr. Komelski is one of my favorite professors. He's extremely caring for his students &amp; is always happy to answer questions. He's really passionate about the subject so his lectures are interesting &amp; fun. He randomly gives small writing assignments at the end of class. There are only 2 (easy, open note) tests (midterm &amp; final). There's 1 easy essay
5.0 : Interesting course on fluid mechanics.
4.5 : Techniques for exfoliation of small animals was particularly useful.
5.0 : Professor Khansa,  Was a very good professor. I can honestly say she was available 247. Most teachers take a while to get back to you but she was very expedient when it came to answering questions. She was very organized and really took her job seriously.....
4.0 : I highly recommend this class. The material and the professor is interesting. there is no final, the only grades are having 6 comments in your sketchbook at the end of the semester and taking a 10 question online quiz after every class.  There is a lot of extra credit points you can receive to get an A, too.
4.5 : You must go to class everyday and CANNOT be late whatsoever (even being one minute late will not be tolerated). He expects much peer critiquing and communication among the class. Talks a lot during the in class critique... Lots of work has to be done outside of class (so lots of studio time if you want an A).
5.0 : Greg is an amazing teacher and is tough. You will get great feedback and a teacher who really cares about how you are and where you are in progress. If you get him for studio you won't regret it he pushes you to be the best and rise above to the top. He will give you his STRONG opinion on EVERYTHING! lol but he's great nonetheless I loved it.
5.0 : ITDS1114 ended up being completely different from what I expected, but I loved it. Greg put together such interesting lectures that really made me think about the issues he presented and I felt like I took away so much from this class. I continue to research and discuss ideas presented in this class in other classes and everyday life.
2.0 : This professor says some interesting things, however, none of it has anything to do with design. This professor teaches design appreciation as more of a history course.
4.0 : Professor Tew's Design Appreciation class was excellent, highly recommend! His lectures are very well put together and relevant to society, and his topics are interesting. Go to class, do the homework and any extra credit, and make sure to write plenty of thoughts in the sketchbook. Great class
4.0 : Really easy class, took it in a day. Just used notes available online and took quizzes at my own pace. His class is the most solid GPA booster,
5.0 : Overall, Professor Amini was one of my favorite professors I have had so far at Virginia Tech. He knows everyone in class on a first name basis, which makes you feel more confident to ask questions when you have one. He also managed to keep the class attentive by cracking jokes and making the class laugh.
5.0 : I had a wonderful experience in his class. This class, while rigorous, was a very interesting concept. It applied economics to finance and made me think in ways that I was not used to. Also coming by office hours to discuss questions with you was very helpful. It solidified and reinforced what we have been learning and how to apply it to real world
5.0 : Shahram is probably the best instructor I've had in this business school. He actually cares how his students perform. He really made me understand the materials given. I always felt like if I had any questions or comments that I was free to ask at any time. I really have enjoyed having you as a professor, you are hilarious. Keep up the good work.
5.0 : The best taught class I have taken at Virginia Tech. I really liked how the notes, quizzes, and assignments were all very relevant to the exams which helped me retain the material easier. Definitely a better teaching style than the other professors who teach this class. He has a great sense of humor and makes you laugh! Highly recommend him!
5.0 : Great guy all around.  Extremely open to questions during class and enormously helpful when I visited his office.  Even thought the material was extremely difficult, he somehow found a way to make it seem approachable.  Never once did I witness even the slightest bit of arrogance or condescension from him.  Go to class - he's better than the book.
4.0 : Rossi is a great teacher for Linear Algebra. His homework is tough, he doesn't let anything slide, he grades his tests a lot easier though. Best teacher out there.
5.0 : Easily one of the best math professors I've ever had. VERY organized, explains everything in a way that is easy to follow, and looks like Michael Cera. Just come to class everyday, do your homework, and you should get an A. I sit in the front of the class so when the tests are handed out I see everyone's grades. The people who don't come all fail.
5.0 : She was a very helpful and informative professor. She really cared whether or not you understood the material. You MUST however show up to class or you WILL have a difficult time in this class if you haven't taken AP chemistry before. She really likes it when you go to her office hours and help sessions as it develops a more one-on-one connection.
1.5 : She's not good at teaching. She is good at lecturing. The class is boring and sucks, but if you study and work hard you will do fine. If you enjoy chemistry then you'll definitely be fine.
3.5 : Arachige is pretty easy to understand after a few classes. Her accent just takes a little getting used to. The class is easier as it's a lot of material from high school Chemistry, but the book and online resources will definitely be useful. She drops 1 of 4 exams and has in class iClickers.
4.0 : After having not-Arachchige last semester and having her this semester, I can say that, although the material and exams are the same across Gen Chem classes, it really does matter who is lecturing. I really understood concepts when she taught them and I would highly recommend her. She also has extensive office hours, so you can always get help.
5.0 : They say professors can make or break the class. She explains concept clearly and her powerpoint notes are always posted. Had friends with other professors who wouldn't release notes?!? Best gen chem prof out there. Bonus: she's kinda funny and talks to student about things other than chem
4.5 : Dr. Arachchige is one of the best professors I've ever had. She is so clear and cut when it comes to teaching difficult concepts in a difficult (for me, anyway) subject. Her notes are easy to follow, doesn't make you write them all by yourself, will help if you need it, tests are "hard", but only if you are ill prepared.
5.0 : Go to office hours and exam review sessions. Really take time to understand the learnsmart homework assignments and you'll be fine.
5.0 : She is a good teacher when it comes to her explanation skills and how she answers questions.  She is straight forward on what we need to know.  Her office hours and review sessions are extremely helpful and imperative for the average student to succeed.
5.0 : I love her! Her accent might be hard to understand at first, but very good professor! Lectures can get kinda boring though
5.0 : Really good professor. Knows the material extremely well and really knows how to explain topics. She cares about her students. Chem is a tough class so going to class is very important.
4.0 : Professor was easy to understand and was fair. Just pay attention in class and use the practice tests and worksheets, you'll do fine.
5.0 : Slimane is a good professor for Intro to Linear Algebra. He is a fairly good humored Elderly Algerian man who knows a lot about his area of expertise and always thoroughly explains the material. He loves questions, and although he is a tough grader, he definitely makes sure that everyone understands why they got marked off and how to improve.
5.0 : Plotica is one of the best professors I've had at Tech. His lectures are very easy to follow and he really knows his stuff. He also treats his students with a lot of respect.
5.0 : Almas Khan is the man. He makes studying Electromagnetism fun. I really enjoyed his class, and wish he taught higher level physics/engineering  classes.
5.0 : I think Khan is a fantastic Lecturer. Every lecture he is passionate about what he is talking about. He is also an all around good person. For example, he delayed our first homework assignment because he knew that everyone was too hungover from the first football game of the season. Amazing guy, would definitely recommend you take him.
5.0 : Almas Khan is a very interesting and amazing professor! He will teach you not only physics but also knowledges from different areas because he has a  lot of stores. He may even influence your life if you try to talk with him often. I like him very much! By the way, Physics is always easy!
4.0 : Almas is a great professor to have for lecture, despite the out of major Physics classes being pretty low quality. He does a good job at explaining some simple topics, but can skip over derivations and integrations that can leave you confused. He is funny, curves the class well, and makes lecture more engaging than most other professors.
5.0 : Loved Shinualt and her classes are easy. If you show up sometimes and participate every now and then you will likely get an A. Her classes made me feel like i was back in high school. When producing a paper, she asks you to turn in rough drafts and brainstorming work, also she gives you LOTS of time on assignments.
5.0 : Annie truly cares about her students' success. She is upbeat, fun and manages to still teach the material in a way that has a lot of real world application.
2.5 : Took Sociology of Islam because I thought it will be about ISIS and terrorism. My mind was open to all kinds of issues -- what is the state? how does religion form in first place? why does religion produce violence? global economy relates to terrorism. what is ummah? This class turn out be best class I ever took at VT. We make syllabus together!!
4.5 : Piece took this class as a requirement for minor and thought it would be boring but easy. It definantly wasn't boring. It was harder than I thought but we got to choose what kind of work, so exams were optional or you could do other things. Gary is so funny and he really makes you think. Discussions are key so you sort of have to come. Loved it!!
4.5 : First day Gary asked us do robots have a gender? can robots be gay? Mind blown. This is not about being down on guys but you won't even know what "guys" means half way through the class. Favorte class. Love love it.
1.0 : Mr. Prewitt is pretentious and arrogant. He does not have positive attitude. He always spoke down to me :(
5.0 : I am a first year student at Columbus State Community college, my background in English is.. sub-par to put it the best I can.  This teacher thought me more in one semester than I learned my entire High School.  He actively listens and does an amazing job helping you understand your mistakes.  I would recommend this class to ANYONE.
5.0 : Mr. Gibbs was a great teacher and really helped me develop my writing skills even as a Biology major. If the papers were turned in on time and the writing challenges were written, the class was an easy A. Definitely recommend getting to know him and asking him for feedback and notes!
5.0 : Mr. Gibbs made english for a science-major as pain free as possible. There was quite a lot of small assignments each week building up to the big research paper at the end. Gave so much feedback on your writing and how to improve. Class discussion was great.
5.0 : One of best professors at Virginia Tech.  I learned so much in this class, and she makes it interesting.  Her grading for writing assignments really helps you improve your writing.  Exams are difficult, but she prepares you well and gives a study guide. I have taken several online classes, and this was the best!
5.0 : Consumer Culture in the US with professor Bunch-Lyons was the most interesting and useful History course I have ever taken-period!!!  She taught us about capitalism, debt and credit in the US, and the stock market.  The books and articles for the course were great. Research projects were done in stages and she gave feedback at every stage, helpful.
5.0 : Romanella is the bomb!! She's so sweet and is very passionate about teaching. There are 3 exams that aren't that hard. The rest of the assignments are group work and it's easy! She really cares about her students and wants everyone to do well. Take her!!
5.0 : Took a class from her at Radford. Solid teacher, pretty easy, more than willing to help you before exams.  All power-points are online. Only reason to attend class is the groupwork she routinely gives to be completed in-class.
5.0 : ME2024 is a broken course, and that's not really Clark's fault. He's a great guy that tries his damnedest for his students, but the course material sucks. He is the best option for this course. I luckily had him but my friends have horror stories for other ME2024 professors. In any other course, he would be my favorite professor, but here we are...
5.0 : Dr. Caa-Jimnez knows everything about Spanish culture and theory. She helped me to become a better writer, in teaching me to focus on key parts of analyzing the works that we covered.
5.0 : I've really enjoyed having Professor Cana Jimenez, I am a graduate student who has learned a lot in her classes!
4.5 : Really sweet lady. I don't know Spanish very well but she was so very patient with me :)
5.0 : He's an awesome professor - his lectures are really funny, but the course content and tests and stuff are really tough. He's more than willing to help you until you understand what he's talking about. He's incredibly knowledgeable about his subject, and I'm very glad I ended up in his class.
5.0 : Great guy and will help in office hours. Don't be too intimidated though he's a good teacher
5.0 : Stewart is one of the best professors I've ever had! He always takes time to listen to each student and is very approachable outside the classroom. Attendance isn't mandatory but you'll learn a lot from the lectures. Labs are a must but he helps out a ton with them.  Study for the tests and do the labs the final project should be easy. TAKE HIM!!
5.0 : Great guy, he seems uptight at first, but turned out to be one of my favorite professors at Tech so far. He uses a lot of questions from the practice tests he gives, which is the bomb. There are usually two homework assignments a week based on text book questions. While reading isn't mandatory, I highly recommend it (it's my biggest regret).
5.0 : One of my favorite CS professors I've had so far at VT. Lectures were engaging and participation was encouraged. He really knows his stuff when it comes to computers and was able to make lectures interesting and fun with jokes!
4.0 : Dr. Butt's offering of this course is very research-oriented; the class is based around reading, reviewing and presenting papers. The project is also basically as smallish research project.  You should take it only if you're really interested in OS and distributed systems.
5.0 : Amazing and inspiring professor. Makes concepts interesting and inspires one to think critically. No busywork or BS tests. By simply reading and joining the discussion, you'll learn and do well in the course. Common sense, right?
4.0 : Dr. White is really easy going and is straight forward about the material being taught. All tests are online and open note so if you take notes on the lectures, you can pass with no problems. He teaches things everyone should know for life, not just your major. Also, show up because he gives random extra credit for attendance.
5.0 : Doc White is one of the best profs i've ever had. Super nice and understanding. Lectures are entertaining (well, about as entertaining as taxes and retirement funds can be). Highly recommend him.
5.0 : Dr. White is an awesome teacher. He tries to entertain as much as he teaches. He pretty much throws extra credit at you. I definitely recommend Dr. White for any class he teaches.
5.0 : Best professor hands down. You will regret not taking Personal Finance with Dr. White.
4.0 : Dudek is naturally a good teacher and likes to make his class entertaining. The tests and homework are relatively easy and prepare you sufficiently.
4.0 : 8am sucks but she's sort of an easy teacher. She provides powerpoints so you can access them from outside of class. She does clicker questions. there are 3 tests and she provides a study guide for all 3 of them and they reflect what the test is actually going to be on. other prof suck but the 8am is worth the GPA tbh
4.0 : This is a tough class especially if you haven't taken Multivariable or Diff Eq. That said, Dr. Pleimling is MORE than willing to work with you during office hours and will do whatever he can to make you understand the material better.
5.0 : Nice guy, keeps class light by adding situational humor. Show up, make an A.
4.0 : He definitely knows his stuff, but his lectures are kinda useless. You still need to go for participation credit though. Tests are straight from the textbook, which is super easy to understand. Projects are simple. It's a big class so he actually doesn't care what you do in the class so long as you're quiet. Helpful if you need it.
5.0 : His class is more fun than Disneyland!
5.0 : She's fair and very knowledgeable. She makes class interesting and is pretty funny. Very helpful at office hours but get there early during test weeks. Attendance is not mandatory. She really cares about her students.
5.0 : She is an absolutely amazing teacher. I had her for Linear Algebra 2114 and she made the class interesting. She is always open to help at her office hours. Her tests are a little rough, but as long as you pay attention you're golden. She loves her classes as a whole.
5.0 : Hands-down the best professor I have had here. She was always very clear on what was due and when it was due. Linear is a tough class when you take it not at the empo but she taught the material very well and I have never succeeded in a math course at VT like I did in this course. Not an easy A but if you put in the effort you will succeed with her
5.0 : She's fabulous.
4.5 : Passed my research methods requirement by writing a paper on Game of Thrones and International Relations theory. Could've done better if I worked harder. Most of our assignments were geared towards our final project, either writing sections of our papers or doing critical analysis.
4.0 : Good
4.0 : Incredibly positive and helpful instructor. She finds a way to put a positive spin on the most cringe-worthy pieces and offers suggestions so that everyone feels good about their potential.
4.0 : Very nice person and interesting lecturer. He assigns lots of readings but he manages to explain them well in class. He makes things easier and clearer and he is a lenient grader
4.5 : Dr. Rothschild is one of the best professors on campus. She is a true intellectual, in the sense that she fosters intellectual curiosity among students and encourages debate. She is one of the top scholars in her field and it is an honor to study with a stalwart like her. As my Chair ( PhD Committee) she has been remarkable and truly supportive.
5.0 : I had the pleasure of taking all of Joyce's classes at VT between 2011 and 2013 while working on my Master's of Public and International Affairs (MPIA.) She is an incredible person -- she is warm, insanely smart and knowledgeable, and down to earth. Her classes were supportive on both an educational and personal level. She truly cares!
5.0 : Dr. Rothschild is a serious scholar who knows how link her theories with the students' points of view.  Due to her teaching philosophy of an integrative educator, Professor Rothschild expects the student to learn by experimenting with the literature.  The class amazingly  come alive as all students have a chance to collaborate.
5.0 : Great professor!
5.0 : This class was so interesting and informative. I feel more confident about my meteorology skills after taking the class. The two projects in this class made me use all the skills I learned, without being stressful, or overly time consuming.
5.0 : Makes class content fun and easy to understand.
4.5 : Awesome proff. Had him my first semester of engineering. He really made into to engineering enjoyable
5.0 : Do not need to buy a textboook for the class but there are a lot of readings from online articles.  Attending class is recommended for overall success.
2.5 : No respect whatsoever for his students. Extremely rude. He made part of the grading system completely and totally on how much he likes you, can drop you a letter grade. He'll have his TA teach the class so he can walk around and catch people on laptops, sleeping, etc. Confrontational, treats you like you're in middle school. Very hypocritical.
5.0 : True professional! Great teacher!
5.0 : Very professional! One of the best teachers I have had!
4.5 : He's a knowledgable professor as he is a lawyer. He is down to earth. He is fair and considerate. If you miss more than 3 classes you fail. If you only miss 3 classes or less you don't get penalized for it, which is an example of his understandingconsideration for students' livesschedules.
4.0 : I hated writing until Henry's class. He's the best, and super hot!
5.0 : She is super nice and encouraging. If you email her a draft of your paper, she will gladly edit it and provide helpful feedback to improve your grade.
5.0 : Dr. Bergamasco is a sweetheart. She is a great teacher and always willing to help!
4.5 : Professor Bergamasco is one of my favorite professors at Tech.  She is so sweet and works hard to make class fun!
5.0 : Fantastic class! Barbara is awesome and really loves what she does. She explains the material and gets you involved so you care too. Class was canceled frequently. As long as you take notes and show up for lab, easy A. I would most definitely take this class over again!!!
5.0 : This man has a lot to say and has interesting views on the world. Honestly the work is up to you. Either you do the work and get better at your discipline or not. It is a very free class. No specific rules. Other than don't miss a class.
4.5 : I had Dr. Chen at KU, and she is great! She is a very engaging lecturer and pretty funny. Although she can be a bit of a tough grader, she let students email her their papers/projects a few days ahead of the due date, and she would give feedback. She really wants her students to succeed.
4.0 : Three tests (fourth is dropped) and a final practically determine your entire grade. It is pretty much impossible to not get 100 on the homework unless you don't do it. While attendance isn't essential, you should definitely show up as the tests are based primarily on the lectures and not the textbook.
5.0 : Be ready for the god of chemistry, manly beards,  and  Coke Zero. Many called him "Professor Spencer", but I preferred "Daddy 'Coke Zero' Spencer." In all seriousness though, he was a very good professor, and made sure to explain concepts with concision and clarity.   Note: no curves on tests, and tests are a majority of your grade
5.0 : Overall a great guy. I would recommend staying for office hours which not only help you understand the course but also you learn about a very interesting human being. You have to study hard to do well in the class and be sure to do all the homework because that will help your grade in the end.
5.0 : This is my all-time favorite professor at Tech. Robinson is spunky and explains the material really well. She's passionate about what she's teaching and does a lot of fun demonstrations in class. I'm so glad I got her for E&amp;M for this semester!
4.0 : Alma is a very fun teacher and very enthusiastic about what she teaches. I would definitely recommend her to whoever has an interest in physics. The material can be difficult but if you make time to go to office hours you will do very well in the class.
5.0 : Great teacher. Was very clear in class and really enjoyed working with students to make them improve their grade.
5.0 : By far the best teacher I've ever had! Makes a big effort to get to know each of her students personally. Really accessible if you need her help, and encourages students to ask questions if they don't understand something. Explains hard concepts in a really clear way.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Very good at explaining hard concepts and makes class fun. Definitely recommend her.
5.0 : Alma is awesome!
5.0 : Alma is BY FAR the greatest professor/teacher I have ever had in my educational career. She makes physics so much fun but also explains it in a way that is easy to understand. She somehow manages to reach out to every single student in the lecture and makes sure you get it. Even though I didn't get an A, I promise you can't get anyone better!!!!!
5.0 : Useful class. Helpful and caring professor.
5.0 : Good pofessor
5.0 : Very hard, very thorough. Nearly everything gets a full proof. Not afraid to put something "new" the test, but you will always have covered the material needed. Grades everything himself and gives good feedback, in addition to solution guides for the tests and hw. Knows where each student is and encourages (sometimes requires) office hours.
5.0 : he explains the concept very well.
4.0 : Great at teaching the class. Gives clean and organized lecture notes. Homeworks take a while but are very rewarding and great preparation for the tests.
3.5 : Easily the best professor I've ever had in a math class (I am an engineering student) as far as teaching the content. However, he is a harder grader than any of the other professors, will get very frustrated with you if you ask a question he deems "silly". Half the class dropped out and the average for those left was around a D+.
4.0 : I had him for modern algebra.  He is a very good teacher but makes the class difficult far beyond necessity.  Weekly homework assignments took me about 6-10 hours each time and I had to go to office hours weekly as well.  Would not suggest missing class.  He's helpful if you ask questions, but his courses are incredibly challenging
4.0 : Here's a professor that knows the unexpected will happen in your life. He is there to help you - even if it means staying after half an hour to discuss things in the detail. Yes, he really cares more than others. Handouts in class, major assignments are essays, topics are things he's passionate about. Good human, good teacher. Definitely recommend.
5.0 : Arian is an awesome teacher who aims to help you improve not only in the classroom but outside of it. He is more than just a professor he is a friend. Arian understands that we were students and have our own things to deal with.  I wouldn't mind him teaching all of my classes. Down to earth dude with an intriguing attitude.
5.0 : He is AWESOME. As a Bio major only taking English as a requirement, I found that going to his class was the highlight of my week. He knew that most students were not as passionate about writing as most teachers think we are, so his approach was to get us writing about things that related to us. He is super personable and helpful. Take his class!
5.0 : He is one of the best English Teachers I have ever had. He is very relatable and class is never boring. He is one of those teachers that is so smart and you feel compelled to start using his vocabulary. English was definitely one of my best classes this semester. I hope to have him again as a professor in the future
5.0 : The single best teacher I have EVER had. Absolutely brilliant, clever, caring, and kind. Talks with the students like equals and makes class fun, but takes it seriously so you actually learn. He cares about students, Has brilliant ways of looking at the world, is understanding when it comes to workload &amp; helps with papers when you meet with him.
5.0 : Teach is amazing. His class was truly the best I had this semester. This professor is absolutely intelligent and has an outstanding look on all aspects of life. He is very helpful and has no problem staying behind class or coming in to meet with you if you are having any trouble at all on an assignment. I would recommend him to all for ENG.
5.0 : Incredible class, incredible professor.
5.0 : This stands to be the only English class I looked forward to attending. Arian is brilliant and opens your eyes to things beyond the class room. He structure of the course eliminates stress. He tries to guide you in each assignment as best as he can, but only enough to make sure your giving your best work unique to your life! Take any class with him
5.0 : He's honestly the single best professor I've ever had. Think Robin Williams in Dead Poet's Society. He genuinely cares about students and will challenge you to do your best whatever that looks like. He not only helped me in this class but with the rest of my semester. I cannot speak highly enough about him.
4.5 : This class is run in a way that goals are set by the professor in order to finish assignments on time. However there are often times pushed back due dates and things do not always get posted on time. Take this class if you are looking for a rad professor that is passionate about what he does and don't mind a laid back setting.
5.0 : Whichever class you take from Arian, make sure you listen to what he is saying. He says a lot of things, and beside the rare random tangents, he says meaningful information. The class is sorta all over the place, but if you don't know what's going on, he re-explains things until it makes sense. Always turn in your essays at the bottom of the stack.
5.0 : The Tale of Arian   Everyone is required to take 101and102, as it is one of the fundamental classes that will lead to the success of your essay and research assignments. Arian is one of the most influential teachers you could have, I took a total of three classes from him and all of which I came out with a new perspective of literature and creative
5.0 : Arian is one of my favorite teachers at TMCC. He is incredibly funny and he acts more like a friend than a professor. Always available after class if you need him, and the essays given are super interesting and fun. Not a hard class but don't take advantage of that. I would definitely take Arian again even if i didn't need his class for a credit.
5.0 : Arian is late every single day, so he doesn't mind if you are. As long as you put in the effort, he will pass you with a good grade. I took him during the summer and he wasn't organized due to his first time teaching a smaller semester, but soon enough he had it all figured out. He is willing to answer questions and help you after class.
5.0 : Seriously, take his class! He is hands down one of the best teachers I've ever had. Attendance isn't mandatory, but will def help your participation grade. Don't blow off the class discussions, it will kill your grade! Super random and out of the box thinker. Be prepared to know yourself a little bit better once the semester ends.
5.0 : Arian is a professor that will setup and balance a class full of humor followed by academic debates, open to all minds of the room. He is one of the most genuine professors there is. With youthful energy welcomed to college/university students. +Arian's poetry course also made even the most mathematic minds find beauty in the world and themselves.
5.0 : Really cares about his students' success. A professor that I will always remember.
5.0 : Honestly, Arian is probably the greatest teacher I've had my whole life. He doesn't put emphasis on core English topics, and that's one of the reasons why this class was so fun. He talks a lot about contemporary issues such as politics and race, and it's very insightful in a lot of ways. I can't wait to take his 102 class!
5.0 : He is extremely helpful and is always willing to meet up and help out.  He's funny, weird (but in a good way,) and is always straight with you. Occasionally late, but tries his best.  Gives numerous materials when preparing for a project.  Attendance isn't mandatory, but he does take it into account on workshop days. He makes the class fun!
5.0 : A great professor with a great personality. He takes the time to sit down with his students and gives valuable one-on-one advice. This was probably my most enjoyable class during my Freshman year.
5.0 : I recommend Arian to anyone who needs a little inspiration, wants to learn in a less stressful environment, and enjoy their time. I have never been more inspired by a teacher than I was by him. He loves his work. Not only did he teach our class material in an interesting way, but he reminded us all every day what it meant to really live and love.
4.5 : One of the best English teachers I've had, he was super chill. He will challenge you like every awesome teacher would do. He actually cares if you pass or fail and he's more than willing to help anybody, even people that are not in his class! Awesome teacher.
5.0 : Amazing teacher and an amazing person. Funny, and is one of the best teachers i ever had.
2.5 : Not many assignments. Just lectures. No text book which is kinda nice just handouts in class. Big assignments are essays
5.0 : The best professor I have had EVER!!! I could not have asked for a better person to help bring me back into the world of college. I can't say how many amazing things I will take away from Teach!!!
5.0 : very good teacher!!!
4.5 : Professor Coyle takes interest in his students at a research university where it is easy to find instructors who teach to fill requirements for PHD programs. He takes teaching as a opportunity to bring enthusiasm to a tougher subject. Research methods is usually one of those classes to grind through but Coyle brings about the practical implications
4.5 : Professor Heuermann is one of the nicest professors you will ever have. She loves when people participate and makes you feel awesome when you do. She sometimes goes on tangents and you can't tell what's important in her lectures, but it's not bad. Her tests (quizzes) are pretty tough, so read, and do the listening activities!!
5.0 : He is the best professor I have had in college so far.  He really cares about his students and his lectures are easy to follow.  Quizzes are given every class, so you have to go to class, but they are problems taken from the homework or lecture notes.  He gives you exactly what you need to study for tests and quizzes. I highly recommend his class.
5.0 : In a perfect world he would have taught every math class needed for my degree. The guy's textbook he wrote for the class is phenomenal, and it begins with a Terry Pratchett quote to boot.
4.0 : The first time I took a class with Gillman I couldn't stand her, then took a higher level class with her and loved her. She has a very strong personality that people either love or hate. She grades tough and doesn't take late work very often. Lots of reading, lots of discussion, lots of insight.
4.0 : Prof. Goff is a really helpful teacher and he is not an unreasonable person. He doesn't get to pick the things you have to do so for the class, most assignments are time wasters, but he tries to make the best of it. He is super friendly too and you have plenty of time to do all the assignments. He is also a chill grader.
4.0 : Dr. Goff was a fantastic professor. He only gave us one test (the MATLAB practical), but most of our grades came from group projects. He's hilarious and kept the class engaged.
5.0 : Great professor, is always funny and doesn't make his classes overly difficult.
5.0 : He is a part owner of a strip club in Atlanta, so you know he's a savage.  Also has a solid Future impression.
4.5 : She is a fantastic teacher. This class is almost exactly like a high school class and is an easy grade. The tests are all online. She has "homework" what is a worksheet with answers that are word for word in the book. Even though it is an easy class I feel like I learned a lot from her course.
4.5 : She is a very sweet lady who is passionate about the topic. This class is very discussion based. The exams are written papers and the final is creative writing. I feel like I have a much better understanding of the topic and can apply the ideas to my everyday life.
4.0 : Class is discussion based, so if you don't go to class, you won't do well on the papers or the tests.
5.0 : Great professor. Very professional. Went through material at a good pace where everyone would follow along. Would always happily stop to answer questions, even if they didn't relate. Usually an extra credit question on the exams &amp; quizzes. A big plus is that she gives a study guide and only puts questions from that on the exams. Optional final.
5.0 : Very fun &amp; easy class. It's a nice break from the hard core academic classes. You play theater games, learn some memory exercises, and of course present scenes from a play. Amanda offers extra credit by participating somehow with the productions put on by VT. You are graded on a mid term scene, final scene, and a journal.
5.0 : great class; best lecture notes I've ever seen
5.0 : Amazing professor, very approachable, great project guide to work with. I was working with Dr. Orlowski for my graduate research and project, and he always listened to any new ideas I had, and helped me in any possible way. As a lecturer, he explained all concepts clearly, and his tests were reasonable if you have paid enough attention in class.
5.0 : Dr.Stevens is awesome such a good percussionist!!
5.0 : Such an amazing and helpful teacher. She cares a lot for her students and makes class easy and fun to go to. Probably my favorite prof so far.
4.5 : Miss K is really cool, and she gives the best activities in class. She talks about zombies a lot, too. You have to write three essays and she grades them once. After she gives the essay back, you get to fix it and get a better grade. You really have to try to get anything less than an A.
4.0 : She is nice and ridiculously smart, but sometimes her accent makes her difficult to understand.
5.0 : One of the best math teachers I have ever had. She has the ability to make the most complex material so easy to comrehend. She really cares about her students and wants them to actually learn.
4.5 : Had Briggs in class and independent study at American Uhe's awesome! You'll love him if you're interested in development and/or African politics. Briggs' lectures are also fascinating, and he's very open to discussion. Briggs sometimes shuts down students, but only when they're being ridiculously dumb. Also a fair grader. Talk to him about Canada.
5.0 : Loves to write on the white board!
5.0 : This professor was very engaging, and made the material interesting.  At first I thought his English would be poor since he's from China, but his English was excellent. He did well at communicating with students, and I feel he was fair with grading assignments.
5.0 : Dr. Cline is very interested in his students and I got a lot out of his class.
5.0 : She made me think about architecture in ways I had never even considered before. Challenging, but truly excellent.
5.0 : Must go to class and pay attention but she's a great teacher and knows her stuff. And not hard on the eyes.
4.5 : Such a great teacher! She has been there and done that so she knows what she is talking about. If you HAVE to use your phone while in class then you might want to take her. She doesn't play when it comes to being on your phone. Get on her good side from the start and you two will have a great teacher student relationship the rest of the year!
4.5 : Great class.  Dr. Bond is a great instructor.
5.0 : Participate and go to class!  Dr. Norton is awesome!
5.0 : Dr. Dunnington is a wonderful professor and her classes are extremely interesting.
5.0 : He is such a great guy. This class really helped adjust to college first semester of freshman year. Would recommend all incoming freshman take this guy's class if they are in university studies. His class is usually fun and engaging. He is also a great academic advisor, take his class so you guarantee you get him as yours.
5.0 : Really awesome guy. I had him for Pathways to Success and as my University Studies academic adviser. He is very knowledgeable about the school and is super easy to talk to if you have any questions. (And he really loves his dog!)
5.0 : I thought that this class was going to be a joke, but it was actually VERY helpful with deciding a major and adjusting to college. Bruce is a great teacher and very caring about the success of a student. He is very approachable and extremely knowledgeable about majors. If you are Undecided I highly recommend taking this class! best thing I did.
5.0 : Dr. Bruce is one of my favorite professors. He is a great guy and has an even better sense of humor. He wants everyone to succeed and do well and gives really good advice. He's always available to answer questions of any kind. The class is really simple with just some short, basic assignments. I would take his class every semester if I could!!!
5.0 : Dr. Parrish is an absolutely amazing professor. I never leave ratings on here, but I just had to with this man. The books he assigns change your life and way of thinking, so you really should read them! All tests are take home and class is dedicated to discussion. He is very considerate of quiet students as well and doesn't force you to talk.
5.0 : Parrish makes English fun! Tests are take-home and he will basically review them with you before you turn it in. His class changed my life. (I'm not exaggerating). The books he picks are really cool, and he really helped me write better. Definitely recommend.
5.0 : I was really worried about this class, because Im not super strong in english. Parrish was fun and easy.
5.0 : His discussions are very open ended and he allows you to think independently.  The tests are flexible with typically over 15 essay prompt choices. Sit anywhere but engage in conversation, it's fun.
4.5 : Really one of the easiest English courses I've taken. He can be a quiet talker with bursts of impassioned, and he'll go off on tangents, but overall a great teacher who loves a good discussion. Also, he's one of the easiest graders you'll encounter in your academic career; you barely have to read the books. Just show up to most classes.
5.0 : Dr. Thomas is the bomb dot com. Cannot give enough praise. Enough said.
4.0 : Class wasn't too hard, just a lot of reading throughout the semester.  Participation matters so come to class prepared to talk about what you read.  Tests weren't hard, but were lengthy (at least 2 essays 3-5 paragraphs).  The more you participate and show enthusiasm the better you will do.
4.5 : This professor is amazing. He is HILARIOUS and makes boring material fun to learn. Tests are directly from lecture and textbook and his review sessions before the test make it impossible not to get an A. Highly recommend this professor!
4.0 : Cannon's lectures were dull but given his subject matter he did his best to make them fun by incorporating games and group work. His tests and quizzes were VERY VERY easy! On quizzes we were allowed to take it once, get the answers then retake the very same quiz. Needless to say almost every got a 100 on every quiz!
4.0 : It's a hybrid class: in class and online. It's an easy class as long as you do the online lessons. Quizzes and exams are online and timed! He puts the review games with the answers online. However, read the book because he includes content from the book, that can't be found on the review game, in the quizzes and exams. Boring content and attendance
4.0 : He is the best teacher I have ever had at VT!! Thanks professor Hamdy Fayez Mahmoud!!
5.0 : Dr. Merritt is an amazing professor. If you get the chance to take him, do it. He explains things really well if you ask questions and go to his office hours. Really cool guy. Looks like a Jay Crew model every day too. 3
3.0 : SUPER attractive.  Lectures are light on math even though tests arent
4.0 : Straightforward lecturer and a good teacher. He rambles a bit though.
5.0 : Merritt is a great choice. The lectures are as interesting as physics lectures can be, and he's funny and attractive, too. Tests are challenging, but he provides practice exams that are pretty similar to the real thing. I personally found the subject itself to be difficult, but with the grading distribution it isn't hard to do alright in the class.
4.5 : Awesome professor. Had her for both 3314 and 4414. She does an awesome job of making the material relevant especially since it's most likely a completely new topic. Some writing involved with cases.
5.0 : If you have a chance to take Dr. Carmichael, you should do so.  While there is a fair bit of work to do in this class, it is totally worth it to have a class with her. She is fantastic. She knows her material, and she knows how to teach it to others. She has a sense of humor. She's a great professor that everyone should experience!
5.0 : Great teaching style. She explains things clearly, uses good examples, and has a sense of humor. Also, the workload is very reasonable.
4.0 : I definitely enjoyed the class. She is super direct about everything that has to get done and how it's going to be graded. You only really need the textbook for filling out study guides and the case study project. She gives out 10 extra credit points just for coming to class. Her tests were fine as long as you do the study guide.
4.0 : Not going to babysit you but if you do the work you will pass!
4.0 : You need the book. He is nice but very straightforward. He does do a lot of cool activities in class to keep your attention. Hes a tough grader but willing to help you if you ask. Hes also good looking which helps. Lol
4.0 : This is a very hard class, but if you read and study you will pass. Dont take the easy way out with this class!
2.0 : Dr. Wiseman is probably one of the worst professors I've had a Virginia Tech. He already thinks you know everything about urban forestry in lectures but in his labs he treats you like you are 3 years old. His tests are really hard unless you already have some urban forestry background. Be prepare to be graded very hard after hours of hard work.
5.0 : You can tell Dr. Wiseman really cares about his students. This class is hard but he's always willing to help you if you ask.
4.5 : Great class! Hes a hard grader but really nice and is willing to help you!
4.0 : His accent was enjoyable to listen to.
5.0 : great teacher - get him for statics.
4.0 : Dr. Lord is a really funny and knowledgeable professor, if he isn't clear in class he's more helpful in office hours.
5.0 : Dr. Lord was the best prof I had this semester. He is very clear in lecture. He will usually give you an extension on the homework if you give any sort of a reason. Downside is he gives 4 exams when other profs give 3 and doesn't give extra credit like some others. However, he is clearly the best (and he writes the final and will give hints).
4.5 : Great class. Very helpful. You develop presentation skills and have to think out side the box.
5.0 : Her Scour class was very informative and outside the box from the traditional geotechnical classes. She actively engages students and looks for feedback. This interaction and class involvement makes the class enjoyable. You also have the choice to present on topics related to the class. She is always willing to help. Also a good dresser.
5.0 : Show up, read, have a question and don't miss more than 2 classes. Easiest class of all time.
5.0 : Great guy. There are NO tests in his class only a reading where you have to write a question on the board and then you respond to a question he comes up with. This is a discussion based class so get ready to talk. He will make you feel very comfortable and even gives his great opinion on things. Super easy to pass!
5.0 : Show up and learn! At Texas tech she had good activities every single class. Some people complained she didn't drop enough quizzes at the end but I mean really, she says the first day show up and you will make an A. I'm considering a career in alcohol now. Funny and cool!
5.0 : She was so funny and casual and cared about her students. She knew a lot about food and bev and had great guest speakers and we got TiPS certified. She also did really fun Facebook challenges and stays in touch even after you're not  in her class. Sad she's leaving for Texas! Only complaint is she's not the fastest grader.
4.5 : Pros:  Practice tests Clear outline presented of whats on tests Approachable, helpful Replaces lowest exam score (3 midterms) with final exam PROVIDED you score higher on final than lowest midterm.   Cons: Difficult/tricky tests Not enough time on tests Very harsh grader, stingy with partial credit Lazy, returns stuff late
5.0 : He was a very good professor but gave crazy hard tests.
5.0 : Best teacher I've had in the math department so far.  Helped me out, made the tests reasonable, and was always willing to answer a students question.
5.0 : Michele's the man! He cares for students and is always accessible. He said he learned his  teaching approach from one of his profs at North Carolina, he even took 4 classes with that guy. Don't know what this "new approach" actually is about, all I can say is Michele rocks, I learned so much in just one semester, I can't wait to take more classes!
5.0 : He's awesome
5.0 : Great prof.
5.0 : Hard class, fantastic teacher
5.0 : He's good. Really likes math. Makes things interesting. Funny. Once or twice a semester he will have a lecture that just blows your mind.  Office hours are helpful. His class is not easy.
4.5 : He is soo great!!!!!!! I am a sophomore at tech now and I have not had a teacher who cares as much as he did about me being successful in the course (or let alone knowing my name). His office hours are very helpful.
5.0 : Best math teacher I've ever had. Really nice guy, cares a lot about his students and how well they do. His lectures are amazing; he explains things well and likes class participation. The CTF for this class is notorious. The average on the final is a 50%. However his classes do better. My class had an average of 79%. Little homework, all textbook.
4.0 : No tests, no quizzes, lots of extra credit. His lectures are hilarious and you can tell he really cares about his students as people and academically.
4.0 : Duncan is the man. I sat through all his classes and barely paid any attention and got an A. Do the papers (they're easy if you put in 50% effort youll pass) and the projects (again give it some effort). Really chill for non-science majors who need to fill an area req.
4.0 : In class clicker questions, but no tests or final exams.
5.0 : Good teacher. Classes are interesting. Gives more than what's in the book. Enthusiastic. Not a super easy class but worth the effort.
5.0 : Class is based on iclicker attendance, 3 "projects" (essays) and homeworks. I've heard he's making his class harder but when I took it it was a super easy A, just get the iclickers right, do the homeworks and projects and you'll be fine.
5.0 : gives weekly mastering astronomy homework (takes about an hour) and a monthly paper. Not hard, plus no tests or exams! clicker questions are graded but the class is interesting and prof is funny. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Easy NO EXAM! Have to show up clicker questions but you can look up online. Homework were easy. He gives extra credit to visit his office hours and he is really nice! Can get other easy extra credit too. Have a "project" every month but still overall not bad.
5.0 : I took intro to gender studies with her and it was super easy, fun, and interesting. Ms Ayers is a grad student so she understands if you have to leave early or skip class. There is little work the entire class and only 2 tests that are also easy.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Connects well with students. Clearly explains how to do things.
4.0 : Dr. Wawro's class is less lecture-based than usual.  She assigns in-class group work, allowing students to discuss the material, which is great for getting a second person's take on the subject.  This strucutre is helpful if you have to miss a class, but attendance is mandatory, so be careful.
5.0 : She's friendly and gives a lot of writing coomments and feedback on papers. Has helpful office hours if you need help. Reading is discussed in the class time. Quizzes are pretty hard. Read all the details on directions or your grade will decrease. Overall if you read the directions and try to talk in class you'll get a good grade.
4.0 : A very sweet professor that just came here from Radford University. She's very personal and cares about you if you express that you care about her class. Attendance is not mandatory but is expected, but I'm not sure I would be doing as well if I were to not attend. Many in-class activities rather than lecture style teaching.
4.5 : Gives good information, but is very old fashioned. The whole problem with the class is it could be condensed into 1-2 seminar sessions, not a whole semester.
4.0 : She does an excellent job of presenting course material and getting students genuinely interested in subjects that they wouldn't necessarily relate to or have thought about. A good amount of writing, but it's spaced out so it's not overwhelming and no tests!
4.5 : Great professor and awesome lectures! Just make show that you show up for class and don't drag your feet on the readings and homework and you'll do fine!
4.0 : He's a great professor with very interesting and insightful lectures. DO NOT skip the readings or fall behind because that's the main focus of the lectures and you'll be lost without them. Take notes, even during group discussions, it'll give you good ideas to work with when writing the reflection papers or the closed reading papers.
4.5 : Professor Soni is wonderful. His lectures were always interesting &amp; he's so knowledgeable about the subject. The reflection papers were pretty easy &amp; the close reading papers weren't so bad. He always wants your insight on the material &amp; really encourages you to think critically on the topic. The books were also interesting to read. Loved his class
5.0 : My favorite teacher and class
5.0 : If you go to class it will help your grade because of participation points.  She is very caring and will understand if you have an emergency.  She gives great feedback on work.  She makes going to class enjoyable even if it is early in the morning.
5.0 : Great teacher, super easy if you just do the assignments!! Always gives great feedback on writings!
5.0 : It is a Comm class so you have to write but overall a great class. She is very close with her students and cares for them.
4.0 : Leigh Lally is a great professor. Her class was helpful and interesting and helped me prepare for professional practice. Although she didn't always seem prepared, this was her first time teaching this class and she improved throughout the semester. The amount of reading she gave was consistent, and mostly helpful. I would recommend this class.
5.0 : This class was an easy A. It's clear that she gets frustrated with those who refuse to put in that minimal amount of effort, but that just means that if you do she will respect you for it and appreciate it (esp. if you participate during lectures). Relies on TAs for a lot, but always easy to reach. Knows her stuff, and explains things very clearly.
5.0 : Means business, smart and enaging
4.5 : Her lectures tend to be faster than I'd like, so make sure you pay attention. She will make you work for your grade, this is not an "easy" class. However, Prof. Schmale cares about her students. I was in her office 2 or 3 times a week and she always made sure I understood the material.
5.0 : Dr. Voshell is one of my favorite professors here. She is quirky and funny which makes the lectures enjoyable. The first exam is ridiculously hard but all of the other tests are pretty easy. I highly recommend taking Dr. Voshell for any class.
5.0 : Yvan Beliveau, my god this man is a genius when in comes to construction. Never in my life have a met a guy so well-rounded and as experienced as him. He used to be the head of the department so teaching this freshman intro class is cake to him. But the time I spend in his class is full of knowledge. Be excited to take this course.
4.0 : Learn A LOT about development economics , apply everything you learned in micro/macrotheory Fantastic lecturer, will open your mind to the world  Extreme work put in He expects intelligent participation in class: reading and thinking about material Tests are stupid difficult. must tinker with models No mercy, he will not curve or give points
4.0 : Mrs Traveline was the best women studies teacher I've ever had! She has so much experience and the chapter on black dongs was inspiring! Highly recommend as she knows what she Is talking about!!
5.0 : Hardest, and one of the best, classes I had. Definitely worth the effort. Really cares about the students. Tests are extremely difficult, but heavily curved. You can get a good grade in the class, but it is a lot of work. I learned a ton! Excellent class. One of the best!
5.0 : This became one of the most significant classes I've taken, surprisingly. The lectures were good and I learned SO MUCH that I now realize I will use. Technically this class was "required" but not in my major, so I thought I would blow it off. I was wrong! Be prepared to work but it's worth it. The tests are killer, but very fairly graded.
5.0 : I had heard he was really hard, but this class wasn't terrible. And his grading is very fair, heavy curves. I learned a ton of stuff! Makes you work, but you learn. The group projects were really good. He did some videos for this class too that were pretty good supplemental material.
4.5 : Shelly Farmer is an excellent professor. Taking Differential Equations with her was challenging, but she did a good job explaining the material. She makes you work for your grade, which is to be expected. Overall she is very fair, and does her job well. Would absolutely recommend to anyone.
5.0 : Shelly was awesome for DiffEQ. Very organized and genuinely cared about the student's understanding of the material.
5.0 : Professor Farmer is a very thorough and organized professor. She knows what she is talking about and goes through notes on a projector in front of the class. She answers questions and tries to help the class visualize and understand the problems. Sometimes she is not very good at explaining concepts and goes too fast, but she is still a good prof.
5.0 : It's a good class although its pace is fast. I recommend doing problems outside of class and more than the teacher gives you in order to grasp the tricky concepts. Take advantage of the after-class hours.
5.0 : Professor Farmer is absolutely wonderful in terms of her knowledge of course content . Her lectures move fast and are often difficult to follow, but she is open to questions or inquires during them, and will put finished notes on Canvas before the unit exams. She is engaging and kind and willing to help if you need it. Only con is very hard tests.
3.5 : Took him for Advanced Spatial Void Tessellation Theory and I have to say he's tough. He makes the material interesting, but he definitely makes you work for the grade. I would recommend him for anyone doing post-doctorate theoretical physics research with the college.
5.0 : Took Rick Sanchez for Astronomical Physics. Learned a lot about the way the universe works, the man is a genius and I will definitely be seeing him again next season. 10 assignments, 2 exams. Will be increasing assignments to 13 or 14 and exams to 3 next season so just a heads up! As he loves to say at the end of his class, "Wubba lubba dub dub!"
5.0 : By far my favorite teacher I've had so far. Definitely take his class if you can! He explains things very well and really wants his students to understand the material so they can be successful. I recommend going to office hours to ask questions because he is very helpful in small groups. He really makes the class fun and isn't too serious.
5.0 : He really wants you to understand the material and not just memorize ways to do problems. I say attendance is mandatory because of concept questions are due almost every class and they're for a grade.  He's funny, so class goes by pretty quickly. Best calculus professor/teacher I've had.
4.0 : Mrs. Carneal is great as a person and tries to be helpful. Her material isn't very clear and what is on the tests isn't always in the notes. Her exams are very hard and contain unclear wording. She hates CAD and doesn't help you with it, but most of your assignments are CAD. A LOT of work involved. Goodbye nights and weekends.
4.5 : Discussion based class with a lot of assigned readings. Gives 8-10 mini exams throughout the semester so he doesn't overload you with so much information on 2 exams. Participation is very helpful. He is very understanding, but holds his students to high standards and doesn't allow skipping class without doctor's notes. Gives great feedback!
5.0 : The best professor I had at VT.
5.0 : Handsome and smart.
5.0 : Ryan was honestly one of the best professors I've had at Virginia Tech, and he's just a great guy overall.  Super  nice and understands that this class isn't the first thing on our priority list as students. If I had any negatives, it would be that he made us write a lot (essay tests) and the group project is killer, but it really wasn't too bad.
5.0 : Ryan is seriously the best professor ever. He is extremely down to earth and shows a passion for helping students succeed in general. He's also a relatively recent alumni of Tech so he is also extremely relatable and conscious of student schedules and the general workload. I would highly recommend him!
5.0 : Took abnormal psych with him for my minor. Really interesting class, and he makes it better by having interesting lectures. The class wasn't hard if you came to class and payed attention, even if you didn't I'm sure you would be fine. As with anything, it depends on the student. Professor DeVore was a really great professor, I would recommend.
4.0 : He's funny, and makes concepts easier to understand.
5.0 : She goes out of her way to help her students and truly commits her time to make sure her students get the most out of VT
5.0 : A nice guy if a little absent-minded. He seems to care about students a lot.
4.0 : Bryan's class is very clear and he's a great professor.  It is obvious that he cares about his subject and his students.  His tests were very easy as long as you attended lectures and read the book.  Skipping lectures is doable but only a couple times as a bulk of his test comes from lectures.  However, he does post powerpoints online so it's easy.
4.0 : teaches the basic Business class at VT in which every business student MUST take. You have to buy the textbook($) as well as the SIMNet code ($$$) to be in this class. He has the lectures online as well as practice quizzes to help you out. The exams are from the lecture slides. You can read the slides the day before and get an A.
5.0 : Great professor, knew what he was doing. There to help. 10/10 would take his class again
5.0 : ACIS 1504 is literally the easiest class you will ever take. Attendance isn't mandatory at all. You can either go to the 75 min class where he jokes around for 90% of class or watch the lecture videos online for about 12 minutes. Homework is 20% of your grade and is super easy and short. TAKE THIS CLASS AT ALL COSTS!!! SUPER GPA booster.
3.0 : This class is so boring but pretty easy. I would skip sometimes and be fine. The tests are kinda easy if you study. I always just read the textbook before the tests because I didn't take great notes. Martin is very monotone and some days I thought I was gonna die of boredom. There is extra credit and easy homework every week
5.0 : Class is pretty straightforward. 3 tests and a final. Exams are short (30 mins) not too hard. Drops some questions on some tests so you can end up with a 120%. Showing up to class has its perks because he discusses the questions that are going to be on the exam.
5.0 : Do all the homework and the practice tests. Makes sure you understand it completely and you'll be fine on the test. She gives lots of partial credit and sometimes will give bonus points. I went to her office hours all the time and she was super helpful.
5.0 : Dr. Davison was a tough professor in statics, but she really valued that her students understand the material. She always took time to answer as many questions as students had in class. Her office hours were incredibly helpful. The only problem people had with her were her difficult tests and her very few math mistakes in lectures. Solid professor.
5.0 : Best professor at VT. She cares about her students! Go to her office hours, even just to chat. She's very kind and helpful. Her lectures are amazing, although a bit boring at times, but she's so animated about what she's teaching, you won't notice being bored. Tests are easy if you study the note guides she provides. TONS of extra credit is offered
4.0 : I took Medieval Religion with him and enjoyed it. I skipped on the reading probably more than I should, so make sure to do the short reading for each class and pay attention to the art pieces and buildings he discusses. He doesn't put many words on his slides, so write down what is discussed in class. Overall, the material was very interesting.
4.0 : Just an over all funny guy. has a very GQ style. You will have papers to do, like all English classes, but he gives you excellent feedback on your rough drafts. He also puts emphasis on the importance of the rough draft, and he shows you the grade you would've received had you not had a chance to revise it.
5.0 : Super easy. Teaches well. Made me a better writer. Stress free class.
5.0 : She is so kind and knowledgeable about her subject. She does lecture a lot though, but she keeps you interested. You have 3 tests and none are cumulative. You also pretty much have to go to class, as she does exit slips, which are worth 3 points very class. (The lowest 4 drop, if you miss one to two classes.) It is important that you read the book.
5.0 : very easy class if you need a GPA boost. Give it some effort and you'll definitely get an A. I finished the class in a month.
5.0 : Easiest class at Tech! I did the outside events at Schiffert and they're not as bad as they seem. The homework and exams are super easy. I finished the class in a little over a month, but it is definitely possible to do it in less time than that.
5.0 : Mrs. Dellinger is undoubtedly the best English professor I've ever had. I would recommend her to anyone. I marked the attendance as "mandatory" however it isn't mandatory, but if you don't show up you can't complete the in-class activities which will negatively affect your grade. The class load isn't bad at all, 3 papers in total and a end project.
5.0 : Dr. Commer is the sweetest and most caring professor I've had so far. She really cares about her students success, and is always willing to meet outside of class (or even after) to discuss any questions or concerns you have about a paper you are writing. She is also very gracious and is aware that life happens sometimes. Highly recommend!
5.0 : There is so much extra credit for this class that you should get an A. If you listen to the lectures you shouldn't have to use the textbook to study, just your notes. Her lectures are very conversational and she's relatable to the topics because she is a young mom.
5.0 : Though the grading was tough in this class, that's how all Foundations of Eng. classes are I think. He was always willing  to help if anyone was confused. Sometimes had trouble getting through all the slides because he gets on a tangent. Good things: replies to emails crazy fast, entertaining lectures, not a jerk.
4.0 : Great professor, I enjoyed his presentations including "how to wash 'fluffy' the cat" and "how to make a peanut butter jelly sandwich"
5.0 : Jared is the best hire Virginia Tech communication has made. He is accessible, nurturing, and truly wants his students to succeed. He can have long lectures but all the information is useful &amp; I have applied as a grad. His assignments are challenging yet attainable. Jared focuses on each student and invests in them to reach their highest potential.
5.0 : Jared is by far one of the best professors I've had at Virginia Tech. He's outgoing, incredibly helpful, and has a hands-on teaching approach. He is accessible to his students, and just all around someone you'd want to learn from. If you pay attention in class, you should have no problem getting an A.
3.0 : Be prepared for long lectures &amp; finding yourself bored halfway through  long lectures. Learning about how to use the camera &amp;  Adobe programs were helpful. I feel gypped on some of my grades. I thought I deserved an A &amp; I always participated &amp; put in effort. I think he was a bit nitpicky on his grading &amp; not sure if it's bc his 1st sem. teaching.
4.0 : Dr. Artis made lectures enjoyable with plenty of humor and loads of personal stories ranging from the cold war to test-piloting aircraft. He is a fair grader, but you'll have to put in work to do well in his classes. He is great at sharing his personal inspiration and love for aerospace engineering.
5.0 : Gives lots of thorough feedback on assignments. Good lectures and is super willing to meet outside of class for review sessions/extra office hours.
5.0 : Great teacher. Not the best if you just want to slide by, but very smart and very good English teacher. Made a class i had to take a class i wanted to take.
5.0 : 5 speeches. Each speech has a longer time limit /diff topic. Quiz before each speech (openbook/online). Its a small class (30 students). He divides the class into 2 groups, Maroon and Orange. While Maroon presents their speech , Orange doesnt attend class. Out of 40 classes, you only go to 20.  He told us he is one of the TAs with a higher GPA!!
5.0 : Great teacher, as long as you have notes (or a friend's) from every class.  She tries to get you to pass, but you probably won't do well if you don't get the info she gives you. Plus, 60% of your grade is for 2 short reports on any concert, so you already won't fail if you put in 10-20 minutes.
4.0 : Awesome teacher, no complaints
5.0 : Very good teacher. She a very good at explaining hard concepts and she prepares you well for the common time final. If is very nice and easy to talk to.
3.0 : Very good professor, very nice, but makes her tests way harder than any other prof in the department. My class and her other section had test averages in the low 70s, while a lot of other sections taught by other profs would have high 80, low 90 test averages... So be prepared for more rigorous tests.
5.0 : Professor McCarter was my favorite teacher for calc 1, I actually requested her again for calc 2! It's obvious that she really has a passion for calculus and she really cares about the success of her students.  I would recommend her to anyone!
5.0 : She substituted my class for a week and I learned more from her in a week than I did from my regular professor in several weeks. She analyzes every question carefully and will take different approaches to answer the question instead of "expecting us to understand it with one explanation explained over and over again. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Professor McCarter is one of my favorite professors at tech. She teaches material efficiently and in a way that is easily understood. So few math professor in the engineering department are capable of that. She is teaching a fairly difficult class, but does it very well. She also occasionally drops great jokes to lighten the mood. 10/10
5.0 : I took her for 1225 + 1226. She's great and knows what she's doing. Writes out very detailed and thorough notes to copy during class. She does a good job explaining content and is very willing to help you if you don't understand. She also assigns hw that she writes herself that is difficult, but very helpful for test. Gives lots of partial credit!
5.0 : Funny enough to joke about the fact that nobody ever raises their hand (as is the norm in first year classes) instead of being salty, office hours are a geek + she might give you a few points back if you go over your test with her;), has a big part in writing said tests so she'll let you know which problems to focus on while you're studying, 999/10
5.0 : Dr. McCarter is literally my favorite professor so far. She explains the material very well and is easy to understand. She writes the HW and the tests and so she can help you a lot. She's also very funny in class and office hours. She's young too so she can relate to our struggles. 12/10 would recommend
4.0 : Irwin is a pretty cool guy. His lectures are fairly straightforward, and he explains the concepts very well. He is also accessible when in need of help for labs and the program assignments, and offers constructive feedback, without giving you the answer outright. He also loves memes, which is a plus in my book. You won't regret taking him
5.0 : Cares that you actually learn something you can use, as opposed to just knowing what the textbook says. Tests are hard, but he grades and curves fairly.
4.0 : Dr. Galitz is very smart, brings to the table years of experience, and he makes you think outside the textbook, which is good for engineering training. I had a very hard time learning with his method of teaching. The material isn't even that hard, but I have to teach myself out of the book because he does not do enough examples in class.
5.0 : Dr. Bear is a god amongst men, he is probably the best astronomy professor to ever teach at tech and is a very approachable nice guy. Entire grade is based on pre and post class quiz's, weekly homework based on lecture, and a final that is online. Shows cool video's and has fun interactive lectures. Easy class too. Trust me take him, you'll love it
4.0 : An amazing person, really funny. Great professor. I took this course when it was his first semester teaching it so he was still trying to figure out what would work for him and his students. Very open to opinions and change. The midterms were difficult and there was a LOT of reading.
4.0 : So sweet and funny. Really interesting course. Sometimes we just watch films in class or she cancels on Fridays altogether. We have papers, no tests.
5.0 : I loved taking sociology with Alexander. I had always heard sociology would be really boring, but she made it very interesting with all of the stories she told and films she showed. Class attendance is definitely mandatory, as in class participation/quizzes make up a majority of the grade.
5.0 : Yousef (goes by first name) is a great professor who really cares about his students and he is one of the smartest people I've met.  If you put in effort you will almost certainly receive a good grade.  He makes himself very available to practice presentations, edit papers before you submit them, etc. Tough class, but Yousef is a great professor.
5.0 : Great Teacher, no complaints!
5.0 : Literally the best teacher I've had at Virginia Tech. He made 1216 so much more interesting and fun. Definitely would recommend!!!
5.0 : So inspirational and really wants to make a difference in the world. I think this should be a required class!
5.0 : CAD is a fun class, and isn't meant to be stressful by any means. Homeworks were lengthy but they were posted minimum 2-3 weeks before the deadline. No tests (just weekly quizzes), and no final. Also the last 3 classes she gave extra credit if you showed up and participated.
5.0 : Steer was one of the best professors I've had at Tech, she's really enthusiastic and only wants to help you. You have to pay attention to detail and study for her exams, but as long as you do you'll do well in the class. Each exam has 10 extra credit points you can earn, and she also has other opportunities for extra credit.
4.0 : Great class if you have a professional or passing interest in trees or wood. He's really at the top of his field, and the insight he provides is way better than any book could provide (although the required text is phenomenal). This class changed the way I looked at trees, wood, forests, and biomaterials in general. Profound impact on my life.
5.0 : Dr Roy teaches fluid mechanics the correct way - from both a classical approach and a more modern approach of making assumptions to simplify the Navier-Stokes equations. He is a fan of the inverted classroom method of teaching. It's a tough subject that requires a lot of work and he's a tough grader, but he teaches well.
5.0 : HE is the best in lectures and his communication skills are amazing. HE inspires students and shows some practical applications based on lecture topics. IF you want to enjoy your time during the lectures and learn you should take this class.
4.0 : His class was fun and really interesting, but there wasn't really much work other than 3 papers and a final project. He is a really nice guy and he knows a lot about the subject, which in this case was the history and cultural significance of hip hop.
4.0 : He is a very good professor. He knows this material very well and can teach you very well. Nothing too bad about him but he gave us 3 Quizzes (4 questions each) and 2 more pop quizzes. Therefore, if you got one question wrong, you got a 75%. In that aspect its a difficult class but there is no final, only a final paper. I would not take him again
5.0 : Professor Solis is a very good professor and really wants his students to pass. Go to class, do the assignments and study for the exams and you'll do very well. Go to him if you need help, he's so nice and wants you to succeed. There's also a decent amount of extra credit!!
4.0 : Raj the man is very knowledgable and really cares about his students. The exams are decently tough, so you'll have to prepare in advance. The group project is tedious, get it done early so you don't have to work on it over break.
5.0 : A literal god among men, when he speaks you can feel the earth shift in the wake of his divine presence. Literally the best super smash bros player in the US.
5.0 : Where do I begin? He isn't a human, but a divine beast. The religion of zzzobac has moved me like no other religion has.  Whenever he was near, I could sense the Sheik mains presence near me. Papa bless zzzobac. You have changed me, and I know he will continue to change those who cross his path.
5.0 : I love the dude. He made my life so much better and because of him I no longer hate myself. He encouraged a new passion within me and now I am pursuing my PhD in the chem field.
5.0 : I was only nine years old when Zobe aka zzzobac came to me in my dreams. I was terrified, but yet, pleased... in a weird way. Years later he returned again but in my lab, to his children. He is a god, all praise zzzobac and his mighty meme playlist that keeps me going throughout every single day of my life.
4.0 : He is a nice guy, but his on-paper assessments are really difficult.
5.0 : It is really great when a professor gets to teach a subject he is both knowledgeable and passionate about. He will read and comment on everything you write. No assignment is busywork. Dr Williams excitement about 3D printing is very contagious! It is easy to see why his class is full every time he teaches!
5.0 : Easy introduction class, thoughtful lectures and isn't biased. Enjoyable but some reading involved..
5.0 : Hirji is a very intelligent professor. She has to think on her feet when discussions get heated in class because at times very controversial subjects are discusses. You have no show up, take notes, and do the weekly responses and you will get an A.
5.0 : He is perfect.
4.0 : Like other professors in the math department, Prof. Bentz's job is to teach you concepts as well as material, which is quite difficult. The overall course is very heavy in their use of limits to justify derivatives, and if you can I would suggest getting outside credit. She teaches well, wants you to succeed, and will help you during office hours.
4.0 : I took her Intro to Women Gender Studies and she was excellent and kept the class engaged. She give you opportunity for extra credit and if you do the work she's an easy A.
5.0 : Definitely a class to take if you are attempting to satisfy any Area 4s! Awesome teacher; very easy to understand with simple tests. She reviews the questions the day before so you understand the material. Anything &gt; 85% is an A.
4.0 : Mr. Kour cares a lot about his students and wants them to do well. It can be a tough class if you really dislike writing. There are three essays and about ten journals throughout the semester. He grades them fairly but that doesn't nessisarily mean you'll get an A. There's in class writing for a grade. It's easy points if you just show up and try.
4.0 : She is a really intelligent professor who I respected while taking this global ethics. Workload isn't bad but attendance is 30% so just go to class, listen to the lectures and you will be fine. She is nice to everybody and is always in a good mood. Good/interesting class.
4.0 : This course, no matter which professor you have is flipped-classroom so you have to show up to all of the classes to get credit for the activities done in each class. Dr. Emori is I think one of the better professors to get for Biology 1105 and 1106. She explains things really well in class and she curves the tests if the average is low.
