1.5 : Can't blame the difficulty all on Dr. Pekker, the course itself is very difficult. Only 5 people in the course when I took it, that's already a little intimidating. He scales everything so don't freak out. Nice guy, but a hard teacher.
4.5 : he is a knowledgeable professor and helpful you really learn from him.
1.0 : Dr. Pekker is the worst professor I have ever had by far. He teaches a hard course (cal C). His lectures are mind-numbing, he is nearly impossible to understand, and it is not clear what you need to know to pass. Your better off staying in your dorm and teaching yourself out of the book and internet. If you value your gpa do not take his section.
1.0 : He seems nice, but I cant hardly understand a word he says. His hand writing it terrible, and he doesnt explain what hes writing down. Definitely avoid if you can, I could not....
3.5 : He is fair.  Gives you everything you need to know for the test but you had better know the material inside and out because he will test your knowledge not rote memory of how to do the problem.  I only used the textbook to get the homework problems.
4.0 : I took Dr. Chittur's MOOC Intro to Chemical Engineering.  He was great online.  Personal attention.
1.0 : Class full of biotechnology grad students.  Taught to the engineers and didn't seem to care that the rest were behind or hadn't seen these concepts.
2.0 : Class lectures not helpful at all.  Better just finding problems on your own to solve.  Tests are straight forward, but not easy.  Does help those who seek it.  Don't buy textbook.  Did not cover too much material in this class.  Lectures consisted of trying to get students to ask questions about old tests.  Know thermo and mass balances well.
4.0 : I love Mrs. Olander. The class is only easy if you study the class materials. She does explain things clearly for me. also, she gives a lot of extra points to help me get my grades up. Regardless of what, I loved being in her class.
1.0 : There's a reason why all of Ravi's reviews are negative. He is teaching a subject that he knows nothing about. He does not teach himself, but rather expects students to do  the teaching for him. He accused me of plagiarism on a reflection paper?? Wrong! I was quick to enlighten him, that my points were from the text he was teaching from! Fire him!
2.0 : I had him for an online class, so that probably affected my experience with him compared to the other reviews. Still, he dumps a lot of information on you, and sifting through it all to find what he thinks is important is the hard part. CTRL+F is your friend come exam time, but even then, they're 2 hours long and will take up all that time.
4.0 : I found this course to be challenging but fair.  Dr. Patnayakuni will give you all the tools you need to learn but you WILL have to WORK to EARN your grade.  This is college after all and the point of being here is to study and work to learn, not receive A's just for showing up.  Lots of hands on exercises to  help facilitate learning.
3.0 : Purely online class with video lectures. Test heavy. Tricky questions on tests.
5.0 : I enjoyed the more hands on approach to learning. There was a lot of application to real life not just reading about what to do, we actually did it.
3.0 : Not a bad choice. He expects graduate students to perform on the appropriate level as they should. You really have to study for tests. Made himself available for students and will provide help on whatever is needed. He seems to really care about his students. This class is moderately difficult, but worth it. I learned a lot.
1.0 : I do not understand how he is a called a teacher. All students are expected to do is read from a text book andor his LONG power points that are almost as long as the chapter. You would be better off going online and trying to teach yourself networking and then taking the certification exam. AVOID this worthless POS at all cost.
1.0 : I passed, thankfully. Unfortunately if you're an IS major you don't have a choice but to take this joke of a "professor". Lectures were boring and dry, tests unnecessarily long and did not really test on knowledge or ability but reading comprehension from reading material.
1.0 : I have had him multiple times. There are multiple choice online homeworks and then the tests use the same questions. The entire class tends to make a  poor grade on each test. Today specifically we had an "open lab" where class was optional just to work on homework. Ravi decided at 9am to cancel this for our 9:35 class and took regular attendance.
1.0 : I'd say to avoid him if possible, but, if you're an IS major, odds are you won't be able to. Lectures are pointless, powerpoints are mostly useless, anything you want to actually learn has to come from the book. Don't miss any of the labs/quizzes, they're easy to forget. Current textbook is a must, barely scraped by with old one and google.
1.0 : He is terrible! His test are alot like the quizzes but everyones is different. So there are questions they got, but you didn't so when you get to the test good luck. Extremely hard to understand. Doesn't get grades in before the final so you have to go in blind. When doing the SAP game my group had to look up a video on YouTube to understand.
1.0 : He is hard to understand and has no regard or respect for students whatsoever. He's very condescending, lacks people skills and straight up rude. He waits till the semester is over and adjusts grades drastically and unfairly. Save yourself and don't take his class. Worst professor at uah!
3.0 : Incredibly knowledgeable in many engineering subjects. One on one tries to be helpful and encouraging. He seems to have a bit of arrogance, but I'm fairly certain it's not intentional. 2 Tests, four quizzes, and graded homework. His in class examples are somewhat cosmic, but if you understand them the rest of the class is made easier. Tough grader.
4.0 : 4/5 stars. He has an accent but you can understand him. Final was 35% of the overall grade. I thought the tests were fair, they seemed to be very similar to the home work. I've heard a lot of people mention that he was rude when asked questions. I did not see this unless the question was really dumb and had nothing to do with fluid mechanics.
1.0 : Lectures are all over the place and hard to follow. He is very condescending and arrogant. He will laugh at you for wrong answers in class. He lied about the final exam and even changed syllabus mid-semester. I will never ever take another class with this instructor.
2.0 : He is incredibly arrogant.  He would get off topic in his lectures.  Other than that, his lectures seemed good.  He did not really help you for tests-would do 2-3 examples lecture beforehand.  He graded incredibly harshly-got the last problem on the midterm completely correct, but he took off 10 pts bc I used a simplified version of an equation.
4.5 : Helpful when I had questions and I learned a lot from his class.
2.5 : not really a people person but can sometimes be helpful
1.0 : His manner of testing: Easy  I would Say he is probably your only option  As that is the case  Pick your questions carefully Reproach  Is almost guaranteed Count the number of times you see sweat stains Kiss your sense of respect goodbye
1.0 : Since HTML is blocked in these ratings, put together each capitalized letter in the rating below ;D
1.5 : Dr. Shotorban was without a doubt the worst professor I have ever taken a class with. The class would be fine if you had no intention of learning and God help you if you ever ask a question. I was personally humiliated on multiple occasions for asking questions that in his opinion  were worthless. Do yourself a favor and avoid him at all costs!
1.5 : Dr. Shotorban was a terrible professor. He was difficult to understand. He just doesn't care about the students. He makes you feel like you are wasting his time. Keep your head down and don't ask questions and you will be fine. The questions on his tests were nothing like his examples or assigned homework. If he is your only option... I'm so sorry.
1.0 : Lectures were interesting but he purposefully didn't go over necessary problem solving skills to tackle first test. 1 hour 20 min was not enough time to solve 3 alien problems. I feel let down by UAH once again. I don't know how this will affect my chances in completing my degree in 2 years. Probably won't but still expensive time and money wasted.
1.0 : Can be very disrespectful during lectures. Gives hard test and very little feedback about them.
1.0 : Very intelligent and he knows it. Very disrespectful, rude, and not helpful. Scattered lectures directly from the book, but somehow makes it even harder to comprehend. HARSH grading on exams that he doesn't prepare you for. Does not work example problems, only derivations. Homework is 5% of your grade, the rest comes from 3 exams (25%, 30%, &amp; 40%).
4.0 : I thought he was  a good professor.  Homework wasn't that bad.  Lectures were at least decent.
1.0 : Terrible!  The whole class got an F on the first test!  Dropped this class
1.0 : She is now at Southeast Missouri State University and I wish she would go back to Alabama! She is a horrible teacher who believes that the subject she is teaching is more important than any human in the room. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!
1.0 : Absolute worst experience of my college career. Although a very nice lady, this woman just reads power points that she pulled from the FA Davis site. She takes questions from god knows where and changes the wording so that they don't mean the same thing and are grammatically incorrect. SO much busy work that doesn't help with studying at all.
1.0 : Mrs. Hobson was by far the worse instructor I have ever encountered. You have to be present for four hours. The class is pointless. The tests are unrealistic. She is delusional. Her class definitely did not help in preparation for the HESI. Know your quizlets questions, because we are pretty sure that's where she got her test questions. Good luck!
1.5 : Reads off her powerpoint, but doesn't put it on the board so you have to write as she talks and she goes really fast. Doesn't put notes online until class before the test. Doesn't cover all material in class. Tests are ridiculous. No attendance or homework grades. DO NOT TAKE. Way too hard for a 100 level class.
1.0 : This professor is terrible for voice students!  She destroys  your voice.  STAY AWAY!
1.0 : Terrible be sure to stay clear of his class
1.5 : SOS
2.5 : Smart guy, but expects you to get the material from minimal examples.
1.5 : Worst professor I've ever taken. I would take a class 5 states away to avoid taking him again. If you ask a question prepare for a smart answer, if you even get an answer. If any one professor deserves to be sent home it's this one. Avoid at any cost. Spent many many hrs on work and there's always something wrong with anything that's graded.
1.0 : Definitely stay clear if at all possible. No point in going to class he won't teach you anything. He'll just expect you to already know the material. Also don't plan on asking questions not only will be not answer but he will also make fun of you for asking regardless of the question. If 0's were possible that's what he would receive from me.
2.0 : I had no CAD or coding experience coming in to this class. I picked up the CAD easily, but really struggled with the coding. Naveen's accent is very strong, and he is hard to understand. That makes the coding really hard if you have no idea what is going on. Luckily, the CAD was weighted much more than the coding.
4.0 : Very knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the material. While you will need to work for your grade, it is an engineering class and should not be expected to be easy.
1.0 : Terrible professor. Avoid if possible. Does not teach, does not care, does not try to be helpful.
1.0 : Horrible professor. Never actually taught would just come in and expect you to do the work and know how to do it. I spent hours on each assignment and failed each one of them then when I asked where points were counted off he would give me the run around. When I tried to meet with him he told me he didn't have office hours. AVOID THIS PROFESSOR
1.0 : save yourself and your GPA &amp; time, this teacher will make alot of mistakes on the board that you will never have the chance to learn. she has no mercy, look at the other comments and ratings. this is not a teacher, she offers help in her room but no one dares to step there cause she will teach the same way too. dont risk. ask everyone that had her.
3.0 : Briley average teacher, a little awkward but means well. Best advice study the notes and use office hours.
1.0 : Briley is the absolute worst math teacher ever. You will regret ever taking her class, she doesn't know how to teach. This is probably because she is a TA and trying to teach classes she barely understands. I thought coming to college I would have more qualified teachers, not less. Overall, WORST teacher ever.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER! She is lazy when it comes to grading. When she is writing on the board she blocks everything and you can't follow along. She teaches everything in an abstract way which is harder than examples. Honestly have learned everything from the PASS leader or youtube videos.
2.5 : Mrs. Briley is a terrible math teacher and is not overly clear at all with what she teaches; I just hope I can survive in Calculus A thanks to her. You may think that I'm not a good student but on the first test I got a 87, second 90, and third 78; she really is just a terrible teacher.
1.0 : She leaves so many assignments ungraded so you have no idea where you stand right before the final exam. Puts concepts on tests that she hasn't even gone over. Teaches in an abstract way that is extremely confusing. Do not take this teacher.
5.0 : I took Calculus A Recitation with her, and it was amazing. She was very helpful, even though there was a huge disparity in skill level. She always had a calculus-based joke ready. She always asked what we needed and budgeted time accordingly, instead of following the pre-made plan. Fun class.
1.0 : Confusing lectures.  He would incorrectly solve example problems on the board.  I eventually quit paying attention to him and did the computer homework in class.  I used the computer alone to learn the material for this class.    Attendance is required.  Textbook was barely used in class, you only need it if your studying by yourself.
2.0 : Exams were not indicative of assigned HW.  Used another text (Devore) outside of the official text for most lecture exampleshw problems.  Not extremely timely on returning HW, though she used a student grader.  Her review sessions used easy examples, but expect some curve balls on the exam.
1.0 : He just reads the slides, goes way too fast, never takes time to explain something beyond vague generalities. On top of his lack of actual teaching, he then gives incredibly difficult tests that are graded harshly. You're forced to teach yourself one of the most difficult courses at UAH. Why his tests aren't at least open-note is beyond me.
1.0 : Don't take him. He's the worst professor I've had at UAH. He stands in front of the classroom, flys through his slides and lets you go 30 minutes early. Leaving you with the task of teaching yourself. Tests are also ridiculously hard. I only got an A because I have a very heavy chemistry background. UAH really needs to get rid of him.
1.5 : his lectures are long and boring. He rushes through everything like you already understand all the concepts. He is no help
3.0 : Dr. Byler gets a bad rap.  Yes, his tests are hard.  Yes, the subject matter is terrifying.  I think you'll find that true of any organic chemistry course though.  It's just one of those classes.  Though a tough course, it was a fascinating topic.  Dr. Byler's pretty funny and at least tries to make it a little fun.
3.0 : Dr. Byler's work in the organic chemistry field is impressive. He knows all the cutting edge organic theory.  Many students complain about him... the average person will always make 50s or less on his test. These people don't get that organic just takes a little practice and care. "Great spirits will always be violently opposed by mediocre minds."
1.0 : Byler is a researcher, not teacher. He doesn't like teaching or care about his students. He zips through the slides that came with the book. He can't really answer questions. The tests are random and there are no study guides or practice tests. Tests are the only grades except clicker/attendance bonus. This class will hurt your GPA.
1.0 : Awful professor. Moves way too fast and does not explain the material well at all. Would not take again. UAH needs to hire a new professor, stat!
3.5 : Dr. Byler is a pretty cool teacher. I had Advanced Chem in highschool so it really helped for this class. He is pretty fast pased which I liked buth others might not. He does seem really knowledgable on the subject but he is kind of restrained since he is part time and has to follow Setzer's materials. You have online homework. He grades easily.
1.0 : No good. He reads power-points to you in lecture and leaves when he is done. His tests are intentionally designed to be confusing and tricky. Organic is hard enough on its own, but his class is especially difficult. He is definitely smart, but cares very little about student success, and I would not recommend taking him.
2.0 : Tests are memorization-heavy, which is expected but he's a strict grader for having mainly open-ended tests. His presentation of the publisher's slides skim over a lot of the material. He scales the exams and has a forgiving grade scale. Great guy but not the best professor. Be prepared to do a lot outside of class but while tough, an A is possible
2.0 : It was obvious his knowledge of chemistry expanded far beyond CH121, making him discount how hard the material was for us. He rushed through lectures and his 'study guides' we're just lists of ambiguous topics. Didn't offer anything to help studying for the ACS final.
4.0 : He's a good professor and really smart. He teaches fast but is willing to stay after class a few minutes to answer questions. Chemistry is a hard subject regardless of the professor. He puts power points online and gives study guides.
1.0 : Tough professor. He doesn't explain things very well, so you will need to learn how to teach yourself by reading the textbook. God be with you if you have him as your professor.
1.0 : Really hard class. He doesn't teach anything! He reads straight from the slides and doesn't explain how to get the answer. His test are long and HARD. He's a cool person just not a good teacher at all!! Also, there's barely any grades in there so basically if you do bad on the tests, your final grade is bad.
2.0 : Took him for organic over the summer. It's a tough class already but he made it way more difficult than it needed to be. Reads off slides during class and tests have almost nothing that is covered in class. Awesome laid back guy, not a great teacher.
1.0 : Does not do a good job explaining material and flies through powerpoint lectures. Class finshed 30 min early on a number of occassions. Time could have been used more wisely. ACS final covers both CH-121 and CH-123. Homework is 40 to 50 questions per chapter.
5.0 : People seriously don't give Byler enough credit. He's a brilliant instructor that really cares about helping students learn. If you're eager to learn, he's eager to help you out. Sure, his lectures can be confusing and he can be hard to understand, but he's a very respectable professor.
1.0 : He is awful. Worst instructor/professor I have ever had. He stands in front of the class and reads off of the power point. Prior knowledge of chemistry required to pass the class. He is terrible at teaching basics. If you fail one test, you will likely not receive a B or higher. Your class grade is too reliant on your test grade.
1.0 : He rushes through lectures and mostly just reads off slides without explaining. Tests are insanely difficult. He no longer allows you to retake a test at the end of the semester. Clicker points are the only thing that will save you in this class.
1.0 : Byler does not know how to teach whatsoever. Going to class was useless cuz it was based on theory while the tests were incredibly hard containing the content barely practiced in class. He did not seem to care about student success nor did he bother to reply to emails. The homework was not helpful, more practice materials should have been provided.
2.0 : Bad Professor. But nice, humorous guy. Although lectures were pretty useless, he was more than willing to help you out with individual questions if you stayed after class. Gave tons of extra credit opportunities on tests too. Especially with an 83 being an A and the 75 bonus points he gives you, you should get an A if you try!
1.5 : This class is an amalgamation of stuff you were supposed to learn in other classes, mashed together.  Rani tries to go over things, but he "teaches" by copying his notes on the board and instructing us in how to copy them down.  He does one example problem per topic.  His tests are nothing like the quizzes or the examples in class.
2.0 : Class was easy, grading was okay, used the books very rarely. Called me a murderer for being in the military.
1.5 : Knows his stuff, but doesn't do a very good job breaking down the basics.  Too many derivations and not enough examples.  The book is required, but it's not much help a lot of the time.  I would not recommend taking this class with professor McDonald.
1.0 : Worst teacher of my life
1.0 : Worst professor you could take. No help at all and you have to teach yourself.
3.0 : He is willing to help you if you go out of your way to get help. He cares about his students but can be hard to understand during his lectures. As long as you put in effort, there is no reason not to do well.
1.0 : Get out while you can! The math is easy but there is a huge communication barrier. He gives homework every night and checks it for correctness. I did 4 pages of homework and he gave me a 0 for "not showing my work". I ended up dropping the class because I got a 27 on the first test. It is obvious that he knows the content, he just can't teach.
2.0 : What can I say? He's a really nice guy and seems to try hard at his job, but the guy can barely speak English! He's perfectly willing to help you with a math problem, but he struggles to find the right words. When he explains problems, it's easy to get lost because he just kind of throws it on the board and goes through it without saying much.
2.0 : Overall a really nice guy. It is obvious he is trying very hard but he struggles to speak English. I would not recommend his class if you aren't self sufficient in math. He speaks directly into the board and when asked questions struggles REALLY hard to answer them.  On a brighter note, the tests are pulled directly from the study guides.
2.5 : It's the second week of classes and she has already... .Failed to post assignments like she said she would .Assigned those assignments plus the next class's assignments all in 2 nights (Read Ch. 1 &amp; 4, the Constitution, and Amendments 1-10, 12-14) .Failed to show up to the 3rd day of class .Been very unprofessional WILL UPDATE AT SEMESTER END
2.0 : It is frustrating when you are told there are quizzes/papers to read/discussions to be a part of and yet none of that happens because the prof doesn't post anything she says she is going to. I want a professor who is excited about their class as much as I am excited to learn about it.  Hoping this improves. WILL UPDATE AT END OF SEMESTER.
1.5 : The teacher will not have tests graded for a month. She would rather rant and get off topic than teach the material. She does not follow any sort of schedule. She is disrespectful to her students. Asks questions just to shoot the students down. Worst of all, she excuses her shortness for it being her first day without alcohol. BEWARE
1.0 : Her tests for us so far have been in the form of word documents and you can search for the answers on google, however, this DOES NOT mean they are easy. They are horribly misspelled and never uploaded  when they are supposed to be. Due dates and times online and on the test document don't match. Pick the wrong one, ZERO. Also doesn't answer email
2.5 : Class and the discussions are fun, but the tests are hard and don't always pertain to what we talk about in class. She will also say that we have an assignment due tomorrow but not post it for another week.
2.0 : He's one of those professors who's mainly there for research and not to teach students, and oh does it show. Prepare for him to blast though up to 100 slides every class, and don't expect to get enough time to take notes either. His tests and homework are also extremely wordy, and designed to trip you up, even if you've studied.
1.0 : As an ESS major, this was the hardest class I've ever taken. The lectures were not relevant to the tests; the textbook was mandatory. The labs were typically just work to qualify as lab, and had little relevance to class. The homework due date changed the day it was due twice, and I had no idea how to prepare for the final.
1.0 : He's a good researcher, but not a very effective teacher. His lectures are dry and content loaded. Expect to have a Ph. D by the end of the course. The lab is busy work and has two group presentations. It's also 20% of your grade.  If you are looking for a relatively simple science, take biology instead.
2.0 : This class should require more prerequisites. Dr. Bitzer knows his stuff but is bad at teaching it. He will make mistakes and then ask the students what he did wrong, this only works if we were taught the correct way first. IDL is a useless programming language and is sloppy, most programmers see it as a waste of time.
1.0 : Maury is a mediocre professor at best. He is extremely lazy and his version of teaching is allowing you, the student, to teach yourself and using canned material from the text. When you do ask questions he is quite condescending. If able avoid him although it is easy to show up and make a B if you at least do the work, similar to most ESS courses.
3.0 : Dr. Schneider is extremely brilliant and is super nice. That being said, she does not do well at explaining material to where students can understand it. Her tests are not particularly difficult, but she makes up for that by grading harshly.
1.0 : She is very tough and doesn't help anyone but herself.
1.0 : Horrible at explaining things. Tests are ridiculous, nothing like examples/homework.  Goes way to heavy into theory and barley touches actual use.  Seems nice enough in person, but will absolutely destroy you on test day.
4.0 : I never had her for any undergraduate courses, and hear that she can be tough in those. She is amazing in graduate courses though. She encourages questions and if you do not understand something, she is more than willing to sit down with you and explain until you understand. Her tests are very interesting and fun (as much as a test can be) to take.
1.0 : Awful lecturer. Reads straight from slides and works out problems using an answer key so she doesn't actually know how to do the problem so you ask a question, she can't answer it and just says "it'll work out in the end". Doesn't grade hw or tests or make her own lecture slides but too lazy to upload grades on canvas. Her grader is very harsh.
2.0 : Guest lectures rule! GIS is super rad!
1.0 : Professor does not communicate well. hard to understand and feel as if he does not care about our success in the class. Tough and very unfair grader. Once had an accident where the computers shut us out of the online midterm and he did not let anyone retake it, he just graded what you submitted even though some of us submitted nothing. do not take
1.0 : Very difficult to learn from. His English isn't great, but he is understandable 90% of the time. The real problem is his inability to understand what students ask. His answers usually had little to do with what was asked. His explanations can be very hard to follow as he pauses to search for words. His in-class examples often contained mistakes.
2.5 : When I took his class, it was the first time he had taught it. Things didn't start off particularly well, but he improved as the semester progressed. His responses to questions can be pretty confusing, and the question may not get answered. I'm sure he will be a lot better next semester when he has some experience teaching the course.
1.0 : Worst professor I have ever taken. I don't even think he knew the material he was trying to teach. His quizzes are some of the most time-consuming and unfair pieces of garbage to ever see the light of day.
2.0 : Awful lecturer-he just read the slides and spoke really softly  But, he gave 4 quizzes, dropped the lowest grade, and 3 tests instead of usual 2.  He graded really easily.
1.0 : Professor E is the worst teacher I've ran across in all my academic years. He truly does not care about his students. His English is mediocor at best and often makes mistakes on his own work. If you think thats bad his grading is even worse. The computers went out during a lab one day and he gave everyone who "did not submit in time" 0's!
1.0 : He wasn't difficult he just had way to much busy work.  For example before you could move on in the modules u had to get 100% on these gateway quizzes that even though they weren't difficult they were way to time consuming. Also he is very soft spoken that he is hard to hear even when u sit in the front row. Not difficult just frustrating.
1.0 : Terrible professor. 10/10 recommend to not take his class. English is awful and the assignments we do in class are a waste of everyone's time. Grades assignments based on his standards not on what is actually correct. Worst class I've taken.
2.0 : If you're not a liberal arts/ history major, do not take her. She teaches the course as if you're majoring in the topic. Very boring and awkward classes. Only two exams with a lot of memorization and three long exams from a prompt list of 18. This was more work and stress for an art elective than I had bargained for.
1.0 : I took her for drawing and she is awful for anyone who has not taken it for years. She is mean and not helpful when you ask how to improve. I would draw several times a day. She gives NO ONE A's and did not take into account everyones level. Its a beginning drawing class. Lets just say the class dwindled down by the end of the semester. Avoid her.
1.0 : He never answers questions, rude, and terrible with grades. He is not clear in what he wants. It seems like he is making rules up as he goes in. I would not want anyone to suffer through what my class suffered through this semester.
1.0 : He comes into class late everyday, he takes up to a month to upload grades, he isn't clear about the content he wants, and he grades harshly. His lectures are a joke. He is a grad student teaching and should not be allowed to teach upper level biology classes. Or lower level biology classes. Or anything really.
1.0 : If there is any way possible take another professor! First day he is cool but after that hold on. No set structure to his class, no outline, rambles a lot, calls people out a lot. Basically had to teach myself. Be ready to randomly get called on and him to jump to different topics in class and go back and forth. Just seems like he doesn't care.
1.0 : Professor rambles in class. Terrible at explaining examples. Grades extremely hard. Absolutely no structure to the class. Take anyone else if you have the option.
1.0 : This professor was by far the worst one that I have had in college so far. There was absolutely NO structure to the class. He makes no sense because he rambles and does not stay on topic. He refers to subjects that we have not learned, and does not teach the topics of learning in a manner that you can understand. I do not recommend him at all.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE!!!! Absolutely TERRIBLE!!!! He does not thoroughly explain how to work the problems, he frequently messes the problems up on the board, and worst of all he treats students poorly when they ask questions. He did not assign a syllabus until the class was half over. He scales everyone up at the end so that most the class wont fail.
1.0 : He's a smart mathematician but a TERRIBLE teacher. Took forever to grade things (if at all). Only graded 4 of 10 HWs. Tests contained MANY errors like he wrote them the night before. Test average was 50%! He curves, but not worth the headaches. Lectures are him talking to himself while working problems on the board (w/ mistakes). DO NOT TAKE HIM!!!
1.0 : This professor is not willing to help students outside of class. His PowerPoint slides are not informative and not related to the course. He tests on material not covered in class. He can't effectively explain a concept and can't work out any problems on his own. He relies on problems already worked out by a previous instructor.
1.0 : ee213  He is the worst instructor here!  Run!  He is the chairman of Engineering and has truly made this university worse.   He doesn't know how to use the overhead projector, so notes are a must. Check your tests, because he doesn't know how to work problems.   He will not listen to you until you show him he's wrong and never admits or apologizes.
1.0 : Horrible! One of the worst!  I'm confused how he's an instructor and chairman. Completely useless.  He gets answers incorrect all the time yet doesnt admit it.  He gets amswers incorrect on quizzes and tests. He's unorganized and never prepared for class. He has old slides,  but doesnt know how to open up the files or maximize the screen.  Useless!
1.0 : Horrible! Run, Forest! Run! Can he get a zero? Not good at all. There are not enough tags for a horrible instructor on Rate my professor. Can they add 'Conceited' 'Can not work problems correctly' 'Gets his own problems incorrect'
1.0 : Lectures can be difficult to follow and study material is pretty much nonexistent. The online page is an absolute mess. I have never failed a class before in my entire life until this. He is accessible outside of class, but that's about all I can say positive about him. Really, find another professor if you can.
2.0 : 75 percent of the grading scale is two tests and final. Gives a lot of homework that is only worth 5 percent, 2 quizzes that are 10 percent each. Extremely intelligent and knowledgeable, but he wants you to know literally everything the goes over. Can be a bit condescending during office hours. Wants you to do well but is very difficult.
5.0 : Had him for FYE101, just come to class and attempt on the group project then you will get an A. Like Dr. Gorur says, this will be one of the easiest A's you will get.
1.0 : Dr. Robinson is an emotional grader at times v difficult, at others 100 all around. She gives vague instructions and refuses to clarify. She will assume that her class is your only class and that you can spend 40+ hours per week on it. She's a bad listener and gives bad advice. Avoid at all costs.
1.0 : Dr. Robinson will expect you to do 2 hours of reading, a 4 hour project and 6-8 hours on a semester-long project for every class, but won't even show up to her own office hours or give lectures without saying "this isn't important" every other slide. You'll need the extra credit and to ask what she ACTUALLY wants done for the assignments.
1.0 : I'm filing a formal complaint with UAH. She is inconsistent, incoherent, and practically unintelligible. Her "advanced degrees" are a joke from a degree farm. Covers nothing involving writing research papers, instead tells you how to be politically correct when sending emails. Get ready to have a leftist agenda forced down your throat.
1.0 : This class is a joke. Even if if it seems like he's qualified to teach this class, it doesn't mean he should. The class is so easy, but then he ruins you on the exams with material that wasn't in the lectures. Your grade on Canvas doesn't reflect your actual grade. This class is a joke and I hope UAH does something about this garbage of a course
2.0 : Writes very small on a chalkboard. If you sit anywhere from the 3rd row back it is nearly impossible to see what see writes. Does not record her lectures.
2.0 : She did her best with the time given, but was not good at explaining WHY you would use something. For instance, I knew every single formula and knew HOW to do everything, but I never actually learned WHEN to use it. So, all of my studying was pretty pointless considering I was only learning steps and not applications. Retaking class, not with her.
1.0 : He's very unapproachable and not helpful. He went and changed the grade weighting about 3 weeks before the final, claiming he was helping everyone, when he actually dropped most people's grades a whole letter. Don't take if possible. Ignorant and arrogant, only take if you're ready for his way or the highway.
5.0 : He is very helpful in class and even more helpful outside of class! He lectures every class and goes fast sometimes so it can be overwhelming in the beginning of the course. Make sure to do the in class exercises because he gives extra bonus to anything you may have scored low on with it. Easy Grader! If you need help he is very willing to help!!
1.0 : He works around CAD in such a way that makes it hard to follow. He changed the grading scale the week after the drop date by shifting a portion of the grade 20%. This dropped many peoples' grades by whole letter grades. Also would not answer questions in class, would instead get TA to help students and leave kid behind in lecture.
1.0 : Near the end of the semester he decided to change the grading system which brought grades down up to 15%. He then changed the grading system again, and again. Today is the last day of class and he still hasn't graded 60+ assignments and hasn't even told us how much of our final grade these assignments are going to be.
