1.5 : She is not a very good teacher, she gives tons of work and grades it hard. She gets confused herself. She treats students like their dumb if they don't know her material. She is not a very good educator at all
1.5 : Her lectures are monotonous, long, and all out awful. You are required to read for each class; readings can be 40 pages+. Insanely hard grader on the papers. Basically the amount of work required for this class has totaled to more than all three of my current major courses combined. AVOID AT ALL COSTS
1.5 : I am a Philosophy/Sociology undergrad, and took Master level courses, and I am not sure what this professor was doing. Class readings were out of date, forums are op-ed pieces rather than academically sound, and excessive and redundant assignments. This class made me realize why our health care system is in the shape it is.
1.0 : He is very vague. I emailed him asking what exactly he is requesting.  He has not responded yet. He does not read your papers throughly. He told me I have not given him the required format  for an assignment when I did. He unrealistic.
1.0 : He's a nice person, but a terrible Lab Instructor. He grades labs as if he is grading your your Senior thesis.  I went to his office hours to see my grade, and saw on his computer that 16 of the 20 people in lab were at a 55% or less.  DO NOT TAKE HIM.
1.5 : I took him for Bio 199 and dropped the FIRST day of class so I didn't recieve a W. I noticed something about him, he just seemed hard and didn't care for students. Gave a quiz DAY 1, like what!? I came to realize that the class started at around 15-20 people, at the end of the class only like 4 people remained. Take my advice, it isn't worth it!
1.0 : Just reads the slides, I can do that at home. Very unclear on everything. When asked a question he is very vague and leaves you more confused.
1.0 : One of the worst professor ever at Bu dont take her
2.0 : She is terrible at explaining things because she goes so fast through her slides BUT if you bring a laptop to class and have slides in front of you, take notes, you will be okay. You need to do her practice exams because the types of questions on there will be on the exam so you know exactly what to expect. All multiple choice and 2 written problem
3.0 : Mrs. kendrick is a nice woman, her lectures tend to get really confusing. but if you go to her for office hours she usually clears it up. i was never that good with chemistry but i did pretty good in the class. Tests are hard.
5.0 : Dr. Fendrick is not an excellent teacher during lecture, but if you go to her office hours she really helps understanding the concept. Her exams are mostly multiple choice with 3-4 short answer, ranging from 4-5 a semester. The content is challenging, and the exams expect you to not only understand the material, but apply it as well.
3.0 : Dr. Fendrick is a good teacher. People may complain about her, but that's because most don't study very hard and like to complain about their grades. She is more than willing to help, but most of your studying will be done outside of class.
3.0 : She's not a horrible professor, but she's also not that great. She's confusing, but if you talk one on one with her, she can actually be very helpful
2.0 : Only take her for 1st sem if you have a strong background in AP Chem. 2nd sem is tougher material &amp; will require you to put more work/effort. Got an A 1st sem, B 2nd sem. Nice lady but not the best prof. One on one, she can be somewhat helpful and explain the material better.
2.0 : She's a very hard teacher who just doesn't teach well. As a person she's nice but she can't teach... at all. This was the hardest class I ever took in my life. I hated it.
3.0 : Dr. Fendrick is a really nice lady and is always willing to help if you need it. However, at times in lecture she can be confusing and unclear. If you are more of an independent learner, like I was, you'll do fine. If you are not, I suggest you work through all the non-credit hw problems she assigns or visit her during office hours.
1.5 : I had no idea I was going to do this bad in her class. Honestly she is not clear with the material. The tests are confusing because there is always a mistake that needs to be fixed, or even when she's explaining in lecture. When she talks she even gets her words mixed up. This class was the worst of all I have ever taken. Don't take this class!!!
1.0 : This is the worst chem teacher I ever had!!!!!! If you need to pass, please take my advise and don't take her. You will do much better teachers like Kouff and Ronkinen. It was a mistake I took her and I feel bad for myself, because I tried so hard and it was a waste of my time. She is so confusing when she teaches. So best of luck
3.5 : Half her test is taken from her PP lectures sometimes she highlights key things so go to class, the other half is taken from the book problems she assigns. If you go to class and do the homework problems and ask question about the ones you don't understand you'll do fine. Ifs she unclear go to her office hours and ask shes very helpful.
1.0 : Shes one of the worst professors there. Please avoid having her as a professor. Her lectures are unorganized and doesnt make sense. If you dont attend LA sessions or teach yourself youre going to fail.
2.5 : she is hard
1.0 : Doesn't know how to teach, lectures are very confusing. Excessive amount of homework and marks off points unnecessarily. Going to her office hours will confuse you more. Avoid!! She does not care about her students grades and takes over a week to grade exams. She took forever to update assignments as well.
1.0 : She is so boring. Sometimes I don't think she know what she's talking about. She is not a easy going one.
5.0 : This class was easy and I enjoyed it
1.0 : Dr. Riedy is by far one of the worst professors I've ever interacted with. Her attitude about teaching is so pessimistic - not sure why she teaches when she literally tells her students she'd rather be home than in lab. Truly seems she's out there to put students down and see them fail - not fit to be a professor. Hard lab grader, decent quizzes.
1.5 : Dr. Riedy was not my favorite teacher. It seemed liked she rushed her students and hated her job. The quizzes were a bit difficult, but if you listen to what she says before the quiz and read the beginning part of the experiments and take notes you will do fine. You can still get an A in the class if you do well on the experiments.
1.5 : Yes, she is really intimidating, yells at you for the littlest things, and overreacts to just about anything wrong that you do, but the class is actually really easy.  Just read the labs before class so you know what you're doing, and it's an easy A.
2.0 : Professor Riedy always seemed like she didn't want to be there. The first day she didn't show up. She cancelled class once because we were behind in lecture and she thinks its our fault. She always wanted us to get done fast and if we were slow we got yelled at. Just overall was rude and didn't seem like she cared to be there.
1.5 : This class is rough, and Dr. Carvell does not make it any easier.  When you ask him a question he does not answer, but wants you to make something up because you do not know the answer.  The quizzes are hard and I would recommend going to the tutors any and every chance you get.  If you are looking for help from Dr. Carvell, don't bother asking.
2.0 : Not an easy class to take with him. Had to do lot of learning outside the class on my own his quizzes are tough. Does not explain or teach things in class.
1.0 : You might as well drop his class while you're ahead. If you enjoy teaching yourself material, then stay. Dr. Carvell is very nice but he is all over the place and does not care. He's very indirect and practically useless inside and out of the classroom.
1.0 : He is not clear on any specific information for quizzes and just randomly picks things off labs to be quizzed on. And forgot even asking him a question. He looks at you and then walks away since he doesnt know the answer. Avoid at all cost unless you feel like repeating the class next semester.
1.0 : she knows the material but does a horrible job teaching it, she is all over the place. no logical way of delivering material and she laughs at herself during class that she is all over the place with her thoughts.
1.5 : Extremely unprofessional. If you complain about anything or ask questions, you'll get on her bad side. Is fairly easy but once on her bad side she'll grade your work like a hawk. Is tardy daily and relies way too much on her TA
5.0 : Not easy class but the professor is really nice and willing to help us, only you can study  homework enough you will easy get A.
3.0 : Many students think his class MBA 510 is long and tedious because he digresses a lot. While, personally, I like this lecturing style.  I'm an international student and English is my second language. So I have to do a lot of previewing work with Khan Academy and some reading materials.  As long as I finish the preview carefully, I can easily fit in!
1.0 : Awful Professor, worst teacher.  I worked very hard the whole course and got great grades in midterm. The final exam he in purpose didn't let me pass.  Don't recommend him at all. He shouldn't teach graduate or undergraduate students.
1.0 : Horrible teacher, confuses himself every class, cannot articulate the ideas. I am sure he KNOWS Economics, the problem is that he cannot TEACH economics. The exams are open book/notes which is the only saving grace you will have. Be prepared to teach YOURSELF EVERYTHING!!
1.0 : I found that this professor is very political and I am not sure he knows how the real economy works.  On the first day of class he gave us his resume and it was clear that he was fired or left every job he had after a short period of time because of conflict.   It is also clear that this professor could not teach a fish how to swim.
1.0 : Not a easy class but with this professor it was even harder, not helpful at all, if you read the text is really easy but once get in the class you get confused. I am sure he knows a lot about economy but he just don't know how to teach or simplify things and theory. Not suggesting to take any class with this professor
1.0 : Terrible professor. All over the place, didn't make any sense 80% of the lecture. Most students in the class agreed. Don't take this guy, you won't learn anything.
1.0 : Doesn't explain the concepts at all. If students ask him to clarify something, he goes off on a tangent &amp; doesn't even answer the question. He assumes we know everything from class. His quizzes are pretty straightforward though. Would avoid taking him unless you have to. Lab is supposed to be enjoyable &amp; that's the last thing it is with him.
2.0 : Did not like him at all.....I aced physics lab 1 but he made lab really confusing. Everyone hated the quizzes they were asking stupid questions that even he doesn't know how to answer. Anyone can tell he doesn't know what he's doing. He may know physics but he has no idea how to teach it. Do not take unless you  want to stress out for no reason
3.0 : She is a tough love type of teacher. She is very hard and is very precise, but goes out of her way to help people. Also if you respect her and do what you are supposed to do she will respect you back. I took her for chem 114 and took her again for 124. She is definitely a good person and a good teacher.
1.0 : One of the worst professors I ever took. She's so precise that its annoying.  Its a one credit class and I am struggling.  She makes it so difficult to be in lab for three hours.
1.5 : One of the worst professors I have ever had.
2.0 : She expects too much from her students. she wasn't fair in her grading criteria. Gave a lot of homework and wasn't too keen on helping
1.0 : The only grades you got in this class were 4 10-12 page response papers. Class would consist of Abbot Timothy reading 10 pages of quotes from texts he chose. Oh and did I mention that you needed roughly 40 quotes for each paper? Little to no room for creativity. Didn't make criteria clear. Graded unfairly, seemed overly judgmental of students.
1.0 : Worst Teacher ever. He give you a couple quotes and expects you to write an entire paper on on. He does not help you even if you ask nor will he grade your papers fairly. you need roughly 20 quotes for him to be happy.
3.5 : Each week in Religion 130 expect to write two, 6-7 page papers. Yes, that's a lot but he gives you advice on how to improve. If you are not a strong writer then this class may not be the best, but it is absolutely possible to get an A. Also, try to never skip class because it may be hard to catch up. On the bright side, there are no tests!
1.0 : Horrible Lab professor! by far the toughest grader and does not prepare you for the final. Impossible to get an A in this class.
2.0 : I would avoid at all costs to take this professor. Lab is supposed to be about LAB not the lecture. Tough grader, there was only one student that got an A in our class and it was a low A, me and my friends would do the same work and their professor would give them full points while gutierrez would give me a C or lower
1.0 : Professor Chow is very difficult to understand.  He assigns homework that is not consistent with lectures or material.  He also assigns more opinion-based "mini cases" and then takes off way too much when you don't answer it the exact way he would.
1.0 : Do not it
2.0 : Provides feedback and grades long after assignment is submitted. This eliminates the student's ability to utilize her guidance prior to submitting any subsequent assignment. Sometimes does not respond to student questions. Can be absent from the online course until the Dean is contacted for assistance. Not a good role model for nurse educator prog
1.0 : EXTREMELY DIFFICULT AND DIFFICULT TO REASON WITH. GRADES IN A WAY THAT REFLECTS IRRATIONAL THOUGHT PROCESS
1.0 : Terrible, seriously! For the final presentation, we asked him what are his requirements and what he wants us to get done, including the length of the paper.  He said it was for us to decide. However, 2 days before the presentation, he told us it has to be 30 pages long and gave us so many requirements.  He did not help us at all!!!!
1.0 : Took her for MGT 300 and she was about the opposite of good management. Her own attendance was poor (it was a night class, once a week for 3 hours and she missed 3 of the 15 sessions) yet student attendance was mandatory. Teaches straight out of the book, would have learned more in an online setting with NO instructor at all. 0/10 would recommend.
2.0 : You will pass this class only if you are passionate about Science Fiction and have read tons of books. His grading criteria was unclear. Some books he assigns are boring. But, if you don't keep up, be ready to be judged. I am disappointed in him. It's an easy class, but A seems to be difficult for him to give because I think he's a tough grader.
1.0 : Simply put horrible. Ridiculous. If you want your final grade to be just enough to make it so you don't pass, get this instructor. Worse one I had at this university. Steer clear....
