2.0 : I would definitely not recommend taking a class from her! She is the nicest woman outside of class, but her classes are incredibly scatterbrained and confusing, and she grades pretty strictly on all assignments. It ends up getting super frustrating.
3.0 : I took this class Hybrid. BEST DECISION EVER. She is a boring teacher. She lectures on things we already were quizzed on and no one in class is interested. The projects are easy and so are her tests and quizzes. If you show up and try a little you should get an A.
1.0 : She is the most disorganized professor I have ever come across. I would not recommend taking her to anyone!
1.0 : Not very good. Grades very dumb. I has 0% similarity on a research paper and she said I plagiarized from the source. Over do not like her as a teacher.
1.0 : Definitely don't take this course. WITHOUT A DOUBT one of the worst courses I've taken at Biola. Mark McReynolds is rude, unhelpful and a lazy professor, he doesn't explain anything clearly (Assignments, grades, studying for exams), and he feels the need to make his tests so difficult that the class average on them are Ds and Low Cs.
1.0 : he is straight up a bad teacher
1.0 : Environmental Science was a horrible class.  It was probably the worst class I have ever taken.  Avoid this class at all costs!!
1.5 : His environmental project is insane. Don't take this class!
1.0 : Mark McReynolds is not helpful and does not explain projects well enough. I turned in an assignment to him early so he could review before grading it. I fixed everything he told me to, but when he really graded it he gave me a C-. His lectures are boring and unnecessary; if you read the book then you're fine. I do not recommend this class.
1.0 : I wish I could have heard more from her before taking the class. I always went to the writing center and had various friends proof read my papers and I still somehow ended with a C in my all papers. I would ask her what I needed to do and she wasn't clear.
1.0 : BAD, BAD, BAD. I was shocked at how much she doesn't care about helping us. The second class was over she refused to help us any longer and was out the door. Clearly a teacher that only cares about the paycheck. She is NOT what a Biola professor is supposed to represent.
1.0 : Very unhelpful, anal, boring, one of my least favorite classes in university.
1.0 : Probably by far the worst teacher I have ever had. She does not teach at all so expect to do a lot of self learning. She requirements for the class is extremely ridiculous especially for a GE class. If you could take this class with another professor do so.
1.0 : Claims to have been a translator and many things in the past, yet cannot answer countless Spanish questions. Tests are complicated and she spends every other day in class complaining to the class, asking why everyone is failing her class despite "her superior teaching methods" then rants how she only gets complaints.
1.0 : Profesora Bryant's standards of teaching are over-the-top. Her expectations for an ELEMENTARY Spanish course is unecessary. The material is good, but she isn't. 8+ hours/wk of homework for one class? No thnks. I am a graduating Senior for Pete's sake. Please listen to your class ratings Profesora, it may do you better. Too hard w/ full course load.
2.0 : There is no way this should be a 4-credit class. Each unit of homework is 3+ hours long, two of those a week. Six hour-long conversation groups, six corresponding blog posts, two day-long serve day projects, making a video, five spanish chapels, daily quizzes, an oral final, and then a regular midterm and final. Overwhelmed yet? Avoid at all costs.
2.5 : Dr. Bryant was a good teacher, she does give a substancial amount of work but she's very gracious with her grading because she is aware of the work load. She accepts late assignments and doesn't give you a hard time, she responds to every email you send. This is not a class for slackers. She's a great woman, and I have learned a lot.
1.0 : This class was way too much for a GE. She doesn't give any concrete directions, just ambiguous descriptions. Two service projects off-campus that you can basically do  near campus and not have to go to LA.
1.5 : Professor Bryant is a wonderful lady but each class lecture is a repeat of the reading  with examples straight from the book. We often ask for clarifications but she gets confused and tells us the wrong answers. When we ask for help she tells us we just aren't doing our part to understand it. You basically have to memorize the book for the test.
2.0 : His class is easy material-wise, but he is a tough grader. If you make a couple errors on any writing assignments, he'll drop your score one grade level. He also can be very unclear about when assignments are due. There're many extra assignments that aren't listed on the syllabus. On a good note, he's a genuinely good human being with a kind heart.
1.5 : Cannon is the worst prof I ever had. no examples of good work, does not take questions, and no feedback. Examples of professional work? No. (this is a design class-adobe programs) dragging boring instructions with no over-all picture? Yes. No common sense. Monotone, not interested in students, doesn't care, really picky. Never take his class. Ever.
2.0 : She doesn't teach the class so it's hard to talk about her. She shows videos and the TA's do the rest. She is passionate, the field trips are a must, or get the info from a friend. For the most part it is just an "eh" class. She's not great, but she isn't the worst. But annoying.
2.0 : Statistics class: Death by powerpoint and little to no feedback on homework. Lectures were choppy and lack confidence. Quizzes were only 1-3 questions long, so if you miss an answer you're dead. However, at least it can be said that he's kind and willing to help.
1.0 : No tests but gives out a quiz each week. These aren't too difficult but he teaches exactly what the book says in a more confusing manor so it is usually easier to read straight from the textbook. Most classes are useless unless there is a quiz. Lacks confidence and values his high school class over any of his college classes.
2.0 : Homework for her Clas is due at 9 am, no matter what time you take the class. She does NOT use the description box on canvas, and will just leave the assignment as a blank submit button leaving you questioning all your classmates to figure out what she wants.
2.0 : I didn't think I would ever put up a rating, until I found myself in the class of Ketterling. If you are considering taking Life&amp;Letters of Paul and see his name attached to it,I highly recommend not taking it. I wish someone had warned me. He lectures the entire class, you never know how to take notes, and I'd rather eat mud than read these books
2.0 : Didn't feel that I learned much from the class, only a few very simple essays and pretty much showing up. I didn't take notes and there was no reading for the class. She was about ten minutes late for every class so it comes in handy when your also running late. Though she is very kind and approachable the class and her content were useless.
2.0 : Prof was nice but she made us do daily writings that didn't have an particular guidelines that were a waste of time. If it wasn't perfect, she would mark you down. You can't miss class more than 3 times or your grade will drop. Her lectures and papers didn't help me at all with my writing
1.0 : Buy lots of ink because you'll need to print every. single. reading. and annotate it. Some are 20+ pages long.... Don't miss class because EWA's (in class writing assignments) will mess up your grade if you do. They add up. She doesn't accept ANY late work, at all. Don't even try to negotiate it with her.
1.0 : If you miss class more than 3 times (which tends to happen for college students) she marks your grade down 5%. She was never understanding for your excuses of missing class and doesn't care if you are an athlete. Would never recommend this Professor.
1.0 : Going in, I thought she was going to be a great teacher but I was wrong. Class was very boring and she assigned homework that was unnecessary. All busy work. Yes she did give good feedback on our papers, but the process to writing essays was unnecessary. Wouldn't take her again.
1.0 : I never understand what is going on in his class and he is not clear on what is going to be on the tests. I had a high A in the class before the midterm and after it my grade dropped 27% that sad thing is I don't even know what I did wrong. He is a very nice and kind guy, he teaches like a pastor not like a prof. Doesn't clarify anything
1.0 : Has good intentions, and the material from the readings is interesting, but his presentation is very dull and dry. The subject matter is quite interesting, but when half the class is asleep, it doesn't really matter. Very monotonous, so its difficult to pay full attention. He doesn't give a study guide for the midterm (and the final?)its worth 40%
1.0 : His voice is very monotone and his lectures at times consist of just cited bible verses. There is no substance to this class. You only get one excused absence. All his grading is done by his TA which creates a very unclear grading system. His comments or directions usually contradict grading. Do not take his class.
3.0 : oh my word. boring lectures. he gives us like four books to read. I took his three hour class it was death. He is an okay guy but oh goodness not my favorite professor.
