5.0 : Dr. Grace is beyond the best professor I have ever had! The reason the class is easy is because he explains everything so well where it's easy to understand. You won't regret taking his class!
5.0 : AWESOME GUY! He is SUPER into Psychology and his peppiness over the topic bleeds onto the other students. If I was an undeclared, I would become  psych major just because he got me pepped for it.
5.0 : Great prof absolutely recommend him, makes subject super fun.
5.0 : Grace has really interesting lectures, easy tests that he gives study guides for, and he's just a super cool professor. Even though the class is large he tries to learn names and get to know you.
4.0 : This was probably the easiest class that I have had.  Personally, I like to read the textbook, but you can get away without it.  He does include specific details from his lectures on exams but as long as you have reliable friends to get notes from, you should be fine.
4.0 : I like Dr. Grace but he gets very distracted and it's annoying sometimes...
5.0 : Dr. Grace is amazing! His lectures are engaging and funny, tests aren't too hard and he drops the lowest score. Highly, highly recommend!
4.0 : Although I do not like Psychology, Dr. Grace's class was one of the best i've ever taken. Great lectures however it was a tough class. Study well for tests, pay attention, youll do just fine.
4.5 : Considering taking it again just because I loved it.
5.0 : Professor Guerra was a fun and entertaining prof who cared about your well being as a student.
5.0 : Good and Exciting class, he was really enthusiastic about what he was teaching. It was pretty  easy too. Just study your notes and you will get an A (I didn't that's why I have a B) :(
5.0 : He is an awesome professor who loves what he does and keeps the class interesting. He is very straight forward with his tests. If you take good notes and study the study guide he gives, you'll do great.
4.0 : Professor Grace is a really interesting and fun teacher. His classes are full of interesting facts and cool examples. Overall, his stuff is pretty easy, but there are only five 50-question tests, so you need to get near-perfect scores on all of them to get an A.
4.5 : Dr. Grace is simply amazing! Even in a 300+ student class, he has enough energy and passion to get everyone excited and involved. On top of that, the course is very easy! It was a pleasure just coming to lecture and listening to him. Dr. Grace leads you to fall in love with psychology, which is a testament to how great of a professor he is.
5.0 : Prof Grace was one of my favorite! He is the reason I am a psych major today! His lectures are interesting to all even if your not a psych major. The lecture class is one of the biggest on campus so if your not there he won't notice but if you go there is less studying to do on your own time. The big paper isn't hard just start early.
4.5 : Professor Grace is awesome!! I am a visual learner, so I have never ever liked lectures, but Professor Grace's lectures were so interesting and engaging! The assignments you have to do are fun and interesting. He is very personable and always willing to talk to you!
5.0 : Grace is an amazing teacher who is supper easy and nice. I would take the class again with him if I could
5.0 : Easily one of the best professors at Biola! Entertaining and informative lectures, not much homework, and an interesting subject in general. Great class!
5.0 : If you barely study, forget the main textbook get the study guide.
5.0 : I love Dr. Grace! I'm a visual learner and his lectures are so engaging! You gotta take his class :)
4.0 : Great at keeping your attention during lectures. Goes through different waves of drowning in homework
5.0 : Awesome professor. Very funny and tells personal stories that are interesting and relatable to the lesson!
5.0 : Tests can be rough, Highly recommend taking his class, Hilarious and good at keeping your attention
5.0 : Literally the best professor in the entire world.
5.0 : Love Dr. Grace!
5.0 : love it.
5.0 : He is kind, allows participants to share their own views,
5.0 : AMAZING teacher and has become one of my favorites. Honestly, the tests are fairly easy since they come straight from the book. He'll even drop your lowest test score. His lectures are great and really interesting, and they keep you engaged!
5.0 : Such a great professor!
5.0 : His lectures are amazing. He's really funny, and super into teaching. He prays before class and genuinely cares about his students.
5.0 : Take a class from Dr. Grace!! He is the most amazing teacher in the world and I wish he was my dad. Super hilarious, fun and intriguing class. I didn't even open the book, but if you go to class and take some lecture notes the tests aren't bad. He drops your lowest score. I wish I could take it again!
5.0 : By far the best lectures I've sat through in any class, Grace will keep you interested the entire time. Tests are pretty easy with study guides to each. Has a different grading system which is based on points added together from tests, experiments, attendance(which you grade yourself on), extra credit, and an essay.
5.0 : Professor Hill is, in a word, awesome. He has a wealth of insight regarding key theological ideas and principles, and explains topics thoroughly and clearly. He is also funny and extremely kind, so it's easy to pay attention. Very little homework, only 2 (not difficult) tests. Overall a really friendly guy;  I would definitely recommend Hill!
2.0 : He has a lot of knowledge but his lectures and his sense of humor were a bit dry. If you take notes directly from his powerpoints and his side-notes then you're pretty much set. Trying to contact him outside of class is virtually hopeless.
5.0 : I absolutely loved him! He was awkward in this really endearing way, and I could tell that he really cared about us and loved what he was teaching. The subject was dry, and he did his best to make it somewhat interesting. Take him!
5.0 : It was a pleasure being in Prof Hill's class. He explains topics with NO bias then tells you which side he is on after if you ask. Only 2 papers and two scripture memory test plus cohort groups. My favorite theology teacher so far. Definitely take him
4.5 : Thoennes is so passionate about the Bible and all that it can offer. He makes Biblical studies really interesting. There is a lot of homework, but it definitely pays off.
5.0 : Beautiful man inside and out, beautiful lecutres, cares about his students and what he teaches passionately. If you have the chance take any of his classes. You will have to work hard to get an A but it is so worth it.
5.0 : I love Dr. Thoennes. His class really isn't difficult; it just requires commitment. It's a lot of reading, but the material isn't difficult to grasp. You write 3 creeds over God, Humanity and Christ which are so helpful, while at the same time challenging. I have a deep respect for Thoennes, and am really grateful to have been in his class.
3.0 : Your grade is basically made up up the exams and the creed.
5.0 : Here's the deal, Dr. Thoeness requires the amount of work they always told you college classes would require. He expects you to be spending time on his class every day. If you can't do this, this class will be really hard for you. If you are willing to put in the work, however, this will be an amazing class and you will be able to do well.
1.0 : This is by far the hardest class I have taken at Biola. Unless you want to be preached at every morning. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. He gives papers with no rubrics that you will probably fail. Tests are ridiculous and everything is due on the same day. I am a straight A student and barely passed this class. The other reviews on here are lying to you.
5.0 : One of the best profs I've ever had but his class is no joke. His lectures will change your life but the assignments can be difficult. For the creeds try and approach them worshipfully. Go through the course pack and pick out the most important things, put on some worship music and enjoy the process. Study for the test pay attention in class.
5.0 : I followed your videos on Youtube.  Passionate; inspired, creative, concise.
4.0 : Has a reputation as one of the most popular professors at Biola, and for a reason. Dr. Thoennes's class is incredibly challenging. His passion is contagious, although lectures can be a bit tiring from his constant energy. Workload is tough -- the creeds are strictly graded, and reading is an absolute must. Attendance is mandatory.
3.0 : Wonderfully passionate theologian, take his class! Be aware that he’s a busy man &amp; your questions will probably be referred to his TA (she is amazing &amp; patient), &amp; he tends to repeat the same phrases &amp; stories over &amp; over. I enjoyed his class, the reading, &amp; the assignments because they force you to identify &amp; solidify exactly what you believe.
1.0 : Not considerate of divergent viewpoints. Teaches only lecture style. Inconsiderate of students perspectives or feelings.
5.0 : Dr. Thoennes' class was by far the best Bible class I took at Biola thus far. His lectures are extremely engaging and he is passionate about what he teaches. He motivates his students and for the most part everyone I know has loved him. The reading is "mandatory" but definitely helps with comprehension. Tests are hard but hey, it's college.
5.0 : I have never taken Dr. Thoennes, but He must be a good professor, his students always rave about him when I ask why is everyone always trying to talk to him after class. I would like to have the opportunity to take his class but won't be able to. My usual class meets after his class, and this end of the semester the kids still rally around him.
5.0 : Dr. Decker is an amazing teacher.  He's one of the brightest professors I've ever had, but he works very hard to know his students and relate to them.
4.0 : At first the workload seems like a lot but once you get used to it, it's no big deal. His lectures are amazing and life-changing. He is a great prof. Take good notes and turn in your assignments and you'll pass
5.0 : Awesome prof. Learned a lot and had fun.
5.0 : Murray is an amazing teacher who makes time outside of class to listen.
5.0 : He's one of my favorite professors. He opens up a whole world of understanding, and has a lot of experience from which to draw on-- in short, he knows what he's talking about, and his talks have helped me grow in both my academic and spiritual life a TON.
1.0 : worst class ever!!!!!  terrible Professor ever! take this class if you wanna get F.
5.0 : His lectures, while long, are very engaging. He is passionate about what he is teaching. He desires to get to know his students and is always available to talk outside of class, even for non-academic reasons. The material is not too tough, and no tests other than the final. Murray is the best prof I have ever had &amp; I am definitely taking him again!
3.5 : I love my science classes with Cruzen, and I try to take them with him. He is passionate about Biology, and he sees God through it. He wants his students to really learn about Biology, not just test well. He's very laidback and gives lots of grace in assignments.
4.5 : Cruzen is so awesome, I look foward to being in his classes every day! His heart is pure gold and he is a goof ball. It seems like the class is easy but his grades tough on his tests and a bunch of stuff is out of the blue.
5.0 : Definitely the easiest 200 level BIOS class. His lectures are entertaining and interesting, and the lab is great as well. 1 test was a group test, and on the others we were allowed to bring a sheet of notes. Would recommend!
5.0 : I've taken Cruzen for every science class I can because he is so passionate about what he teaches and he wants his students to have that same passion. He will go above and beyond to help you succeed and he is very knowledgable. His lectures and labs are NEVER boring and his classes are very hands on. TAKE HIS CLASSES!
4.0 : Brilliant, amusing, concise. He will pause to make odd little remarks or tell a story from his childhood  they always make the class more enjoyable. There are only 2 early morning options for this class and the content requires alertness to specifics. There is homework assigned every class period and 6 exams given. Important class for anyone!
4.0 : Ciocchi rules! He's hilarious and super great at explaining material which is at times tricky!
5.0 : Ciocchi is a great teacher, but expect a lot of work. Make sure to take the time to do all of his work correctly and really pay attention to detail when studying for his exams. His exams are hard and are essay style, no multiple choice.
4.0 : Professor Ciocchi is a sweet little man. He is very passionate about what he teaches. I found the class a little boring, but at least he was excited about it. He assigns a lot of homework, but it is really easy to do. Practically common sense. You definitely won't leave the class not learning anything. Tests are very specific. Make sure you study.
4.0 : very kind/caring prof. I truly respect his love for what he teaches! His MWF class is is only 50min long, so this might effect the way he teaches in small increments of time. However, everything he teaches/goes over in class is from the class textbook EVERY class. Homework is constant and a pain in the butt if you're here for the class credit.
5.0 : Amazing professor! Expect lots of homework and readings, but they are all worth the time. He masters what he is teaching and explains concepts really well. He was a professor for some of our professors. I really recommend taking Intro to Logic with him. It's a good investment as it will change the way you think.
5.0 : Buck is by far my favorite professor of my college career. He cares about students, makes you want to become a wordsmith, and he provides helpful and caring feedback. I highly recommend any of his classes. He is the BEST!
5.0 : Buck is by far one of the best professors at Biola. He is helpful and gives great feedback on writing, and his lectures are informative and entertaining. Homework every week, but nothing excessive. No final and no term paper, either. He's an amazing prof, and will definitely enrich your Biola experience.
5.0 : You only have to write 3 papers and he is a very easy grader. He is so chill and funny. Loved going to every class. I've hated every english class I have ever taken, yet this class made me excited to wake up at 8am.
5.0 : Buch's Creative Writing class is a blast. The workload isn't crazy, although you do read plenty of great short stories. The bulk of the class is spent writing your own short stories and getting unbiased critique from the class. Buch is hilarious, intelligent, and generous, and the class is always a joy to attend because of him.
5.0 : Dr. Schubert is phenomenal; great prof with plenty of great insights. Always look forward to sessions and outside conversations with her.
5.0 : Callis is a true gem at Biola. If you show interest, he will go above and beyond to get to know you and your work. He is tough to get a hold of, but will drop everything to chat if you can find him (check the woodshop).  He is a true professional in his field, and treats everyone as family.  His wisdom comes from age, but he's 22 at heart.
5.0 : Dan is an amazing teacher. He's had so many years of experience in art and it really shows. He cares about the students' work and get genuinely excited about good projects. He also gives very broad assignments and expects very broad responses which is great.
4.5 : Great professor! So knowledgeable and sarcastic. He facilitates discussion well and opens your mind to a different way of thinking.
5.0 : Matt is a really fabulous guy. You will find that he has a great sense of humor and loves his students. I highly recommend you take a class from him if you get the chance!
5.0 : He is hands down one of the best professors I've ever taken at Biola. I took Book of John and New Testament with him and he is the nicest, funniest, sweetest guy! I'm now a senior and he's still one of my favorite professors I've ever had in college. You HAVE to take him at least once!
5.0 : The professor was very straightforward about what was expected. Lots of writing, but not too difficult. If something comes up and you need more time on something, just ask her. Very practical information learned. She is very inspiring and a great teacher!
3.5 : She's a great professor! Amazingly sweet! Just don't take both of her classes together, just don't.
3.5 : She's a great professor!  Just don't take both of her classes together, just don't.
4.5 : She really knows  the information and has spent years researching and teaching in classrooms. Gives information so clearly, you always know what to expect. The paper is hard, but she helps you through it.
4.5 : Dr. Johnson does require a lot of busy work, but if you have a passion for child development you'll enjoy the class. Her tests are ones you need to study for, and the research paper takes a lot of time, but it is still easy to get an A in her class if you study well. She truly cares about her students and is such a sweetheart!
1.0 : Nice teacher, but I was very confused when I took this course. Deadlines weren't set and wasn't organized.
1.0 : Did not know where I stood as far as my final grade close to the end of the semester. Takes forever to grade assignments.
1.0 : Although I enjoyed the choral experience, I had a hard time with the mandatory traveling that interfered with school work and my job.
4.5 : Best choir professor ever. Passionate about music, loves connecting with students.
5.0 : Best Choral Director I have ever had through my 10+ years of singing at various schools and events. She has a true passion for what she does and she work's the whole choir very hard, but at the same time she cares for all of us. It's a tough love kind of thing. If you every have a chance to do Chorale, you should definitely do it.
5.0 : Wonderful teacher. I really enjoyed his class and I learned a lot. Very gracious professor. I wish Talbot had more professors like him.
5.0 : Hard class but a great professor! He really cares about all his students. He makes class fun and is inspiring!
4.5 : Lots of work and memorization is required but it is very beneficial to understanding the historical context of the Bible and gaining a new perspective. He loves what he teaches and continues to grow his knowledge which makes him a great professor. I will definitely take another one of his classes in the future.
4.0 : He is very passionate about what he is teaching and the books he wrote are required reading but are so well written and interesting. There is a lot of reading and to do well on the weekly quizzes you must read and read well. There is one big paper which he grades pretty hard but if you put time into this class you will do fine!
5.0 : I took BBST 110 with him. He is is a great teacher. He is very organized, polite and wants his students to really learn the material. He goes the extra mile by providing flash cards, and even songs (about the NT books). I really enjoyed his class. You have to keep up with the assigned readings though and keep up with the course packet!
5.0 : One of the sweetest men I have ever met! He is so passionate about God and he encourages his students to do the same. His quizzes and homework are super easy! Take Berding if you want an A! :)
5.0 : Love this professor. He obviously loves God and he also loves his students. You will walk out of his classes with a new and biblical perspective on the course content.
2.5 : Berding is dry as can be. I have heard everyone loves him but I really do not understand it. Yes he knows what he is talking about, but if you want to do well in his class you had better be prepared to put in way more effort than other classes. His lectures are scattered because he cares more about the subject than preparing you for the test.
4.5 : Best teacher for this class... His is 50 minutes with a 10 question reading quiz every week (light reading) while the other professors assigns long papers due every other week. He has a course outline so you just fill in the blanks on the notes along the way as he lectures. Clear cut guidelines and grading.
5.0 : Amazing professor who does a great job explaining the NT in a clear and organized way. The lectures could get a ltitle dry at times but it is very direct and to the point. There are only three graded materials: exams scattered throughout the semester. He gives interesting discussions and answers any questions you may have! Really enjoyed the class!
4.0 : I have taken 2 of Dr. Berding's classes and I'm currently enrolled in 2 more. He is dedicated to teaching the truth and cares deeply about the lives--both scholastic and otherwise-- of his students. Not taking him would be a M I S T A K E! His class can be difficult, but it is a good challenge that will be worth your time!
4.5 : One of my favorite professors at Biola. Dr. Berding is so meek in His love for the Lord, and s one of the most humble men of God I have encountered. Ive taken three classes by him and I am taking two more this semester.
5.0 : Dr. Berding is one of my favorite professors. He is a good teacher who genuinely cares about his students and loves what he teaches. He is a humble servant of The Lord and His walk was inspiring and motivating. He also knows the Bible like the back of his hand.
2.0 : Would not take him again. Not helpful, judgmental, close minded, and doesn't have an interest in lives or input of student who don't agree with his views. Has discouraged me a number of times in my goals and work.
4.0 : He really cares about his students, and is always willing to help and answer any questions you have about anything.  There are weekly quizzes which aren't always easy, but if you do the reading you will do fine.  I highly recommend him!
5.0 : I love Prof Williams! He is funny, engaging, and doesn't make you read a boring textbook! The class was a lot of busy work, but not hard &amp; a lot of times the assignments were fun &amp; interesting. Tests are pretty difficult b/c they are very detailed (based on the lecture), but the class is totally worth it b/c he's so awesome! Take him over Eltiti!!!
4.0 : Class felt more like a bible study than a college course. Very nice guy, but felt like I was listening to a pastor &amp; not a professor. Except for 1 book, all materials were written by him &amp; they were ALL bible studies. When I'm paying 3k for a class I expect it to be much more academic/informative, something I couldn't receive from a church.
4.5 : He's great! He seems to really care about his classes.  He gives quizzes at the end of each class, but they are not too bad! No midterm.  All you have to do is keep up with the very few assignments he gives and show up to class, and you'll be golden.
3.0 : Lots of busy work. You read books that he wrote and I never got a lot out of them. The "projects" were not very enriching and everything I gained from the class was from reading that I did for myself. Lectures long and hard to focus in. Hard to reach by email. Good guy, should probably stick to being a pastor instead of a teacher.
4.0 : Great professor for this class. He delivers the truth and only the truth- the word of God. Easy workload and the class is fairly easy as long as you do all the assignments.
5.0 : JP is a living legend! Plain and simple. If you aren't taking him, you are not only missing out, but you are probably getting a worse grade somewhere else.
5.0 : I love JP! Some of the assignments are tedious and repetitive, but it stuck and I guess that's the point. I will always remember that content. There are only like 2 assignments and a group project, so it's not bad at all. He is hilarious and really opened my eyes to who God is. He has an infectious passion for the Lord and for the Bible
4.5 : She is an AMAZING voice teacher. Though initially intimidating, she is so sweet and surprisingly funny. She definitely expects a lot from her students--it will take work, but work  progress. (Also, expect to practice 7hrs. a week for an A). I look forward to my voice lesson every week.
5.0 : Van Lant is by far one of the best professors in the psychology department. He did his best to help out his students. During the semester he had personal family problems of his own but that didn't stop him from being an amazing professor. The class isn't hard, just make sure to study and pay attention and of course take good notes :)
1.0 : For the love of everything good in the world, avoid Harman. One of the worst teachers on planet earth.
5.0 : Marketing 230 with Harman was my favorite class I've taken  in college and the class I learned the most in. It is where I discovered my love for marketing. It is very challenging, but you get out what you put into it.
4.0 : Harman's Intro to Marketing class honestly isn't as difficult as everyone says it is. He's pretty strict about turning things in on time so make sure you check Canvas! My grade suffered because I turned 2 assignments in late.. But other than that he's a pretty easy grader, especially on the project, which is the biggest part of your grade.
5.0 : Harman is hands down the best professor I've had. He is vulnerable, humble, open and a man of high integrity.  I can't recommend this class enough - it will change the way you think about business!   I wish I could take it again! He cares more about his students than grades and genuinely wants them to succeed.
5.0 : Hartman is amazing!! He genuinely cares about his students and helps cultivate community. You have to work really hard in this class, but it is the most rewarding class I have taken and inspired my career in marketing. Absolutely loved this class.
5.0 : While this class is mostly focused on a big paper, Les definitely prepares you for it. He is passionate, cares about his students, and probably one of the best professors I have ever had.
5.0 : Amazing Professor! My college experience wouldn't have been the same without him. Learned so much about business AND life from him. His class is definitely challenging and time consuming, but SO worth it.
5.0 : I loved going to class every thursday. The time was pretty dreadful, but he knew that and made sure that we all enjoyed class. Make sure to stay up to date on your reading and you'll do great. Participation is almost your whole grade.
3.0 : Talley is very knowledgable, and I think he cares for his students. It's a large class so there is no personal interaction with the professor. My biggest suggestion is to stay up on the reading and worksheets and you will do fine.
4.5 : The worksheets are a lot of work but well worth it to gain a deeper understanding of the OT. He is an easy grader, it is a large class size, he is so willing to connect and communicate with students, his lectures and insights are wonderful, and this class really expanded my view of God's interaction with His people. I highly recommend him!!
3.5 : Talley's  a knowledgable professor. His lectures can get a little too preachy at times for my taste, but if you're in to that type of thing, you'll like him.
3.5 : I loved Dr. Talleys class. His worksheets are a lot of work, but his lectures and passion for what he teaches makes it worth it. His classes were the highlight of my day. What he says is inspiring, and the class was life changing.
4.0 : Talley is an incredible professor. I came out of class not only with knowledge, but with a desire to seek God more. You read almost all of the Old Testament for the worksheets project. That project is definitely tedious, but so rewarding! I received 100% on them so it is not impossible.
4.5 : Dr. Talley expects good work from students. His infamous worksheets are not bad. It does come around and bite you in the butt if you do not know how to manage time and space out the work load. But, I loved every moment working on the worksheets and my love for the Old Testament grew immensely. Talley is a beast and a prophet.
4.5 : Really helpful class, taking it was Talley was amazing I learned a lot. Worksheets take a while but if you stay on top of them and the readings you will get an A.
5.0 : Amazing prof that expects every student to work hard in order to receive a good grade. However he does emphasize the importance of you learning over receiving a good grade.
4.0 : The only hard thing about this class is his worksheets because they take up a lot of time. But, as long as you manage your time well you will be fine.
4.5 : Beware! Talley is not for the faint-hearted! But his class is oh so worth all of the work you put into it. OT with Talley is not for everyone, but if you are willing to put the work in to learn what God wants to teach you through digging deep into the OT, take Talley's class!
4.0 : Tests? Easy, you'll do well in the class even if you don't do well on the tests. Pop quizzes given often based off of reading (usually partner or group). Talley worksheets? Hard but SO WORTH IT. Start early and you'll be fine. GO IN FOR HELP. DO IT. Super awesome class, TAKE IT WITH TALLEY.
4.0 : AMAZING PROFESSOR! He cares so much about his students and their spiritual growth. BUT, he is very difficult because of the worksheets and it is imperative that you not work with others on those worksheets because he does not allow it. Very independent work. 10/10 recommend.
5.0 : If you don't take Talley for OT then you are missing out. OT with Talley  will change your life if you let it. Don't let the workload keep you from taking this class. It will be the best decision you ever make.
3.0 : Great class, lots of work, and sucked at the end because he entered a last major grade wrong (higher than it was) I felt bad so I told him and he told me he appreciated my honesty. A few days later he changed it, to a score lower than what I got and by the time I noticed it couldn't be changed. Smh.
4.0 : You know when you go the gym 5 days a week to try and attain a goal of weight loss or muscle build? The work to GET THERE isn't easy, but it pays off. That's what it is like taking Dr. Talley's class. Everyone badmouths his homework load, but I refer back to my notes multiple times a month even now--his lectures changed my life! A MUST take.
4.0 : LOVED Talley. Makes OT interesting and understandable. His infamous worksheets are not that bad, just a little time consuming. Would recommend!
1.0 : Don't take him. Especially not for the online courses. He's pretentious and has crazy strict grading policies. Hated being in his class.
5.0 : I love Dr. Talley because he challenged me to really read the Old Testament and learn from it. Although his worksheets are a lot of work, I realized that they are very constructive and teach you to read the Bible carefully. Would highly recommend this class cause the work is totally worth it. Lectures are really good too.
3.5 : Yes, the worksheets take a little while, but that's it. They are so manageable. I did this class WHILE is physiology and I still got an A. If I can do it, you can too!
4.0 : Talley expects a lot from his students. The worksheets are infamous, and they take a lot of time and effort (usually 6-8 pages), but they are so helpful in understanding the OT. Go to his office hours. He really appreciates it when students take the time to check up on their progress. He gives good feedback on past worksheets.
5.0 : His OT class was my FAVORITE class! He is very structured and organized in his teaching and made me love the Old Testament. I don't love history but Talley's lectures are so engaging and just overall incredible. The worksheets are very time consuming but you learn so much from them so they are well worth it.
4.0 : AMAZING professor. I learned more in his class than any other Bible class! He is always ready to help you. Lectures are long, but notes are basically given to you making studying easy. If you pay attention and read it is an easy class. Do your worksheets a few days before they are due. Lots of work, but so worth it. For sure take him!
4.5 : His class is mostly busy work. He is also great lecturer, I took him online so it was 100% videos. I honestly don't get why Biola charges so much to take this class because literally the only thing he really does is grade (everything else is already recorded).
4.0 : The lectures are amazing; he can definitely explain things really well, and he shares his wisdom. Cares for how students do academically and spiritually. There's a fairly large workload, so be ready to read and delve into the material and stay on top of assignments. He gives some room for late assignments, doesn't really take attendance.
4.5 : Yes, Talley worksheets are a lot of work. But if you stay on top of them, they are totally doable. There is a lot of homework in this class but his lectures are amazing. Every single class he applies what you're learning in the Old Testament to your life today. I highly recommend taking him! It is completely worth the effort.
5.0 : Dr. Christerson is my favorite professor at Biola.  He is incredibly insightful, truly passionate about what he teaches, and really wants his students to understand the material.  He's super caring, and really has a heart for the oppressed and marginalized.  Take his class! It won't disappoint :D
4.0 : One of my favorite professors, I enjoyed the books we read in his classes. I also like his teaching style. We had a lot of group discussions and really short presentations. The readings were not that hard at all and super interesting. He's very passionate about his subjects, mature, intelligent and humble. I would definitely take him again.
5.0 : Dr. Brad is an excellent teacher. Just a pleasure to learn from.
4.5 : He definitely knows his Spiritual Formation subject matter well.  Go to class because his lectures are often a lot more interesting than the reading (even though a lot of the required reading is his own work).  Studying for his tests can be difficult if he's covered a lot of material.
5.0 : one of the best professors I have ever taken. Weekly assignments may be tedious, but extremely interesting and insightful. Be sure to save all your work because it will be needed for your portfolio at the end of the semester. Best class I have ever taken, really enhanced my desire to teach.
5.0 : Dr. Kleist's class is a lot of work, but all very worth it. I've seen more improvement in my one semester with him than I have in all four years of high school English. Despite the tough grading on papers, he really tries to give out as many bonus opportunities as possible. He is a brilliant man who really loves helping his students.
5.0 : Dr. Kleist's class was easily my favorite of the semester, even though it was challenging at times. He can be tough grader, but never beyond reason and he always provides comments and suggestions. Dr. Kleist is generous when it comes to extra credit and is more than willing to help if a student asks.
4.5 : There is a lot of reading and the essays are fairly difficult but all the work is worth it. No matter how challenging the work is, he makes it so much fun because he loves his students and the material he teaches. He is very theatrical, understanding, and involved in discussion. He changes your perspective of the material and the context it is in.
5.0 : I've never been one to care for literature, but Dr. Kleist was able to interest me with it and even made class enjoyable. He is extremely passionate and knowledgable about what he teaches. The papers were difficult but he works with you, and gives lots of feedback to improve your grade. Dr. Kleist is an incredible teacher and and even better human.
4.0 : Kleist's classes are very difficult. I have taken him for two different courses and was struggling through them, but made it out of both okay. He is so worth the work though. He is great fun and really cares about each student and you learn SO much from his class. I wish I was able to take more classes with him.
4.5 : Dr. Kleist is a fantastic teacher. Although I had to work very hard in that class, he recognizes your effort, and offers clear suggestions and encouragement in response. The more you put in, the more you get out. There have been several times where I was struggling to write an essay and he gave me good guidance and  advice that helped me improve.
5.0 : Sat in on a couple of lectures at a Biola on the Road Apologetics conference this weekend. I was truly inspired to communicate well and build trust so I can impact the Kingdom of God to his glory. Captivating lectures sprinkled with humor abd delivered with passion.  Disclaimer: had to select a course code to post to ignore that :-)
4.5 : Muehlhoff is by far one of my favorite professors in the comm department! I have taken most of his class and overall he is very wise and hilariously funny. Paper for the class is crucial and the exam are his typical. If you aren't familiar with his exams, just know that handout are 'Gold'. Also you have to study in order to pass.
5.0 : Gender Communication: one of the best classes I've taken at Biola. Only graded on 4 things: 2 tests, a paper (pretty easy), and sabbathing journal. Have to memorize Psalm 139:1-18. His tests are his usual (really difficult, but preps you to succeed). Would HIGHLY recommend.
5.0 : I took American Short Story. Even though he is quiet monotone, you will see his passion for teaching if you follow along. There are lots of reading but selections were pretty interesting, I had no problem. Class is more about relaxing and enjoying the classical literature than being excited with new and crazy stuff. It can be a hit or miss maybe.
3.0 : Lectures are super dry
3.0 : Dr. Malandra is by far the most awkward person I have ever met. Class can sometimes be extremely uncomfortable... however, it is not a hard class at all. There are quite a few writing assignments, but it's an english class.. It makes it better that they are done over time, so you get it done gradually and receive a lot of feedback.
2.0 : Really boring professor. His classes all follow the exact same outline (author bio, answer 5 questions in a group), and even though he is very knowledgable I would not recommend him. He was also quite condescending to students that presented in class. He is not very good for a GenEd lit class, and he also assigns a lot of reading and work.
4.0 : Kurt is an amazing professor. I have taken two courses with him and they have both been fantastic! He cares about the subject matter so much and gives many inspirational information to excite and stimulate art making. He is open to breaking the "rules or guidelines" as long at its done well, and is open in general to different approached! Awesome!
5.0 : Professor Sprowl is one of the sweetest ladies ever. She cares about her students and their writing. Her class can get a bit boring and awkward when people do not want to participate, but there is hardly any homework besides some essays. She is very understanding if an assignment needs to be late. This woman truly shows God's love to her students.
3.0 : She used to be super easy, but this last semester has started grading a lot harder because she apparently got in trouble for grading too easily. Really boring class, gets off topic constantly. I would recommend taking an easier professor, there are lots here at Biola for English.
4.0 : Sprowl is a kind soul. you can tell she cares so much about the well being of her students, not only in the classroom but also in their lives. She does get off topic a lot and the class is not very interesting. never the less, she is an awesome lady and an A is easy to get if you just do your work.
4.5 : Probably one of the easiest English classes you will ever take. Lots of reading. Great attitude in class and always tries to lighten the mood. Expect reviews of what you already know, but if you can write well, she'll love you. She's a tough grader, but only if you don't know what you're doing. Goes over grading criteria for  most assignments.
4.0 : Took her G.E. class.  Class itself is relatively boring, but she tries her best to make it fun. Lots of busy work, but it's an easy A if you turn in your stuff and participate in class. Extremely sweet lady. Will help you when asked. No huge assignments save a few papers towards the end of the class. Loved all the essays we read. Would recommend!!
1.0 : For a freshman writing class, she was pretty ridiculous. Always distracted in class and would go off on tangents for the entire hour. Graded more harshly than most  113 professors, but never told you why you got points off. Super vague instructions, and many of her projects had nothing to do with writing despite that being the purpose of the class.
4.5 : HANDS DOWN BEST PROF. EVERR! Has a big heart for his students, pretty easy class and very funny! I recommend:) !  had him for hs too!
3.5 : Wonderful woman of God. Aerobics really makes you work up a sweat. However the location in G17 is very tight with the number of students. Kind of too tight if smaller spaces bother you. Room also a bit stuffy.  You get on the floor a lot and its pretty dirty so if you're a germ freak wouldn't recommend. An outdoor class would probably be better.
4.5 : Renda is very sassy and has lots of energy. She's a fun teacher, and she makes sure everyone is on the same page before moving ahead on new choreo. Her Advanced Conditioning for Rhythmic Movement class will be really easy if you've got a dance background, but still easily passable if you're new to dance, as well.
5.0 : Renda Pettis is honest to God one of the best teachers at Biola. She is incredible, she truly cares about students. Plus, if you're looking for a great core workout and some dance fundamentals, you're in luck.
5.0 : Renda is the reason my last semester before graduating wasn't in shambles. She got me to work harder than anyone has ever before, both aerobics and dance were physical outlets I was in need of and her attitude and presence are glorious amd motivational.
5.0 : Renda is wonderful. Very open to communication, Very inspirational, just amazing in every way.
5.0 : Took her Stretch and Strength class and loved it! If you're into stretchingflexibility this is a great class to take.  We also did workouts targeting different areas of the body which I found to be very effective.  Wish this class met more times in a week! She's hilarious and a great woman of God.  Will definitely take another class from her.
4.0 : I am not a Bible major. To me, the Acts class was like a 35. We talked more about what happened in Acts rather than how it applied to our lives today. The tests were hard! You have to know what happens in every chapter in Acts. The Canvas page was maddening to work with. Lunde is tech-challenged. Other than that, good teacher, just a hard class.
4.0 : He  gave relevant lectures. The best part of his class, personally, was the fact that his expectations were super specific--you always knew what was expected from you. Everything he lectured about was important to the class. You'll need to be on time bc there is a quiz at the beginning of ea class.
3.0 : Passionate and caring professor. Honestly felt his lectures were dry most of the time though.
5.0 : BY FAR FAVORITE BIBLE CLASS!!!! He is absolutely amazing!!!!! You will not regret it! SO worth taking!
5.0 : Dr. Lunde really cares about his students. He tries to get to know everyone and help everyone learn. He doesn't want you to just have knowledge, but apply it to your life as well. The class is a lot of work, but it's not too hard.
4.5 : She's super intelligent, funny and her views are very respectable.
5.0 : Dr. Hall may be intimidating at first, but incredible once you get to know her! The class takes a lot of time and effort (pay attention in lectures!!), but you can get SO much out of it if you actually care &amp; want to. This class confirmed help me understand how intertwined psycology &amp; theology are and gave me a foundation for the rest of my courses
2.5 : Dr. Hall is really a respectable woman and she exudes professionalism. Her exams are extremely difficult if you don't take careful notes, so be prepared to pay close attention during her lectures. Definitely not an easy A but learning the material presented in this class is worth it. Amazing  and thought-provoking lectures.
5.0 : Matthew Weathers is without a doubt a legendary figure at Biola. He is amazing. His lectures are entertaining, and he is charming. The work load for his class isn't much at all. Just stay on top of it. I don't even like math, and he made me appreciate it!
5.0 : Mr. Weathers is the kindest man.  Though originally I had a hard time sitting through his  class because it was a little boring, eventually his personality comes through and he is actually hilarious. What an angel.  He is encouraging and inspiring and understanding.
4.5 : Best Professor at Biola! I have always hated math, but he made it really fun and interesting. Always has a creative way of explaining the topics covered. If you have the choice take his Nature of Math class.
4.0 : He is funny! Class isn't hard.
4.0 : Weathers is an amazing prof. He's very detailed and knows how to keep lecture interesting. His class isn't very hard, but reading the textbook definitely helps.
5.0 : Mr. Weathers is the most adorable grown man in the world! He is a sweetheart and cares for his students. Also hilarious. The class is pretty boring but he makes it worth showing up to class and gives so much grace and extra opportunities it is impossible to do poorly! He drops the lowest test grade and quizzes too.
5.0 : Prof. Weathers is the nicest teacher you can have and his class is the best to take for math.
5.0 : He cares about students, makes everything easy to understand, offers math help for further help, and is also very available if there are any other needs. He has very precise knowledge and is hilarious. This is a very simple class but he makes it fun to learn math techniques you’ll probably only use once. It’s totally worth experiencing his class!
5.0 : He's a very good professor. Cares a lot about your learning. You don't need a textbook because he provides them online. Gives extra credit opportunities. Really funny. He has his own youtube channel.
5.0 : Amazing teacher. This class is less about Math and more about broadening your horizons. This class will teach you to think from others perspectives. Fantastic lectures, extremely organized, and a joy to listen to.  As a theater major and non-math person, this class was perfect.
5.0 : I love Mr. Weathers so much. His class is really easy, but he genuinely cares for his students and wants them to get something out of it. Not to mention, he's hilarious, and has a really cute personality. He's the only man I know who is able to make math class interesting, especially because he talks about how math relates to other areas of life.
5.0 : Professor Weathers is an amazing professor. I took Math 120 with him and he's such a hilarious person, playing pranks and just being a casual guy. His lectures are interesting and keep you awake. I'm not a math person but Professor Weathers makes it more fun and he is always available to help you.
4.5 : Professor Weathers is THE BEST. Not enough words to describe him: Precious, knowledgable, caring, helpful, and passionate about math. He makes the class interesting. Basic math. Review for exams. His love for Jesus is so contagious it makes me tear up. He is just a great person and somehow is able to encourage you in all areas of life. Take him!
4.0 : Prof. Weathers is one of the nicest and most caring professors in Biola. His lectures are super casual and super hilarious. Even though the lectures can tend to get boring sometimes, Prof. Weathers' teaching style makes it worth coming to every one of his class. He is truly one of the most beloved professors in Biola.
4.0 : There is a free copy of the book online and if you get all the notes in class all you need it for is the homework. He is a really funny teacher that is very aware that his class is a Gen Ed so he doesn't expect a lot from his students. That being said he is really passionate to see his students succeed. Definitely take for Gen ed math.
5.0 : He's really funny, he even has videos on youtube. His lectures are long and you may fall asleep, but the coursework is managable and pretty easy if you pay attention.
4.0 : The class is overall challenging, yet do able for those who hate math. Ask questions in lectures and take advantage of the math lab or friends god at math.
5.0 : He was great!
5.0 : MATT IS THE BEST! his classes are super easy, but you actually do learn a lot. he is a great role model for future SPL's
5.0 : Matt is awesome!! I absolutely love his classes. AS long as you do the reading you should be fine on the quizzes. He is a really helpful teacher and if you don't understand he will work with you until you do. Take His Classes he is great!!
5.0 : TAKE HIS CLASSES! If you want an easy class take Intro to Human Disabilities and Disorders, its SO easy and very interesting. He takes attendance every day and you can miss two classes before he counts it against you. Two quizzes each week online, and those quizzes turn into your test. SO EASY! Take his class, seriously. (Textbook needed)
5.0 : I love Matt! Intro to Human Disabilities has been extremely fascinating! Expect a quiz every class (which is easy if you read--but don't get into the habit of reading the material the morning of), but they're fairly easy. Matt is extremely personable and does a great job of integrating faith into the classroom.
4.0 : Matt is a person that does not seem to have strong opinions on how you should do things. It's sometimes difficult to know exactly what he wants, but be assured that he probably won't mind whatever you do. He teaches in such a way that the information gently falls on your brain; like feathers drifting to the ground. Take his classes!
3.5 : I LOVE Matt! His class is SO interesting and EASY. He really loves his students and his prayers always touch me before class starts. He is super understanding and lenient. I love and respect him so much!
5.0 : Such a caring and respected professor! Easy A, 3 monthly exams, one final exam, 4 papers, and one group project.
5.0 : I took Philosu with Gregg over Interterm and it was the best choice ever. He is a great teacher and makes some hard concepts easier to grasp. We had a quiz every class which were easy as long as you did the readin. No midterm, his final was written, not too bad. If you ever struggle with anything he is a ton of help and would love to meet with you.
5.0 : Dr. Ten Elshof is the best lecturer at Biola. Period. He makes you care about even the most complex, most tedious topics - he answers your questions - and he's just a good man.    Take his classes. All of them.
5.0 : Biola has AMAZING Profs &amp; as a SR Bible major, i've taken some of the best in Thoennes, Lunde, M. Williams, Talley, Klink, etc. but Prof. Gregg Ten El Shof is one of the best profs I've ever taken. I nvr imagined i'd love Phil so much, but he teaches with such clarity and makes Phil so interesting, it's a gift. &amp;i took him for interterm! TAKE HIM.
4.5 : Amazing guy, super knowledgable, super entertaining
5.0 : I honestly would take every single class of my college career with this man. Adore him. Philosophy is confusing stuff but he makes it very clear, and uses funny &amp; memorable examples in class that really help us understand everything. TAKE PHILOSOPHY WITH HIM! Just so genuine and kind and Jesus-loving and funny and made the class a blast!
4.5 : I majored in phil so I saw Ten Elshof a lot. He is easily one of my favorite professors ever. He is passionate, mind-boggingly clear when he speaks, and incredibly smart (though horrible at spelling... "squirl" and "canalope"?!) and he is hilarious. Super tough grader though (please do NOT take a non-intro phil course if that is not your major).
4.5 : Makes difficult and lengthy philosophical concepts simple and concise. He is insightful, funny, down-to-earth, and a very precise grader. Papers are short but he grades by each sentence. The midterm and final are the only exams and they are written essay prompts. There is a lot of reading required. His lectures are clear.
4.0 : Professor Feller is very demanding. He isn't playing games. He expects excellence from students. If you ask, he'll take the time to answer your question to the best of his ability. He seems like he's in a hurry at all times but he simply is just a FAST GUY. He talks fast and walks fast. LOL. He's a passionate teacher.
5.0 : Twisselman is great for Intro to Philosophy! I was dreading taking philosophy, but he made class engaging and interesting. In class there is some lecture and a lot of class discussion. He is engaging and funny and loves questions. The workload is not bad: weekly reading and short quiz, multiple choice midterm, essay final, and only 1 paper.
5.0 : Dr. Twisselman's Intro to Philosophy class is so much fun. Great way to get a GE out of the way and enjoy it as well. I highly recommend him. His classes are 3 hours but there is a break and he makes it very interesting.
2.5 : Did not provide feedback on your photo projects unless you showed it during class, which made it hard to make any progress in them. Did not regularly provide the grades on assignments, so it was hard to know how I was doing in the class.
4.0 : Dean is hands-down the best film professor at Biola. He loves film and teaching and he is great at giving critique. He is not mean or harsh on you, but he's not afraid to tell you the truth. Work hard for your projects and he'll appreciate your hard work. He is a bit monotone but that's just Dean.
5.0 : Professor Yamada is wonderful!  He is a great teacher and he really knows what he's talking about.  He may not seem approachable at first, but he really cares about his students and is happy to answer questions you may have.  He pushes you to do your best and has high expectations, but if you believe in yourself and do your best, you'll do fine.
2.0 : A harsh grader and grades on what he personally likes.  He doesnt offer to help you learn what you're getting wrong and does not teach well.  He expects you to learn from the book and to be able to have cinematic quality work to show for projects.  A very hard teacher and class.  I wouldn't suggest it, but unfortunately its required for CMA majors.
5.0 : If I'm being honest, the program is letting in students who are neither qualified nor motivated to become great filmmakers. We would be foolish to lose Dean as a professor because of how he challenges us to be great. If you're sorta interested in film and have a thin skin, don't bother.
4.0 : Good professor and fun class to take! Not a super easy A but not dreadful either. Weekly quizzes that you will need to study the chapter for, 5 photography projects (intense) and a final short film.  He is fun and has a good sense of humor but can be a little strict.
5.0 : He is one of the best professors I've ever had. He is a fair grader and gives incredibly clear grading criteria. You'll have to work hard, but he provides everything you need to succeed. He also cares deeply about his students and will bend over backwards to help them succeed.
3.5 : Accomodating, understanding, wise. This was a brand new class when I took it. We read some Plantinga and Wolterstorff, wrote papers every week that were scrutinized in class. Really helpful in learning Chicago Manual Style citation and deductive reasoning tables but also frustrating. Dont take it unless you are a philosophy major/minor.
5.0 : He is a very gracious, passionate, peaceful professor intent on connecting teachings of philosophers with the Jesus shalom way of life. There is a lot of reading and a bit of writing for this class, but the philosophy is interesting and worth applying. There were equal amounts of time spent in enlightening lectures and deep discussions. Great class
5.0 : super easy to get an A, and he makes the speeches not scary at all. the only down side is his obnoxious attitude that thinks he is always right and that he thinks he knows absolutely everything there is to know about everything.
5.0 : Only ever take Comm from him!! He's amazing and really looks out for his students and wont let you fail
5.0 : very intelligent, but he relates to his class. He is a pastor, so his tangents are usually related to the bible, which is super cool. hes fluid when it comes to time, usually late to class. has high expectations of the class, but grades very easy. BEST GE CLASS. recommended for summer!!
5.0 : Great, hilarious guy. Uses good stories to teach. Definitely recommend this professor.
5.0 : One big fireball! Able to keep students' attention by being very lively and animated. Lectures are littered with gold nuggets and wisdoms. Very knowledgeable in many areas that are required to teach this class. Very kind and understanding
5.0 : Prof Elliott is the MAN. He's awesome. If you're looking for a perfect intro to comm teacher, this is your guy. Super funny, nice, genuinely caring about his students and their work, supportive in feedback, and ultimately gives you all the opportunity in the world to have an easy A in his class.
2.0 : This semester he changed things up and it wasn't too good. We were the first class that he tried this new course with and personally, it didn't work. I don't feel like I learned anything. He's very unclear on what he wants us to do which was really stressful. Don't take this if you actually want to learn how to write or present a speech better.
5.0 : Took his 3 hr and I didn't even feel like 3 hrs. He amazing and one of my favs. He changed the set up of his class. its awesome. You do regular class the first half of the semester like lectures and you take quizzes from the reading. The second half is practice speeches and when you feel ready you give your final speech. great guy, and funny!!
5.0 : I find Dan to be super funny (I see how some might find him annoying) he is loud an animated (as comm professors should be). Textbook is needed for online quizzes that you can do with friends, 3 Speeches and that's it, super easy! Elliot understands his students and gave some real biblical talks that wasn't fluff. Highly Recommended.
2.0 : Persuasive Communication: Rambled about topics, didn't learn too much. He took forever to grade our papers (over 2 months). Funny and captivating guy, but not the best.
4.5 : Take this class, you won't regret it!  I was uneasy about this class but turned enjoying it. His sarcastic humor and jokes are a plus.  He can be kid like at times, but keeps the class alive and is well respected as a debate coach. super easy hw and debates are nice bc he  gives you helpful advice to improve and doesn't grade till the final debate.
5.0 : Best and easiest teacher at Biola university! The only way you can fail is by not showing up! You might be nervous for the debates at first, but once you start doing them you realize how chill it is! He doesn't even grade until the last debate! TAKE THIS CLASS!
2.0 : This class is a TON of work. you write and deliver 2 long speeches per class. He is not an easy grader. He is not at all easy to access outside of class. After a full semester with 15 students, he did not remember any of our names. If you're taking comm as a GE, do not take this class. The hardest comm class out there. I really hated it.
4.5 : Such a god professor. I am definitely not an argue and debate type of individual and was nervous to take it but his class was great. if you are a nervous for argue and debate or any speech class then take this one. he is so entirely helpful and non judgmental and only one debate is graded and his quizzes are SOOOO easy.
5.0 : Dr Greene is passionate and knowledgeable.  She is very "old school" in that she lectures &amp; writes on the whiteboard.  She has engaging conversations w/ her lecture. If you are a black &amp; white kind of student, you may have a hard time doing her assignments. She seeks differentiation w/ her papers &amp; doesn't want word-for-word text answers.
5.0 : Doctor Greene was a real gem of a teacher. Her classes are well organized around long structured lectures and 4 10-14 page papers. She has a passion for Development and loves sharing it with her students. I'm guessing the people who don't like her classes are usually the ones who weren't really expecting such a focused class on development issues.
4.0 : Pro's - She's really organized and straight forward. I enjoyed her no-nonsense attitude in class, and she really cares -She gives you everything you need to succeed on her papers  Con's - She's serious about missing class -Her lectures can be kind of dry  -The papers are long, and there's lots of reading
5.0 : Strat's tough but follow what Sherwin says and you'll be great. Look to him for constant feedback, don't try to criticize yourself.
5.0 : Easily my favorite professor of all time. Sincerely cares for his students and wants to do everything he can to ensure their success. Values in-class participation very highly, and encourages students to offer their viewpoints. Very respectful, friendly, and inspirational. I absolutely love Sherwin and would definitely recommend his class! 5 Stars!
1.0 : Just do what he says and you'll get an A. This isn't your moment for creative thinking. In fact, you'll need to make sure and present exactly what he wants because this is a Sherwinomics class. The good thing about this class is you get to practice your public speaking skills. The bad thing is you're being fed bad information about business.
5.0 : Sherwin is the best business professor at Biola and really cares about his students. He teaches through stories, experience, and compliments the textbook without repeating. No slides, he just sits there on a table and talks to you like you're a group of adults. Great class if you're scared of public speaking, it made me love presentations.
1.5 : I did not enjoy this class at all. He is a very nice professor and very knowledgable, but he leaves all his lectures very opened ended. If you aren't good at taking notes, DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS. He doesn't use any power points.  Lot's of group work and "presentation exercises" each week. Pretty much all true/false midterm.
4.0 : This was a hard class and unfortunately it was a discussion class and the kids did not click. But Swain did her best to make it understandable. She is a smart woman. She's a tough grader and will challenge you. What a respectable woman though. Just be prepared to work! Many readings and watchings with posts every week and two papers.
4.0 : Production Management may be the hardest class you take as a film major. The group projects are long and tedious, especially for those who decided to major in film to have fun. Having said that, prof Swain makes the class fun and interesting. She definitely knows what she talks about and has experience in the fieed. Don't fall asleep in class.
5.0 : If there's any Biola film class that's worth your time and money its this one. Lisa is very experienced in production and is a fantastic source of information. Working in production today I am so grateful for this class and still use what I learned in it today. That being said prepare for lots of challenging work!
4.0 : Though I found this class incredibly boring and irrelevant, Ms. Swain is a lovely professor with a good attitude and sense of humor. She is super fun and entertaining. Class only once a week and a lot of online discussions, 2 big papers. Textbook not necessary at all, really nice if you make an effort
4.5 : Knows almost everything about everything. He has amazing analogies and examples, promotes discussion, and gives very interesting talking points. He delves into very deep, difficult topics but takes time to make sure you can follow. He keep historical and current context to give more to think about. I would recommend him for ethics as well
3.0 : Dr. Langer is an interesting person to talk to. He has a unique perspective. I learned a lot from his course, but it was very difficult. He was very willing to give feedback, but I didn't usually find it very helpful. The class sessions were very discussion based.
4.5 : Professor Jung is one of the sweetest professors I know. Even though the lectures are based on reading homework, she brings insight to the material so that we understand it better. Be prepared to write 2 page papers every week and read a lot.   You do get feedback on homework, but it is not always clear.
4.0 : A life changing class. She is very engaged with the students and has a passion to really teach the kids. She is very wise. The work load is a bit much,but it is worth it in the end. You will learn a lot. Just don't fall behind in class and follow syllabus outline for the SIM papers.
4.0 : Very passionate and caring professor.
1.5 : Jung is a very sweet woman, but not the best teacher. Infact, she doesn't really teach anything but what is written from a book you will read that she will go over in class. Attending class is useless, because she only goes over the reading in very abstract ways. She isn't very helpful and is very confusing. This is coming from a straight A student
4.5 : Professor Jung is an amazing woman. For her GE bible, it's early, but worth it. Papers are not hard because of clear grading criteria. Beware a bad TA. My papers were incorrectly marked because of his lack of thorough reading. She will address any questions you have. Helped my grow in my reading of the Bible tremendously. Would recommend!
3.0 : I love Prof Jung. She's very sweet &amp; funny, &amp; she knows her stuff well. I don't recommend taking her Bib Interp class though. She has papers due EVERY week, and reading due EVERY class. She uses TA's to grade homework and her TA's are terrible, really bad at grading, they leave bad or unhelpful critique's, or no critique but mark off points anyway
4.0 : TAKE JUNG. Everybody has to take this course, and I would HIGHLY suggest taking it from Jung. She is loving, caring, and so inspirational. Her class is a lot of work and challenging, but that's college for you. I took it MWF at 7:30AM and it was the best way to start out my day. She truly cares. I learned a lot about myself and God from her class.
4.5 : Her assignments were life-changing!
5.0 : I think Anderson has been the most influential professor of my college career. I took him for Drawing 1 and Figure Studies, and  he communicates so clearly not only how art helps you pay attention to and care about the world and people, but how art is way of practicing God's grace. Also, he helped me improve my drawing exponentially.
5.0 : Jon has been the most inspirational professor I have taken a class from. He is crazy smart and is so invested in his students. He is eager to learn, gives encouraging feedback and wants his students to succeed.
4.0 : Bishop is a great guy! He has a great sense of humor and likes to joke around from time to time. It's very easy to get a C or B in the class but you'll have to work very hard to get an A. He'll hand out quizzes to assigned reading of 60-80 pages or so and the quiz will only be on one question. Meaning you either pass it or fail it. Good class
5.0 : Bishop is such a kind and wonderful man and it shows in each lecture. Although his class is 3 hours, he makes it engaging and interesting. He has changed my mind to want more of Jesus each week. He has a 8-9 page term paper based on a verse of your choice, but he is very clear and helpful with it. I would recommend him to anyone taking bib interp!
4.0 : DO THE READING!!! All of the quizzes will be in some way pulled from here, and they can be rather specific so take your time. The bonus is that the final includes several of the quiz questions.
5.0 : Fantastic teacher.He makes you well prepared for the real world.He does throw curse words on the first day of class,so he is not the typical Biola prof you see on campus every day.
3.5 : Very informative and passionate about matters of the Church. Encourages discussion but is lecture-based. Meditations on Scripture could seem tedious but were so fruitful in understanding the Word and creating a habit of discipline. Only 2 meditation papers, the midterm, and final exam assigned.
4.5 : Theology of marriage and family.  Amazing professor.  I recommend him.  literally amazing.  God bless his soul.  I learned so much.
5.0 : Lister is absolutely amazing, I wish I could have taken Theology 2 with him but he was on Sabbatical. Best Bible class I had ever taken at Biola!!
5.0 : Lister is the most perfect professor I have ever had the pleasure of learning under at Biola. He is so clear and well spoken, and very knowledgeable. The homework is simple, his tests are reasonable, and he is always willing to talk to you. Obviously a man of God.
5.0 : Dr. Lister has really interesting lectures but sometimes can be somewhat dry. I took the class online. The reading is important because you need to write a discussion every other week and need to cite from it. The only difficult part, for myself, were the meditation papers
4.5 : What and amazing man of God! really takes an interest in His students. Don't be scared of him pop into his office hours he'll really listen to you and pray for you. Also his class blew my mind.
5.0 : Lister is a great professor! His knowledge and wisdom seem to be abounding, but more than that, he has an amazing ability to take all of his wisdom and knowledge and present it in a way that is understandable for students. Lister is truly one of the best professors I have had at Biola! Take Lister for Theo 2!!
5.0 : One of the best profs at Biola; took three classes from him. God and Revelation is his best class, although Family and Marriage is also excellent. Workload is totally doable -- mostly two papers, some quizzes, and participation. Nothing challenging. Incredibly intelligent but also fair -- he makes sure to represent every viewpoint during lectures.
4.0 : Lister is such an amazing human! I learned so  much from him
4.0 : His lectures are amazing! every other week you get about 3 hrs of lecture videos and have to  participate in group discussions (3 posts/week) on the material the following week. Make sure keep up with your reading or you'll be lost for the discussions. Seems like a lot of wk at first, but it gets easier. I'd definitely take Dr. Lister again!!!
4.0 : This is my second time taking a class with Dr. Lister. The reading he assigns is really interesting and I learn a lot from it, but I don't learn much more from his lectures. Dr. Lister is very nice and you can tell he cares about his students.
5.0 : He knows what he is talking about; he is concise and specific. Careful with your textual interpretations.
4.5 : The class he teaches is Weaponless self defense, I didn't mid the class but it was super repetitive as in I'm sleeping and I dream of the same moves. I thought itd be cool, and for the first 3 weeks it was, but then it just got borring as hell and I didnt want to go anymore. He also assigned 4 or 5 papers a book and  reading, especially for a PE.
3.0 : He is a hilarious professor, but maybe not the greatest. You read the textbook, but he doesn't really explain it. His classes are lecture-based with a ton of discussion. You won't gain much from his lectures but will learn more from the book. That being said, he's a fair grader, and if you ask questions, he knows the answers.
5.0 : Oh my goodness take Botka any chance you get!!! She is amazing!! She is hilarious, down to earth, and just the best. Not too many big assignments because of the field work. She is really passionate and will help you out in any way she can. I had a family emergency and couldn't turn in a paper, she let me turn it in a week late with no docking!
5.0 : Professor Botka is absolutely amazing! She truly cares about her students and really wants them to grow not only in their education but in their relationship with Christ. She started out every class with Jesus Calling and encourages us to draw nearer to God every chance we get. If you have the opportunity to take a class with Professor Botka do it!
3.0 : Teaches well and clearly. Helps you understand when you try and ask questions. Can be a bit unreasonable when you have conflicts outside of class and unlikely to make exceptions (no matter how deserved.) I took theory and music tech from him and learned a bunch in both classes. Great sense of humor. DONT NEED TEXTBOOK FOR THEORY, JUST WORKBOOK
3.5 : Dr. Denham is one of my favorite professors. Though 8am theory classes are a pain, he is such a wonderful guy who truly cares about his students. His homework is time-consuming, but he really helps you learn the material. He's also often available to help, so if you have questions he is more than happy to work with you.
4.0 : Dr. Denham is a great instructor.  He cares about his students and that they pass the class, and he offers tutoring outside of class time.  The subject matter is very difficult, but he does a good job getting the class through it.
5.0 : I absolutely love Dr. Harvey! He is so passionate about what he teaches. He really makes an effort to get to know his students and cares deeply about their success, especially if you are pursuing the medical field.
5.0 : Best professor in the biological science department.
4.5 : I had Lockett as my New Testament Prof. I LOVED his class. His passion and love for God and the Word, makes you as a student want to be engaged. No one hardly falls asleep in that class. Everyday I enjoyed his class. You cover Matt-Rev. He has 6 worksheets, and you only have to do 4 of them. He will stop what he is doing to answer your questions.
5.0 : I LOVE DR. LOCKETT! He is so genuine whenever you meet up with him. I'm a Bible major and I've taken classes with many different professors, but he's still my favorite ever since freshman year. He's funny and very very wise. I've taken three classes with him. You won't regret taking his class!
3.5 : You can tell he is really passionate, and unusually intelligent, even for a professor. As a visual learner his lectures were a little difficult because he tested on stuff that he only mentioned orally (i.e. not on the powerpoint, readings). Sometimes he got "preachy" and then had to rush over course material, which some people loved but I didn't
5.0 : Animated, insightful, fervent lectures. I kid you not, Dr. Lockett makes thousand year old NT History come alive.   Be aware that lecture content and the NT reading is stringently tested on. Additionally, he assings Tally-esque worksheets that are 40% of grade. Canvas shows that the high score never breaks 95% and averages are around 70%.
5.0 : Dr. Lockett's lectures are fantastic, they are really interesting. All you need is notes from the lecture so it's better not to skip class. His tests are mostly based on the lecture and several times he will stop and say "you'll need to know this for the test." The only thing is that he's a bit hard when grading the worksheets but it's not too bad.
4.5 : Dr. Lockett is by far  my favorite professor. His passion for the truth and dedication to teaching make learning a joy. People dock him for being "preachy" but his class changed my life. Take good notes, study them well, and you will do great and be changed forever! I tell my friends to hold out taking NT until they can take it from him--really.
4.0 : Lockett was one of my fave bible profs! Lecture style with notes posted online and study guides for exams. A few essays with clear grading criteria, and a handful of worksheets due throughout the semester. Easy class as long as you pay attention in class, take notes, and follow the study guide. Lectures were never boring to me.
4.0 : Incredibly tough grader. He is very picky about his essays will little grace to be given. He does have very good lectures though, which would be the only reason I would take the class again. His essay grading however is the exclusive reason that I will not take him again.
4.0 : Long, dry lectures at times. Smart and respected guy
4.0 : - Very wise and knowledgeable on his subject - respected - lectures can get dry
4.0 : I took her for Intro to Music Education and loved her, but there was so much work and at times she could be a little unclear as to what exactly the assignments call for and when they are due, but as long as you stay on top of things, you'll be okay. Great teacher who genuinely cares. Used the textbook once, honestly don't buy it and wast your money
5.0 : I chose music apprec for my fine arts GE. Came in having music background, piano and guitar, but still learned a lot. Prof Park teaches on different music topics but I especially liked when we got to learn about the composers and their lives. That  was interesting to me! Also enjoyed when she would relate classical music to modern music.
5.0 : I love this class!!! We sing, dance, play instruments...get prepared to teach music to children. The prof  does a good job of encouraging us even though we may not be the best music teachers ;)
5.0 : Taking Saturday workshop with her to learn how to teach music to children. Lots of fun! Very interactive. I get to be a kid again in this class!
5.0 : EAAY class. You get to construct how you want the class (most choose concert reports, prayer project, quizzes, reflections). Gives all the stuff you need to know for the quiz just memorize them. Lectures are really interesting and we listen to a lot of music too. Its an easy A, just do what she says, she gets the college life and makes it easy
3.5 : Dr. Park is awesome.  She is really a great professor.  The class is interesting, but dont expect it to be a total blow off class.  I wish I could take another class with Prof Park.  She is the best part of the course.  Sometimes the subject matter can be a bit tedious.
5.0 : Took music appreciation as an online course. Was my first one. Everyone has to participate so you really get to hear the opinions of your classmates. Prof's directions were very clear and we knew what was due what day and what time every single week. Topics were interesting. Covered mostly classical music.
5.0 : A lot of paperwork like applications for the education school but tries to make things as painless as possible.
5.0 : First year sem is already an easy class, but I was still glad to have such a great professor.  She really tried her hardest to make sure that we were prepared for our major and future career.
5.0 : Had her for measurement and evaluation. The class is kinda difficult but she is very nice and help. You just have to take the effort reach out and ask for help.
5.0 : I loved first year sem with Altamirano. She is extremely positive, exciting, and really prepares her students for what's ahead.
5.0 : I loved this professor, I had her for Measurement and Eval and her class is very challenging but she is the sweetest lady and she tires to help her students as much as she can. Her tests are very hard but you can make up some points from the Labs.
4.5 : Dr Russell loves the New testament, &amp; it shines through this class!  He teaches from one clear text book, with lots of reading through the New Testament.  His personal stories, enthusiasm, and views about church and leadership help the time to fly. He likes to give bookcharts, a paper and a final exam with 100 facts. Great class!!
5.0 : Best teacher I've ever had.
5.0 : A LOT of reading and a quiz every week,but he is great! I never enjoyed history or politics but this class helped me build my own opinion and stance in politics. There is a mid term and final and two papers. Beginning is a lot of dry reading about the beginning of Am. Gov. but it gets a lot better. The class definitely comes with work but he rocks!
4.5 : Dr. Pak is very supportive and deeply cares for her students. She is more than willing to discuss alternative view points and provides helpful, constructive feedback. She is a very gifted professor.
2.0 : Worst professor of the entire theological program.  He uses biased grading, encourages cheating by requiring students to state they've read texts he hasn't even approved yet, and grades based upon how much one agreed with an author - seriously!  I enjoyed all my other professors as Talbot, except for Prof. Rob Price.  Avoid his class.
5.0 : Rob Price is engaging, passionate &amp; enthusiastic.  The online class works well, with lectures to watch, discussions to join in by group conferences online and papers to be submitted.  There is a lot of reading, but the book responses are personal, not just a boring summary. Dr Price uses lots of original sources and creates interesting discussions.
4.0 : He is so funny. He cares more about the students and them understanding the concepts than grades. He's really passionate about this stuff and it's awesome.
5.0 : Fantastic professor! His lectures are interesting and funny. Beware, though the reading is on the "honors" system you will take quizzes every week. These quizzes are not hard (if you do the reading)  and they are also how he takes attendance. Also, if you leave for the second half of the lecture you could miss out on an extra credit opportunity.
5.0 : Prof Volkmer is a very intelligent and passionate guy. His lectures are really good, very solid points (even though they might seem repetitive). The lectures are long and it is in Calvary so it was hard to pay attention sometimes. if you read the assigned readings you'll be fine. Do not wait till the last minute to read
3.0 : Wonderful guy, but you'd probably be better off finding another professor if you want to do an in-depth study of the Old Testament. Professor Volkmer tends to linger on Genesis and Exodus. If you do the readings as assigned, you're all set. He's open to meeting outside of class time, so I'd encourage you to take advantage of that.
5.0 : Professor Volkmer is one of my favorite professors that Ive had so far at my time here at Biola. If I could, I would love to have him teach ALL my Bible classes. His class is VERY EASY to pass if you do all the Bible readings &amp; if you are at the lectures like youre supposed to be. He only gives 2 exams: 1) nuts and bolts (basic stuff) &amp; 2) Final.
5.0 : This is review #2. Professor Volkmer is a real GEM! Aside from the quizzes &amp; reading,his class is only graded on a few other things: 2 papers &amp; 2 exams. Super easy class if the student dedicated time. Anyone who claims that he is hard, obviously did not put the effort into the course. I look forward to taking his BBST 360 class in spring 2019! :)
5.0 : Professor is an amazing guy who respected every students in the classrooms, could be scary for standing in the public to present but he is so encouraging. I learnt tons from his lectures not only mentioned the skills of public speaking but also biblical meaning  of the public speaking.
5.0 : He's an amazing professor and person in general. Caring, inspirational, and extremely knowledgeable. He not only makes it a great environment to speak in front of a class, which is tough for a lot of people, but his lectures bring to life many more important things outside of public speaking. Quiz weekly and a speech every other week. Take him!!
4.5 : This professor LOVES Jesus.
5.0 : Professor Mosqueda has been my favorite professor here at Biola University hands down. He is such a wise man of God and really cares for his students in the most genuine way. He only does weekly quizzes but gives the exact answers on the quiz beforehand. He is also an easy grader on speeches as long as you try your best and show improvement.
5.0 : Used to have a fear of speaking in front of the class and now I can do it no problem (literally went from having a panic attack before a 3 min. scripted speech to being able to do a 10 minute impromptu speech). He has a simple structured class of lectures and quizzes on them, as well as 5 speeches. Great man who loves his student and God
5.0 : Professor Mosqueda was one of my favorites! He challenges you with providing exceptional feedback that is never demeaning, only encouraging. I arrived in this class being terrified of speaking in front of others. By the time the course was finished I had the tools to be organized and more confident.
5.0 : Prof. Mosqueda has been one of my favorites. Not only does he have a sincere and gentle heart, but his class is SO easy. There is a quiz every week, but he gives you a list of exactly what will be on it. I love that he connects public speaking to our faith and that he cares so much about his students. I definitely got better at giving speeches!
4.5 : Mosqueda is seriously so great. He does a fantastic job at making public speaking easy. The classes are mostly comprised of student speeches with a bit of his lecturing thrown in when needed. It's an easy class, and he's definitely worth taking. A lot of quiz material comes from the book, so it definitely helps to read it.
5.0 : Dr. Mosqueda was one of my favorite professors I have ever had! Weekly quizzes that are very easy, he tells you exactly what you need to study. 5 speeches throughout the semester that he grades very easy on. Extremely interesting and inspiring lectures. Definitely would take again!
5.0 : He is am amazing professor. Very kind and caring toward students. Understands that very little people are afraid of public speaking, so he makes his class a very safe zone and make public speaking not scary at all. Weekly quizzes which he prepares you for beforehand. 5 speeches in total. Loves sharing bible passages and taking time to pray for us.
5.0 : SO SWEET!!! He comes up with a nickname for every student and genuinely cares about each of us. Public speaking can be scary but he makes you feel so comfortable and at ease. I would really recommend taking him. Applies everything to our faith in an effortless, genuine way that really makes an impact. The best.
5.0 : Professor M is such a man of God. The first day of class he gave us all nicknames to remind us we would be speaking before our "family" and not in front of people who would judge us. There is no final, but there are around 10 quizzes and 4-5 speeches that make up your grade. Easy A. His spiritual integration is great and inspiring.
2.5 : lots of quizzes. his power points were confusing and not well organized.
4.5 : He has vey beautiful eyes and soft hair.  He nearly brought me to tears with his amazing speeches.  Also very adorable and hilarious.  Incredibly cute and goofy and nice to everyone.  However he will call you out if you leave during class. "You have to sit 2 seats apart during the test. I like you, I just don't trust you." -Volkmer
3.0 : Good Class! I love it! He can get a little boring... but I find him to be hilarious! Good Class!
4.5 : Great prof with interesting and amusing lectures, despite having a 4 hour class. Very genuine and helpful.
5.0 : Fun, easy and helpful. Take him for OT
5.0 : I love Volkmer. Please take him if you get the chance! So much knowledge in this man. Always makes his lectures interesting and is an interesting person himself. If you want to, you really can learn a great deal from Volkmer. Classes are optional and grades are easy, but so much food for thought every class period
4.5 : He's a great professor who loves the Old Testament. He goes through study guides with the class. As long as you show up for class you will easily pass.
5.0 : His possesses one of the most comprehensive understandings of the Pentateuch I have ever seen. There are not many grades in the class, so be sure to buckle down on the few that he does give you. He almost exclusively teaches in lectures, but they are so rich and easy to hear. My understanding was truly expanded in this class.
5.0 : Volkmer is great, no complaints at all
4.0 : It's not hard to get an A in this class, but you do have to work for it. There's A LOT of reading (you basically read the whole Old Testament in a semester), and there's a quiz each week. Your entire grade is based on these weekly quizzes, 2 papers, and the final. His lectures are really interesting though, so just pay attention and you'll do well.
4.0 : Volkmer tends to be a tough grader, but his lectures are very informative.
1.0 : Unclear grading criteria, unapproachable, sarcastic, un-inspiring. Take another professor!
1.0 : Avoid taking this teacher. Lectures only, read the books on your own - then take tests, unclear grading criteria, and tough grader. Very uninspiring!
5.0 : great professor- not only for his material knowledge but also for his care. Very approachable and understanding. However, his style of teaching &amp; grading isn't typical by "American" standards. He follows an Oxfard style to his exams/ lectures. It requires a lot of independent work &amp; he will not tell you how to think- get ready to think on your own!
5.0 : read and attend class, he is very chill and funny
5.0 : Such a treat to learn from. Every class was thought provoking and caused me to see the Old Testament from a different, yet accurate, perspective. He took ample time to pray for individuals at the beginning of every class and he followed-up with us and made himself available to meet one on one. And the assigned readings will ignite your faith!
5.0 : Volkmer is the best professor. He is passionate about the Old Testament and it shows through his teaching. His class was easy but I learned a lot. I love him, he's great! I definitely recommend him and this class- you won't regret it.
4.0 : Prof. Volkmer is great. His lectures are very deep and detailed, even though at times his slides could get disorganized. There is a quiz every week, but the quizzes are easy as long as you do the readings. However, he spends most of his time covering Genesis and rushing through everything else.
3.0 : His lecture is heavy and long since I am taking a three hour class, but his lecture inspires me every time I go to class. However, I would not recommend him. I love his lecture, but not in person. He often gets unapproachable and sarcastic when he is not in a good mood.
4.0 : Volkmer is caring and candid, takes good time to pray before class. I appreciated that he touched on real, current issues in our world that related to OT and didn't give a "fluffy" explanation, but a REAL/RATIONAL one. Do the reading, and listen to his detailed lectures and you will pass. Never thought I would love OT Hist. but he made an impact.
5.0 : Volkmer is an amazing professor, I enjoyed and was engaged with his lectures throughout the semester. Be warned, if you do not do the Bible reading you will be unable to pass his quizzes.
5.0 : I followed your teaching at Biola on Youtube.  Awesome work bro,
4.5 : Love this professor and this class! He is very humble, funny, patient, and passionate. He emphasizes spiritual disciplines like I’ve never seen them before, and encourages questions and discussion about Biblical passages. Assignments are all papers and require commentaries to help you dig deeper into the text. He makes everything very manageable.
4.0 : He is pretty simple, super easy. Do you work and show up and you will get an A.
4.0 : He's the easiest professor you will ever have. Show up and act like you care and you'll get an A. He's an awesome guy and all his classes are the same.
2.5 : His classes are very philosophical.  You learn a lot, but you have to really think about it.  The quizzes are open notes, but there are sometimes tricky questions.  There are only 3 tests (exams) they are really hard.  The academic essay he grades tough for a bible class.  Overall great professor who truly cares about his students.
5.0 : Very gifted man. He cares so much about his students! Fairly easy class. The quiz and tests are not hard at all! Except for the academic essays, he grades those super tough but other than that, you come out of that class with a lot of knowledge.
3.0 : Really engaging in his lectures. His assignments aren't plentiful, but he is a tough grader. Great dude.
5.0 : He is awesome.. nuff said
2.0 : I can't believe this prof has such good ratings, so maybe the online class is vastly worse than his on-campus class. It was the most busywork I've ever had to do (15hrs+wk). Seems like he piled on the work just because it was online. He wants you to be on every discussion board 247 for 3 days. I felt like he didn't realize we had other classes.
5.0 : I learned so much about my faith in this class. He is an incredible person with so much knowledge. The readings are also amazing!
5.0 : It's a lot of work, but it is so worth it. Oakes is an amazing professor. He cares about his students, his lectures are amazing, and there is a lot of homework but it is really worth it. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Pretty easy tests and a lot of great insight. Technically non-mandatory attendance, but the lectures are so good that it's worth it. And lecture material is on tests. Gave me Pikachu instead of Charmander. 1010 would take again.
5.0 : Jason Oakes is by far the best teacher I have had since I came to Biola. He is smart, funny, interesting and pretty easy, and the class setup is superb. The notes taken in class are very straightforward and the tests are simple. The only difficult part is the first two papers, because you have to say a lot in a short amount of words. TAKE HIS CLASS
5.0 : Very clear on what He wants, he even gives example essays to help you. Just go to class, do the homework, and review a little bit for tests; you'll learn a lot and get an A
4.5 : Professor Oakes is humble, and his heart for God is evident. He is clear and concise, and he really wants his students to succeed. Reading can be much sometimes,but you can't do it in one sitting.  His papers are easy. His short response tests are easy as long as you understand the concepts. I learned so much ,and I would definitely recommend him.
5.0 : Oakes is a great man. He cares about his students and pushes you to do your best. I did Bible Bridge and had Foundations with him. Lectures are clear, he gets right to the point, and is good at giving prompt feedback. His papers are tough, but the class is wonderful! Highly recommend!
5.0 : Professor Oakes made this class amazing. I still go and visit his current Foundations class so that I can see his lectures in person. He really cares about his students and presents information clearly. There is a lot of reading but all of it is valuable and he is a tough grader but you will learn.
5.0 : He is a great professor. Make sure that you do not lag on turning in stuff.
5.0 : Took his online foundations class and could not recommend him more! This class answered a lot of the questions I had about Christianity and solidified my faith.  I learned so much through his lectures--really easy to understand as well as entertaining!  Definitely got more out of the class than I thought I was.
5.0 : great prof
4.5 : I took this class for science credit. I'm so glad I took it with him. It's very easy to tell that he loves his line of work, even though he knows that not everyone feels the same way. He's super nice, very easy to work with and the field trip is super awesome. If you show up you'll get an A. He gives you guided notes and a study guide for tests.
3.0 : She gives great feedback on essays and how you could improve them. If you don't like your grade you can talk with her and almost always get a redo. This class is not easy but if you follow the instructions and do the work you can get an A.
5.0 : More than willing to work with you to help on anything you need, but makes sure you learn to recognize what you need to change and how.
4.5 : (I took American Modernism) Literature is not a topic I enjoy at all, but Shelley made this class very interesting and I have gained so much knowledge and confidence in analyzing literature. You do read a handful of books, but course work never becomes overwhelming. The final is just an in class essay. Overall, great class, super sweet professor!
5.0 : A genuinely caring professor!! Challenging because she knows you can take it. It's worth your time. Office hours with her are incredibly helpful and a great chance for her to be clear with what she expects. Garcia will push and grow you and cause you to feel, even if you never do your reading. Best way to fill your lit requirement.
5.0 : Professor Garcia really cares about your success as a writer and her class is always interesting and makes you want to write
4.0 : She's clear about what she expects and spends time in class help you get to that point. She  walks you through each portion on an assignment and helps to improve your skills. Overall, she's so sweet and caring. She does her best to help you succeed!
5.0 : Tibbles may or may not be my favorite human being. He constantly shows interest in your life, remembers your name, and is one othe nicest guys you'll ever meet. Also, he's super fun.
5.0 : Beautiful woman of God! She genuinely cares for students and continuously shows that she wants her student to learn and understand. She gives clear-well formatted lectures. Workloads are easy and reasonable, I could not ask for more or less. Her corporation of historical context and life-related topics makes her class interesting and inspirational.
4.5 : Prof Lim is pretty good. I was really bummed that I had to take US history, but she made it a bearable experience. She cares a lot about students, she's fairly interesting, and she cancels class a few times . The work is pretty light, though you do need to make sure to do it all. She's also super  attractive--kind of a bummer that she's married.
5.0 : By far my favorite professor at Biola! So sweet and caring, with a real passion for history. Makes class enjoyable for those who are only taking this class because they have too. Would highly recommend. Little- no homework or reading.
5.0 : Prof Hanger was my favorite prof my 1st semester of college. I walked away knowing how to interpret the Bible so much better because of the SIM papers we had to write each week -she graded them tough but there was clear criteria and it was really easy to follow you just need to work hard. 3 hour lectures were barely ever boring. Great person!
5.0 : Amazing teacher. may not be the easiest but you will learn a lot.
2.5 : A lot of papers were due in this class. Definitely do not take this class as a once a week three hour class. Lectures were pretty dull. If you read before class, it's all repeated information.  I felt like the professor graded things pretty randomly without a thorough rubric. I did pretty well in the class, but I had to work for it.
5.0 : Professor Hanger not only cares for your learning, but she cares about the transformation of your soul. This has been my most favorite class in my whole freshman year of college because of the practical wisdom taught in it and the common sense way of interpreting the different genres within Scripture. She gives the best feedback on your papers.
3.5 : She teaches well. For some reason I knew she wasn't the best at teaching enthusiastically but I respected her so much. I got a good grade in her class because I loved her heart for what she loved! She's very helpful on comments and if you do well, every MGR paper you'll get a 10. :)
4.0 : Hanger is a good professor. She is a really sweet lady and is very caring. I learned a lot about interpreting the Bible in her class that just felt like work at the time but I now realize will continue to be helpful to me in the years to come. Her class isn't a breeze (SIM papers!) but it's not horribly difficult either.
5.0 : Professor Hanger was an amazing professor. She was so helpful and so encouraging during the class. Definitely take her classes!
4.5 : Hanger is great! She is a really sweet lady and although she's an adjunct she should be full time in my opinion. She is super knowledgable and caring. She will go out of her way to meet with a student and answers emails very promptly. She made her class really interesting and engaging. I wish she got more prestige like the other Bible professors.
5.0 : Had her twice, loved her both times. She is more than willing to work with you and help in any way
4.5 : I absolutely love her! She had coffee with me when I had a Bible question that didn't even pertain to the class. She also responded quickly to my e-mails and questions. She was very encouraging and I found her class extremely encouraging for my faith. I can't say enough good things about her. Beware: Her TA is a tough grader!!!
5.0 : Professor Hanger is so sweet and loves what she teaches. There are tons of papers to write, but there is in any Biblical Interpretation and Spiritual Formation class. She gives great feedback, and the final is memorizing Colossians 3:1-17 (which is also the midterm). Actually do the reading- otherwise how are you to grow in God's wisdom?
5.0 : Probably the best teacher I've ever had. Explains deep, complex concepts with clear, easy-to-understand explanations. Five-star teacher, easily.
3.5 : He is a really nice teacher who wants to help, and there is not a large amount of work required, but it is a very hard class. Take notes constantly, and memorize them for exams, because you will get a better grade the more you regurgitate information for midterm and final essays. Coolest teacher ever, but VERY difficult.
5.0 : I have been a college student for 7 years now, and he is truly the best teacher I have ever had in my life. Also, I have never rated any professor before, so this speaks for itself. Take him and stick with him. You will not regret it.
5.0 : Henderson is so amazing! He cares about his students and he wants the best for them and also he sings in class which is always really funny.
5.0 : Love every single class! Great teacher!! His materials are clear. Easy to take notes. Wonderful books for the class. Good teacher to take if you don't hold ReformedCalvinist view because you'll learn the truth and become the REAL Christian. And of course, if you are  ReformedCalvinist, take the class!!!
4.0 : Good textbooks. Tests aren't hard if you study well.
4.0 : Good solid professor. Do the readings and take some time to study the lectures and you will be fine. A
3.0 : Don't use any technology in class.
5.0 : Anizor is a great prof. Took Theo 2 with him and learned a lot. Decient amount of work for the class. Study for the tests and you will be fine. Try and take him if you can!
5.0 : This was my favorite class!!! There is SO much good information to gain from each lecture, I learned more from this class than most others. It's easy to pay attention, and the work isn't hard. The required texts are amazing, I actually wanted to read them. I always looked forward to this class! Take Anizor if you can!
4.0 : Good Prof for OT survey.
5.0 : Life changing class!!! How can a perfect professor like her could even exist? She is a young woman but contains beautiful insights from her own story. I hate English class b/c I have traumas with past classes as an int. student, but she taught me the true beauty of reading and writing. She will be a tough grader if you don't put effort in writing.
5.0 : She was very helpful in everything.  I learned so much and she always gives you plenty of time to work on essays in class.  She is more than happy to help out when you're struggling.  Plus she's adorably sweet.  Super excited to have her again this semester.
4.0 : I took Professor Jackson two semesters for Engl112 and 113 and i loved her. She made class so much fun while still relevant. She doesn't grade too hard so long as you can figure out what she wants which was very easy to do and she genuinely cares about her students. I continue to recommend her to anyone asking me who they should take.
4.0 : I love Professor Jackson and her laugh made her class that much better. However for a GE ENG112 class, its ridiculously hard. She grades papers extremely tough. My Upper 400 class wasn't even as hard as her class. I had a D the whole semester and barely passed with like a 71%. But, she was very inspirational and I did become a much better writer.
4.0 : I really enjoyed her class. I enjoy writing a lot more now that I've taken her class. She really loves what she teachers and so she is really there to help you improve
5.0 : Everyone I know loves her; she is super sweet, funny, and just all around adorable.  She is also the best English teacher I have had. My writing has greatly improved due to all of her lectures and in-class workshops. She is patient, helpful, and gives great feedback. She does expect you to show up to class with your homework complete.
4.0 : All of the assignments are split up so as long as you don't fall behind in your reading and stay on top of your homework, you'll be good.  She is a tough grader, and pretty picky, but she is always willing to help.  She makes class a lot of fun. Hands down the best English teacher I've had! It's not an easy A, but it's worth it.
5.0 : He has a genuine interest and enthusiasm for God, physics, and connectingkeeping in touch with students. He will create lectures that fit the interests and questions of the class. He is very helpful with homeworkunderstanding concepts, and is willing to spend entire classes on clarifying rather than just moving on with the next lesson.
5.0 : Best teacher ever!!!!
5.0 : the BEST! :)
4.5 : His jokes are hilarious, he cares about your life, his class prayers are genuine (although some may argue, long), and he loves what he teaches. The subject material is hard and requires a lot of time and practice to really understand. His tests may sometimes be tougher than expected but he sometimes eventually curves the grades.
5.0 : This man is the kindest man I have ever met! He loves what he teaches and cares about all of his students! If you ever have a chance, take Dr. Silzel! Hands down, best professor in the science department!
3.0 : Dr. Silzel is one of the most loving people I have ever known, and cares about his students personally! Difficult exams and long homework, but he provides study guides and will spend his time outside of class to work with you one on one. He doesn't use Canvas or post deadlines, so make sure to pay attention to dates. Short quizzes weekly.
3.5 : Dr. Silzel is an awesome dude, always making jokes and has so much life experience. When it comes to tests, when he says something won't be on it, study it anyway. The tests are not based on the HW, but on the book. His lectures are good, but a little all over the place. Overall he is super smart and respects the students, but not the best teacher.
4.5 : SO AMAZING. He's so helpful and doesn't mind spending a whole class period going over hard homework problems. He assigns a lot, but he'll make sure you understand them. Also, it pays to pays to participate. He loves students who are willing to participate in experiments. He also teaches on what the students want to learn, which is great.
5.0 : I had Harman for Foundations of Marketing Projects. He really cares about his students. His class was really hard, but he is so passionate about helping us learn and be better people, not just better marketers. The project is difficult but rewarding in the end. I got 487/490 on the project because Harman poured time, energy and prayer into me.
5.0 : Harman is the best professor I've had.  Yes, this class is a LOT of work. However, Harman is so supportive and encouraging and he genuinely cares about his students.  Participate in class, meet with him outside of class, put in the effort and this class will change your life. I can't recommend it enough.
4.5 : Students define this class by the project. However homework and quizzes define your grade too. There is no room for slacking in this class if you want an A. The project was not difficult if you understand his instructions and out in the time into it. It is rewarding.
1.5 : Ridiculous teacher. His expectations in assignments, tests, etc. are extremely unclear, his grading is very harsh and is among the most petty and nitpicking teachers imagineable. Do NOT take Harman.
4.5 : Tough class, but worth it
3.5 : I really hate writing, but this class was fine. Prof. Danger was pretty clear on what she wanted. You need to do the homework and put time into the assignments and essays and show up. I did well, even though she's a tough grader. If you aren't doing well, you probably are doing something poorly, and should ask for help. She's very helpful.
4.0 : Danger was awesome. She's a little tough when it comes to grading, but for me, I really appreciated her feedback. It was one of the few english classes that I actually learned from and grew in writing. The book is required and you do short one page things from it, but they're super easy. overall, great class, would definitely recommend
5.0 : Awesome professor, engaging, fun, spends time going over the reading (which isn't that much) which helps flush out complicated ideas in any of the books. This class ACTUALLY improved my writing skills where as others have not. I was able to see my progress through the 4 essays you have to write. Extra credit for using writing center, DO IT! One of my fav professors. Take her class
4.0 : If you don't take Nature of Computing with Rachael as one of your GEs you are crazy. There's usually a weekly assignment that can be time consuming, but this class was the easiest one I've ever taken and would recommend it to anyone. She is very down to earth and a great teacher.
4.0 : For a two-credit course, this class has cost me so much more valuable time than I could have imagined. The assignments were easy and Professor Murphy is kind and helpful, but I really resent the amount of busy-work required in this course. I feel like I could have learned more if I was spending less time on monotonous and long assignments.
3.5 : For a 2-unit GE on basic computer stuff that met once a week, we sure had a ton of work. Mostly useless assignments. Lots of writing papers and blogs; they weren't hard, but were very time consuming. I had more work in this class than I did in my major classes! Most of the info we already knew; could've googled the rest. Just work for work's sake.
5.0 : Rachael is great! I really enjoyed her nerdy jokes and references. Archery is very chill.
3.5 : I took business stats for my math course for fun. (I'm not in business at all) He is really funny and interesting! He explains things well and answers all of your questions. You do have homework after every class which is graded harshly, but the tests are graded easily! He is willing to help. End group project fairly easy!
5.0 : He really cares about his students and will answer your questions really fast if you text or email him. He loves math and you can tell by the way he teaches. He makes things really easy to understand and tests are not harder than the homework. if you study you should get an A.
5.0 : The most influential professor I've ever had. One of the funniest and most caring guys as well. Grades tough on papers, but gives a clear understanding of what he requires. Lots of work but worth it because of how great of a person he is.
3.0 : Class was pretty easy, save for the incessant 'journal' assignments which got irritating after a while. He's a laid back guy, likes to talk about this and that.
4.0 : Professor Wegter was the most influential teacher I have ever had. He takes genuine interest in his students, and makes class a fun environment to learn in. He is a tough grader, but is always willing to help his students to get the grade they deserve. Would 100% recommend taking any of his classes.
4.5 : Great professor! (:  I miss being in his class!
3.5 : This professor is by far my favorite professor at Biola! He is a tough grader on papers, but you will learn so much. He rarely gives any homework and makes the class so enjoyable. His humor is unreal, I have never laughed so hard in a class before. He is young, hip and knows how to engage with the students to make class fun. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5.0 : Incredible professor! I've never had an interest in writing and he really helped inspire me to write well. He's hilarious and has a great personality.
4.0 : Prof Wegter is so caring. As long as it shows you are trying he will give you a good grade. He allows you to rewrite your essay if you did not get a good grade. The books he chose for us to read was a good selection and really enjoyable. We had to do journals which was a waste of time but helps your grade. Lastly the essays were fun to write
4.0 : He's pretty funny. But his grading or essays are pretty tough at times.
4.5 : Really brilliant guy--his intelligence and insight is almost intimidating.  Probably will be one of the chilllest and smartest people you ever meet.  English has always been difficult for me so I struggled a little.  I would personally say you need to work hard for an A.  Learned a lot about writing and definitely believe I have improved.
4.0 : Great!
4.0 : The best professor!
4.0 : Go Uncle Lloyd! If you have any doubts about whether or not you should take General Linguistics, I'd say don't take it so much for the class itself but for the awesome professor that is Uncle Lloyd. How does one describe Uncle Lloyd? You can't really, unless you meet him. There was hardly a dull day in his class, that's for sure!
5.0 : He's so engaging and clarifies how language is an important part of culture. He teaches well on how language and especially speaking works and really knows his stuff, but you have to invest yourself to get the most out of the class, since homework minimally isn't too challenging. He's readily available outside class and cares very much about people
5.0 : He is one of the nicest and godliest men I've ever met. The classes feel more like hanging out with an old friend. There is little homework and little reading, but you will still learn a ton just from spending time with him.
4.0 : Take the Thursday 3 hour class!! I know it sounds horrible but it was honestly fun and you really connect to the other students. As long as you turn in an outline for your speech and are close to the time limit, you can get an A on any speech. Plus the quizzes are open book!
5.0 : Truly genuine man of God. Always connects lesson with passages in scripture. Passionate about what he does. Pretty easy grader. Not a hard class.
4.5 : For reading, you should at least skim read or familiarize yourself with the book because there are online reading quizzes. Professor Milosch is very passionate about speaking, he is a coach for the speech and debate team. But he is very encouraging and understanding that public speaking is nerve wracking for lots of people.
5.0 : I took Milosch for Comm 100 and since that point have debated retaking the class just to take him again. I loved speeches to start with and his class really motivated me to love them even more. He gives great feedback and is a very easy grader. If you try at all, you'll get a great grade. Reading quizzes were very difficult but otherwise a breeze.
4.5 : Probably one of my favorite classes.  I thought he made the subject matter very interesting.  Tests are strictly based on lectures.
3.5 : Your grade in his class is based upon about 4 exams. Study hard.
4.5 : I know Shepherd changed up the class since I last took it, but I thought it was phenomenal. The lectures were mostly interesting, and the amount of assignments were reasonable. The prof is a great. The class is clear. You need to study for the tests. If you don't study, don't expect a good grade.
5.0 : Really interesting insights. Great interactive lectures using PollEv. Hilarious and quirky. Long live the King of Narnia.
4.5 : Lectures are quite interesting. Tests are based on his lectures and some reading. He also give you quizzes in class on PollEverywhere as participation, but quizzes aren't too difficult.
2.0 : Extremely nice guy, but not a good professor. The lectures have NO direction and are basically all over the place; he cracks more jokes than he gives actual insight about the Bible. Would love to hang out with this guy, but wouldn't recommend taking his class at all.
4.0 : I love Shepard! Very quirky and adorable. He is really passionate about the NT! I would take a class with him again for sure. His lectures are very straight forward and the reading isn't hard (though it can build up if you don't stay on top of it). I thought the tests were pretty easy! Loved NT with Shepard.
5.0 : Class was very enjoyable. Content exams were exactly what the study guide had and lecture exams were easy as long as you took good notes. No reading tests, but still have to read. One big paper is very straightforward. Shepard's humor helped keep the class fun.  Overall, great professor and great class
5.0 : Shepard is such a great, funny, caring professor! His class was enjoyable but beware of lecture quizzes! You really do NEED to study for those! Otherwise, everything else in the class is super easy to get an A on! (Textbook not really necessary, it's is never used for assignments! Only Pontius Pilate is!)
4.5 : Lectures by a different professor. A lot of work for three weeks. Would take online.
4.5 : I took New Testament over the summer and it was a fairly easy class. Quizzes and tests are usually word for word from the textbooks. He and his TAs grade pretty hard on the discussion questions. Make sure you go above and beyond what the prompt is asking. Overall, easy A if you put the time in.
5.0 : He's super cool, and I genuinely think he's hilarious in his own quirky way. The class is not so hard; you just read and listen to lecture every day then take the occasional quiz and test. His lectures are great - informative, have cheesy pictures, and I learned a lot. He's super helpful too!
3.0 : I love Shepard as a person but not as a professor. The reading isn't too hard if you have the time for it but if you miss a small piece of the lecture you might not understand anything from that day. You can't miss a class at all because the slides online don't give any information.
4.0 : Make sure you take good notes for the lectures, because his Lecture Exams are pretty difficult--but straight-forward if you study well. The grade you get in his class will be proportional to the amount of work you put into it, and he tries to make it a positive experience for students.
4.0 : Prof. Shepard is a fantastic lecturer, especially for one of the biggest classes at BIOLA. He knows how to keep you interested in the topic that he is talking about, and is caring enough for you to get something out of his class. He assigns a lot of reading, but you can easily handle it as long as you start early.
4.0 : He has been one of my favorite professors. As long as you take notes in class, you'll do great. His lectures are good and he's such a nice guy, you want to listen to him! I highly recommend!
5.0 : Shephard is super dooper hot, holy cow. Found that out the first day I sat in the front of class.  Also quite funny and fun.  I found the information super interesting, 2 small papers and 5 tests.  Not terrible but not easy A. If you don't go to class you will have no idea what the tests are about.  I would recommend this class from him for sure!
4.0 : He is a good professor, his classes are usually large but he commands the room and engages students well. His tests are hilarious! He is always putting "joke" questions which I find eases the stress :D
5.0 : Prof. Shepard is a great person and professor. I would suggest that you do go to every lecture; his powerpoints are not in depth because he elaborates on them in class. Take good notes in class, do the Berding reading, and TURN IN YOUR PONTIUS PILATE PAPER ON THE DAY OR BEFORE ITS DUE. You'll do great and learn a lot if you do those things.
4.0 : Dr. Kim is the best teacher in the department! Yes, she lectures FAST and will say "Don't worry, it's all on canvas" 300 times during lectures.. So no matter what class you take, there is a lot of content but she is AMAZING. She listens and cares about students. If she realizes her class is overwhelming, she changes it so that everyone survives.
4.5 : Dr. Kim is not only an amazing person but an incredible teacher! Yes, her classes are harder than most but she structures her class in a way that helps you to process and really learn the material. There are a lot of real world scenarios and you get to build skills that you will most definitely be using in your future career. Take her classes!!
5.0 : This was the most practical PR course I took at Biola. Dr. Kim does an excellent job of connecting the textbook material with real world examples. She is encouraging and always readily available to help you understand concepts better, but she does expect everyone to pull their own weight. She enables you to learn more than you ever expected.
4.5 : Like all her classes, Dr. Kim does an excellent job at helping her students apply what they learned in real life scenarios. The digital strategy portion (Google Analytics) was a lot of material to grasp, but she's very thorough and won't ever leave us hanging. If you have the choice, choose Dr. Kim for all your courses. She really is the best.
5.0 : Professor Kim is AMAZING! She is completely inspirational. She always responded to all of my emails super quickly. You have to stay on top of your work in her class but she's pretty understanding. She explains anything you have questions on and shes the reason I stayed a PR major. TAKE AS MANY CLASSES WITH HER AS YOU CAN. SERIOUSLY.
4.0 : Amazing Professor.  He truly cares about his students and offers really good feedback on paper.  I am so blessed to have him as a professor.
5.0 : Professor Mauzey is such a blessing. He is the most laid back person I have ever met. Everything assignment he gives is pretty straightforward. He grades fairly! TAKE THIS CLASS!!
5.0 : Best English teacher I've ever had!
5.0 : He is one of the sweetest and most caring professors at Biola. He really cares about his students. He gives great feedback and does everything he can to help you with assignments. His assignments are fair, and there's few of them. Over-all he is a great professor, i dont see why anyone would give him a bad review.
4.0 : Mauzey's an awesome guy, and he definitely understands what he's teaching and wants students actively learning. For his paper, or "Inquiry's" he gives you a step by step process for writing your paper, with each step basically being a participation credit. This could be helpful or annoying depending on your writing style
5.0 : Prof. Mauzey is well organized and very encouraging. All assignments have purpose and prepares us for the larger projects he assigns. I have learned a great deal about academic writing and have undoubtedly grown as a writer.
5.0 : He is very helpful and understanding, if you don't understand a specific assignment, he is always available to help you find sources or define the assignment more in detail. Do expect to write essays, but they aren't hard at all. After taking his class, you will learn to be a better writer. If possible, I would definitely take his class again.
5.0 : I love Prof. Mauzey! He gives a ton of extra credit and his lectures are usually only 20 minutes long (if he even gives them). Class is fun, and you can miss 3 class periods without losing credit. He will extend deadlines if you need it, and he's always open to new ideas from students.
5.0 : Great experience!
5.0 : One of the hardest but most rewarding classes I've been a part of. You will work for it . Positive learning environment, well organized, and thought provoking.
5.0 : He's really nice and passionate about English. He wants to help you improve in a broad range of English too, although through many papers throughout the semester. He's interesting and worth taking if you want to learn, and very reasonable about assignments and class (ie willing to discuss difficulties you're having in any area and work with you.)
5.0 : Prof. Mauzey is patient and teaches well. He takes the time to help his students improve as critical writers and thinkers. It's tough, but I would definitely take this class over again.
5.0 : Mauzey is such a gem. By far the best English teacher I've ever had!He's not you'r typical biased english prof and wants all his students to do well. There's not an overload of work either. Just put some thought into your papers and you'll do great.
5.0 : Andrew Mauzey is such an admirable human being. He has such a good heart for his students. I took him for both ENG 112 and ENG 113 and it was the easiest decision I've ever made. He's a very fair grader, so you really get what you put into it. As long as you do all the assignments with fair effort, you can probably expect an A. Mauzey for the win.
5.0 : Best professor, so sweet, helpful and understanding.
4.5 : Andrew Mauzey is an intelligent young professor and appreciates feedback from his students. He engages with the class very well and is very understanding. He really is there for you if you need anything. If you're feeling stressed and just need to vent, he is more than happy to take the time to talk with you. Cares tremendously for his students.
2.0 : He's a great guy, but his assignments are tough. There's work due every week. You never get a break from writing papers, and there is a lot of reading as well.  His prompts are not very helpful either. Be prepared for long papers, and presentations!
5.0 : Assignments and prompts are very clear and there is always opportunity to ask for more help and clarity. Although challenging, this was a great experience!
5.0 : He is the greatest professor! He really cares about his students. His class is easy but you learn A LOT- the greatest combination. You will not regret it.  *Also for ENG 110*
5.0 : Professor Mauzey really opened up my mind to film and literature. I cannot watch a movie without analyzing its cinematic techniques: camera angles, sound, etc. I really loved taking this class.
5.0 : Organized, prepared, thorough in teaching each lesson. Dr. Khalil teaches the course in a holistic manner, in that, students engage with the culture outside of class with him. He supports the individual learning style of each student. When the university suddenly canceled this required course, Dr Khalil offered to privately tutor his students.
3.5 : Dr. Johnson is one of the most amazing professors I've ever had and one of the greatest individuals I've ever met. He genuinely cares about his students. However, organic chemistry is the hardest class I've ever taken. Most of the grade is based on tests, so bombing one probably means you'll get no higher than a C.
5.0 : Dr. J knows how to teach! His lecture notes are the best thing ever, and he goes over problems during his review sessions before the test which is so valuable. Organic Chemistry is hard, but with him, it's very enjoyable. To pass this class, never, ever miss lecture, actually do the homework, and memorize the mechanisms/reagents. A very fun class!
4.0 : It is a very difficult class. Study for tests well ahead of time; do not procrastinate. Had an A until the final, but ended up with a B because of the final. Study hard on the final because it is 34% of the grade.
5.0 : Profs don't get much better than Dr. Johnson. Most approachable, loving, and skilled instructor I have ever had. Johnson makes this highly challenging and demanding course as bearable as possible. Extremely fair, never tests outside of lecture content. Grade is heavily weighted on exams, but he gives practice exams and curves the mean up to 75-80
5.0 : Honestly one of the best teachers I have ever had. Cares so much that his students do well and understand the material. That being said, its Organic Chemistry that he is teaching so it is going to be difficult. However he is the best man for the job.
3.0 : This class is very difficult. He grades very harshly both in lab and lecture. I never worked so hard to get the grade that I got in any class previously taken. However, he is very approachable.
4.0 : Dr Chan truly cares for her students and wants to make sure we understand everything. Im so glad I had her as my introduction to my major! As long as you attend class and do the reading, you will do well.
5.0 : Fantastic professor and one of the best courses I've taken. Dr. Chan takes interest in her students and their learning, while making sociology and interesting subject. This class opened my eyes to many issues in society.
3.5 : Reading and reading quizzes weekly but they're easy. Her exams are straight forward and based on the readings.  To prepare for the exam essay prompt know your readings well. She also expects you to be able to talk about Sociology terms on the exam. Basically, you need to go to every class, take notes and read all the material. Attendance matters.
4.0 : Interesting class, but the tests were quite difficult for me.  I'm a good studier but the tests did not always go so well for me.  She grades papers based off of a VERY STRICT rubric too.  Overall, the class was interesting but quite difficult for a GE.
5.0 : Class is okay, didn't have interest in the subject. But Professor Chan really cares about her students and is very helpful. I'd recommend her if you have to take sociology as a GE
4.0 : She's so sweet, loves her job and loves her students. Take her, she's great.
4.5 : Super interesting! I'm a sociology major, but even if I wasn't it's  a good class to take.
5.0 : Dr. Chan is such a kind and caring professor. Her lectures are awesome, very detailed, full of examples and helpful. Though there are lots of readings, two relatively difficult tests and a 9-page autobiography, she is super helpful and gives very clear grading criteria. As long as you follow all guidelines, you'll definitely pass her class.
5.0 : He is a passionate teacher and really cares about his students and their learning.
5.0 : She made seminar sweet and fun, she fives more work that most Seminar classes, but they are easy and she gives A's in almost everything you do.
4.5 : Good class. Good explanations and a fun environment .
4.5 : Dude. this was so hard. had to write a 1 page paper on Archery. tooooooooook like 15 min. So much difficulty. But totally hot.
5.0 : Take archery. It's so fun
5.0 : Best guy you'll ever meet, easy easy class, strengthens your faith.
5.0 : Great Lectures, not a lot of assignments besides readings
5.0 : Thad is a great prof! He is so knowledgable and you will learn a lot. Very minimal homework and only two tests that are very easy. Show up and you will easily get an A.
5.0 : Professor Thad Williams is my favorite professor so far at Biola. He genuinely cares for his students. This class is very worth taking. There is some reading and only two tests that are very straight forward (he gives you what you need to know). He makes you think on a deeper level. He is an intelligent man of God.
5.0 : Taking Theo 1 from Thad was amazing. His heart for his students as well as the material is so apparent in every lecture. He isn't worried about the grade you get on the test, or what theological jargon you can regurgitate, he desires to see your life changed by the truth of God's Word, and he wants to empower you to change the lives of others!
5.0 : Don't take theology with anyone else! The class is ridiculously easy but you still learn a lot.
5.0 : Professor Williams is passionate about what he teaches and makes the material so interesting, stimulating, and engaging. He explains concepts really well and take time to answer any questions students have. Although there are few papers and have simple exams, it is definitely worth it to listen to his lectures.
4.0 : Exams and papers (most of the grade) are graded extremely easily. Attendence sheet is passed around half way through lecture which is worth a small percent of the grade. Reading is graded through the honor system (you say whether you did it). Lectures are pretty interesting with a lot of annecdotes from the Bible.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers so far, very smart guy also. Always has great answers to difficult questions. It is an easy class, but if you pay attention you can also learn a lot.
5.0 : TAKE WILLIAMS for anything and everything!!! I could sit through his lectures for hours! Super easy class, but you will learn so much! Two very easy tests. One sort of hard paper. Best lectures you will ever sit through!
4.5 : Awesome prof! The work load is easier than a lot of other profs, but his teaching is incredible! I learned a ton, and he is really great at answering any and all questions students had during lecture. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Professor Williams is the best professor ever. His lectures are absolutely amazing, inspirational and life-changing. His tests are very easy and straightforward. Absolutely the best.
5.0 : What a guy. Honestly every single class felt like one of those life-changing speakers at a church camp that makes everyone cry. He is so knowledgeable and kind, and genuinely wants all of his students to learn and grow in their faith and love God with their minds. Everyone should take a class with him, he's brilliant and amazing.
5.0 : No extra or unnecessary work. Tests are writing out an acrostic and a few verse references. His lectures are amazing and I learned so much. Hands down my favorite class I've taken yet.  Highly, highly recommend - you will not regret it!
5.0 : Hutchison is a great professor.  He cares about each of his students on a personal level and truly believes what he teaches.  If you listen and participate in his lectures, you will do well.  The class is straightforward. Walking away from this class I feel as though I have a greater understanding of the story of the Bible.
4.0 : This was a great class.  He assigned an average amount of reading, and the weekly homework wasn't difficult.  Grading was easier than I expected.  The two projects scared me at first, but they weren't too difficult.  Go to lectures!  That's where you're going to learn your stuff and get the answers to your questions.
5.0 : Warm, positive, affirming to students. Organized and gives good feedback. Great lectures, he is always enthusiastic about the subject matter. Fight to get into his classes, live or online. One of the best!
5.0 : His assignments are a lot of work, but he gives you more than enough time to do them. He also will answers any questions you have about them without making you feel stupid. His lectures are actually really interesting!
5.0 : I don't know if I can say enough good things about Trimm. I don't know if I have felt as cared for by a professor as I have by him. He deeply cares for each student and is very knowledgeable on the subject matter. The active assignments can feel grueling at times but they really grow you.
4.0 : Trimm is so nice! His lectures can get boring but you will learn so much. Take the time to go in to office hours just to chat and it will make the lectures less boring since you know him as a person and not just a prof. SIM papers can be a lot but just do what he says and you'll be fine!
3.0 : Lots of assignments, and I mean lots. His lectures are pretty entertaining though. He's a tad snarky too, so if that gets you down, look elsewhere.
5.0 : Trimm is the best. He's hilarious, practical, and just amazing. You aren't really tested on his lectures quite as much as you do papers. Just turn in your work and it should be easy to get an A. He is a really great teacher and cares about his students but in a great sarcastic way. He knows his stuff for sure. Will be an eye opening class.
4.5 : Dr. Trimm is fantastic. His class always has a really comfortable, trusting atmosphere, and he takes everyone's thoughts and opinions into consideration. He gets through his lecture slides efficiently, and in fun ways. He loves Batman, so he adds in movie clips to explain Biblical principles. He's just great.
4.5 : Trimm is probably the easiest prof for this class. There are a lot less SIM papers than other profs and he is pretty much the easiest grader. That being said there are a fair amount of assignments, but they really are not that bad. He also is very knowledgable and discusses hard topics and does so well. He is very kind and really cares.
4.0 : First of all he requires a 95 for an A so that sucks. If your looking for an A dont take him, because he gives a lot of work that sometimes feels like busy wook and its super hard to get that 95. If youre fine with a B then take him. Hes a good teacher and the class is very helpful.
5.0 : He's probably the best to take for Bib Interp if you want to actually learn but not get overwhelmed by the amount of work that the course requires. Hes very articulated in lectures and notes and it makes writing all the paper a 1000 times easier. I got 100s on all papers because the info on what yo write was clear and accessible.  LOVED TRIMM
4.0 : Trimm is an amazing prof for Biblical Interpretation. His lectures are inspired and interesting, I was kept constantly engaged and I have ADHD so that's impressive! You can tell he really wants you to understand what he is trying to teach. The SIM papers are difficult at first but he is not a very tough grader so you will get it eventually.
5.0 : Molloy is such an awesome professor. She is young and fun but also very professional. She takes command of the room and you are captivated. She is great, but she will make you work for the grade. The paper is the sole focus of this class. My advice don't procrastinate! Also ask for help, she is great!
5.0 : GREAT PROFESSOR! Explains things clearly and perfectly, and is super nice and not approachable.
4.5 : Hes a great professor, the class in general is difficult. If you ask, he'll help you in any way that he can. I got a low grade because i never studied, if you study you're good, but there is a lot of material to go over and study guides don't really help, its best to have a one on one with him.
5.0 : One of the funniest professor I have had ever. Physiology is a hard subject in general but is very practical. As long as you put time and effort into studying you will do just fine.
5.0 : Dr. V creates a community in his classroom. There is excitement in his eyes when he teaches and loves when students ask questions and participate in his lectures. He is a real gem of a prof. His lecture content is straightforward, interesting, and easy to grasp if you put in the effort to study.
4.0 : Going to Varamini's lectures were actually a highlight of my day. He is hilarious, and he teaches the material very well. There is no homework for lecture, but quite a bit of it for lab. His tests are somewhat hard. Overall, I highly recommend this taking a course with this professor.
4.5 : Don't buy the textbook, be attentive during lecture, and study the powerpoints! The best way to study is to take notes on the powerpoints during lecture and then use the power points to make your own study guide. If you have questions, all you need to do is literally walk into his office and ask. Also, awesome prof! Get to know him!
4.5 : An actual genius, so knowledgable, and so grounded in the Christian faith.  He's incredibly funny too.  I could hear him lecture for hours.  His lectures are very clear, but his tests were kind of hard for me (very specific) but as long as you put in the time to study you'll be fine.  I LOVE VARAMINI!!!!! Too bad he's already married
4.5 : Dr. Wang is super helpful. He talks to you like you're friends. He's willing to stop lecture for a few minutes to slow down, and make sure everyone is on the same page. He tries really hard to make sure everyone is understanding.
5.0 : Dude. Legit Best. Please I recomend, he should teach everything. &lt;3 This guy
5.0 : Brent is the most amazing human being in the world and you absolutely need to know him.
4.5 : I suck at public speaking and my speeches weren't that good. He's understanding and funny. I didn't try very hard, but if you put some effort into it, the class is an easy A.
5.0 : Brent Dedmon is by far one of the greatest people I have encountered on Biola's campus. He is extremely passionate about communication &amp; is profound in his simple, yet beautiful articulation of its significance to who we are. He is incredibly intentional with students and reminds them of what is eternally valuable. So thankful to have had him!!
5.0 : The best professor on campus. This guy is a great guy. Even asked the class to call him by his first name. Read the book for the quizzes and follow the speech format and you will get an A. However, you don't do well on the quizzes, you will see it suffer your grade. But you need to take this class with him. He's hilarious. Had me laughing everytime
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR EVER. His class has inspired me to be a better person and communicator. I wish I had more time with him because I look forward to his 3 hour class every week. He is interested in each student as a soul and not just an ID number. I HIGHLY recommend him to anyone taking intro to public communication.
5.0 : Awesome person as a whole. Take him for comm, you will learn a lot and have fun.
4.0 : Dedmon is the bomb! He really, really cares about his students and takes the time to learn each of their names. Thanks to Dedmon, I feel like my entire Comm class is part of my family. This is not a hard class, unless you count writing speeches as hard, but he makes those fun. Dedmon for the win!
5.0 : Energetic, open, and fun professor. He connects with students individually and personally, and creates discussions in class. If you’re nervous about writing speeches, don’t be – he is really supportive and helpful. There are no exams, just easy daily quizzes, a few speeches, and the final group presentation. I really enjoyed this class as a whole!
5.0 : HANDS DOWN BEST COMM CLASS. professor is super helpful and makes the dreadful public speaking class entertaining and a bit more enjoyable. i'd definitely recommend this to anyone
5.0 : I love this class! I am so glad that I took it with Professor Dedmon. He is a really funny guy and his lectures are actually bearable. He gives some extra credit which is nice. If you read the book and do well on speeches, it'll be an easy A for you :)
5.0 : Dedmon is my favorite college professor! I took him for public speaking at Hope Intl. and everyone seriously loves him. He's interesting and really funny and made me feel at ease about being in front of people even though i hate it haha. And he helped me get through a pretty hard time so I honestly have nothing bad to say. Take his class!
5.0 : I've never had a more genuine, caring professor. Whether you are naturally a comfortable speaker or a nervous wreck he always found something to compliment and something to suggest. He is absolutely my favorite professor that I've ever had!
4.5 : PBJ is such an awesome person, inside and out!  I loved her class, and the people in it. She is a great professor, and I learned so much from here than I had ever in high school.  The only reason I got a bad grade in her class was due to her tough grading, but your writing will improve tremendously!
4.5 : GREAT PROFESSOR! Will invest in your life throughout the semester. Easy to talk to. The only difficult thing is communication via email!
4.5 : I absolutely love Brenna! She is one of the best professors I have ever had. She chooses extremely interesting books, plays, and short stories. She always facilitates  such interesting conversations. She is not the hardest grader, she will always work with you and gives grades based on the effort that you show. Overall, shes the best!
5.0 : She's crazy but in a really good way.
5.0 : Brenna Jones is by far the best prof I've ever taken from any school. Although we wrote A LOT of essays, it was for our benefit. Her lectures alone made me want to be an English major. You will laugh and confront content that will force your educational growth. Do it. Just DO IT!
3.0 : I would not recommend Prof Jones to anyone who wants to get to know their prof personally or want an easily-approachable/relational prof. She is very high energy and moves pretty fast. The class is not super work heavy, but she grades incredibly hard on the papers that you write. Very hard to please no matter what level of writer. She's funny tho!
5.0 : Jeff is awesome. What more to be said?! He is very laid back and never gets on your case for being late (since he's late himself on occasion!) He is a walking encyclopedia on how to use Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign--don't hesitate to ask him for help if you can't figure something out, because 9.5 times out of 10 he'll know what to do!
5.0 : He's like the hipster Art teacher who loves photography and matching socks. He was very helpful during class exercises, and shows you how to manage your way around Adobe software. He's a really fun teacher with cool assignments, and I would definitely take him for all of my Art classes if that were possible!
5.0 : Cool and creative teacher that uses the word DAGNABIT alot. REALLY AWESOME TEACHER. TAKE HIM.
5.0 : I really have fun in her class. The material itself is not difficult, and she always has activities to do in class. There is no textbook, but certain supplies are needed for each class. Tests come at least once a month, but not difficult either. I enjoy the way she teaches and the activities.
5.0 : Seriously, Mrs. Blass is one of the best teachers I have taken. She is so helpful, and makes this class fun. Super easy to understand and will literally do anything to make sure you understand. Was my favorite teacher of the semester and genuinely cares about her students. I highly recommend her! Don't take anyone else for this class!
5.0 : I love Tina. She cares for her students and cares that you will teach your students well. She's always willing to answer your questions and has the best tips for teaching math in the future.
5.0 : 12/10 would recommend
5.0 : She is an amazing professor! I wouldn't have taken this class with anyone else, she is such a sweet lady and she always explains everything with such clarity. If you have the opportunity to take Blass, DO IT! You won't regret it at all!
5.0 : Great professor! You would regret not taking one of her psych classes. No homework, just tests and a project. Very clear and straight forward teaching with some great stories. Plans class so there is time for questions and discussion. I'm not a morning person, but I looked forward to this class. She is also incredibly culturally aware and competent
5.0 : She is definitely amazing and has taken me under her wing to mentor me. The lectures are definitely important, the paper was fun but definitely look at the instructions or else you can find yourself in a pickle. Her tests are difficult but that's mainly because she doesn't give a study guide. Her mantra is if it's on the slides it's fair game
4.0 : Dr. A is awesome! She's a force to be reckoned with, so be sure to study hard for exams and at least skim the readings. You won't regret taking her! I've learned so much by taking both Abnormal Psychology and Testing and Assessment.
4.0 : Professor Tania was easy to listen to in lecture, however she uses class time for her own personal soap boxes and I felt like she was very pretentious . She is also a difficult grader for the last paper of the semester. She knows people do poorly on it yet refuses to make it more clear. I had an A the whole semester until the paper was graded
3.5 : Dr Collier is awesome. She makes class interesting, and cares for the students. She is understanding about difficulties completing assignments.
5.0 : Professor Sinclair is one of my favorite professors I have taken so far at Biola. She's fun, exciting, and she loves teaching. With Writing for PR, you will have to work and try hard. She's not exactly a hard grader but she doesn't give A's away. She's always willing to help and answer questions. I'm already excited to take her again next semester.
5.0 : This was the first physics class I ever took, and Murray made it all so very clear to me. He is amazingly helpful and so caring about every student. He does go very fast in lecture, but is willing to go over it again after class. HW due twice a week, but they're easy points. Quiz almost every week right out of the book, and test out of quizzes.
5.0 : Professor Treat was one of my favorite professors this semester. He gives you a great understanding of the way we as Christians should look at topics in the world. It was a 3 hour lecture, but the class was so interesting you do not even notice how long it is. Reading the books is a must, there are reading reports after each book. TAKE THIS CLASS!!
5.0 : Such a nice guy who cares about his students. Honestly, if I had gotten my work done on time I would have gotten an A. Such an easy class. 3 hours, 6 books to read. Let's us out early almost every class.
5.0 : He's an awesome teacher. He makes a lot of sense and funny and real. Just pay attention in class and take notes and there's easy quizzes in class every week so be there.
5.0 : He is a great professor. Explains information is a systematic step-by step format. Every class session is detailed on a calendar in the syllabus, so it is easy to know what to expect and when things are due, you know exactly where your grade is coming from.
4.0 : Funniest guy ever! He is a little disorganized with his life but still a great teacher and artist! I would recommend taking him! He has also helped me become a better artist.
5.0 : I liked this class I think I learned a lot about drawing and I'm not even an art major.
3.5 : Me: "Joe I need help." Joe: "I don't know, just draw what you see." Basically, he's such a funny character! But he really is helpful. Big tip during the critiques, let's say you think you should get a 7 on a drawing, but he might give you an 8 if you say so! However, he gets picky about shadows and still life. Also, don't mention Disney haha
5.0 : Great class but it was as night. Clear and systematic.
5.0 : Amazing
2.0 : Hes funny and open-minded for he is like the human version of grumpy cat.  Many art students like him despite his negativity. However, it is hard to that he actually teaches you anything or helps you out for he is very passive.
4.0 : JOE. Joe, Joe, Joe. A really amazing art teacher. His sense of humour is dry, but like, whatever. He will squint at your art on the wall during a critique, and comment that it could basically be anything you want it to be. In all honesty, he will gladly help you with designing your art projects, and leave the creativity to you.
2.0 : Unclear, vague, and super repetitive. Ultimately, this class can be so interesting and engaging, but it's presented weakly.
5.0 : Thumbs up!
5.0 : Scott Bootman is  man of great integrity that truly cares, not just about teaching English, but igniting a passion for understanding "story" and its real life application through everything from film to issues of social justice. This man is truly a gift to the teaching profession and I'd definitely say my life has been changed because of him.
5.0 : Scott Bootman is a man of integrity who truly cares, not just about teaching English, but about igniting a passion for understanding "story" and teaching students how to see the greater story in everything from film to issues of social injustice. My life has been changed by the way this man has helped me to see my story in the greater picture.
3.5 : Scott was a good professor for English. He is passionate about what he does which is nice to have in a professor. He grades kinda tough, it's not impossible to get an A on your papers but you definitely have to work for it.
5.0 : Scott rocks.
3.5 : Jane is an awesome professor and is very helpful. There are no tests in her class, only projects (but aren't most art classes like that?) She is very personable and takes genuine interest in your art and your life. She gives good feedback on your art and gives suggestions to improve.
5.0 : He is like a TOM BRADY in latino.
5.0 : Because of Prof. Garcia I have greatly increased my desire to learn about really tough topics. His strong values and yet very charitable stance makes this course very unique. He pushes us to think beyond the surface of all topics. Heavy, challenging, good class. Pleasantly surprised.
4.0 : Great teacher but has high expectations, pushes you to do your best.
1.0 : She is super nice but is a super strict grader, Each time we have something due she lets us revise it. My revision grade only goes up around 2-3 percent, even if you meet with her. She also doesn't give you a rubric or explains how you got the grade you got. She just makes up a grade to what she feels like a paper deserves. Don't take her.
5.0 : SHE IS MY FAV! Yes, she is a tough grader, but you can mostly redo any assignment for a higher grade. Dr. Kenny genuinely cares about you and your grades. I would highly recommend taking her class!
4.0 : I took her Topics in Shakespeare course at UC Riverside. She was a very knowledgeable professor, but I could tell she was newer to teaching. However, she was clear, helpful, and kind, and the assignments weren't hard.  There were pop quizzes every week over the readings (we read a Shakespeare play every week). Midterm &amp; final were multiple choice.
3.5 : She is one of the sweetest professors you will ever have. She is a tough grader for papers, but she does explain why you received the grade you got and will help you make revisions if you ask. The more often you participate in class, the higher your grade will be in general. I really enjoyed going to class because she always made it interactive.
2.0 : She is such a nice professor. The class discussion was very interesting. The readings are not that bad since you're only reading short stories. Not much homework, just readings. I honestly enjoyed the class. You should participate a lot in discussions. She's a hard grader on essays.
5.0 : Tough grader but cares about the students. You'll work for an A but it'll be worth it.
4.5 : Dr. Kenny is extremely intelligent, kind, and showed me grace multiple times. I will be taking her classes again in the future and I loved this class
4.5 : Dr. Amy Kenny was awesome, Im glad she was my teacher this semester, I really learned a lot. In taking this class my writting skills were able to become stronger and was about to really understand how analysis should be in my papers
5.0 : Prof. Kenny was a very good teacher. I learned a lot in this class, she just is a very stern grader, which was good &amp; bad.
5.0 : Very nice and approachable. Good feedback received quickly.
5.0 : She's always willing to meet with students. Definitely helps in office hours. Really cares about students.
5.0 : Always answers emails and wants to help students out. You'll work a lot but you'll learn a bunch about writing.
5.0 : Yes, there are a lot of papers. But she's willing to meet with you and do everything she can so you can pass. Plus, she gives loads of examples in class which help out
5.0 : Tough grader, but by the end of the class, you can see why. Writing improved a lot over one semester. She's really down to earth if you need advice too.
5.0 : Super clear with expectations and what she looks for in the papers. She gives sample work out in class, so as long as you try to follow the guidelines that she gives, you can do well. Plus, she'll look over work for other classes and give you feedback. it's clear she wants you to get better at writing and will help.
5.0 : Seriously, I've never had a teacher give essays back as fast as she does. Always gives loads of feedback and gets them back fast so you can work on the stuff she wants before the next paper. It's hard to get the A in her class, but if you listen to what she says and do the feedback, you can make it happen. Plus, she lets you rewrite papers
3.0 : She is a really tough grader. I'm half way through the semester and no one in my class has made an A. She's more than willing to work with you though and has open revision so you can rewrite your paper for a whole new grade after you've turned it in.
4.0 : Dr. Kenny is amazing. She doesn't have many office hours but she will help you if you schedule a time with her. She gives interesting paper assignments, workshops in class and re-do essays to help. It isn't easy, but participate &amp; work well on the assignments &amp; you will see how great she is &amp; how easy it is to get at least a B.
4.5 : Dr. Kenny makes class super fun and interesting. I really enjoyed class time and the lectures were all helpful and entertaining. The papers were long and the topics were tough and a little boring. She grades pretty tough, but I learned so much about how to write better from her. She offers help outside of class, which definitely helps your grade.
4.0 : Dr. Crawford is hands-down the best professor I've had at Biola. She is genuine and sweet, and is ready and willing to help students with any questions they have. Her class is a seminar, so she doesn't lecture, which means there's a lot of class discussions. You watch actual therapy sessions, and practice actual techniques with your group.
5.0 : She is the most amazing person ever! She cares about her students and I learned so much. By far the best teacher and class I've ever taken in Biola.
5.0 : He is passionate teacher and truly cares about the student. He is Super clear with his signing and makes teaching easy! If you want a fun language to learn, ASL (With LARSON) is the choice for you!
4.5 : He is a very easy grader. He cares about his students, and just wants to make ASL easy and fun so you will want to learn it. This is the perfect class to take for anyone who has struggled with their language classes in the past.
5.0 : Kelly is pretty awesome. She really cares about her students and their work and will look at your re-designed roughs as many times as you ask her. She is a bit of a perfectionist though, just as a warning.
4.5 : Kelly is an amazing person and amazing designer. She has a lot of one-on-one and group critiques. The thing I hated was the long, boring class critiques. But one-on-one she gives very good feedback and gives you time in class to work on stuff sometimes. She is different than the main design professor, which is a nice change.
5.0 : Tom is really an amazing guy. He has a wealth of experience to share with you. He is an awesome resource to have. You definitely want to take from Tom and get to know him personally. Absolutely fantastic class. I took Business Law and Org. Ethics from him. Both PHENOMENAL!
5.0 : Had him for HR Management and Law.   Wilson is my favorite professor at Biola. He's engaging, down to earth, cares deeply about the students, and really works hard to make sure the work for the class is valuable and necessary.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers. Class grade is based on 6-8 quizzes and 8 papers only 2 pages long from the reading. I learned more in his class than any other class. He cares and he doesn't lecture, he just asks us questions and sits on a chair in front of the class. Taking him 2 times already for different classes.
5.0 : Absolutely love Professor Wilson. He makes the class so enjoyable. You have to do  8/12  small 3 pg. assigned essays throughout the course. And there are pop quizzes based on the previous lecture and the reading for that week. Classes are all discussion based and very entertaining. I would take any class this professor taught.
4.5 : Good class. Good Prof
5.0 : Great Professor. If you have the opportunity to take Wilson then you should take advantage of it. You won't find a better person or professor. Not too difficult a grader. You have 7 papers throughout the semester and about 6 easy quizzes. It's tough not to get at least a high B
5.0 : I had Professor Turner for MIS.  It was an online class and homework entirely accessible any time throughout the semester - meaning you can do your work earlier than due date.  I found that extremely useful!  He also gives really good feedback with discussion posts and to top it off, he's so helpful!  I thoroughly enjoyed his class and the reading.
4.0 : She's utterly hilarious and is always willing to help you improve in whatever it may be. She is always open to talk to you and is caring. She's also sarcastic and straight forward, so be careful with her and don't give her any crap, so be careful.
4.5 : She is absolutely wonderful! She has been my favorite professor at Biola so far. She is spunky, fun, and willing to work with any student that is willing to ask for help. She takes complicated or dry topics and makes them exciting and interesting. She is also personal and invested in her students. I hope to take her again before I graduate.
5.0 : Dr. Shepard is fantastic! She is so caring and always makes lectures interesting with intriguing discussions. I recommend her for any class! She is always willing to help out and talk with students, even about personal matters. I wish she taught more classes!
4.5 : Professor Manning is a great professor, I would really suggest his class. He is clear, gives fair assignments with reasonable expectations. Loves the Gospel of John and is super nice! The only thing is that sometimes the class material is not super interesting but for the most part it is a great class.
5.0 : Dr. Rickabaugh is an excellent teacher. His classes are balanced with humor, serious discussion, and challenging content. His homework is reading that will challenge you to think in new ways, take on difficult questions, and step outside of your comfort zone. YOU WILL LEARN and GROW AS A PERSON in this class. Overall excellent teacher and course.
5.0 : This teacher was one of my favorite teachers on campus. He was very clear in his lectures and will always keep the class entertained in a philosophical way. If there was anything you were unclear about he will make sure to answer your questions in a timely manner. Make sure that you study well for his tests because they can be a little tricky!
5.0 : Professor Rickabaugh is a sweet funny man! He he has a passion for philosophy and builds relationships with students really well. I was a bit nervous for this class since I knew philosophy would not be my thing. BUT, no I honestly learned so much in his class and I ended up getting a good grade.
5.0 : Professor Rickabaugh is a sweet funny man! He he has a passion for philosophy and builds relationships with students really well. I was a bit nervous for this class since I knew philosophy would not be my thing. BUT, no I honestly learned so much in his class and I ended up getting a good grade.
4.5 : Professor Rickabaugh is a great professor who takes personal interest in his students. The content of the class was a little difficult for me, but his connections to things in his life really made everything more understandable. He also causes students to think about why they believe what they do, and helps them understand where truth lies.
5.0 : Professor Rickabaugh is amazing and he makes his class full of joy. He likes interacting with his students, therefore, if you have any questions or difficuties, go ahead to talk to him in advance. BECAUSE that will SAVE you! He grades hard, but once you make improvement and progress, you will receive SURPRISE for your final grade!
5.0 : Know and be known by Professor Rickabaugh! He genuinely cares for his students and for their growth and flourishing. You have to work hard for a good grade, but the it pays off in ways unexpected. Initially, I was intimidated to study Philosophy. But after the intro course with Professor Rickabaugh, I considered minoring in Philosophy! He's great.
4.0 : I was terrified going into this class, it seemed like Philosophy would never click but if you attentively do the readings, participate in class and listen to his feedback you will do fine.  He is incredibly helpful and is good at clarifying examples. He will challenge you to come to your own conclusions. Laugh at his jokes, they're hilarious.
3.5 : I was nervous about the class, but I really enjoyed it. He really cares about his students, and his personality and humor makes the class interesting. Even though the content can be kind of tough to understand sometimes, he tries to make it understandable and gives lots of examples. He wasn't as tough of a grader as I expected. Would recommend.
4.0 : I took Rickabaugh's Intro to Philosophy class, and I was expecting it to be super difficult. He grades hard, but if you follow his instructions, it is honestly not bad at all! He cares more about your wellbeing and that you learn something rather than how good your grade is. You do need to be willing to work though because your effort will show.
5.0 : This is one of the best classes and teachers that I've ever taken in my college history. Prof. Rickabaugh is extremely intelligent and quite often very hilarious. If you participate, attend class everyday and simply listen, it will be easy to pass. He challenges you to think about the way you think. Awesome teacher. Take his class!
5.0 : Professor Rickabaugh is one of the best Professor's I have ever had. He is hilarious and brilliantly smart. He was taught by both Dallas Willard and JP Moreland so I consider him to be an up and coming philosophy big wig. That being said he cares about every student very deeply and really helps you understand philosophy and love it. Take his class!
4.0 : Brandon Rickabaugh was an amazing professor. I am not a philosophy major by any means, but his class was one of my favorites. He cares about philosophy very much and does his best to help students better understand this subject. I believe that he strives to make his classroom a fun learning environment because he makes his students laugh constantly
4.0 : I was able to spend a good deal of time with Professor Rickabaugh outside of class discussing my papers and thoughts regarding class material. He always made it apparent that he cared about my academic sucess and understanding of the topics. If you are willing to put in the work, it is possble to receive good grades on the assignments.
4.5 : This is an amazing class. It definitely takes a lot of work, but you learn so much and is very worth the work. The class helps you shape your character so much. Rickabaugh is an amazing professor who loves the Lord, is super vulnerable and really cares for his students! Take the class!
4.5 : Wonderful--harder material for non-Philosophy people, but he really takes the time to explain it so that it's understandable, and is totally open to helping you however much you needed it. For a 3-hour class, it was very enjoyable; we laughed a lot, and he cares about your personal growth and transformation at least as much as the grades.
4.5 : Rickabaugh is awesome! I'm reccomending him to all my friends. The work he gives really makes you think so it takes a while, but what you get out of it is so worth it and he isn't a crazy hard grader.  It is obvious that he really cares about his students and wants them to learn and grow as people! Thought I would hate this class but i love it!
4.5 : Great teacher, super funny, helpful and kind. Made a subject that I cannot process typically a lot more understandable. Definitely sounded like it was a harder philosophy course than the ones my friends have at Biola but I really enjoyed Prof Rickabaugh.
3.5 : This was definitely an enjoyable class. It was tough, but it is doable. Reading before each class will help you  get the most out of each lecture.  Professor Rickabaugh is very approachable. If there is anything that you don't understand, he is more than willing to explain it again. If you do the work and show up, you'll get an A.
4.0 : Professor Rickabaugh is an incredible teacher!! I was not interested in philosophy before taking his class. It is difficult material to go over, but his lectures are really helpful.
4.5 : Prof. R. is one of the best teachers I have ever had. He is incredibly knowledgeable, humble, and sincere. He displays genuine care and interest in his students every class and is readily available to meet with students outside of class. He creates a positive, safe environment. His teaching has impacted my life in areas  beyond philosophy.
5.0 : He is brilliant in every sense, and his sense pf humor is dry and kept me laughing constantly while able to still learn so much from his copious wisdom. He genuinely cares for his students and speaks truth in love. Makes you think about your own personal beliefs and challenges without causing doubt. He is in my top 3 favorite professors. Take him.
4.0 : Professor Rickabaugh is an amazing professor. This is one of those classes that you leave feeling like you just heard a sermon. Professor Rickabaugh gives you a foundation of Philosophy tied in with Biblical Principles  for everyday life. The lectures can be a bit to grasp right away, but after thorough reading you should be fine.
5.0 : This was not my easiest class of the semester but it was one of the classes that I enjoyed the most and got the most out of! Rickabaugh is great and really approachable. He also looks and acts kind of like a slightly more reserved Jack Black, so that's a plus.
5.0 : Honestly the best teacher I have had at Biola. I learned so much in every lecture and though the class was 3 hours long, at no point did it ever get boring. He keeps his lectures entertaining and applicable to our daily lives. I grew so much spiritually and intellectually in this class. I loved it so much because of Professor Brandon!
3.0 : I think this subject in general is ver hard and confusing, so i don't think you can be one hundred percent ok with the subject unless you really really spend lots of time on it. I loved this teacher he's pretty fun cracks jokes all the time enjoys the subject which makes the class more interesting. Super passionate about us understanding
4.0 : Great professor. He really wants you understand all the concepts and usually makes them simple to understand. Great sense of humor. As long as you pay attention and do the reading, you will do fine in his class.
5.0 : If you love to learn and are willing to work hard, then this is  the class to take. The subject matter in this course will affect the rest of your life, and Rickabaugh teaches it superbly. The readings are fantastic, the teaching is great, and you truly will learn a lot. If you work, you will get an A. It's not that hard, and you'll learn a lot!
4.5 : This prof makes the content rational, engaging and applicable. But he also takes personal interest in relating to the students and helping them grow to become better thinkers and people overall. He was mentored by Willard and Moreland. There is a lot of philosophy reading, but it's okay. I recommend this prof!!
5.0 : This was the single most impactful class I have taken. The professor TRULY cares about the well-being of the students, incorporating spiritual applications in each lecture. He really pushes each student to think and work hard and is always there if you want to ask extra questions or need help. He is also utterly hilarious.
4.0 : Very passionate, and fun to have. Great personality.
5.0 : Lots of hands on film projects instead of tests. No tests!
5.0 : He makes the class feel super close, even if you hardly talk to each other. I was afraid to take communications, but he made the experience 100x better. I would take his class again.
5.0 : Super easy class! He makes it fun and worth showing up to.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors. He truly helped me conquer my fear of public speaking.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors. The class setting is very informal and chill.  He is willing to work with students outside of class to conquer their fear of public speaking &amp; really cares about his students.  I highly, highly recommend taking him!
5.0 : As long as you give effort you will be fine.
5.0 : Professor Andre is great, explains everything, very helpful during office hours, really wants you to succeed.
4.5 : Chase is a great professor to take for COMM 100. He is a great prof, and he understands that most people are scared of public speaking. He makes the class a great environment that feels safe. When he gets on tangents, he really speaks from his heart, and the things he has to say are great. The class was not very hard, and was actually a pleasure.
4.0 : Great professor who is also a great public speaker. He gives you a very clear rubric of what he expects from you and is gracious and understanding.
5.0 : Fantastic human being.
3.0 : Weekly lectures are monotonous and uninteresting as he teaches out a textbook that should be for freshman in highschool. Only 3 main speeches which he doesn't grade too tough on. A couple hours of prep and you'll get above a 95. Weekly online quizes which are a easy but annoying. Fairly new professor, nice guy. Not too much work for an A.
4.5 : Prof. Andre is fantastic and really cares about his students and what he is teaching. Interpersonal Communication with him is awesome and really helps you learn to effectively communicate!
4.0 : Not too much homework. A lot of application in class and outside of class. Wants you to learn a lot and pass, but more importantly be able to apply the subject to life. Longest paper is a reflection/academic essay. Would take again!
5.0 : Matt is a great human being. Taking his intro class will be very helpful in understanding whether or not you are interested in the major. The class does not get as into disabilities as I had assumed, but it was a good class. Matt has a great for God and for grace and for making everyone feel heard and respected.
4.5 : he is interested in his students and subject matter.  Not a big hw load, just weekly readings and some interaction.  No midtermfinal tests, but there are unit papers.  Overall, great prof, he is sarcastic and funny and even brings coffee for students.  Great class that everyone should take!  Will open your eyes to art, beauty, love and God
4.5 : He is wonderful at teaching this course and has a fun, quirky, and smart aleck personality and humor.
5.0 : My new favorite professor on campus, which says a lot. Professor Dennis knows how to present the material so you really understand it without  burdening you with excess homework and dry lectures. Humorous, witty, and overall an amazing man of God.
4.5 : Mr. Bray makes you feel like he understands you. He is a good thinker and has a lot of knowledge about his subject. Not a super hard class he does a good job at keeping people on the same page but you will have to work well to get a good grade.
5.0 : Great class, useful and interesting lectures! Teri is great, she is very clear about everything, she cares a lot about her students, and the projects are actually fun! Don't buy the text book though.
4.0 : Clemons is one of my favorite professors not because of her personality, but because she knows her stuff and teaches SO WELL. She is actually kind of strict and nit picky with few things like cell phones and computers.. but her classes are never boring to the point where you need to use your phone! I have a lot of respect for her!
5.0 : Everyone at the seminary is required to take the course. Professor Grove is lenient and helpful in the sense that he doesn't require students to do additional work than the 1 unit course requires. He is helpful and I will take him again. Really, take him especially if you have full load for the semester.
5.0 : Mark has actually been in movies and on tv shows which is pretty cool. He is nice guy and gives good feedback! Most of the class is memorizing lines, it is fun and relaxed and easy to get an A! Attendance is 50% of the grade. I learned a lot about the real world of Hollywood. This should be available for all majors!
4.5 : Professor Strobel's class will direct one's attention to questions that aren't normally asked when it comes to walking with God. My outlook on the Christian life has totally changed as a result of taking his spiritual formation course. However it's a lot of reading and work, but will take him again. His TA grades hard!
5.0 : He is the best professor I have had. His grasp of theology along with his commentary on ministry in the context of church history is second to none. And he is funny. If you are working in ministry, he is a must.
4.5 : The homework is a lot of work and takes up a lot of time, but it helps for the tests. Dr. Yee is super helpful and really cares about his students. He wants to see everyone succeed. His curve in my class was huge.
5.0 : Dr. Yee has so many quirks. Professionally, his lectures are some of the most dense, informational, yet easily comprehendible lectures I have experienced.
5.0 : Simon is the best! You will love taking his class. His assignments and tests aren't hard, but go to class, it helps. There are also a lot of extra credit opportunities. He loves to encourage you and you can definitely tell he loves his job and the Lord.
5.0 : Simon is one of the best professors I've had at Biola. Even if you aren't a journalism or PR major, take one of his classes as an elective, you won't regret it! He is so full of compassion and he cares for all of his students and loves the Lord above all else. He offers many extra credit opportunities and wants to see you succeed!
5.0 : Simon is one of the greatest professor you could take. He is such a generous man, who will take his classes to get food in between his lectures. It's a very engaging class. I've never heard anyone say anything bad about Simon. He also cares a lot about his students and will work with them. Can't go wrong with taking one of his classes.
5.0 : Simon is everything you would want in a professor, especially as a PR major. No, his lectures aren't the best, and no, you don't always learn a lot from his classes. But he is passionate. He is kind, he is loving, and I am not joking when I say that he genuinely cares about every student that he has. Bill Simon is truly an inspiration.
5.0 : Prof Simon is the greatest! He is so giving, and is so understanding. He is a teacher that I will always remember and look up to. He prays for you throughout the semester, and gives you great feedback on your assignments which is always needed. He is truly a man of God, and is the sweetest. Always has a smile on his face, always has his door open.
5.0 : Prof Simon is one of the most passionate professors I have seen at Biola. He is very invested in students and their success, and has one of the kindest hearts I have ever seen in a person. I am no longer a PR major, but whenever I see him on campus (2 years after switching majors) he still says hello and remembers details about my life.
5.0 : A great professor he has so far been one of my favorite professors at Biola.
5.0 : I seriously enjoyed this class so much. Extremely easy and I learned so much about the foundations of journalism and PR. He truly cares about his students and gives honest and genuine feedback on papers. AP Cathlon was so much fun and I learned a lot about Ap Style. 11/10 prof.
4.5 : Great prof! Passionate and cares about his students. Loves God and integrates  a Christian worldview across every aspect of the class. Health and wellness is very interesting and you'll get a lot from it.  Wish he taught other PE courses like spinning.
5.0 : Had him for kinesiology. Just keep on top of the work and put some time studying for the exams and you will be fine.
4.5 : Dr. Gardner is the best! He's knowledgeable, passionate about his work, down to earth, cares for his students, and is easy to talk to. His love for Jesus is evident when he teaches. Health and wellness is an interesting and easy class.  No quizzes/tests. No textbook to save you money.  Definitely take it with him! You'll get an A. He's cute too!
2.0 : Dr. Gardner is great at teaching. I feel like I learned a lot. However, a huge portion of your grade is based on tests and assignments that aren't really ever discussed in class. READ THE DIRECTIONS AND THE SYLLABUS CAREFULLY. I went from a 98 to an 86 in the class because I read the directions wrong on two assignments. Crazy for a PE.
5.0 : She wants a lot of detail and thoroughness on reports and stuff. She is really fun to listen to in lecture; I would take her again, although she's a more fastidious grader. That woman is smoking hot too. I almost want to date her more than anything!
3.5 : There are normal reading quizzes that are fairly easy if you stay on top of reading. You must attend 3 plays of her choosing (and her dates), and if you miss them you will fail the class. Lectures are very boring. Papers are easy if you follow the prompts. Final project is a lot of work and she expects you to be excited about it. But an easy class.
4.0 : This class really made a difference in the way that I look at the arts and gave me a new perspective to view God's beauty.  Ms. Mitchell puts a lot of hard work into it.
4.0 : Super fun teacher! Understands that your PE class is the last thing on your stress list. Makes it more like a show up and have fun class. No work at all except a reflection paper and another small assignment that is a completion grade. Super chill, and really cares about his students. Wish I could take it again! (Flag Football)
5.0 : Professor Aguas is my favorite professor. The class is easy if you are willing to put effort into the work, and he is extremely willing to help you. He is very understanding, but he will also hold you to high expectation. He's a businessman, through and through.
5.0 : Professor Aguas is one of the best professors I have had at Biola. He made a three hour class fly by with his energetic and engaging teaching style. He genuinely cares about his students and their success and will go the extra mile to help you out.
5.0 : Professor Aguas has been my favorite professor at Biola so far. I took him for a 3 hour night class on Monday nights which can easily be a miserable experience; he made every single session engaging and sleepless. He won't surprise you with material on tests because he cares about your grade too. Take him for any class he offers. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
5.0 : Professor Aguas is one of the best professors I have had the privilege to learn from. He does not try to trick you on tests, he cares about each student learning the concepts and being able to apply them in a working environment.  He makes each topic relatable and understandable through real life examples.
3.5 : Nice guy, is crazy about phones and computers in class so if you take him keep it off. Don't talk in his class or he will get mad.  Pretty easy and nice guy though.
5.0 : Best prof I've had in college, very interested in his students success.  Brings Economics to life.  This is the second class I've had with Prof Aguas.  Fortune 500 executive with lots of stories.    Highly recommend.  He has helped students get jobs in the real world.  Very connected.
5.0 : Wonderful professor! Always willing to work with students and wants you to succeed. Highly recommend this class.
5.0 : Super awesome teacher. Super respectable and is the best business professor you can have as a student.
4.5 : Aguas is one of the few professors who genuinely cares about his students and prepares them well for the workplace. Workload is moderate, but he will do everything he can to help his students succeed.
5.0 : Well rounded guy. I had him for Microeconomics this semester, and it really made me wish I had him for Macroeconomics as well. He doesn't surprise you with unnecessary work, and gives great feedback. Uses real life examples from his work experience. Only thing lowering my grade is the participation grade, so be prepared to raise your hand.
5.0 : Professor Aguas is a great guy and a fantastic professor. He has a lot of wisdom to share and he really cares about preparing students for their careers after college. He expects a lot from participation and attendance. The tests are on the lectures so don't buy the book unless you really want to learn the material in depth. Easy class overall.
5.0 : Aguas is the best professor I have ever had.  Brings his Fortune 100 experience to the classroom.  Teaches concepts &amp; how to apply them practically.  I learned to write &amp; present better.  He challenged me out of my comfort zone.   Highly recommend, awesome professor.  Attendance &amp; participation are important, so show up and be on time.
5.0 : Prof Aguas (or Jake as he let us call him) is so awesome and helpful. By far, one of my all time favorite professors/teachers! He uses great examples whether it is a Seinfeld clip or his experience from being an exec with Chase Bank. My favorite part about his teaching is that his theme is "anxiety: low, learning: high." His teaching is great!
5.0 : Professor Aguas gives you every chance to grow and succeed as a person and business leader both inside and outside the classroom. He is always available to talk about the course, help you fine-tune a cover letter for an internship, or even have a friendly conversation over coffee. You will never regret taking this course with Professor Aguas.
5.0 : Hands down, the best Prof at Biola! He mixes the concepts from the book with real life situations. Credible because he has worked at Chase in a high level position so I believe what he says. He helped my prep my resume and for an interview for a position I didn't think I could get - I got it! He believed in me even when I didn't believe in myself.
5.0 : I highly recommend Prof Aguas! He truly cares for his students and their learning. The class was a 3 hour block, but he gives lots of breaks and keeps your attention through video clips and discussion. He facilitates real world application of econ and is always motivating and inspiring his students. Do the reading, participate and you'll get an A.
5.0 : Prof. Aguas is an awesome professor. He understands his subject and is passionate about seeing his students succeed. He really tries to set students up for success in both his class and the work environment. Definitely recommend his classes.
5.0 : Professor Aguas is hands down the best professor I have ever had.  He is very enthusiastic and serious about his role as a professor. He goes above and beyond the usual professor in the sense that he honestly and sincerely cares about each and every student and wants each student to gain knowledge that they will use frequently throughout their life
5.0 : Jake is my favorite prof so far in college. His lectures are interesting, refreshing, and I genuinely look forward to his class each week. I loved economics in high school, but after taking this class I have such a better understanding and I feel confident in applying what I learned in class. There are occasional quizzes, and one HUGE group project
4.5 : Professor Aguas is a great teacher! I'm in a three hour class that he teaches, but it seems to go by a lot faster than my other classes due to his interesting stories and lively attitude. He is also very encouraging! Take a class or two with him! :)
5.0 : Aguas is a fantastic professor. He cares about his students and is always willing to help! Best business professor I've had yet. Highly, highly recommend! There are quizzes every couple weeks but he reviews the material before hand.
5.0 : Great teacher. Respects students time and spends will help as much as you need.
5.0 : Jake Aguas is my favorite professor at Biola! He deeply cares for his students, and is extremely passionate about economics. His lectures are interesting, and his class went by fast each week (and I took a 3 hour class!) Make sure you read the book, and come to class, and you will do great! I would HIGHLY recommend  Professor Aguas!!!!!
5.0 : He is the best professor. You will know all of his expectations from the syllabus right from the start. One group project. He is understanding and wants the best for you always.
5.0 : Participation matters, clear grading criteria, caring, and would take again are also true.
5.0 : Amazing professor. I had a tough semester and he was very understanding. would recommend
4.0 : He is a really laid back professor who wants to help you learn. Lectures are not super intense, and are mainly class discussion based. Their are a couple long papers, but he doesn't grade too hard. I really enjoyed his constitutional law class and would recommend it!
4.0 : Professor Guerra is an awesome teacher. He gives great lectures and we always had fun class discussions. He also is a sports fanatic so that was cool too.
5.0 : I had Professor Guerra for Survey of American Government and it was fantastic! The lectures were always insightful, albeit sometimes a bit boring, but overall it was a great class. Do the work it's really easy- think of it as free points. Tests are pretty simple as well, everything on the study guide expect to be on the test. Easy A, if u try a lil
5.0 : Really engaging, easy-going, and informative. There are short papers and assignments but nothing too difficult and all useful. Only 3 multiple choice exams given. She is very interested in making the content not cumbersome and opening up discussion whenever. Lectures are jam-packed with information. I enjoyed this class!
5.0 : Beautiful face and gentle freckles.  Very funny and wise and does cute drawings on the board.  If I had to take philosophy, I'm glad it was from him because he is a delight!  Oh and we watched the Matrix.
5.0 : Though boring at times as far as subject matter, Evan did a great job of connecting material to real-life situations and was a very charismatic and relatable sweet guy. Also funny. He wants you to do well.
3.0 : Work due on Sunday night even though class is on Tuesday, he makes you turn things in in PDF format (weird) and then ALSO bring a paper copy to class (cause he hate trees). A lot of his lectures go over students heads and he has a tendency to go off topic very easily, but he's super cute and nice. You can tell he cares about his students.
5.0 : Professor Cid is passionate about what he teaches and varies the methods he teaches the material, though generally it is through lecture. He is open to any suggestions to make the course better so that we learn more. He is also flexible with some assignments; writing competency done in this class as well as a few tests and quizzes.
4.5 : Professor Cid is one of the most amazing professors I have had at Biola. He genuinely cares about his students, and wants to see them succeed/will go out of his way to ensure it. For his first time teaching a college class he did great. Participate in class, get to know him, go to office hours and it will be one of the most rewarding semesters.
4.0 : Loved professor Enete! All of his lectures and homework are online so it makes it much easier to understand. This class is very easy if you stay on top of the online lectures and homework quizzes. Although Enete is such a nice guy, going to class is really pointless as you can learn everything from the lecture vids, but attendance is mandatory.
4.0 : Great professor. She's willing to work with you and is very helpful.
5.0 : If you want to learn how to act, take Zach. His classes are fun but also challenging. Sometimes, you won't understand an exercise at first, but it all comes together. He is one of the most caring and responsive teachers I've ever had. You know he genuinely loves his students and would do anything for them. And he looks a little like Leo.
5.0 : In just a year-and-a-half Zach has taught us so much. Acting - Stanislavski, Adler, Hagen, Meisner, Strasberg, Morris, Mamet &amp; Practical Aesthetics. Voice &amp; Speech -Linklater. Stage Combat - Unarmed. Theatrical Makeup. Playwrighting. Shakespeare. Auditioning and the Business of Acting. Movement - Lugering, Laban, Chekhov, etc. Take care of him!
4.5 : I wasn't sure what to expect from this class, wasn't even really looking forward to it. But it turned out to be my favorite of the semester; maybe even the best I had at Biola. Be prepared -it is an upper division writing class, so you write - a lot.  But I really loved the play I wrote, and have Zach to thank for my growth.
5.0 : Theatre Makeup was my favorite class I took in my whole career at Biola. The environment was so chill.  You come in one day and watch Zach put on the makeup design for the week and learn how to do it.  You create the design for your face, then apply it the next class. We did so much cool stuff - old age, animal, fantasy, wounds, burns, and scars.
5.0 : dude's syllabi are intimidating but don't let it scare you. he does it to help you answer any questions you might have. he expects good work, but he's chill. basically, there's no one who you'd rather hear your stuff stinks from, because he tells you what works and where you can grow, and people do. you see it.
5.0 : Zach is an amazing  teacher. I took him for Beginning Acting my freshman year and I have never had a more passionate drive for theater. He assigns journal entries every week which are tedious at first, but he actually reads them and uses them to run the class. He gives amazing feedback on scenes that really will grow you as an actor.
5.0 : Class was really different than what I was expecting. He starts with some icebreaker discussion related to the current chapter, lectures for a bit, then does discussion in a group. Each class there is quiz, but done in a creative way. Learning Log projects are creative and relate to what you learn in class. Final is creating own production.
5.0 : Zach is a genuinely amazing professor. He genuinely cares about his students and desires for them to succeed in their acting carrier. He can be a tough grader, but it is all to help you improve as an actor. 10 out of 10 recommend.
5.0 : Professor Zapata was an awesome guy who always put a smile on my face. He is one of the coolest guys I know and I would take him for all my biology classes if I could
4.0 : Great professor, really cares about his students and is very passionate about science and God and tries to make us think about how God can be applied every topic we talk about. Gives hints of quiz before and it is basically what is on the quiz. Overall great guy!
5.0 : Extremely compassionate professor who genuinely cares about his stdents. Very friendly, always willing to help. He sends out a weekly email of what to expect on the weekly quiz. Then, before the quiz, he takes questions from the class on anything that anyone is confused about. 10/10 in my book.
5.0 : He is very clear about what he requires of his students. He is caring and willing to help students. He is passionate about science and loves his job! Easy work load. One quiz per week but the workload is easy
3.0 : This class has a lot of papers, however she only has to tests and they are for reading and a memorization. She is a tough grader so expect a low grade on your papers. The reading is not too hard you just need to skim it. With two papers a week be prepared to pay attention as the lectures will guide you. She does not post notes so be there.
5.0 : Prof. Tan tries very hard to make her lectures engaging and shows how much she cares by being relatable and open. There's a short paper due each week, but she honestly doesn't grade too hard. She likes a certain format to the papers so as long as you mention everything she asks for, you'll do fine (I got all As except for 2 Bs out of 11 papers).
5.0 : Prof tan is very intelligent and the class is very engaging and fun. this is my favorite class of the semester. the homework is mostly small essays each week on analyzing bible passages. I have learned so much from the class. Please make sure you start your homework early or else you might be up all night trying to finish it.
5.0 : Very kind and intelligent woman. She may grade tough, but she gives good feedback on papers, and gives pretty self explanatory rubrics for the many papers. Final was fairly easy with scripture memorization and 10 page paper. You are able to miss a couple times without it effecting your grade but attendance for lectures are very important.
4.0 : Be prepared for a lot of assignments, very caring, explains assignments clearly
4.0 : If you are a premed/science major, DO NOT TAKE; if you have time and you want to substantially improve writing, this is your guy. Extremely diffcult grader on papers but lets you revise &amp; resubmit them after giving very helpful feedback. However, this means your writing/revising a 4-9 paper every week (plus hefty busy work) if you want an A.
5.0 : I have never grown in my writing ability so much in this short amount of time. Sure, he can be a little tough of a grader, but with his clear and concise advise for revisions, it is relatively easy to get your paper grades up to an A. If you have the chance to take his class, do it!
5.0 : His class is somewhat on the easier side since there is only 1 major paper throughout the semester. His classes are lecture heavy but the lectures themselves are extremely interesting if you stay engaged. Truly cares about his students and wants them to succeed. Would recommend!
5.0 : Had Tim for Logic at Talbot. Can't do philosophy without logic. Lots of aspiring philosophers make tons of mistakes because they suck at logic. So take this class seriously. Tim is a clear, engaging teacher. Tim's pros: smart, funny, witty, boat shoes, great personality. Cons: Calvinism. Denies presentism. Standing desk braggadocio.
4.0 : Super easy Foundations professor. Assigns reading every class but you can definitely pass without reading, though it can be helpful because he covers the same material in class. Quizzes are super easy and straightforward, only one paper the entire semester and exams are not bad at all. Know the dates on the syllabus and you'll easily pass w an A
5.0 : He's really funny. He talks a lot, but hes clear about it.
5.0 : Very cool guy. Sincerely wants everyone in his class gain a better understanding of everything he teaches. Only a midterm and final for exams, but quite a few short quizzes based on lectures in class, as well as some that required memorization of verses and the Apostle's Creed. Only one paper.
4.0 : Prof McHugh is solid choice for Account. I.  The class is hard, no denying it.  However, he gives very clear explanations in class &amp; really cares about his students.  The tests are hard--no multiple choice like the other professor.  Suggest you study with a group, go over the homework &amp; study guides. Go to free group tutoring early in yr.
5.0 : Take Accounting with McHugh! He always provides a study guide and explains everything thoroughly. I would not say his class is easy, but definitely easier than the other professors! He is very nice, and always willing to help.
5.0 : For Screenwriting majors, you'll take a lot of classes from Professor Tucker. She's absolutely fantastic: smart, creative, and wise. Her classes are writing heavy (makes sense for the major), and although the workload seems intense, her grading is fair and helpful. Reading helps improve your writing. Her quizzes are simple. Plenty of extra credit!
5.0 : Prof Kerry has been a good choice for stats. She makes the material clear (as clear as stats can be).  She gets what its like to be a student and has a lot of grace for us because of it. She also clearly cares about her students and wants them to do well. The class is hard, as stats is hard, but she is a good prof to get you through it.
4.0 : Prof. Horrell is super kind and caring. Her lectures are straightforward, her tests are easy and she gives so much grades and free extra credit for every test. She is also willing to spend time personally with you to answer your questions and help you do well in tests. Definitely recommend her for psych classes.
5.0 : There are not enough professors like prof Kerry. She was kind and compassionate to me, despite my ignorance. And because of that, I actually was able to see my ignorance and learn and grow. I didnt really know what to think of Psychology of Gender (mostly took it because of the time), but it was what I needed. Seriously, just take the class.
5.0 : Learning from and getting to know professor Kim has been one of the greatest blessings during my time at Biola. I have full respect for his heart for students and Christ and also for his amazing skills to interact with students and teach physics.
5.0 : TAKE HIS CLASSES!!! You will regret if you dont!!!
5.0 : Professor Kim is a great professor for the general physical course. He puts so much time and effort into his students and he really cares about your performance in the course. I definitely recommend him to anyone who has to take physics at Biola.
5.0 : David really takes an interest in his students. He constantly expresses his care for us and his desire to get to know us better.
5.0 : Professor Kim took every opportunity to help us in class. He constantly went out of his way to make sure that we understood what we were learning. He is one of the most selfless and caring teachers I have ever had and I will not soon forget him. He is an amazing man. You will be doing yourself a favor by taking his class.
5.0 : Professor Bumsang Kim is one of the most caring professor I have ever met. He is a natural and he knows what he is doing. He is passionate and one professor that you will never forget!!
5.0 : Dr. Kim is easily one of my favorite professors, and a major reason why I got the grade in physics that I did.  He's caring, efficient, and very clear with his descriptions of course material.  He also prioritizes learning over paperwork.  I am so sad that I didn't get to take physics with him; he's easily one of my favorite profs here at Biola.
5.0 : best prof ever, will take time to teach those who don't understand hard topics
5.0 : Professor Kim is the best professor I have ever had in my entire academic journey and will ever be. He spent countless number of hours to help us outside class and showed us his passion and love for us in all possible ways. Although physics was definitely one of the hardest subject I have ever encountered, he made this class enjoyable and doable.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had in my academic career. He truely cares about who you are and wants to see you improve no matter where you are coming from. He is always willing to help no matter how much you are struggling and will NEVER belittle you if you don't understand. TAKE HIS CLASS!
5.0 : Professor Kim goes above and beyond to help his students. He provided so much extra help through study sessions and tutoring, and wouldn't give up until we truly understood. He makes his expectations very clear and is very organized and thorough. His passion for physics is contagious, which really helps with the difficulty of the material.
5.0 : Professor Kim's dedication and commitment to care each student with love of Christ are indescribable. I cannot thank him enough how much I was able to grow spiritually, emotionally, and academically through countless amount of time and effort he put for us. It's pretty sad that not every professor can do what professor Kim does for students.
5.0 : It's professor Kim. Period. Ask anyone who took his class and everyone will say the same thing: he is the best. Like what everyone mentioned here he should be praised for all that he does for his students. He sacrifices himself for his students in so many different ways. If you are taking his classes, lucky you. You know you made the right choice.
5.0 : Professor Kim is amazing. He is very smart and loves the students. He wants you to succeed. He will help you in any means possible. Very clear in how he teaches. Physics could not have been better with Professor Kim. I don't know what else to say but that Professor Kim is awesome!
5.0 : He is very caring and helpful when you ask for help. I recommend taking his classes!!
5.0 : What a great professor! Not only he cares about students and helps them literally anytime anywhere, but he is actually really good at explaining difficult physics concepts in much easier way. There were many times when I finally understood things from the lecture after he explained it for us during our lab sessions. I'm so taking his classes again!
5.0 : Professor Kim is very caring, he takes his time to explain complicated physics concepts so that each and every student can understand and comprehend.  He is very passionate and it shows each time he takes an extra hour or two lecturing, BUT its definitely worth it, especially when you have an exam the very next day.
5.0 : hes super cool and explains the answers really clearly. kind of has an accent but its easy to understand. overall great prof
5.0 : Professor Kim is a great professor. Anyone can tell how much he cares about his students, especially when he spares extra time to help us outside class. Whenever he tells us to do something, he explains why we need to do it in order to keep us motivated. Also, his passion for physics really inspired me to like physics more.
5.0 : This class was the hardest class I have ever taken just because I'm not good at math. But thanks to Professor Kim's selfless effort to help us I now understand both physics and math! There were few times I wanted to give up but I couldn't because I knew he wouldn't give up on me. He is the one professor who cares about his students and their lives.
5.0 : Typical PE class, Dr Peterson really cares about his students. Feel free to talk to him about anything and he will give you his honest opinion and genuine advice.
5.0 : Professor is really great and cares about his students. I recommend taking it with him, you will learn a lot and there isn't a ton of work involved.
5.0 : Peterson is a great prof with tons of knowledge in his field. He is very willing to work with you so you can be successful in this class. He is also looking to make this class online in future semesters, so here's hoping!
5.0 : Dr. Peterson loves health and wellness. He also is a great guy who knows a lot about the subject matter. Good guy, good class for a PE.
5.0 : Dr. Peterson was student friendly and great person! He planned his lectures according to midterms and finals. He wasn't a stickler about assignments. (Also his assignments weren't useless! Actually helpful/eye opening!) He was understanding and super nice. I throughly enjoyed his class and I would definitely take him again for a different course!
5.0 : He's super enthusiastic and cares not only about his subject but about his students. Really knowledgeable, chill, fun guy.
4.0 : Dr. P is an awesome professor! He gives great feedback and is super fun!
5.0 : I took him for Health and Wellness; it was a very stress free class with no exams or quizzes!
5.0 : He is a great professor, very laid back, will meet you where you're at in terms of exercise. Highly recommend.
4.0 : He knows his stuff, he likes to talk a lot. He is very personable and easy with grades. No tests, quizzes, or a final. If you want an easy, refreshing course where participation and basic activity matters this is the class for you.
5.0 : Great Professor! Took his Health and Wellness class. He is always energetic and ready to discuss any questions you have
4.0 : If you're looking for an easy, almost-no-work class, TAKE THIS ONE. Not only is Dr. Peterson kind, super funny, and easy to talk to, but he's extremely chill with work load and attendance. I turned in half of my assignments past their due date and he was fine with it. He doesn't take attendance! If you need an easy class, this one is the best.
5.0 : The class itself was very easy. Once and awhile he will pass our participation worksheets at the beginning of class and let us out early. Attendance isn't  crazy, but if you miss something you will miss it. It is an easy class and I recommend others taking this. Great class!!
5.0 : Definitely a professor you will want to have if you have to take any of his classes. He cares for students, fun and engaging, and as long as you do all of the assignments you can get an A in the class.
5.0 : Dr. Peterson is great! His energy makes the class fun and he's super knowledgeable. He's a great communicator and is super charismatic. He'll answer any health related questions that you have. The class is super easy, just do your participation paragraphs and fitworks. No tests/quizzes/final and you don't need the book
5.0 : Great professor who knows what he is talking about. Highly Recommend.
3.0 : This is a 1-credit class so it's very simple. There are assignments every week but they are very simple to complete.
5.0 : Weights is just a one unit PE, and he treats it as such. As long as your show up more then you don't and do the exercises,  you're going to do fine. There is one quiz towards the beginning of the semester. I forgot about it and passed. The 2 practical exams are super easy. If you forget something he'll help you out. Real nice guy.  Solid Prof.
5.0 : This was a Weight Training class that happened in the morning at 8:30 AM, and Dr. Peterson was always cheerful and helped and encouraged his students. Even though weight training can be intimidating especially for beginners like myself, Dr. Peterson was very helpful.  Not strict on attendance.
5.0 : I think doing the Program Design was a really good idea - however, I also think that it should have been mentioned more in class.  Also, to start a good weight lifting lifestyle, one needs to know when to work out what, like a schedule of when to do arms, when to do legs, when to do core, and so on.  I think that this would have been beneficial.
5.0 : Dr. Petereson was a great professor. His class was a fairly simple and straight-forward 1 unit class, but he was very engaging, interactive, and knowledgeable. He also covered a lot of different topics and some of the assignments actually helped me improve in health and exercise in my life. I definitely recommend this class!
5.0 : Awesome teacher! Straight forward tests and super engaging and helpful!
5.0 : Dr. Peterson is so enthusiastic about health and fitness. He really cared about the students in the class, offering feedback in technique. He is also incredibly positive and happy, so if you're having a bad day, make sure to go to class cause his presence will lift your spirit!
4.0 : Professor is very sweet &amp; genuinely cares about the well-being of his students ! He also explains material very well ! Easy A
5.0 : Dr. P is a really kind and chill teacher.
4.0 : He loves to get to know his students and is suuuuuuper friendly! Really down-2-earth
5.0 : Dr. Peterson is a caring and thorough professor. He makes himself fully accessible and responds extremely quick to emails. He is very well with compromising with students and truly wants the best for us and our success. I would recommend him to anyone !
5.0 : Not difficult, but be sure to do all the exercises and hw on time.
5.0 : Dr. Peterson is fantastic. His Health and Wellness class was fun. Not too much work involved and always consistent. He graded things super quickly and was gracious when things were turned in late. The last few classes he gave us our assignment and we went home. :) Would take another class from him.
5.0 : Recommend to anybody
5.0 : I like the fit-work:)
5.0 : Dr. Peterson cares about making the information something that actually applies to the field we are working toward. He gives the student opportunities to speak and bring in knowledge they have already acquired to help them understand the material better. Take classes with him... seriously.... do it!
5.0 : You don't have to know anything about weight lifting to be in this class! Dr. P was one of the best Prof's I've had!! He is super encouraging and easy to talk to about weight lifting goals and life in general. I highly recommend him!
5.0 : Go into the class with a heart to participate. Half of the class learning will be your input. Dr. P does a great job adapting to the various careers in the Kinesiology field. He can discuss aspects of P.E. and coaching, PT and also research in the science field. Also, his high energy will encourage to participate in class.
5.0 : Great professor! Dr. P is incredibly smart and you can tell in his lectures that he knows what he's talking about. Definitely made the class easier with his explanations and analogies on the material.  He gives fair and timely feedback on everything turned in. Definitely recommend him as a professor no matter what class you take with him.
5.0 : Dr. Peterson makes the material fun and he is clearly passionate about what he does. It was a good PE class to take
4.0 : I really enjoyed taking this class
5.0 : Dr. Peterson is a Chill guy and if you are taking him for a PE class you should have a good time. He is very easy and to the point. If you have any questions he is more than willing to answer them and he will help you with your technique.  Easy PE class and I would recommend him to anyone.
5.0 : I took Peterson for Motor Learning and loved it. He is always super upbeat and positive. He genuinely loves teaching and wants his students to do well. There's easy homework every week that boosts your grade. He'll never test you on something he doesn't cover in class and the tests are pretty straightforward. Great prof!!!!
5.0 : Prof Williamson was so great. There were quite a few novels to read, but you could have passed without reading them honestly. The class is discussion heavy though, so come prepared with something to say because she will call on you. I enjoyed her world lit class and learned a ton about diversity in literature
5.0 : A really sweet professor. She really cares about British literature and has a wealth of knowledge about it. Tries her best to make the content of the class applicable to real life. Some of the readings are really dry, but overall the class is really good. She breaks down the texts and has the class discuss about works often.
4.0 : Dr Williamson is a good professor. She pushes her students to participate in group discussions because she wants to make sure her students understand the books that theyre reading. She grades your participation, so participate.
4.0 : You can tell Professor Faulkner genuinely cares for her students, she even brings in treats sometimes. In class you watch a lot of Gangland videos,  and there are occasional quizzes on the reading. Just do the reading and you'll do fine. Midterm/final are easy, she basically gives you all the answers the class before. Can't wait to take her again.
4.0 : She's super chill and helpful.  As long as you keep up with you labs and start your glucose paper early, you'll be fine. She's an easy grader, and gives you study guides for the lab tests
5.0 : Professor Bongoyok was an amazing professor!  He made class interesting and really wanted to engage with the students.  He has a wonderful sense of humor and really wants everyone to pass, so the tests are very easy to pass.  Just do the reading and write the papers on time and you'll be fine. If you have the chance to take a class with him, do it!
5.0 : Took his intro to communications class and it was awesome. He forces you to just get up there and speak. He is really encouraging and honestly just want you to get up there and rock it. He made me a better student and a greater communicator. Take this guys class.
3.0 : Super intense and aggressive. 50% off the time, the class was super uncomfortable. He is a cool guy, but a hard teacher. Would recommend trying to get into another class.
5.0 : Dr. Moe is an overall great teacher. I hate public speaking but he really encouraged me to do better. He genuinely cares about his students and wants them to improve their public speaking skills. He is very energetic and talks fast, the entire three hours given for class time is never used, the class will almost always get out early. Great guy.
5.0 : By far one of the most fun classes I have ever taken. I was nervous going into his class because of my fear of public speaking, but he made it exciting and engaging to be in class. Plus, if you take his three hour classes, he will almost always end within an hour and a half.
4.0 : Dr. Moe has a very unconventional teaching style. He expects a lot effort from his students but is accessible, doesn't assign busy work, and is intentional about teaching the argumentation tools. He also plays music so students don't fall asleep which makes it easy to focus. This course pushed me out of my comfort zone but was well worth the work.
5.0 : Amazing class, powerful lecturer, and he's not to hard on the eyes either.
5.0 : Great professor! Really cares about her students and does fun review classes!
4.0 : Great and cool professor. Shows he is willing to do whatever he can to help you pass.
5.0 : Professor Wolfe has got to be one of the best math professor's I've ever had the privilege to sit under. He's obviously been teaching for a while and utilizes effective learning/speaking techniques. Yeah, you gotta participate, do homework, and study, but if you're a capable student, you can get a great grade, and have an enjoyable time in class.
5.0 : He's a prodigy of mathematics and a wizard at capturing the student's attention and inspiring everyone to be passionate about calculus. He's the best math professor I've ever taken!
5.0 : She is the most amazing Prof ever!!! I was so scared going into 201 as a transfer student, because it was my first foreign language class at Biola. Professor Reyes makes each and every student comfortable, and works with them until they reach their full potential. Study for the exams, and you will excel. Amazing professor. I highly recommend her.
5.0 : Prof Reyes is an amazing professor. pretty hard in the beginning of the semester, the work load is a bit of a surprise. However, as the semester went on it became my favorite class. she really challenges you to learn which is great If you are interested in learning the language. I have seen a lot of improvement in my speaking/writing skills.
2.0 : You have to write over 20 papers for the semester. You have at least 2 papers a week. Her lectures were not interesting and she would just read her slides and is not experienced in teaching.
4.0 : There were about 2 papers per week (some took about an hour, some took multiple or more), 0 tests, the midterm was memorization of a passage, and the final was repeating the same passage memorized for the midterm. There is also a good amount of reading. Lectures were interesting but she mainly read from power point slides. Very caring professor!
5.0 : Dr. Hagen was a very kind and fair professor. I was very nervous about my first semester in Greek, as I heard it was hard. But Dr. Hagen made the experience very pleasant. She gave extra credit opportunities on quizzes, dropped you lowest 3, and let us know what to study for quizzes and exams. The only way you won't do well is if you don't try.
5.0 : She is amazing nd she just changed the way she teaches her bib interp class to its easier. You used to have to do al the SIM papers but now you only need to do 5 of them. Its great you learn a lot and she is a great caring person. Highly recommend. She is my favorite Bible class teacher so far.
5.0 : Dr. Hagen is truly one of the most caring professors I've ever had. Along with this caring nature, her love of the Lord pours out on her students in many ways. Yes, sometimes the class can get a tad overwhelming. However; the hard work I've have put in has helped me grown as a student as well as a Christian. I highly recommend taking BBST 103 w her
4.0 : Dr. Hagen is an incredible person who truly cares for each student. She is passionate about what she is teaching and emphasizes personal growth over academic growth to some degree. She allows you to connect with her, she wants to know you and your journey. TWO papers a week, but it gets MUCH easier as you go through the class. Would take again!
5.0 : Fantastic teacher. Lots of smaller reading reflection papers, but not too hard. Strict with deadlines, but can be gracious with a good excuse. Mostly lecture in class, but is engaging with students and allows for verbally processing.  Occupational experience helps to put concepts into practical examples. Prioritizes student understanding. 10/10
5.0 : Professor Schultz was an amazing Professor who cared about his students growth in Chemistry.
5.0 : Great guy, you can really tell he has a passion for what he teaches and really cares about his students.
5.0 : He is by far the most passionate professor for chemistry I have ever had. He genuinely cares about the students and wants to see them succeed, learn and grow. Professor Schultz also has such a kind heart and is all around an excellent teacher.
5.0 : Steven Schultz showed a true, passionate interest in his students. He always stayed after class and had late office hours to attend to our needs. He always gave me positive feedback when I pleased his expectations. I would absolutely take him again.
5.0 : THIS MAN IS AMAZING. He is such an amazing professor. He is very realistic, being that Biola is a religious school, he does a great job at trying to get his students out of this holy bubble, into the real world. His philosophy labs are very interesting. He challenges students to think outside their comfort zone.   P.s. He's not hard to look at ;)
5.0 : Dr. D. is the man to be ;) He gives clear and concise lectures that really make the content accessible for undergraduates. He is also funny and hot.
3.0 : Class is structured around 3 challenging essay exams(50%), a long-term project(20%), writing journals(15%), and some other assignments. The essays exams are crucial in order to pass and will be rather difficult. Taught by two teachers, this class is lecture-heavy. These lectures are absolutely important for your success on the essay exams.
5.0 : McMartin adds brilliant perspective to lectures, and is great at answering questions that students purpose. His lectures are very intellectual.
5.0 : This Prof is amazing! She really wants to help her students become excellent teachers. She is so specific with her feedback and helps you learn after every assignment. She is incredibly practical in giving advice for assignments and in lectures. Absolutely my favorite professor in 4 years at Biola. She has high expectations, but helps you meet them
5.0 : Professor Brendon is a great, engaging lecturer and provides helpful feedback. He's understanding and takes account to how the course work affects his students. His non-profit works also allows students to understand practical ways to real-life problems.
4.0 : Weekly assignments are easy, but require effort and actual resource material to complete. The projects and assignments are engaging, and help find quality and meaning to the material. Understanding professor who can give positive feedback while demanding a strict time restriction on assignments.
5.0 : Professor Anthony is awesome! There is a little bit of reading involved in the assignments and a discussion post, but it really is not bad at all. The information is actually interesting, so it is not a lot of work. He also provides great feedback, which is really helpful.
4.0 : He definitely demonstrates passion for the subject. This online class is mostly reading and discussion based. The course material is very interesting and truly eye opening. He gives good feedback and is clear about what is expected. He genuinely cares for each student, and encourages application by designing a mock non-profit project. Great class!
5.0 : Global Development and Ecological Sustainability was my favorite class, Professor Anthony is a great professor who cares about his students and teaches very well. The topics are really interesting and so are the books. If you turn in everything and do well on the few essays and projects, you will get an A!
5.0 : He is a great professor and you can tell that he really cares about he is teaching. He tries his best to explain everything in great detail so that you understand the material. He cares about how the students are doing in the class. There is a lot of reading but the reading is some of the most interesting reading ever.
5.0 : I took this class online, and there was one 500 word discussion per week plus three 100 word replies. There's only one 6-8 page paper and one 6-8 page project. He is very passionate about his field and the material is super relatable and interesting to learn about. There's a lot of reading but you can get away with skimming and still learn a lot!:)
