3.5 : Dr. McDonald is hilarious and kind. He cares about his student's success and is always willing to explain things multiple times to assure everyone understands. This is a statistics course so it was very difficult, but as long as you read the material, attend class, and ask as many questions as you can, you should be fine.
3.0 : I've taken many classes with Dr. M and, as expected, this course was tough but enjoyable. He has high expectations for his students which makes for a good challenge. There are quizzes each class, several papers, and presentations. Unfortunately, he was not as clear about assignments this semester as in the past.
5.0 : Professor Raymond is the best professor I have had. I have studied at 3 different colleges and I am glad I ended up here at BSU, Raymond knows his stuff and enjoys teaching what he knows. Def take one of his classes if you get the chance to do so. As long as you show up to class and take notes and suds for the tests then you'll pass with an A or B.
4.5 : I absolutely love Dr. Raymond! He is one of the best professors in the PoliSci department! Class is like story time, only tests on what he lectures, and has such an interesting life that you just want to hear more! Do not take Russian Politics from anyone but him! You will NOT regret your decision! Only grades are three exams, but they are easy!
3.0 : Dr Gill is a great professor. She keeps the class engaged and she loves what she does. She does assign a lot of reading and she has quizzes almost every week. She grades the Mid-Term and Finals very harshly and expects you to write a take-home essay in an hour.
4.5 : This is such a well rounded class. You will learn new things. There are weekly reading quizzes but helps for learning the material.  No FINAL!
5.0 : Dr. Gill is absolutely amazing! Her multi-cultural history class is a course that should be a requirement for undergraduate programs. She is energetic &amp; passionate &amp; it shows in her lectures. Course materials are relevant and interesting. Good amount of reading, take-home essay exams, quizzes and short writing assignments. You will learn the truth!
5.0 : One of the best classes I've ever taken. Dr. Woods is a great story teller, communicator, and humanitarian. He made Eastern Civ come alive for us. Take this class!
5.0 : He will give a clicker quiz at the beginning of each class, but is he is very knowledgable on the subject and teaches with a lot of passion. For anyone looking for a UF to take I 100% recommend taking The Biggest Questions
5.0 : Dr. Woods is the most incredible lecturer you will ever have. Hands down.
4.5 : I cannot recommend Dr. Woods highly enough.  He genuinely cares about his students and is very passionate.  His lectures are thought provoking (sometimes controversial, but to the aim of having active though processes).  Clicker quizzes every class, so make sure to keep on top of the reading and take notes during lecture.
4.5 : Great Professer and very knowledgeable and into his topic. Wants to make it fun. The History Book of Japan was boring and at time hard to read but it did relate a lot to what he talked about in class. Defiantly like this proffesor
5.0 : The biggest questions is a great option for a UF 100 class. It was my favorite class I took that semester and I found it useful and interesting and not hard either. It's about worldview and religion and really gets you thinking. You'll do readings every week and a group project. The professors Woods and Moore were nice and awesome.
5.0 : This professor is very passionate about his work.  He cares about you and whether you pass.  He is very knowledgeable of the economies of Asia and America.  This is a very insightful class.  There is definitely some reading to be done, but it is very interesting.
5.0 : Dr. Woods is amazing. I loved his class and wish I could take another.
5.0 : Awesome guy with amazing stories and a teaching style that makes your mind work. His lectures are well spoken and very knowledgeable. Dr. Woods knows a lot about his field. He is also very caring and wants you to succeed, and makes an effort to know his students personally. This is an awesome class to go to and get your mind working!
4.0 : Dr. Woods is an amazing professor that gives great lectures. At points it felt like I was watching a tv show. Attendance is necessary because there are quizzes every day. They are not hard as long as you do the reading.
5.0 : An incredibly nice and down-to-earth man. The best lecturer I've ever had! He keeps you engaged in the material, and is super knowledgeable. I had him for UF100 and HIST121 and wish I could take more classes from him. Lots of readings to do and a couple of books for HIST121 but they're both interesting. The clicker quizzes are my only complaint.
3.5 : He was genuinely a really nice guy and you can tell he's passionate about the subject. However, the weekly quizzes can be difficult if you don't work well under pressure seeing as though you are timed and given less than a minute per question. He can also be a tough grader when it comes to essays. Really cool guy, but class isn't easy.
5.0 : I cannot recommend  Dr. Woods enough. This class was by far the best I have ever taken. He brings so much energy to his lectures, and you can tell he cares about what he is teaching. Make sure to come to class and do the readings. It is a tough class, but he is very helpful and wants every student to succeed. I would take one of his classes again.
3.0 : Although Dr. Woods is an amazing lecturer, the class itself was difficult. Clicker quizzes started right at the beginning of class and are the only thing he grades on (other than what's done in discussion groups). If you don't complete the readings and watch the videos each week you will not do well in this class. The quizzes are very specific.
1.0 : Woods is a prof who seems, on the surface, to be pro-student. In getting to know him more, I found him to be rather duplicitous. Same tests, lectures, and no real depth to the guy. Eastern civ is a well-practiced show without a heart. Not available or interested in helping those who want to do further research. Sort of phony.
5.0 : I cannot stress just how far Dr. Woods will go to help you. He cares very deeply about his students, and nails every lecture. I recommend attending each lecture, because he does a much better job of putting things in perspective than his books, which there were I think 6 of (all cheap). Definitely my highest recommendation at Boise State
5.0 : Shelton Woods is an amazing professor. Although the class is extremely boring, it is a requirement so you might as well pick a professor that cares about his students and clearly knows what he is talking about. He relates a lot of his lectures to everyday life which makes it easier to listen to. He is a very understanding of anyone needed help.
5.0 : Dr. Woods is absolutely amazing. At the moment, his History 121 class is the one class I am not currently getting an A in, but it's so interesting and inspirational that I would take the class even if I didn't get credit for it. Dr. Woods is a very understanding professor, if a little strict, and I would absolutely take his class again.
5.0 : Dr. Woods is awesome! Taking his classes are pretty difficult and require a lot of work outside of class but it is definitely worth it. He is not only great at communicating knowledge but his lectures are very inspiring and have so much great life applications. He is a really great guy and pushes his students to succeed in the class room and life
5.0 : Dr. Woods is amazing. He is extremely helpful, and his lectures are interesting. He wants to help you, but you have to ask for it. You just have to keep an eye on his syllabus and try not to forget the reading assignments. Would take this class again.
4.0 : Very interesting lectures and pretty philosophy based. He has had an interesting life and loves to share. Only homework is a short quiz for attendance once a week based on a short reading or video.
5.0 : Dr. Woods is an amazing professor. His lectures are very inspiring and he carries himself exceptionally well. He genuinely cares about people and his job. You need to do your work to pass this class and it isn't something you can breeze by.
5.0 : This class gave me a lot ideas how life is, and how to be a good person not just yourself but for everybody.
5.0 : Have so much respect for him, favorite teacher.
5.0 : The most amazing, brilliant man I've ever known. I have been more inspired to learn about school and myself than in any other class at BSU. By far the best lecturer I've ever had, knows his stuff. Cares about his students. Passionate about the world and making it a better place. Can't say enough nice things about him he is amazing!
2.5 : Great lectures, only down fall is you better be ready to read 50 pages or more for the quiz.
3.0 : Cool dude. Boring class, clicker quiz every monday.
2.5 : Only class in my college career I have received a C in. Each week there is a clicker quiz on the last weeks reading. I accidentally misplaced my clicker one morning and the professor was no help when I a asked if there was anything I could do to make up some points. I worked the rest of the semester to try and get my grade up. Never again.
4.0 : Prof. Woods is not for everyone. His demeanor is very calm, almost sedate, but he is very interested in student success and very well prepared. This was an online course, and he provided a schedule including lecture video length and estimated time to complete quizzes. Very helpful for planning.
5.0 : Dr .Woods makes his students earn their grade. This is not a fly-by class. That being said, if you read the material and do the required homework, you will do very well. I am a fan of his lectures because the time flies by. He is very passionate about the big questions and cares for his students. Not an easy UF 100 though.
4.0 : I really liked Dr. Woods - he's a fascinating person - but his class has quizzes every time we meet that he typically doesn't allow make-ups for. There is a lot reading but his lectures are really entertaining because he will often tell personal anecdotes relating to the concepts. If you get chance meet with him and learn his story.
4.5 : I loved this course, the energy and enthusiasm that the professor brought to class every day was inspiring and made the class my absolute favorite. He also does a fantastic job of making all the material entertaining and worth-while. I highly recommend him to anyone and everyone.
5.0 : Definitely not an easy class. Tons of reading along with 2 weekly quizzes. One online over reading and one in class over the previous lecture. No exams though. If you don't like to read, DO NOT take this class, you will not pass this class without actually reading. Otherwise, very rewarding! Dr. Woods gives amazing lectures and is a great professor
4.0 : Clicker quizzes every week about a chapter. Pretty easy just read, it's not a tough book. He was super nice during the extra credit appointment and is really passionate. I might take him for other classes. Give your clicker to a buddy if you're not going to be there for lecture. UF 100- Competition
4.5 : There are a few English professors at Boise State that will remind you why you're an English major. Olsen-Smith is one of those professors. His wide breadth of knowledge on history, literature, and politics provide synthesis to his classes, and he expects his students to attempt the same kind of synthesis. You definitely earn your grade.
5.0 : Best teacher I have ever had. Took all the classes he offered just because of the way he taught.
5.0 : This class is extremely hard. Took both 227 &amp; 228 and he is a great professor. He makes sure you know what to expect before classes even begin. The amount of work is extreme the tests seem near impossible but he will do everything in his power help you get the info you need.
5.0 : One of my favorites! If you're taking BIOL 227, it's going to be a lot of work no matter who you take it from, but McCloskey is terrific!! He is clear with expectations, assignments, and questions/concerns about anything. He really cares. Be prepared to invest a lot of time on the material. Also, the book and lab manual are ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY!
4.5 : There are 7 exams (lowest score is dropped) and the final (can't be dropped).  About 2/3 of total points are comprised of online assignments.  Exams are very difficult - but I suspect well curved.  He's quick to respond and very helpful.  I'd recommend him to anyone.  Great experience.  Put in the time and review everything he posts on Blackboard.
5.0 : McCloskey truly cared for his students. I struggled with a test and emailed him and he sent me a full summary of what I missed and how to improve.
4.5 : I am in the middle of taking Bio 227 right now and the class is great. There is a lot of homework but it is manageable. His tests actually cover the material he presents and he guides you in what to study. I would recommend him to anyone. I tried Koob and just couldn't pass her class for anything.  McCloskey is the way to go!
4.5 : this class makes me want to cry.
5.0 : I love love love Mr. McClosky. If you have to take Bio 227 or 228 don't even bother taking it with anyone else. He's hands down the best teacher to take this with. Keep track of quizzes and DON'T MISS ANY. I missed one 40 point quiz and I went from an A to an A-. Tests are manageable. Lots of hw but expected with a class this intense and hard.
4.0 : This class is extremely difficult and requires A LOT of time. McCloskey does a great job at presenting the material you need to know for the tests. The tests are extremely difficult but that is to be expected for a class of this kind. If you keep up with the mastering assignments and DO NOT MISS ANY assignments, you will be able to pass the class.
5.0 : I took both BIOL 227 &amp; 228 with McCloskey and had a wonderful experience. Enjoyed taking the online class because I was able to go at my own pace. There are many homework assignments but they all directly reflect his exams which make it easy to prepare for them. He is very quick to replying to emails and provides all the information to get an A.
5.0 : Lots of homework worth lots of points each, tests are hard but easier in comparison to Koob's. One thing I liked was that he told you exactly what you needed to know for the exams.
5.0 : OF course there will be a lot of homework. WHat do you expect? I loved taking both online courses from him. I was easier for me. I sat through 6 lectures 6 labs and could need pass. I went ahead and took onine with Mr. Mccloskey it was easier than i expected and easy for me because i could study at my own pace. I recommend him for both courses!!!
4.0 : I am a psych major and therefore have no interest or knowledge about this subject, but am still doing really well in this class. I have had to drop this class with previous professors, but McCloskey is great and really tries to set up the grading criteria in a way that will allow you to pass as long as you participate. Tests are also curved,
4.5 : Anyone who expects A&amp;P (especially online) not to be a lot of work is naive. Trouble with the sheer amount of material isn't surprising, but McCloskey provides a ton of resources to help you learn the material and tells you exactly what he's going to test you on. There is a ton of homework, but it makes you repeat the information before the exams.
1.0 : He absolutely did nothing for this class. Everything was self taught and he was not helpful in the least. Every time I emailed him I was met with rudeness. There were no lectures posted or anything to help with learning the material.
5.0 : Obviously Bio 227 &amp; 228 are difficult courses, but if you really put a lot of effort into this class, you will do well. McCloskey gives you the tools to succeed, and each exam is curved.
4.0 : So glad I took this class online instead of in person. I didn't have much interaction with the prof but his class is very straightforward. There are 8 tests you must take at the testing center that you need to study a couple/few days in advance for to get a good grade. Lots of online quizzes that you can't forget about or they'll hurt your grade!!!
5.0 : This is probably one of the toughest classes at BSU but McCloskey does a great job at presenting the material in the same way you would see it on a test. There is a ton of homework but if you do well on that, you can still pass the class even if you do poorly on the tests. I would recommend him to anyone who struggles with biology!
5.0 : The best professor I've ever had. He took a personal interest in how we did in the class and wouldn't stop until we all understood everything. He wants you to succeed and takes his own time to make sure you do. Class conversations were awesome and knew the answers to even the most off-the-wall questions. He's not at CWI anymore, unfortunately.
5.0 : Jeff was by far the BEST teacher I've ever had. He's witty, engaging and tries his hardest to get everyone involved even in a 7am class! You have to read the material to pass the tests, but he gives little hints here and there if you know where to look. I'm really bummed he won't be at CWI  anymore because I'd take all his classes.
5.0 : Dr. Fry tries his best to make a dry boring subject as tolerable as possible. He helps with any questions that are asked of him. He truly wants his students to succeed. Subject is fairly difficult, so study time is needed to get a good grade.
5.0 : Professor Fry has definitely been my favorite lecturer, I learned way more in 208 than I ever did in 207 because he loves what he does and he's hilarious. After the final he followed me out of the room told me when to expect scored to be posted and wished me luck and to have a good break, I'm looking forward to taking him for SCM366!
4.5 : Fry is awesome. Thoroughly enjoyed his class. He cares about his students. Show up to class. Show you care. He will work with you. Would take him agai.
5.0 : Best teacher at Boise State.
5.0 : Professor Fry is such a cool dude. Statistics can be difficult and intimidating, but he makes it doable. His lectures are engaging and often amusing. I would gladly take another class from him. Don't skip class and you will be fine.
3.0 : Pretty clear lectures.  I took the summer course, so homework and take-home quizzes were assigned almost every day.  You really DON'T need to buy the stupid text book.  He requires it because he's one of the authors and get's money from it.  We only used it for two tables at the end of the book.  Material is difficult so go to class!
5.0 : Professor Fry is a funny and caring guy.  Loves what he teaches and it shows.  I learned more from him in 5 weeks than an entire semester of BUSSTAT 207.  No tricks on tests and he is firm with his grading.  He knows his stuff!
5.0 : Best teacher at BSU!  Waited for everyone to be at the same point in our excel examples.  Very helpful, brilliant and funny.  You can't not love Dr. Fry as a professor, he's the best.
4.0 : Phillip tries to make this class enjoyable, accessible, and worthy. Stats can be a hard class to teach, but he takes the time to explain things and how to compute them on Excel and a calc. He gives homework, but it is to help you practice. He is always open to questions and advice and will go the extra mile to help students. Highly Recommend.
5.0 : Literally the greatest prof to walk the halls of Boise State. Cares about not only his students knowing the content, but is so understanding of the stressed out college student. If you miss lectures he has lecture captures! One of the best decisions if you want to succeed in Business Statistics!
5.0 : Phillip Fry is easily one of the best, if not the best professor at Boise State University. He walks through every step of a problem to make sure the every student has the utmost chance of understanding and achieving, and is a caring and charismatic professor who works hard to keep this normally stale subject entertaining and relatable.
5.0 : Professor Fry is AMAZING. He's a sweet old man who really cares about what he teaches. He made stats enjoyable, and I'd take another class from him in a heartbeat! All his lectures are recorded so if you miss a day it's not the end of the world. Most of the exams are take home and he's lenient with pretty much all deadlines. Highly recommended
5.0 : Dr. Fry is your grandfather. Wants you to succeed and wants to help you but also wants you to get the hell off his lawn. He's a hilarious old man with a bank of awesome knowledge and one liners. He is available outside of class to help you, and will explain the same thing ten times if necessary, but you should probably just pay attention.
5.0 : Dr. Fry has an incredible range of supply chain knowledge, and combined with his teaching humor is a real gem for this class. He constantly asks questions that he pretends to not know the answer to, but then pulls it out in a second. YOU NEED TO PAY ATTENTION TO THE FORMULAS! Dr. Fry is fair, and will help you when you need help, but be respectful!
5.0 : Professor Fry is one of the best professors in the business school, somehow he can teach one of the most difficult topics and it makes sense. I would recommend any class he teaches to try to get in his class.
4.0 : Phil goes over lots of examples in class, which you can use to model your homework after. Therefore, you will struggle if you don't go to class. However, Phil is a super nice professor and is more than willing to help you in/out of class. If you follow the process you will learn a lot.
4.0 : Phil Fry is a great professor. Very caring, and he doesn't pull any fast ones to trick you on tests. Sometimes just jumps into doing in class examples and you won't know what's going on, but just ask and you'll be fine. Go to class, do the hw, and you will get a good grade. Would take again.
5.0 : Fantastic teacher. Goofy teacher who cares about what he's teaching, and about his students. Makes class enjoyable. Most quizzes are take home and he always extends deadlines to give you every opportunity to get the work done. Responds to emails and is understanding about personal situations. I would highly recommend him.
5.0 : Andy is a great professor and FIR! He gave a very specific syllabus and was open to feedback all semester. He really wants his students to succeed.
3.0 : his CJ102 class is a waste of time he goes on and on with lengthy stories trying to be funny but in the end failing. takes a basic concept and stretches it out so long that you wake up 20 minutes later and are like wait? we are still talking about that? he's not a bad guy hes super nice and knows his stuff, he justs wastes your time.
5.0 : Andrew was one of the coolest teachers ever and he is always willing to help you. His tests are fine as long as you read what he tells you too. He makes class super interesting and has awesome stories and is really funny
3.0 : Political science is boring to me anyway, so the lectures were rough. He gives a ton of notes, and what material the tests cover is unclear which makes them difficult to pass. The midterm boosted my grade a ton. You have to have one of the books, but not the actual test book. He is nice enough, but his class is difficult.
4.0 : Professor Most was great. He was very enthusiastic and made the course material fun and interesting. He loves quizzes and they are a large portion of your final grade, so although attendance is not mandatory, missing too many classes will definitely lower your quizfinal grade.
4.0 : great teacher, demands that you show up to every class or it hurts your grade because of quizzes that you take daily sometimes up to 3 a day. Show up do the quizzes and good on mid term and test you will pass. very good teacher and class.
5.0 : Marty is a fantastic teacher. He is: concise, clear, interesting, and funny. Complete pro and VERY clear in what he wants/expects from you. You HAVE to show up to class. He gives quizzes (yes, plural) EVERY day. Your entire grade is 2 tests, the final, and the daily quizzes. His study guides for the test are helpful. Would take him again.
5.0 : Marty knows his stuff! This is a must take class it will help you with any types of communication as in  business, marriage,with siblings etc..
4.5 : Incoming Freshman take this class. Marty will help you understand the institutions you will encounter throughout college and life. The class is not difficult and not particularly in depth, yet it will give you a great frame of reference for the rest of your college career.
4.5 : This was my favorite class all semester, and I give 100% of credit for that to Marty Most.  There's a ton of quizzes, at least one a class, but they are seriously easy if you just sit through his lectures. He doesn't care if you go to class, but since theres no makeups on quizzes its kind of mandatory. Super interesting, I gained a lot.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have had at my time at BSU. Great lecturer, and amazing content. If you don't do the readings, it will be hard to keep up, and also attend class, not mandatory highly suggested for an A.
5.0 : No better professor than Marty. His class is one of a kind and everyone should be required to know this material.  I learned about History, Philosophy, movies and some basics about religious backgrounds in American society.  He should be training other professors on how to present and expect at the level he does. &amp; Leave your cell off. Trust me.
5.0 : Most enjoyable lectures of my entire college career (I'm a senior). Marty is interesting, playful, thorough &amp; clear. He makes tough subjects comprehensible and gives a great overview of the social systems that undergird American culture. He also teaches how to make an argument that is effective, persuasive &amp; stand up to attack. Love his style!
5.0 : Marty is not only down-to-earth, he is compassionate. However, don't mess around in his class and distract other students. He takes the academic experience seriously and it shows in his commitment to his students. He is the best lecturer I've ever heard. Humorous, clear, thorough and memorable. I've assisted him twice &amp; he was great to work for!
4.5 : Out of all of my classes this semester, my COMM112 class was always the one I looked forward to the most. He is not a young professor but he is sharper, more knowledgeable, and self-aware than most! He is also hilarious. There is at least one quiz a class but you get used to it. One of the most enjoyable and useful classes ever!
5.0 : Professor Most is a great professor who knows his stuff. He's fair and gives all sides equal treatment in his lectures. He's more than clear on what needs to be done and his assignments are easy to read. Overall he's a great professor who gives great lectures. Highly recommend him.
4.5 : I loved this class. Its a lecture hall but Professor Most gives amazing lectures that are actually interesting and don't make you fall asleep. However he does give quizzes almost every class but they're only five multiple-choice questions. As long as you read and go to class you'll pass.
4.5 : One of the best instructors I've ever taken.  His class isn't a breeze and he's not a hard ass.  He's very good at teaching and is extremely intelligent.  Funny and Witty.
5.0 : Great Teacher! Class is actually very interested and I enjoyed going!  You get quizzes every class so you should be there, but they are easy 5 point quizzes
5.0 : Professor Most is one of the best professors you could ever take. Sure, its a lot of reading in this course but if you do it you will pass every quiz. Radically intelligent, clear, effective and passionate. I couldn't give a higher recommendation for people who care about their education.
2.5 : Supposed to be reasoned discourse, but it feels more like a history class with a bunch of fallacies. Gives pop quizzes, and if you don't go to class you won't pass. Grading scale is also awful. 94-100  A, 86-93  B. So if you get a 74 or below, you fail. Doesn't use blackboard or any website. Only know grades if you talk to him. Hated it!
5.0 : Marty is amazing. He explains everything in great detail, and if you pay really close attention, he's hilariously sarcastic. The structure of the class really helps aid test anxiety because you take quizzes almost every day. If you show up to the classes and read the book (usually, they're pretty easy reads) you'll get a good grade.
4.0 : Marty is a very smart and caring professor! Attendance isn't "mandatory" but you will want to attend regularly to get your quiz points. There are quizzes every class period. Stay up on your reading because it will be difficult to go through everything before the test(s). Show up, read, and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Marty is an interesting guy, but it keeps the class interesting! He connects material to real life or historical examples, which makes it more interesting. Overall, he is a great professor. Be prepared to take a lot of quizzes.
5.0 : Marty Most has won teaching awards. Like, lots of them. That usually means a teacher is easy, fun, a laugh. Marty is TOUGH. You will work hard and will probably enjoy every minute of it. This is good stuff. Your attendance pays off because of in class quizzes every class period. Big lecture hall but Marty makes the time fly. Best teacher at BSU
5.0 : Not many teachers can command the attention of 200 students in an auditorium for 75 minutes.  Marty Most can. He is probably one of the top 3 teachers at Boise State, maybe THE top (he did win teaching awards). You will come out of reasoned discourse with a strong ability to discern fallacies. Marty is a total laugh as well as brilliant. Take him!
5.0 : Marty is an amazing, caring, funny, extremely knowledgeable guy! The content of his his is extremely boring but he has a way of making it really interesting. Never even bought the text book but really had to pay attention to lectures in return. Lots of pop quizzes that are easy if you pay attention in class. Cares about students
3.5 : TONS OF QUIZZES! But that's basically it. No homework, and only two tests. Also a really interesting class, and I believe it was really practical.
5.0 : Very engaging, entertaining and knowledgeable.
5.0 : I would recommend this class to ANYONE. Marty's lectures are funny and very entertaining. I have nothing bad to say about the class or this professor. Do not hesitate to take COMM 112 with him. It is worth it.
3.0 : Easy class but you do have to attend almost every class since you're only graded on quizzes which you have almost every class. Just memorization needed for tests so take good notes. He does make some racy comments sometimes so just be aware.
5.0 : Absolutely must take, his class should be a requirement, not just COMM112, but Marty's COMM112, I would take it twice if I could.
5.0 : Marty is an amazing teacher and I am actually interested in his class and learn a lot. His class is all quiz based and you have to do the reading to get a good grade. I spend 4-5 hours a week to do the reading.
5.0 : Mardy is a great professor. He is engaging and interactive with his students. He also teaches you really interesting things in this class that expands your world view. Not to mention that, for an old guy, he is really cute :)
4.0 : He is very good at making you pay attention. Some of his lectures are funny and interesting.  You have a lot of quizzes. He is a good teacher. Nobody has said in the comments before but his grading system is different than other professors.  If you have a low A it is a B, if you have a low B it is a C.  Otherwise he is awesome.
5.0 : He has to be one of the best instructors i have ever had. His classes (COM-112) are sometimes boring, but 80% of the time they are fun and engaging. The way he presents the material makes it stick in your head. He doesn't use blackboard or any online program. The only graded work are  quizzes given in class, but if you pay attention they are easy.
5.0 : Amazing professor, the lectures were some of the most in-depth and engaging lectures I've attended ever. Anyone taking COMM112 needs to take it from Marty Most
2.0 : Worst class taken at BSU. Attended every lecture, did every reading and studied hard for both mid term and final only to barely pass the class. If you do not test or quiz well this is not the class for you to take, there are multiple quizzes everyday in class determining your grade.
4.0 : Favorite prof at BSU. Hard grading scale but worth it. The books are interesting and engaging. You only have to write the final paper if you want an A so no final tests or midterm. Highly recommend!
3.5 : His class is funny and makes hard material easier to understand. There is a decent amount of reading that you MUST do. Quizes 1-5 times a class, so you have to come prepared. It is not a class you can just show up to. You must do the work to pass! He has a diff. grading scale. If you don't get a B or better, you fail.
4.5 : He has amazing lectures and is great at keeping students interested. There are almost always quizzes though so try to go to as many classes as you can. Don't leave early because he will sometimes give a quiz at the end of class.
4.5 : One of the best professors I have ever had! He is for sure the "Quiz King". We had a total of 30 quizzes, but they are simple if you show up and pay attention to his lectures. The overall setup was excellent. No homework-just quizzes and the 2 tests are just reworks of the quizzes. I learned useful techniques for finding fallacies and arguing.
4.5 : Billy is great.  He really cares about all his students being able to pass and has no problem going over something again and again until everyone understands.  He has made himself very available outside of class to help.  His class was not easy at all but he made me understand and enjoy the material.  Am taking him again for Calc 3.
5.0 : Billy is great, he is easily one of the best, if not the best math professor at Boise State University. The class is quite hard, but he does his best to accommodate every student. Make sure to go to his office hours!
5.0 : I highly recommend! I am now confident that I can understand math. So confident that I changed my major to engineering! If you need help on any problem, even if it's not his class you can go to his office hours and ask him about it.
4.0 : Hudson is one of the best math teachers I've had. Super helpful and extremely fair when it comes to grading tests. The material is hard but he does an excellent job explaining it! I highly recommend him
4.0 : Online class, but there was a lot of busy work. For the first half of the semester, we had to read 3 articles a week and discuss them (articles were 15 pages long). Other than that, great feedback and an "easy" class, if you put in the work.
4.0 : Stephanie made English 102 pretty enjoyable. There was a lot of creative writing involved. Would recommend.
4.5 : Great class. Really enjoyed the class material. Definitely challenged me to be a better writer. She does individual writing conferences with you for each piece you do and gives great feedback. The "textbook" was just a novel that cost about $16 at Barnes and Noble. You can tell she's really passionate. Definitely recommend.
5.0 : Wants her students to succeed. Do the assignments and there is no way you dont get an A. This was my first online class and was so easy. 1 to 2 assignments a week that arent hard at all. Great progression of final paper to have a little week done every week.
2.0 : This is an unnecessarily difficult prerequisite class about education that existed forever ago.  This class could, however, possibly be used as a prerequisite for Philosophy 101.  WAY too much work for this class, plus my syllabus and extra credit opportunities are dated from last year.                 Two thumbs down.
5.0 : I took English 102 online with Stephanie and she's super friendly and gives great feedback--responds fast to emails. The class was easy. We only had one formal essay and it was a historical fiction--not even a research paper. I would recommend Stephanie if you're just trying to get the class credit over with.
5.0 : TAKE HER CLASS! I cannot brag about her enough. Unlike the other ENG102 classes (where you would write a research "paper") in her class you will write a research STORY. It was much easier to research a time period and create a historical fiction story than report on something I didn't care about. I would take it again if I had the money or time.
5.0 : I took this course over the summer. I was pleasantly surprised with how much I enjoyed the class! Mrs. Cox as well as Jennifer Black were really friendly and open. They respected the people who didn't really have an interest in the topic while encouraging them to talk in class. It was a fun learning experience. :)
5.0 : Stephanie did a great job teaching this class.    If you hate group projects, you will loathe this class.  I will say, however, within the scope of the group projects, Stephanie definitely takes into consideration your personal participation.  I received an A+ in this class, and it was not easy, but I enjoyed Stephanie as an instructor.
5.0 : Midterm presentation (group),  final presentation (group), discussion board each week (individual), and reading quizzes (individual). Easy A if you do it all.
1.0 : This UF class is horrible. I took the education one but I would say that she makes us do unnecessary schoolwork for the class. They make us use blackboard for EVERYTHING and it's a pain, especially when blackboard goes down. I believe she's an good English teacher, but not UF.
1.5 : UF 100 is pointless. All that they assign you is busy work, &amp; it is overall a waste of time. Steph &amp; Jen talk at you, instead of with you. I wish I wouldn't have taken this class. The lecture is dreadful to go to, &amp; I have more homework in this class than I do any other one. UF education is a GPA killer &amp; a waste of your time. Would not recommend.
5.0 : She's my favorite English professor at Boise State. I loved her so much I'm taking UF 100 with her next semester. As long as you're not an idiot you'll do really well in here. Just do your homework!
3.0 : English 102 is supposed to teach you how to research, a prerequisite for most other classes at BSU. Other teachers have said 'use the research techniques you learned in English 102 here' -we didn't do this at all. We had to research, but she didn't teach us how to do it. Lots of creative writing. Good class, but doesn't help you in any other class
4.0 : Same homework schedule every week &amp; a half (1-2 quizzes &amp; 3 discussion board posts). Offers extra credit opportunities. Could access readings online or in library so txtbook isn't necessary to purchase. do need to have some sort of access to the content though. Midterm and final are group projects/presentations. Put in the easy work and you'll pass
5.0 : She was probably the best teacher I have ever had. She came to class at 100% every day. It's obvious she loves what she does. She makes learning a foreign language very doable and she gets you comfortable with using the language. I really enjoyed her class. I had a really easy time learning. Study a little, participate a lot, and try to be excited.
5.0 : Susan is a very nice lady, she loves teaching &amp;  makes everything clear. Total 4 exams(final is cumulative), MUST go to the TA session(some question will show up on the exam). There's 6 quizzes, 2 chances to take it (highest score will be recorded). I would take her again if she teach another class!!!!  Highly recommended!
4.0 : You have to really read the chapters to pass the quizzes and test. Its a hard class, but if you study you'll pass. She's very helpful. I suggest to highlight and type up notes to study. She gives you a case and you have to analyze it. Overall she's a good teacher, just hard when it comes to testing. I got a B in the class.
5.0 : Susan Park is a great professor. She has made the course interesting and is always willing to answer questions. Very down to earth and approachable.
4.0 : Good teacher, good course, hard class. Law in general is tough, but Susan is the one who tries to make it as fun and easy as possible. It's not intuitive. You have to study and memorize lots of dates, big legal words/phrases, major court cases, what happened &amp; when &amp; what would you do in this scenario based on the precedent set by "X" court case.
5.0 : I love Professor Park! She's very helpful if you reach out for help and show effort! I took the 3 week online session and it's very intense but doable! You must have good time management skills and enjoy teaching yourself the material (although she does a good job explaining in the notes) and reading the textbook all the time. Great lady!
5.0 : Professor Park is one of the most incredible professors that I have ever had. I was lucky enough to have her for two classes, but GB 302 was exceptionally awesome. You do have to put in work but the material is so genuinely interesting and provides tons of real world examples that helps you understand difficult terms better. She is great!
5.0 : The material in the class can be dry at times but Professor Park does an amazing job of teaching the material that she is going to test you on. Participation points are taken every class via clickers, so if you show up its an easy 20 points. She puts everything you could possibly need to study online making the test super easy if you look over it.
3.0 : Probably your only choice for Genbus 202 unless you want to take a night class so she's not that bad. Doesn't cover anything that her self written book doesn't cover in class. But is very strict on clickers and making sure you're in class every time. Went out of her way several times to catch students using clickers from home.
5.0 : Great teacher. Clearly explains everything.
5.0 : Susan Park is an amazing choice for Business Law 202! Really funny and very accessible outside of class. Has a LOT of real world experience (she's an actual attorney). Really funny with a lot of stories from her years of work that enhance the learning aspect of her lectures. Very easy to understand and learn from!
4.5 : Park doesn't get boring. She makes the topics very easy to understand. You can get away with skipping some class. Tests are kinda hard. Lowest grade dropped between 3 exams and then cumulative final. That's all the grades for the semester though. Textbook necessary!
5.0 : Really nice lady, a mom, and you can tell by her lectures. A tough class if you don't show up. Show up take some notes study a bit and I passed. Didn't work too hard but couldn't not study. Text book is really good (she wrote it). Really nice very easy to talk to and helpful. Extremely funny, normally I hate lectures, not hers.
4.0 : Business Law was one of my favorite classes so far. I had to work very hard for my grade but I found all of the material very interesting. Professor Park is a great teacher in my opinion. I enjoyed her lectures. She is very accessible outside of class and very helpfull.
4.0 : I absolutely loved professor Park. She was always so helpful and would get back to my emails right away. You can tell she enjoys teaching and I learned a lot from her class. She gives you SOOOOO many resources to pass the class, but it's up to you how you use them. I highly recommend filling out the outlines and reading the lecture notes!
2.0 : Most of the grade is based off of essay exams. He gives extra credit that really bumps up your grade. It's not a hard class. No group work, mostly reading and writing. Sometimes class was interesting but it could be dry and boring. He seemed to not care about his job and students but that could have been his quirky sense of humor.
4.0 : He is a funny and kind of awkward but and endearing old professor. Class can get a little boring sometimes but taking a philosophy course was a personal choice for me. I thought it would add to my liberal arts education and I did not have to take it but it was alright and I learned a lot!
4.5 : Professor Stockton is a great guy. He just wants his donuts, and honestly he deserves him. Took this class because I was looking for something fun, easy, and interesting and got exactly that. He has a no electronics policy, just so you know.
5.0 : The easiest class I have ever taken. We met three times a week, but attendance was not mandatory. I showed up for the first two days of the semester, and never showed up ever again. He has three exams all semester (all essays) and they are really easy if you go to the LA session right before the exam and you will get all the info you need. Easy A
5.0 : He gives 4 tests that are essay tests but he gives you the questions before the test so you know what to study. You dont have to show up for class but if you do you learn more for the test. He is easy going and not hard. Yes you have to study for the tests just like any college class but other than that it is super easy I recommend it
5.0 : He is a great professor. Only 4 tests and a final all semester. Tends to get off track and ramble on but other then that great class.
5.0 : Great professor, very helpful and amusing. No extravagant book was required for his 101 class, he supplied everything. He was highly recommended by another student and I too recommend him.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I have ever had. Made me look at the world in a completely different way and changed my life!
3.5 : Stockton always made class enjoyable if you kept along. If you engage with him the conversations get interesting and highly entertaining. He is a great guy and an outstanding Philosophy teacher. He was recommended to me from a student years ago and I will recommend him to anyone who actually enjoys Philosophy.
5.0 : Great old school professor.
5.0 : Really awesome dude, made his classes entertaining if you showed up to them, but participation wasnt required so I slept in a lot.
5.0 : I took philosophy as an extra class for fun and Stockton was by far the best teacher I have had. He is funny, blunt, and knows what he is talking about. If you take notes in class he has you turn them in for extra credit. I always ended up getting A's on the test because of the extra credit.
5.0 : Anyone that says this guy isn't great simply doesn't get humor. He is hilarious in a very intelligent way. So awesome to see the world of simply education in a way that you have always been aware of but never been able to experience for yourself. The most relaxed class, and yet I learned the most and had the best grade.
4.0 : Stockton's philosophy 101 class is a hoot. He makes things fun and interesting as well as provoking interesting questions and ideas. He's a really nice guy and the class is very easy to pass if you just show up.
5.0 : This guy is super funny. He is easy on the eyes too and he is a great professor. Beware, he doesn't look at you in the eye. Don't know why.
5.0 : Professor Stockton is amazing! I always looked forward to going to class due to his zany nature, good humor, and the interesting lectures. It is evident that he really knows his stuff. There's no required textbook and attendance is optional, but I never wanted to skip class. Even if you're not a philosophy major, take Phil 101 with Stockton!
5.0 : I loved this class to say the least. Stockton was hilarious and had great lectures and he knew what he was talking about. I am a health science major but this class made me want to learn and love philosophy all thanks to Stockton. Great experience!
4.0 : Phil 101 was super easy with Stockton. He doesn't take attendance, and other that the 3 tests, the only work you have to turn in is notes when he calls for it, and it's extra credit. He has a learning assistant that holds review sessions right before the tests that are almost verbatim of the tests which are super easy anyway. Super easy class
5.0 : Coolest professor I have ever had! Very passionate and genuinely cares about her students. There is a ton of information covered in the class so it's no easy A but it's super interesting and she does her best to make it relevant. Can't say enough nice things about her.
4.0 : STUDY! The class has so much information covered it's not even funny. The daily quizzes are easy, 3-5 questions open note. The exams on the other hand require you know a lot. Take good notes and study them and you'll pass this class no sweat. She is an awesome lecturer, funny and interesting, makes the class worthwhile to attend.
4.0 : Great professor. She is funny and makes the class fun and enjoyable. The subject itself is difficult just because you need to memorize names, periods, and locations. Tests are pretty average. Just remember the stuff I stated. Grading of tests barely affected my grade, which for me was good.
5.0 : Literally my favorite professor I've ever had. I'm not even an art major and I loved this class. She's had real life experience with the things she talks about and it shows. Highly recommend (but don't take if you're not interested in art) Lots of memorization for the tests.
2.0 : She's a good person and really likes teaching art, but this class was extremely boring.
1.0 : Lecture Heavy and blackboard grading never makes sense. Have to email TA to get grade figured out. Must remember a ton of stuff and 1/8th of it is on the tests.
4.0 : This class is focused all around the ALEKS software, and it is the worst thing in the world. Janine is a really nice woman, and will make sure you understand whatever is questionable. However, the class is a joke because all the assignments are online so it's upsetting that attendance is mandatory.
2.5 : She doesn't actually teach, you learn everything through the ALEKS software, which was awful.  You are required to do 6 hours on it per week and reach certain topic goals.  It's a terrible learning tool for some people.  You have one day in lab on ALEKS and one in class working on a pointless group worksheet.  I had to take it 3 times.... :(
4.5 : Super easy class, just do the summaries and you're solid
4.0 : Gardner is seriously brilliant. Took UF 100 Human Situation from him, and his lectures were typically mind blowing.
5.0 : The content of this class could have been very hard to digest, but Professor Gardner made the information very clear with his usually humorous and always wildly insightful explanations.
4.0 : +Very interesting, very fun to have a conversation with +Passionate and intelligent person, but still almost always agreeable +Very fair grading +Made a boring class somehow enjoyable +Do the work in class and at least pretend to take it seriously and you will at least get a B+.
4.5 : Professor Gardner is a great lecturer. Be sure to do the reading ahead of the lecture. Don't sit up front unless you like to read aloud. Course workload was heavy but not difficult. Do the reading, turn in the work and you will pass. Attendance mandatory.
5.0 : Gardner is great in many ways. His lectures are brilliant, he loves what he teaches, he cares about his students, he's funny, interesting, and sympathetic. The UF classes are a waste of everyone's time, but he does what he can with what he's given. His expectations are vague sometimes, and his lecturers can get dry. But take him, he's incredible.
3.5 : This class was sometimes hard to follow, but overall Professor Gardner made it interesting with his sense of humor and lively lectures.
3.5 : What I really enjoyed about this class is that he had interaction with the class. So many teachers just give assignment and follow the book (very boring) but Gardner gives life to the class.
2.0 : I REALLY like professor Stewart as a person and I'd totally have lunch with him or hang out, but hugely disliked him as a professor. Feedback is almost nonexistent so you don't know what you did wrong, and if you are confused about something he will make you feel stupid rather than dumb it down until you understand. Got a good grade though.
2.0 : He seems to be very genuine but is obsessed with students not being on their cellphones and doesn't allow laptops. IS very precise on time, will keep you until the exact minute class is over.
3.0 : He's so knowledgable about what he's talking about that he often forgets that he's teaching and assumes we already know what's going on. You don't really need to take notes because he has everything typed up and displayed on a single powerpoint slide. Good luck staying awake in his classes. Also, he is anti-electronics. Not even laptops are allowed
5.0 : Stewart Gardner is the man. He is a very cool guy and is also a great professor. He is nice, intriguing, and good at teaching what he is passionate about. I have had him for a few classes (POLS and PHIL) and plan to take more in the future.
3.0 : His lectures include him talking for the entire 1hr and 15min, he will literally check the clock and if he has even a MINUTE left he will use it. He talks without taking breaks so it is hard to stay focused/engage. He also doesn't allow computers, even though he talks a lot and really fast... Thus making it hard to take detailed notes.
5.0 : Dr. Gardner is not your typical political science professor. He is sarcastic, loves to troll, and is not afraid to say it like it is. If these are the types of human qualities you value, take his class. If you want the conventional, dry, uninspired talking-at-the-class lecturer, take another professor. He is simultaneously humble and critical.
5.0 : This class was pretty boring, but Professor Gardner makes the best of what he has to teach! His lectures are interesting and he is passionate about it. He does little quizzes every week and you can usually use your notes. He takes attendance. You show up and do the work that is assigned and you'll pass! Professor Gardner is literally the best!
3.0 : Professor Gardner only gives 4 assignments the entire year. Two essays, a Mid-term and a Final. The Mid-term and Final are both short-essay questions. If you bomb one of the 4 assignments, there aren't any opportunities to make them up. He doesn't do anything to engage the class, only lectures. Doesn't give points for attendance.
5.0 : Professor Gardner was a hoot! He is passionate about what he teaches (UF100 TACC) and presented the material in a fashion that was educational yet entertaining. Lots to read, but in-class feedback is great. Of all the Professors for Climate Change, he's the guy that I'd want to be teaching my class.
3.5 : Not an easy class, but beneficial. You definitely have to be able to think critically and be able to read hard text. I actually really enjoyed it and learned a lot. Attendance counts and if you miss lecture you will definitely be behind. Not hard to pass; you just have to pay attention and put effort in.
5.0 : He was amazing. i took him in spring of 2016. I learned a lot from him and he was very kind with his students with a good touch of humor. He knew how to handle the "immature" ones. He helped me overcome my fear of speaking in public and he also was very very fair with the grades. Basically, he told us, show up and you get an A.
5.0 : Jesse cares a lot about his students.  He also makes you think outside of the box when writing essays but the essays are fun to write.  He helps everyone polish their essay to near perfection and is very approachable.
5.0 : He's really nice and super helpful. Sometimes the papers seem like a lot and editing seems like a lot of work too but I would assume that's how it is in all English classes. Basically the only assignments were the three papers and the portfolio at the end, and directions are always straightforward.
5.0 : He is real clear and straight forward. He is a great teacher and very helpful if you have questions. He will push you to be a better writer and he will succeed if you are willing to take direction. He kept class fun and entertaining. Show up for every class and participate, follow directions and get your assignments in on time = A.
4.0 : This teacher pissed me off. He has times he won't listen to what you were trying to say in your paper and just assume. He makes you work really hard on your paper, but he was always available to help you. He replayed late at night or in the middle of the day to emails and is willing to meet. Easy grader, meet requirements n go to class 100%
2.5 : "He is a very disorganized teacher. He skips classes and conferences for personal exhaustion, and complains when students don't show up. He thinks he is very smart and interesting, and interupts students when during discussions. He only likes essays that are shocking and dramatic like movies." SO ACCURATE. He can dish criticism but can't take it.
2.0 : Teaches the class at a freshman in high school level. Key concepts to the class are explained with confusing and misleading metaphors. Not prepared for class and clearly "wings it" on a weekly basis. Majority of homework is busywork that has poorly defined guidelines.
4.5 : Very simple class Barney knows the constraints of college and makes a review session before every test if you go to no other classes of this GO TO THIS ONE he gives you last semesters test which is the same as your test AND you get to bring cheat sheets into the test and these last semester tests so just copy down the process
5.0 : Best teacher at Boise State! He is irreplaceable and glad this is my last semester as he retires. He is so smart but makes the material relate-able and understandable. Such a nice guy and fun to talk to.
5.0 : Great and funny guy! Knows his stuff! Get ready to see some amazing calc proofing.  Glad I was able to take his class before he retired.  He is greatly missed!
5.0 : Matt is an excellent professor and one of the best I've had at BSU! He is incredibly helpful and easy to approach. He has a funny and laid back personality that makes the class really fun to take. The class is passable if you just do the assignments and schedule accordingly. Definitely worth taking if you want to have a career in media production!
5.0 : He is AWESOME!  He is very helpful when you need it and will set you up for success.  He knows his students well, each individually.  Likes to keep lectures and classes intriguing and fun.  I would take any class with him again, plus he's hilarious.  Take his class, but expect quizzes each week with homework.  Do quizzes, you'll past the tests!
5.0 : Coolest and funniest teacher at BSU! If you're taking comm 101, take it with him! Easy and enjoyable class!
3.5 : LOVE this Prof!!! Definitely not an easy A but we'll worth the effort. One of those classes you WANT to go to :)
4.0 : Matt was super laid back and fun to learn from. He was really helpful and is very knowledgeable in the Audio field, especially the music production side. I would take a class from him again in a heartbeat.
5.0 : This class was great. I've heard from other students that there's other profs teaching this class and that their's is boring and dry. My experience with Vanderboegh's class was amazing. He's hilarious and relatable. Great sense of humor that you don't normally find in a classroom. Lectures are the bomb. Just wish some of the students would shut up.
4.5 : He is a great teacher, show up to class, do the readings, be prepared there is no surprises. Do what he says and you will get a good grade.
5.0 : i took matt over the summer by far the best teacher that i have had at Boise State. If you need to take an upper division communication class def take with him. Really chill guy!
4.0 : Matt is an excellent teacher of audio methods, both basic and advanced. He is there for the students and cares a LOT that you learn.  He will take extra time with you,  and some students take advantage of that. Do ask for help if you need it; he really knows his stuff.  Matt can get distracted when a fly buzzes by, so try not to add to that. Great!
4.5 : Matt is such a great professor, and Comm 101 is probably one of my favorite classes I've ever taken. He does a great job engaging and interesting the audience, and the 75 minutes always seem to go by too fast! I highly recommend this class. (Also, you don't have to do as many speeches as most comm. classes do)
5.0 : Matt is very hilarious and easy going. His tests are straight from the study guides, so fill those out! There are only 3 speeches and those are easy too. I highly recommend him if you don't want to fall asleep in class.
4.5 : I absolutely loved Dr. Rohn, he was direct, knew what he was talking about and was willing to help. I enjoyed that he taught us what he saw would be most beneficial for our futures. I hope to take more classes from him. Take him if you can! Not the easiest A however it is doable.
2.5 : Presents the material pretty well. He is funny and personable. I went to his office hours with questions once and he was condescending, but a lot of other people I talked to said he was nice so it might have been an off day. Clicker questions count as extra credit. Don't read the book, he doesn't follow it (I took it w/ Jorcyk too)
4.0 : Dr. Rohn is a fairly good professor. He understands the course content can be difficult and wants you to understand it. Study his lecture notes for the tests!
4.0 : As the class was online, contact with the professor was minimal, but he responded very quickly to messages. Lecture captures are lengthy, but all the tests are based on that material (I only looked at the book to clarify a few concepts.) The material is well presented. Straightforward class.
3.5 : Tough class and tough material- granted I hadn't taken cell bio or physics yet. Loved the information, just a lot of it and only three tests (400 points total in the class) for your grade. Slide shows are almost word for word out of the "optional" text. One of the most intelligent people I've ever met.
4.0 : Solid teacher, if a bit dry and curt. He assumes a base of A&amp;P knowledge coming in which can make a big difference. Allows note cards on tests but going from B/C to A means really understanding the concepts. Extra credit opportunities with tough questions help to take the edge off. Tough class, but also one of the most interesting I've taken.
4.0 : His bio course is worth taking online. It has clear structure and a flexible schedule.
3.5 : Really great prof. intelligent and to the point.  The class was very challenging but also very rewarding.  Be prepared for some really intensive studying.  Tests were taken from the power points and lecture.
5.0 : Professor Heney was a very encouraging and engaging instructor.  Her instructions were always clear and she was available for her students.  This was a great online course.
5.0 : Professor Heney is absolutely a gem for Boise State to have! I was a little hesitant to   take this online ENGL course, but I am SO glad that I did. I have nothing negative to say. If you get the chance to take a class with Heny, do so! You will not regret it!
4.5 : Jill is great! She is there to help you and gives great feedback on all your work. This class will make you think about writing a whole new way. For a core class, Jill really keeps it interesting. Assignments in the beginning of the semester will help build your one and only essay. Would definitely recommend anyone to take a class with Jill.
4.5 : Jill is great. Her class isn't for slackers, but she'll help you out if you need it. She is supportive and truly cares about her students and what they learn. Stuck on a concept? She'll respond to an email within 24 hours and she's always available by phone. I will definitely be taking other courses from her if possible!
5.0 : Jill is a great professor! She's the type of person who will go out of her way to be there for you, even after you're not in her class anymore. A truly excellent human being and I'm very glad I got the opportunity to learn from her.
5.0 : She expects weekly discussion postsjournal entries and will usually post 2-5 articles for you to read. Workload is maybe 1-2 hours a week if you take your time. Jill is super nice and offers really good feedback. you can usually google the text articles or she posts them on blackboard. pretty straight forward class
5.0 : Jill is so sweet and genuinely cares about you and will do everything she can for you to pass this class. There is only one essay the whole semester and one group research project.
5.0 : An incredible teacher.  I love Jill!  Her class changed me and how I learn for the better, and I will remember this class.  Sad to see it end!
5.0 : She'll work with your schedule if it's an online class. Absolutely wonderful online instructor. She presents the material well.  It's straight forward on what is due every week on Thursday.
4.0 : Jill is almost too easy of a professor. She was endearing and she went out of her way to help every student succeed. She is a big fan of discussions and she is always accessible through her email and at her office. I would take any future courses from her in a heartbeat. She definitely wants all students in her classes to succeed and learn.
4.0 : Jill is super easy to work with, she provides great feedback in a laid-back and enjoyable environment. Her class has a fair workload, but isn't overwhelming. She uses self-grading which is a little different but as long as you put in the effort and do the assignments it's straightforward and an easy A. I would take another class from her.
4.5 : Very nice professor who really helps you pick great topics for writing. Only one essay needed and assignments are given incrementally so as not to overwhelm you. Very nice and has a great positive deposition. Assignments are fair and easy to complete, great professor to have for a core class.
5.0 : Jill is an amazing human being. She give exceptional, honest feedback, which is always very encouraging, even if your writing needs work (doesn't it always?).  She has a passion for artful writing, creative approaches to texts, and food, incidentally. She loves combining great non-fiction with a physical place, so be ready to roam and write.
3.0 : Jill is helpful when you ask for help, and her class on Blackboard appears to have effort put into in order to keep the dates and order on point. It's an online class so there is some navigation you have to figure out yourself, but overall if you do the work, you get a good grade.
5.0 : Jill seems to be very passionate about what she does and is an open minded teacher. She listens well and gives good feeback. The grading seems to be very fair and the work is not that hard either. Just put in some effort.
5.0 : Amazing teacher who also seems to be a wonderful person. She ACTUALLY cares about her students success. She always gives feedback on your work and spreads positive energy which inspires you to work harder. Would absolutely take a class with her again.
5.0 : Jill is an amazing professor! She is one of those professors that actually cares about teaching and wants to see her students succeed. She will help you if you need it. She answers emails very quickly. Her blackboard page is easy to navigate and read. She is really quirky and loves brainstorming so be prepared for that on a daily basis.
5.0 : She came into class ready to teach and always happy to see her students. She never made anyone feel dumb for asking questions. She will repeat herself if she has to, so that you will understand her expectations. Shes not just a great teacher but a wonderful person to go to if you need help finding resources on campus. Or are strugglin with somethi
5.0 : I cannot recommend Jen enough as a professor.  This class is one of the easiest A's you could get but you have to show up and put in the effort.  The homework is mainly busy work but if you pay attention, there are some really profound ideas presented in the class.  The students that complained about Jen were lazy freshman.
2.5 : This class was mostly just busy work but an easy an A as long as you do the work. Each class is worth points so attendance is mandatory but if you do all of your work and do well and on the two projects missing a few classes won't hurt. I found Jen to be a bit rude and passive aggressive. I did not enjoy taking this class with her.
5.0 : I absolutely loved this class. Although there was a lot of reading, it was enjoyable and the discussion afterward was so fruitful. Prof. Black is so accommodating and kind, if you're struggling, just ask and she's happy to help. She really invests in her students one-on-one. It's not an easy A and there's quite a bit of writing, but worth it.
3.0 : UF is comprised of lots of readings and two groups projects, one for the mid term and one for the final.  Super easy UF class as long as you go to class and do the homework.  Lots of discussion boards that could be considered busy work.  There are extra credit opportunities available as well.
3.0 : People complain a lot about this class but it's pretty easy and straightforward if you just do the work.
4.5 : too much work &amp; not enough time. 2 pg response every week- must be VERY thorough including finding themes w/in specific pieces of art &amp; you must respond to 3 other students. Reading the full text is a must &amp; it's written poorly. She also has you do plenty of other assignments at the same time. If you are a full time student don't take this course.
2.5 : I spend too much time doing homework in this class. She grades too harshly for a 200 level HUMANITIES class. Give me a break lady. At a chapter a week plus all the busy work your not getting much out of the class.
2.0 : There are two major potions for this class reading your text book and writing. Being a senior I am used to writing but this class had so much busy work it made it the hardest class of my semester. The class goes from prehistory to modern era making it shallow and repetitive. The discussion boards are horrid and force. Not recommended.
5.0 : I really appreciated how engaged Dr. Black was for an online class. We had to do a lot of writing in the discussion board, but she was right there with us, and an active participant in our chats. The class was easy enough to pass, but you could get out what you put in, which I appreciated.
4.5 : Enjoyable to be around. Three hour classes are the best and they actually seems short because of the quality. Listens to her students. Very intelligent.
5.0 : Dr. Black gives good feedback and solid grading criteria: she's uploaded a rubric for every assignment you'll complete onto the class site. As long as  you do the work and do it on time, there's no reason you shouldn't be successful in this class.
5.0 : Such an amazing enlightening class. One of my favorites in college so far. Was so helpful, and gave great feedback.
5.0 : Show up and do the work you will definitely get an A.
5.0 : HUM207 was such a wonderful class. Professor Cook has the assignments, quizzes, and exams clearly explained and she also touchs on her expectations.  I rated her 5 stars due to her sincere passion for teaching others, enjoyable lectures, and brilliancy.
3.0 : Easy class. Elizabeth is funny in the way that the things you say you tilt your head and wonder where she got that class. She isn't a fan when people disagree with her points but she eventually got better over the semester. If you do the assignments there is no way you wont get an A.
5.0 : Great teacher. I took her for UF 300 and really liked her, the class not so much. If you just do all the homework you'll get an A. Even if you forget to do it or just blow it off, shell let you make it up for full credit. She's also really passionate about the class which helps motivate me to attend class and stay engaged.
5.0 : Elizabeth is the most amazing professor I have had at BSU thus far. She's really passionate about what she teaches, and it shows! She knows her class is a requirement but makes your time worthwhile and every lecture is enjoyable. If you have to take UF 200, make sure to do it with her. Easy class, extremely caring prof.
5.0 : I took her for UF 300, the best Professor and very passionate  about the class. You just have to do your assignments and turned them in.  She gives good feedback as well when it comes to the paper.
4.0 : Professor Cook was very responsive to emails. This was an online class so that helped. The worst part is the group project. If one of your partners is a dud, you're stuck doing their work and yours and they still get a group project grade even if they don't do anything. Hope you're tech savvy! You needs skills for the group project.
5.0 : Fantastic professor. I took UF200 and Engl110 with Elizabeth and she truly had a way of making the courses engaging. The course work was unique and more creatively based. We discussed content and engaged in projects rather than taking tests which made both courses far more personal and enjoyable. Really made me feel excited to come to class.
5.0 : Super easy class. Each class attendance is worth 5 points so show up. You have tests but they're online take home tests, you get 3 hours to complete them, and they're short essay questions. You also have super easy take home online quizzes and your final is a project and you can make whatever you want. Literally whatever you want... take this class
2.5 : Dr. Donovan is good at what he does, but he's very condescending. Don't expect any help from him outside of class. I was told to wait until we met again the next week to discuss a homework assignment.
5.0 : A bit scary at first but you'll find she really cares about her students. Responds to emails fast. Lectures are interesting and she always answers questions well. You have one 3-minute speech, one 6-8 minute informative speech, and one 30 minute persuasive speech (group project), and something like 5 exams, which can be tough. Study hard for those!
3.0 : Rebecca was a good teacher, and I did learn a lot. However, her tests and grading methods were unfair, she is the type of professor to put material not discussed in class into her exams.  Not to mention her grading of speeches is very strict.
5.0 : I took this class as a 3-week course over the summer and I enjoyed it tremendously. Be warned that you will be expected to write and deliver many speeches. We didn't use the textbook at all past the first assignment; Just take notes during the lecture and you'll probably be fine.
4.0 : Go to class.    Stay focused.  You will pass.
5.0 : Honestly, she intimidated the hell out of me at first, but she ended up being one of my fave profs simply 'cuz she was very clear with what she expects. You make friends with your class mates (and if i'm gonna be honest i didn't buy the book and still did well). She's happy to meet with you if you need help, and wants you to do well. Take the class
5.0 : She really cares about her students and is a great teacher. Tests are super easy if you just memorize her lecture notes and fully understand the concepts. So far have a 98% in the class.
5.0 : If you show up to class and put in effort you will get a good grade. Rebecca is really cool and a lot of class time is spent working on our resumes, learning how to interview, and help with preparing for interviews we are planning on doing.
4.0 : Rebecca is awesome. Her tests are super easy. Her study guides are clear and makes it easy to only need two hours to study and you would get a good grade. The class was interesting. She doesn't work through Blackboard which is annoying and you have to go to class to receive assignments. Super easy class though and I recommend it.
4.5 : I liked her teaching style.  The class was very structured, and I learned a lot.  Tests were pretty straight-forward but difficult.  She comes off kind of intimidating but you'll soon learn that she's very friendly and smart.  Not a class for slackers.  The group project sucked, but that's a given.
5.0 : She is a great teacher, this is my second class with her and i have loved them both. Assignment and tests are worth the same points so make sure to do all of you assignments and you will pass easily.
4.0 : At first was concerned about learning from a native Spaniard, but dialect difference was non-issue. Agree with comment about ton of dad jokes :) Participate in class as much as you can; it's good for learning as well as building rapport with him; can alsolead to EC. He's Western European so no surprise he is progressive, which is refreshing for BSU
5.0 : He is a great teacher, really fun and easy. I had him twice a week at 8:30 in the morning and always looked forward to his class, never had to worry about falling asleep. He is fun and speaks in mostly spanish but has a chance to ask questions in english in the last 5 min of class. One of my favorite teachers so far, definitely taking him again
5.0 : I would highly recommend him! He is very open to questions and makes you feel encouraged while learning Spanish. He does a lot of in class exercises that help me pick up the language.
4.5 : A great Spanish Professor and one of the best professors I have had in general. Is very clear on what he expects from the class and believes in the hands-on learning approach. Always excited for class and makes it easy to ask questions
5.0 : He is a great Spanish professor. He builds on every aspect of the language and I felt like I really understood spanish and got a lot out of this 101 class.
4.0 : Juanjo honestly wants you to learn, and will do everything in his power to facilitate your understanding and success. Participate in class activities and don't be afraid to admit that you're a little behind or lost - he will help you! Hilariously bad dad jokes abound &amp; if you want to waste a little time, get him to go off on a pro-socialist rant ;)
5.0 : she moved form Boise to Texas during the middle of the semester. no teacher was supplied to take her place. It suddenly became an online class or you could drop it with an F. she is nice, easy going but BSU sucks.
2.0 : DO NOT take it with this professor. She makes the content hard on purpose. She also takes this class way to seriously. Chem 111 is intro level and she treated it as if it was an O-Chem class. Her compitance  with clickers and the clicker program made it so half the class never got credit and she will not take traditional notes.
4.0 : She is a great teacher. Show up to class and you will get an A.
4.0 : Professor Shadle is extremely intelligent and definitely fosters a nice learning environment. I appreciate the she seems to genuinely wants each of her students to learn chemistry. She teaches through group work, so if you don't learn well that way I would highly recommend AGAINST taking this class. I had to teach myself. Lectures are few and short
4.5 : Susan is cool. The large class makes it difficult for her group activities sometimes, but the workbook she made is helpful. She gives extra credit points to everyone that's in class when she makes mistakes, and she'll give partial credit on exams if you show work. She's also really nice, and I really liked her study sessions before exams.
4.5 : Susan is one of the best teachers I've ever had. She made managed to make a big lecture hall a one-on-one experience. She is encourages students to ask questions but does not get side tracked - if there's something the class needs extra work on she'll post practice on Blackboard.  Make sure you take a class from her if you can.
1.0 : Doesn't allow you to sit where you want to (puts you in arbitrary "neighborhoods" in the lecture hall). Micro-manages everyone like they are children. Guarentees a C- but requires you keep a "chemistry journal." Wastes everyone's time by playing youtube videos only she finds funny.
4.5 : Awesome professor. Does a great job of teaching the material and is very nice and willing to help.
4.5 : The test are an accurate representation of the lectures, textbook and homework. She is an amazing teacher, and makes hard material easy to learn. If you can, take this class with her.
5.0 : DO NOT TAKE CHEMISTRY WITH ANYONE BUT SUSAN SHADLE. She is a wonderful professor. I hate chemistry and I did not mind her class.
5.0 : Lectures are a bit unconventional (she pauses frequently for you to work in groups on problems), but she does a great job teaching chemistry.  She is very friendly and helpful.  She has you buy a note-book ($20), but it's pretty much a complete outline of the topics covered.  It acts as your "slides" during lecture and your study guide before tests
4.0 : Susan is an awesome teacher. At first I was not fond of the "neighborhood" system but I realized it helped me pay attention in class instead of mindlessly scrolling through memes. You will dedicate a lot of time to this class for masteringchemistry and exam study. She holds exam review sessions which are very helpful. Also very good at explaining.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had at Boise State. She explains the material well, is available to answer questions, and cares deeply about her students. Tests are difficult, so showing up to class is a good idea. Lectures are creative and enjoyable. It's a very unique class setup with a lot of group work. Textbook isn't mandatory but very helpful
5.0 : Susan is the best teacher. She works really hard to make sure you're getting what she is saying. She truly cares if you understand the material and wants you to pass. This is not an easy class, but if you have to take it, take it from Susan. You will not regret it. She gives lots of bonus points if you are in class, so show up to class.
4.0 : She works really hard to answer students' questions. She offers quite a few bonus points for being there. The only down side to this class, is that she gives you assigned seats. If you end up in a bad group, this class will probably be more difficult. Your grade doesn't depend on your group, but it's a more helpful arrangement if they're smart.
5.0 : Maloof is one of those professors you never forget. He plans his lectures meticulously and hand writes everything on the board before class so you can get out early. He's funny and likes to make you laugh. I barely passed calc I with a C, and because of Maloof I was able to get an A in calc II. Tests are take home and he's always available to help.
5.0 : Professor Maloof is an amazing teacher. If you have questions, he will answer them. Homework can be turned in on paper or done in MyMathLab. It is your choice. The tests are take home, which is great if you are someone that stresses about tests. As long as you show up, pay attention, ask questions, and do the homework, you should get at least a C.
5.0 : Hilarious. She's very funny and very honest which makes the class enjoyable. You'll spend most of the days discussing movies you watched or watching clips from films. If you show up to class it's an easy A, but you won't get marked down if you don't come.
4.5 : Pretty standard, fun class. Expect to write a couple papers which aren't too bad. The final paper isn't exactly charming, but manageable. Attendance isn't necessary BUT she shows a lot of test material in class (like movie clips, etc) which are super helpful. nice lady, fun class
4.5 : Awesome professor-- cinema history is not always the most interesting, but overall, it was a lot of fun.
4.0 : Tracy is a little different but really funny. Class is not mandatory and you could probably manage to never go to class and pull off a passing grade. If you go to class though she does show a lot materials on the test. Lectures can be boring but class is not too difficult.
5.0 : I am not an actor but as a theatre major I had to take this class. Tracy helped make the stage a not-so-scary place. She has a goofy personality that instantly makes you comfortable in awkward situations. She has her own way of teaching the basics of acting without you really realizing it. Lots of games and a guarantee of an awesome class!
5.0 : She's a fantastic professor that takes sometimes boring material and makes it interesting. She is really into cinema and it shows. 100% recommend her as a professor. Great class, easy to pass. Very funny professor and very helpful. She posts all her lectures on BB and provides test study guides.
5.0 : Tracy is great! Class is always fun and entertaining. There is rarely ever any homework. There are writing assignments/projects and she is a tough grader, but fair. Her test are very straightforward and easy (as long as you study).
4.0 : She uses the readings from the book on her tests. As well as the information she posts on blackboard and the movies you are asked to watch at home will be on the tests too. Attendance isn't mandatory but some days she will take it and give extra credit to students in class. She was very nice and her lectures were entertaining!
5.0 : Best math instructor I have had a Boise State! I'm an engineering major and I have taken a lot of math, so that's saying something. I just wish I had discovered this earlier so that I could have taken more of my math classes with her instruction. She has a way of explaining difficult concepts in a way that makes sense.
4.0 : Dr. Smith is a good math teacher, which is something of a rarity in my experience. She's harsh and expects far too much for a decent grade, but you'll learn what you need to from her class.
5.0 : Best math teacher at Boise State! I absolutely loved having Mary Smith as my professor. She gives fair tests, quizzes once a week but she drops the two lowest scores. She uploads her lecture notes online, but I went to every class. She keeps you engaged and makes learning the subject matter fun and easy. I would highly recommend Mary Smith.
5.0 : Dr. Smith cares a lot for her students' learning. She would spend the entire lecture answering a single question if she found it necessary. Usually it isn't though as she has amazingly easy-to-follow and interesting lectures. I would take another class from her because you learn and have fun doing it.
4.5 : Dr. Smith is a great math teacher.  In my top 3 and I've had quite a few.  She's very friendly and outgoing in a "Texas" kind of way.  Too many assignments based on attendance (for my tastes) including weekly quizzes AND in-class projects, but her grading system is very fair.  Not hard to get an A if you are willing to show up and study just a bit.
2.5 : Mary Smith is very organized and good at time management. She grades very hard on all homework, quizzes, and exams.  The grades come from so many sources the class is very hard to manage and keep track of what you need to do.  Over all I would not recommend her for this class. Avoid if you are not willing to put in the time.
5.0 : The best professor here.
5.0 : Intentionally took an upper division math class I didn't need cause she was teaching it.
1.0 : Homework every day, with no chance to learn the material. You will barely grasp one concept and be forced onto another with no help. She does not lecture or provide reasonable notes. Every worksheet and example problem you will be scolded for not figuring out immediately even though it's brand new material nobody has seen before. 0/10.
5.0 : Dr. Smith is by far the best math teacher I've ever had; every class is an invaluable learning experience. If you're not willing to do the work you can expect a bad grade. However, if you show up to class you will find that she puts a great deal of effort into her lessons. Those in school to actually learn should go out of their way to take her.
5.0 : Dr. Smith's class structure is the best I've seen; clearly defined learning goals, only current material before exams(no exam 2 lectures until after exam 1), very prompt grading, and scheduled class periods(HW due Mon, worksheet Weds, Quiz Fri)no surprises. Teaching style is clear, lots of examples, and places importance on answering all student ?s
4.0 : Highly recommend for diff equ. Very organized and hands down the best professor blackboard sight. Dedicates a few class periods to test review before tests. Good mix of lecture and worksheet driven learning. If you need help just ask. Would recommend and I would take her again.
5.0 : Vickie is amazing! This class is interesting and she always has guest speakers. She does usually use the whole class time, but she makes it go by fast. Her study guides are the test without the answers. Do the study guides and memorize them and you'll get an A. You do a mock crime scene at the end of the semester which is a lot of fun! Take her!
5.0 : She's amazing!!! She's so knowledgable, helpful, and wants to help her students pass. She's funny and her reviews are the tests! I give her 10 out of 10 and would take her again.
4.5 : Absolutely loved Vickie! She's an amazing teacher and definitely has your interests in mind. Gives you the tests a week in advance to study them, and gives you plenty of time for the paper you have to write. She's extremely understanding, funny, and just a great teacher. I highly recommend her if you're a non-CJ major like me or a CJ major!
3.5 : I really liked Fatima. Even though I had no interest in Spanish literature, she did an excellent job in class going over what we had read with fun activities instead of same boring old lectures every day. There was always something different to do. (That said, it's a lot of group work.)
3.5 : Fatima is really good at getting the students involved in classroom activities. As long as you do the work, and do your best, you'll have a great time in any of her classes.
4.5 : Fatima is very helpful! She understands that not everyone in this class is interested in literature, and she genuinely wants her students to understand the material. Ask her for help and reach out to her, she is very understanding and takes that into consideration during grading.
4.0 : Fatima is extremely wonderful. She is a great teacher and makes the material easy to understand. However, she assigns a lot of homework, which is normally okay but she doesn't typically tell you due dates or make it very clear when assignments are due. If you are really good at checking blackboard and myspanishlab EVERY day you will do well.
5.0 : Fatima is very funny, light-hearted and personable. She is from Portugal. Quite a few exams and participation in class is necessary. She is very chill if you missed one assignment or homework, and she will let you do it again.
5.0 : Good
5.0 : Best Spanish professor I've had. Ftima's passion for teaching really shines through and she makes what can be an otherwise undesirable subject very fun, relevant, and worthwhile at the same time. Expect plenty of reading, writing, and group work in her classes, but know that you will come out of her class more proficient. Profesora fantstica  :)
4.5 : Fatima is the best Spanish teacher I have ever had in my life. I wish she could have been my teacher for all classes. She is so funny, makes material interesting, and encourages participation. I was so afraid to take this class, but honestly, with her activities I will remember the stories forever. So much fun. 10 out 10. Take her classes :))
4.5 : She was very helpful. I enjoyed her class.
5.0 : Not bad, for an online math course. Mandy gives clear instructions &amp; is always quick to respond to emails. The course itself is tedious, but what else would you expect from a mostly self-taught math course? Don't plan on selling your textbook back....
3.0 : Mandy seems to know her stuff and would be great in person, but math as an online course enabled her to be hands-off. The class itself is easy because you're able to take the assignments until you get 100 percent. That helps you learn the material and prepare for the exams, which come off the study guide directly.
3.5 : She didn't even really do much actual teaching, you're basically just given the assignments then you're on your own. That being said I think she'd help if you'd ask and gives you pretty clear directions.
4.0 : I went into this class worried since I struggle in math. Mandy's expectations and grading are clear. She was quick to respond to questions or concerns that I had. I felt supported and encouraged. If you are willing to put  in the time and effort you can pass this class even if you hate math. I am more confidant then ever with my math now.
3.0 : This was her first semester teaching Math 157, but she did an okay job. Sometimes the content wasn't displayed in a clear way, so I had to constantly go to tutoring to understand some concepts. She wasn't the most exciting teacher in the world, but she got the job done.
2.5 : Online math 123. Glad I took it over the summer online. Not much interaction with Mandy. She set BB up as well as MyMathLab so that you basically teach yourself and she doesn't have to do anything. I thought the structure was fine and pretty easy. Although BB was confusing because it was set up for a regular semester instead of a summer course.
4.0 : This was taken online.  So I'm not really sure what the teacher did besides grade the discussion board posts.  This was an easy Math class.  There was one "project" during the summer semester there are usually two.  You could take the quizzes 2-3 times each. There was a mid term and a final that used questions directly from the review.
5.0 : As long as you are organized this was the easiest math I have ever taken. You have the same amount of work each week, you can go ahead if you want, the quizzes are only 10 questions and can be tried twice, homework can have as many tries as you want, and the tests have the same exact questions as the test reviews. It is an easy online class.
5.0 : She's great. Its a breezy class and she is not one to make it harder than it needs to be. Very accommodating to students' needs. To those that complained about her being hard on grammar and spelling: you're in college. You should have long since mastered the basics of the English language.
4.0 : Dusty was a good professor, but it's overall a very dry class and extremely boring to attend. She makes it very easy to pass and will always say she's available to contact via phone if you need help. She also gives you all the test questions prior to the test to study from so there's no reason you shouldn't rock the 2 tests that she has.
5.0 : i love her, she is the most amazing woman in the entire world
1.0 : Instructor ambiguous with comments and direction. Littlest mistake in her course will cost you big.
5.0 : Tina Roehr is making me consider changing my major and becoming an English professor.  The articles she chooses make you think.  And she's always so nice when you need to contact her.  Really, a gem.
4.0 : I took Math 160 from Professor Reseigh and she honestly saved me from failing this course. I am terrible at math and was really stressing, but she is always willing to help. She offers tons of options to seek help so there's basically no excuses. Homework assignments are long and time consuming which is the only annoying part but it still helps.
4.5 : Great professor. Clear, concise and tries to give her students authentic practice. Quite a bit of HW but it is not graded. It is just recommended because quizzes are based off HW problems. Analee is super nice and seems like she truly wants her students to succeed. I missed class a few times but was never reprimanded nor did it affect my grade.
4.5 : Analee is a wonderful teacher. She is engaging, takes the time to help you individually, and truly cares about her students. I went to several of her study sessions and she sat down and helped me personally on my homework. If you have to take math 160 I HIGHLY suggest you take it from her. She was the best math teacher I have ever had.
5.0 : Analee is the best professor by far that I've had in college. She makes calculus easy to understand and fun at times, and I'm not naturally good at math. There's weekly quizzes but it helps a lot when it comes to test, and there's only 4 including the final. She is great with giving partial credit, which helps a lot. I highly recommend her!
4.5 : Anna-lee is helpful, smart, and interested in both the subject and students. Overall a good professor.
5.0 : Very helpful and nice. If you have any questions she is more than happy to help. Go to class and do the homework and you will get an A.
5.0 : Analee is a great professor. She makes math a little less dull and really tries to help you as much as she can. She's also a very attractive lady. Take her for Math.
4.5 : Such a great teacher! His pace is a little fast, but he's always there if you need help/more explanation. He's the reason I understand accounting. For his tests, just redo your homework and you'll be fine. Had him for 205
2.0 : Talks above everyones knowledge of accounting. Its obvious hes and upper division professor because he has a hard time slowing down and explaining in layman's terms. Tests are insane and expect to use every minute of the class to complete. homework is easy but didn't seem to help grades much.
5.0 : Master the homework assignments and the exams will be easy. The book is helpful so read it. His lectures are great and he explains everything very clearly.
5.0 : Best teacher in COBE I have had so far.  Took his summer class and found him very easy to understand.  Take this class if you have a choice. I hope to take another class from him in the future.
3.0 : His ACCT 206 class should not be taken as a five week summer class. There is too much information for such a short period of time. He will not tell you what will be on the exams. He requires that you ask specific questions and then he will answer you. So if you take him, be very specific in asking about every single principle that may be tested on.
5.0 : Outstanding professor. Had him for ACCT 410, he moves quickly, but he is a reasonable grader and genuinely wants his students to understand the material and do well. He rewards effort- come to class prepared, ask tons of questions, and he will give you what you need to get a good grade.
5.0 : Excellent instructor that really cares about his students and how they progress through his class and their careers.
5.0 : Took during a five week summer course. Lots of material was covered quickly so you need to know basic accounting concepts from 205. He is very helpful but you must ask questions. Will tell you what is on the exams but you have to ask him about each section. Awesome teacher and understands the student life. He will bend over backwards for students.
4.5 : So far my favorite professor at Boise State.  Lectures are great, he explains the information very well.  I would definitely take a class with him in the future.
5.0 : Great professor! He teaches the zoology part of Gen Bio II and he makes it really interesting. Go to class and fill in the lecture outline he gives and you'll be fine. The final is over both zoology and botany so be sure to keep all your notes from the first half of the class!
4.0 : As long as you go to class and take down the notes he puts up, you will be fine on tests. He structures his notes for the students that is so easy to understand. He also doesn't test on anything that isn't in the notes. I never looked at the book. He really helps you understand the material and see the bigger picture of biology.
4.5 : Go to class for his portion of BIOL 192. He only posts the outlines of his lectures, but they aren't fill in the blank. He always says he never tests over the book, which is true. Always willing to help during exams.
4.0 : If you are not studying 7+ hours each week and probably 12+ hours for weeks with a test you will not get an A. This is a difficult class and you really have to work for it. But Dr. Robertson is still a good teacher, he usually has 1 or 2 tricky questions on tests that can be super annoying.
3.0 : While your score basically depends on your test performance, Dr. Robertson makes it simple to study for them.  His notes are more question-based, where you can answer the questions around what he discusses in lecture.  It helped me greatly when preparing for tests.  He is not hilarious, but he is also not dull.  I would take another class from him.
5.0 : Study his lectures and go to class, and you'll pass.
4.5 : Ian is one of my favorite professors in the department. Lectures and expectations for exams are crystal clear. He is laid-back and will help you a lot if you put in the effortinterest. Make sure that you collect insects early and often (start in summer if you know you're taking the class), just put them in the freezer until you need them for lab.
4.0 : Definitely a class that you need to attend.  However if you show up to class and take notes, you will be fine.  Some questions on the test are worded a bit weird and can be confusing, but most of the test is fine.  The final does go over both the zoology and botany sections, so make sure to keep everything from the first half of class.
4.0 : Dr. Robertson's section of Bio 192 focuses on animals and is fascinating. He's very passionate about the material and can break it down in an understandable way. Tests were similar to Dr. Serpe's but were more conceptually based. He has outlines as opposed to Serpe's powerpoints so expect to take more notes. I never used the textbook once.
5.0 : Dr. Robertson is outstanding.  His entomology class is incredibly interesting (that is if you like bugs).  It's challenging enough for people that are already interested in this particular subject matter which is awesome, because I walked away with more knowledge than I expected.  If you don't like bugs, steer clear, it can be challenging.
2.0 : One of the worst teachers I've ever had. Spends way too much time explaining the basics and very little on difficult parts. Gets side tracked with questions. Tests were long and difficult; many stayed after class to finish. Webassign homework often on material not covered in class. Avoid if possible, get ready to teach yourself if not.
4.0 : Tara is a great teacher. Tests were not difficult and I always knew what was expected of me on tests. Willing to answer questions before and after class. Lectures are clear and concise, but may require a little more detail. This is not an easy A, you have to work for it. But you will spend your energy learning and you will not be confused.
5.0 : Definitely recommend taking her class
4.5 : Tara is an awesome professor. She has been my favorite professor from the Math Department thus far. The material for Differential Equations is not the most straight forward but she managed to make it interesting and fairly simple. I would definitely suggest her for Math 333.
1.0 : Made me not want to attend class(even though I always did). Just spoke in vague references to objects and didn't actually go through any problems. Not a good teacher, and I generally like math.
1.0 : Can't teach. Prepare to teach yourself
4.0 : Tara is a great professor who really cares and will work extra hard to help you understand and pass the class. She really pushes a different perspective which can be hard to work with initially but with some work everything falls into place.
1.0 : I agree with one of the previous posts. She wastes class time by going over the basics, and gets side tracked by questions for far too long. Some not even pertaining to math. She also does not grade peoples exams easily. I have compared my exams to 5 of my fellow classmates to confirm this. The only people rating this class highly are blind.
4.5 : By far one of the best math teachers I've ever had. Spends a lot of time going over the math concepts, uses a lot of visual aids, and only goes over 3-4 problems in class, but in extreme depth . HW is way harder than the tests, but tests are EXACTLY like the reviews. Always willing to help out of class, and I found her humor rather funny and witty.
5.0 : Tara is one of the best math teachers I've ever had. She is very knowledgeable on multiple subjects, and does a good job of relating math to different majors. I wish she taught calc 3 and diff eq also, because I would make sure I took those from her.
5.0 : I had Tara for 189 as well as 175, and she's honestly the best math teacher I've ever had. She wants you to learn and succeed so she's always willing to help out. She's flexible, and while attendance isn't required, I would highly suggest going (and she does take your attendance into account if your grade is borderline). She's awesome!
3.5 : She's very passionate about Math, especially since she used to be an engineer, she involves those concepts into Calc II.  She's tends to change deadlines a lot and only gives out 3 test, which are not that bad I got a B on all. As long as you complete the assignments on Webassign and seek help when you can't understand, you should be fine.
5.0 : Dr. Sheehan for discrete math is great to have because she doesn't waste your time with the math that she doesn't think is important for computer scientists to know how to do. And she makes up for the rest of the time with amusing stories which were more fun to listen to anyway.
5.0 : Professor Sheehan has been my favorite professor at BSU. She is an excellent teacher in the way she explains topics. I would recommend her 10/10.
5.0 : For God's sake, take this woman for Calc 2! you will find no better at BSU. She is a very engaging professor who uses her knowledge to teach and entertain. She explains a lot of difficult concepts with easy comparisons and makes calc a lot less intimidating. She explains clearly what will be on the test, and challenges you in a good way MUST TAKE!
5.0 : If you ever have a chance to take any of Tara's classes, DO IT! She is an amazing professor who really wants her students to not only pass, but understand the material. She is willing to go over material as many times as needed until everyone is ready to move on. She is literally the best calculus instructor you could have.
5.0 : Tara is an amazing professor.  Showing up to class is weighted heavily on passing, so I thoroughly recommend going to class.  Class participation is huge, and it is fun.  The final is weighted heavily, but if you read the book (it is much cheaper than most math books, with integrated participation points per chapter/section read).
4.5 : Web assign (with practice another version), written homework assignments worth 20% of grade! (seriously do them). Allowed to use calculators on exams! Uses book examples and examples of problems we'll run into in life. Completely recommend.
4.5 : She is very passionate about what she teaches, which makes it interesting for the student as well. As long as you are willing to put forth the effort, you should be able to pass just fine. It's definitely important to go to class because she'll put things on her tests that she thoroughly went over in class, but not really anywhere else.
5.0 : Tara is an awesome professor. She really wants everyone to pass. Homework was due every sunday at midnight through an online website called WileyPlus. There were 2 written homeworks that were fairly easy. If you pay attention you will pass. She gives a lot of partial credit on exams. 2 Exams during the semester and then the final.
3.5 : I like her teaching styleset-up.  She is good at asking questions in class that get her students thinking and she really does care about her students.  Having said that, she really shouldn't be teaching 189.  She hardly understands the material better than the higher students in the class. She acts as if she hasn't learned the material before.
3.0 : I did not mind Professor Sheehan, she lectured the material very well. The Math 189 course, however, was completely unorganized. What she taught in class did not correspond with what was provided in the textbook. Thankfully, only the quizzes tested over the textbook specifics. The final exam was based on her in-class lectures.
4.0 : I would suggest this  class to anyone wanting to take a history class or just trying to fulfill some generals class! She's a super awesome teacher and our final was fun and easy to do (in a good way!). I would take her class again or have her as a teacher again.
2.0 : I always felt Professor Baxter wasn't clear on anything. She demanded a lot, but I felt she didn't hold the same standard for herself. I felt her TA did more of the work than she did.
4.0 : Seems very difficult at first but after first few weeks you see its just her personality. Very funny and as long as you go to class and do all assignments, an A is manageable. Lectures can be boring at times but class is overall not too bad.
5.0 : Professor Baxter might come off as strict at first. But overall she is a great professor. The assignments she gives are more than manageable and as long as you do what she requires of you she will give you a good grade. I also like how she doesn't let students get away with a "it depends" answer, she will make choose a viewpoint and defend it.
4.5 : Dr. Baxter is an excellent teacher! Class content is intense with the research project, but is definitely worth staying in the class.  She pushes you to be a better student and cares about your education. Always recommend!
4.0 : Kate is so cool. She walks in the room and is so intimidating but she is very nice. Whatever you do, don't use electronics unless your textbook is online. You get papers every week, but they are really not that big of deal.
2.5 : Very different sense of humor, hard to get along with at times. Papers are hard until you figure out what she expects and then they're a piece of cake. Boring lectures most of the time. Papers assigned every week. Textbook essential to completing assignments and can be used on exams.
4.0 : I didn't know much about history, but taking this class with Kate was a really fun learning experience. You write a paper once a week, and the exams are just an in-class essay. She grades pretty easy if you do what is expected. She has a funny sense of humor, and her lectures were usually quite interesting.
5.0 : Yes, Kate can be tough through paper drafts, but only because she wants to make each person the best writer and thinker he or she can be. I think she did a great job of engaging the class in discussions. Very enjoyable.
5.0 : In the 5 semesters I spent at BSU Kate was the only professor I ever really connected with - the kind of teacher you never forget. I've never met any other educator who had such spirit at inspiring students and demanding nothing but the best from them. Kate's classes are a journey. Do not embark unless you are willing to consider new perspectives.
5.0 : Kate is one of my favorite teachers! Most  people don't do very well on their first paper for the class, but once you understand what her expectations are, the class is a lot of fun! She's really funny and wants you to succeed, but can be a bit of a tough grader - put in the effort, participate in class, and you'll do just fine.
5.0 : She is an amazing professor. She can be tough with paper drafts but it incredibly helpful. The critiques she gives are for your benefit. She cares about what you are learning and wants to succeed. If you show her that you care, do the reading, and participate in class discussion, this class will be enjoyable.
5.0 : She is fantastic! She engages with the students all the time, she wants to know what you are thinking. She will push you to think further and more critically. The paper isn't too bad to write, she gives great feedback on it. She is a quick to respond on emails. You have a reading due every week, but they aren't too bad. Definitely recommend.
3.0 : I love Kate Baxter! She is so great at what she does, and she is totally worth taking. It's not easy, but it's a worthwhile class for sure! Quite a lot of writing.
3.0 : Great 101 history class!
4.0 : Lisa is a great person and really cares about what she is teaching. Class is not too difficult. Only problem I had was lectures can be  very long and boring. Attendance is mandatory.
3.0 : Very hard class and ridiculous assignments and research paper. I'd never take any classes with her
4.5 : Lisa is such a nice lady! I was in her cross cultural section so the class was a bit slower paced. She gives a study guide for her tests so you know exactly what to study for. Lecture isn't too bad, she tries to keep it entertaining. Very few homework assignments and 2 speeches-one informative and the other persuasive (this one is done in a group).
5.0 : Very interactive teacher. Active online and easy to get a hold of. Tough weekly quizzes. Lots of reading and tons of essays. I did a ton more writing in this class than all of my others combined.
2.0 : Avoid this class online. You are required to Read 2 chapters in one book and two chapters in another book and watch 2 long videos each week. Then you have 10 minutes to answer 10 questions. You just can't win in this class if you want something better than a B.
4.0 : Very easy class, only 3 essays and minor reading assignments that take less than 30 minutes to complete. Instructions can be confusing at times but she is quick to help. Do all the homework and spend time on the essays and youll get an A.
4.5 : I took class with Lana on spring 2014 she was one of the best english professor i have taken with. She was helpful and she gave us 2 free absence but i skipped 2 more but still managed to pass easily just do the assigments show up.
3.5 : I highly recommend Lana for ENGL 101. You will learn, you will work hard, you will read and write a LOT. But, if you want to do well in other classes, she is the one to lay the foundation for success in critical reading, thinking and writing.  She expects participation and effort. If you do this, you will get a well deserved A or B.
5.0 : Some people in class seemed to be struggling, but if you just show up and turn in quality work when its due you'll be fine. I had a one credit lab with the standard english class and since I turned everything in on time and with moderate effort, it was the easiest 4 credit A I've ever received.
4.0 : One of my favorite instructors. Its simple to pass her class, just attend all classes and do all the homework and you'll be fine.
4.5 : She's strict and very clear on assignments, but very good at teaching. Assignments  are frequent yet fair and not too overbearing. Gives great feedback to you writing. Really helped me improve my writing abilities. Make sure you get MLA citations correct thought as she will stick to the format solidly.
4.0 : Lana was an amazing prof. show up and do the homework and you will pass. three main papers and a 15-20 page portfolio at the end of the semester. only really tedious part was the assigned journal responses. overall highly recommended
4.0 : She was a very good professor! I loved her. We hardly ever had any homework just a couple readings every week and three major essays. It may seem like a lot of writing but it is the same three essays you are just revising and making better. Also she loves animals so there's a way to get on her good side and to distract class.
5.0 : Garza is my absolute favorite Spanish professor at Boise state. I have taken other classes taught by her and have loved them all. She is funny, easy going, and truly inspired by what she teaches. Grading is straight forward.
2.0 : Professor Garza was one of the most frustrating teachers I have ever had in my life. She expected things to be done with a certain level of correctness (at least for advanced speakers), yet somehow n ever gave adequate feedback, or feedback at all, on the assignments. What's the point of doing things if you're not going to get any feedback?
4.5 : Awesome teacher. Took him for both 227 and 228. I don't think there's such a thing as an "Easy A" in A&amp;P. But if you go to class, take good notes, pay attention, and prep like you should for an exam you'll get an A. Very nice, funny guy, laid back. Very approachable and easy to learn from. Straightforward tests, RARELY surprises.
5.0 : Ryan is awesome! I have learned so much in his class. I would recommend his to anyone that needs to take BIO 227. He explains things so that you understand it the first time around. He is funny and keeps the class engaged. The only homework are learn smart activities and he lets you complete them on your own time. Great teacher, great class!
3.5 : Ryan is great to take an already tough Anatomy course through. He's really knowledgeable, and is always available to answer any questions. I looked forward to his lectures because he not only addresses the information well, but articulates them in ways that are much easier to comprehend.  He also adds in funny jokes to lighten up the class.
5.0 : Ryan is awesome, his tests are completely straight forward, he doesn't try and throw you off during exams,  which he doesn't put a time limit on and you take them in the testing center. Go to in class exam reviews before every test. Ryan can tell when the class gets bored and will throw in a joke and mix it up to keep our minds awake! Loved him.
4.0 : Ryan is a super chill and very intelligent guy. His lectures focus on understanding overall concepts then going into specifics. His grading is very clear and grades are updated as soon as assignments are finished. No real surprises on the exams; just follow the review guides and go to his pre-exam reviews in class and you should be fine.
5.0 : Ryan is a great professor, always willing to help you. His test are straight forward and to the point. His lectures weren't too long, and he added humor into the mix, so I actually looked forward to going to his class. He does his lecture and lab tests at the same time over the same material, which I LOVED! Great class would recommend Ryan any day.
5.0 : Jarrod gives super easy quizzes to make sure you're paying attention. That's the hardest bit. Other than that, he talks about the material in an interesting way, and the conversations can get both hilarious and inappropriate (in a good way). Would love to take another class from him.
4.0 : Great class, great teacher. Expect to read and write lots of discussion boards. Jarrod is a fair professor, graded on effort and gives lots of feedback. Wouldn't recommend getting last year's textbook; I did that, and none of the stories were in it. However, I could find most of the texts online to read (for free) or borrow it from the library.
4.5 : I loved this class, it was my second time taking it, as I had to drop last semester. Dr. Hurlbert is a very good/easy professor. You have to read the books and take quizzes, but if you actually read and do the assigned work, he is NOT a hard grader at all. Very easy to pass if you put in just even a little effort.
5.0 : Awesome prof.!! He gives so much extra material to help you in his Online Humanities 207 class, even extra credit. A lot of work but all the materials you need to make an A are provided. He's quick to respond to questions &amp; he's very helpful too. A+ professor.
5.0 : Amazing professor! I really enjoyed his online class. He gives so much material so anyone can make an A As long as they make an effort. He even has extra credit! A lot of work, but it's online. He's easy to understand and quick to reapond to email or discussion questions. He's very involved with his class
5.0 : Most exceptional professor in my opinion. He genuinely cares about you and wants you to learn. He takes into account the needs of each student. Flexible with turn-in dates. Very kind. Very knowledgeable. He is willing to answer any questions.
4.0 : This was a hybrid class so we only met 8 times all semester. There was a great deal of busy work going along with normal research work.
4.5 : I decided to rate Dr. Barnes because when the end of semester came and there were issues with our final group project, she chose to open up a discussion rather than blindly grade based on what little she knew about what happened. We ended up talking it out and resubmitting the paper. I am impressed by her resolution and learned a lot from it!
4.5 : Mrs. French is a great teacher for anyone starting out in Japanese. She cares a lot about her student's progress and will work with you personally to make your experience better. She also usually has a TA on hand, who are also very helpful. I would recommend this class!
4.5 : Carrie Seymour is passionate about literature and her passion is infectious.  Although she is within the top five of the best professors I have experienced in my college career while at another university, she is the best professor at Boise State.  If you're serious about your education, Carrie Seymour is the best choice.
4.0 : Carrie is one of the most helpful professors I have met yet. She actually cares if you do well in her class. All you have to do is try and participate.
5.0 : I absolutely hated Carrie at the beginning of the semester. She is in your face about things and expects a lot out of you. After a few weeks, she warmed up to us and was really helpful. She is an amazing professor and she wants to see your succeed, but only if you show up and work for it.
5.0 : Carrie is probably one of my favorite people on this planet. Though intimidated by her at first, I learned SO much in her class. Her passion for literature truly rubs off on her students, and her sense of humor made the three hour class fly by - but be ready to learn. Caring, insightful, hilarious. Best prof I've ever had.
5.0 : Hands down my favorite professor. She expects you to engage with the material and sources. She made me laugh all the time; her dry sense of humor makes even James Agee more bearable. If I can swing it, I'd love to take another class with here. She's a rock star.
5.0 : Learned more from her than I have in any other class at Boise State! She makes you a way better writerreader and I actually enjoyed attending class. She pushes you and has plenty of expectations for the class but if you do the work, which really isn't that much, it's an easy good grade!
5.0 : Carrie is the best professor at Boise State.  She actually makes you work for your grade and if you put forth the effort, you will learn and more than likely develop a passion for literature.  Unfortunately, she is the only professor of this caliber at BSU.    She is simply amazing and should probably be teaching at an Ivy league school.
4.0 : She is great! I can't thank her enough for her diligence and understanding. She was willing to work with me even when I was unable to buy a book. The course has a writing boot camp component. It all worked out just fine. The group project topics that the Professor chose were appropriate yet challenging. The course is rather complex and covers every
4.0 : Carrie was an excellent teacher. She makes you work for your grade, and will give you a lot of feedback. She also held a lot of workshops and  one-on-one time, which was a major plus. She helped me through the semester, and made summer classes actually worth it. While she is a tough teacher, you will not regret having her.
5.0 : Carrie is absolutely the best teacher I've ever had! She makes the assignments very clear, and explains everything in depth. She genuinely cares about the success of her students. She is funny, passionate, and very knowledgeable. I feel honored to be one of her students. She is very straightforward, and seems to love feedback from her students.
4.0 : Carrie is wonderfully blunt. Even if you don't like literature, you will enjoy her class a lot. Lots of reading and tough grading, but it makes you a better student. She is willing to clarify and meet with students. A midterm, final paper, and final exam, and daily reading. Class discussions are usually good, but could be better and more in depth.
4.0 : She has spent a lot of time trying to figure out how she wants to teach this class because it's her first time teaching this particular course, but she's extremely intelligent and a very caring and intriguing person. I really enjoy her class.
4.0 : She is a strict teacher, but she wants her students to succeed. The readings were challenging but we always discussed them in class which helped. Great feedback throughout the course and my writing improved a lot!
5.0 : Carrie is excellent! She is the epitome of what a good professor stands for! Heavy workload in the class reading/writing wise but if you stay on top of things and put in effort it's a cake-walk. She gives great feedback, and has excellent information to provide her students! Would and will take more classes in the future!
5.0 : Carrie Seymour is one of my favorite people. She loves students who love being students, and hates (vocally) students who are rude, who do not pay attention, or who try to fake their way through assignments. If you give her courses honest effort, she will reciprocate with an awesome, no-nonsense class that will inspire you to love the material
5.0 : Carrie is honestly one of the most wonderful professors ever. She's absolutely hilarious, actually cares about what she is teaching, and is 100% honest with her classes about the subjects and grading and things like that. She's incredibly knowledgeable and I learned a lot from her class.
5.0 : Professor Seymour has been my favorite professor so far. She is acerbic, witty, and a total hoot. She cares about the classes' success, and if you are willing to follow the instructions and put in the work, you'll do great. Just don't expect to wing an assignment in half an hour. I'd love to take a class with her again.
5.0 : Amazing professor. I didn't think I'd like the class and only took it because I had to, but it turned out to be one of my favorites this semester. She is extremely  helpful and answers questions right away. Her wicked sense of humor makes even material not inherently riveting interesting.  You have to work in her class, but expectations are clear.
4.5 : One of the best instructors I have ever had. Be prepared to read. Be prepared to think and articulate a position. You will write for this class. Lots of work but worth it.
2.0 : Hated this class even though I was very motivated and interested in the subject (Human Trafficking.) The professor was very poorly prepared and the promised guest speakers did mostly not materialize. I am actively avoiding taking any more classes from this professor.
4.5 : Excellent instructor, he really made learning Spanish a wonderful experience. on to Spanish 102
5.0 : Profe turned Spanish around for me. It went from a chore and something I hated in high school, into my favorite class of all time. For the first time Spanish made sense. He does an excellent job at engaging his students. I took his class as a retake to get a better grade and ended up changing my minor to Spanish. Phenomenal professor.
5.0 : I LOVE PROFESSOR SHEEHY! He sings songs with us and plays games with us, all in an effort to help us master the language. I took Spanish in high school so the class was a lot easier for me, but he does a great job of slowing it down for the beginners. I would for sure take him again, and would recommend him in a heartbeat!
5.0 : An incredible instructor. He doesn't simply drill students: he teaches us to get comfortable with the language. We tell stories, sing songs, and basically act like five-year-olds. Attendance is mandatory, but you stop caring because it's so enjoyable. It's a really friendly environment and definitely facilitates learning.
5.0 : Profe Sheehy es muy fantastico!!!!! I took Spanish I at the College of Western Idaho and just noticed Profe Sheehy received an award at the Celebration of Teachers Dinner. He is an amazing teacher! His enthusiasm and energy level are always high and he really does listen and want to help his students learn. His passion for teaching shows.
5.0 : Profe Sheehy is by far the greatest spanish professor i have ever had, he makes you work for it, but the energy he brings to class makes you want to work for it.
5.0 : He was the best professor I have ever had! I loved this class and it was fun. I had him for a nearly 2 hour lecture twice a week, and never got bored in class. He has great ways to memorize difficult concepts and he really cares about students! I wish he taught classes above 102 because I would choose him as a professor for a spanish course any day
5.0 : Profe Sheehy is the hombre. Truly cares about his job. Gave so many tips and tricks and songs to remember concepts. Attendance and participation needed, but he made every class fun.  Would definitely take another class from Profe.
5.0 : Awesome class! awesome professor! he makes the class silly and easy to learn!
5.0 : Profe is the BEST teacher to take Spanish 101 with at BSU. He teaches high school too, so his only sections are at night, but it's worth it. His lectures are engaging and hilarious. He provides memory aids for learning a second language including songs, mnemonics, silly stories, and aural, visual, and kinetic aids. He truly cares about his students
5.0 : Prof Sheehy is the most enthusiastic professor I've ever had. He strives to keep the energy level up and to engage with every student. I cannot recommend him enough.
5.0 : Profe Sheehy was my very first Spanish teacher. His passion towards teaching Spanish and helping students shows in his class.  Our class was filled with songs, actions, videos, and stories. The key to success in this class is to FULLY PARTICIPATE and be ready to have fun with him.  Take his class and you'll learn Spanish in many surprising ways.
4.0 : Art is super nice and a bit odd but it's what makes his lectures interesting. He writes notes for you so you don't even need the book. He really cares and listens to students feedback and will change the class in accordance with what we tell him. Overall content with how things were run.
5.0 : Art is very unique. He always makes jokes and has lots of stories. the stories can be a little one winded but always applicable to the material. very responsive to students in class and through email.
5.0 : Art is a great guy and he levels with his students. You won't leave the class with a memory of every term or of every concept, but you'll be able to succeed without reading the book or studying. You learn everything you need to learn in class and he engages students in his lectures. Very easy class. Great professor.
4.0 : Tells you what to expect, Tells you how to do it.  Explains very well.
5.0 : Art Gregory is an amazing professor who really cares about his students. While participation is expected, Professor Art's humor and engaging teaching style promotes a fun learning environment. If you come to class, do the assignments, and are willing to engage with your fellow classmates, you will not be disappointed in your grade.
4.5 : The easiest A I have ever received. Art likes to talk...a LOT. He uses up the entire class time for lectures, videos, etc. You need to do a few speeches, but the criteria is clear and easy.
5.0 : Art is a great guy, he truly cares about his students and wants everyone to do well. He does get side tracked easy and he is long winded but he is a lot of fun.
4.0 : 2 quizzes per class, mid-term, final, project.  If you listen, pay attention and do the reading, you'll be fine.
5.0 : Really amazing teacher. Will work with the student as much as possible to ensure they succeed in both the course and their career goals.
4.5 : Great teacher, not so great about grading. Obviously a very busy guy.
5.0 : Awesome professor! Very laid back, not a lot of huge assignments. Very funny! Wants to make sure you have a good writing basis. Contribute in class and you'll do well.
5.0 : John is super chill and understands that kids don't like this class. He has a different teaching style in that he teaches you what you need to know, makes sure that everyone is on the same page, and doesn't throw crap at you to fill time, which is nice. He's very smart and easy to work with. I highly recommend taking this class with him.
1.0 : Was not nice to women. When I asked why I got a bad grade, all I got back was "I've been grading for 11 years, I know what that grade looks like." Rude. Would not take again.
4.5 : Really funny and helpful. Loved his unusual essay topics, and  would take his classes again even though I don't need them for my degree.
4.0 : He is one of the best English teachers that I have ever had. The class was really easy and the essay topics were really fun and open ended. I would recommend taking a class from him.  He also cancels class a lot which is pretty great.
5.0 : Had him as one of my first professors at Boise state and he's a great one. Show up do your work and you'll do fine. He is super engaging and wants his students to succeed
5.0 : Very mellow and willing to spend moderate amounts of time not doing schoolwork related stuff. Not a super tough grader, just meet his few requirements and you'll get an A. No tests, not a huge workload.
3.5 : Very laid back!
3.0 : John is a chill professor and doesn't expect much from students EXCEPT when submitting essays. Classes are always easy, not much is planned, and you will almost always be let out early. He is a tough grader on the essays, but don't let that discourage you from taking his class. He is definitely one of the most laid-back professors I have had.
4.0 : I took John for English 101 and loved him so I took him again for 102. He is super laid back and does not waste your time with busy work. No tests, just the 3 required essays that all English students must write.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor at Boise State. You need to take his class
4.0 : Very laid back! Class never actually went the full hour and fifteen minutes. 3 essays all semesters. No tests. Very easy and nice.
4.0 : Professor Ottey is one of my favorite teachers at Boise State. He cancels class often. He is also very willing to help you with any paper he has assigned. I am taking his class again next semester for Eng102 because I enjoyed his class so much this semester.
4.0 : John is a super chill guy and likes to have class field trips around campus. We wrote 3 essays the entire semester and all were fairly simple. Good teacher and an easy class.
5.0 : He's super chill and laid back, he cancels class often. He is super willing to help you with any paper and will try and help you get a good grade in his class.
1.0 : Stupidest class I ever took. He talked more about how great President Obama was than the Civil War. I learned absolutely nothing, but had to attend because attendance was mandatory.
4.5 : Attendance was mandatory but I really liked his class. He's super clear about expectations and shows his love of history. At first he seemed kind of gruff but he's really not you've just got to take the chance to get to know him. I really loved his teaching style and the class went by really quick. If I could take his class again I would.
5.0 : I have taken several history course with Dr. Ansbach. It is unfortunate to hear he is retiring. I hope if he ever decides to teach again, you all on Ratemyprofessors will see this review and decide to take his course. He genuinely cares about his students and really just wants you show up and demonstrate that you are interested in the material.
1.0 : Worst online class ever. The first two months nothing on our online homework worked. He kept changing his grading though out  the semester and was never clear on what needed to be done. Wouldn't recommend taking it from him
1.0 : He is very condescending, especially if you ask for help and he thinks the answer should be obvious. Boarder line rude when emailing as well. The tests are confusing and tricky, not a lot of time given to take them in. All around bad professor
3.0 : I'm taking the HLTHST101 class online. I've taken online classes for three years, and I can say that the time limit on completing an exam is very short. 22 minutes for 35 questions is lame. It is an easy course. The book we are using truly sucks when it comes to the layout of it. It's difficult to find things. Hopefully the book changes next year.
5.0 : I really enjoyed Professor Anderson's medical terminology course.  He takes what could have been a pretty plain online class and spruces it up by adding lots of real world scenarios from his work.  Be prepared to read a lot and take notes, especially if you don't have any background in the medical field.  Extra credit opportunities on each exam.
5.0 : I love Medical Terminology!! Definetly take this class!!
1.0 : Doesn' care if you have issues, and gives you poor grades if you do.
5.0 : This class was super easy to pass. Jeff assigns a chapter a week and there are a few online activities to complete. The timing on quizzes and tests are short but they are open book and he always adds extra credit. Make sure to participate in the online collaborative each week but other than that the class does not require much work.
5.0 : Easy online class. Tests and quizzes are open book.
2.0 : The homework for this class is easy its the tests and quizes that are a bit challenging. You have barely anytime for them and you find yourself stressing. The class is fairly easy just be prepared to know your stuff before you take a test.
4.5 : Jody has a mom's heart. She is sooooo sweet, delightful, and very helpful. Cares so much about her students. I've taken more than 8 classes with her starting with the 100 level to the 400 level. She is passionate about her field and will tell you exactly what you need to know for exam. Just attend class and study what she point out as important.
5.0 : Dr. Brady is very intelligent and kind. She didn't use textbooks but instead assigned books for us to read. I enjoyed how respectful she was to the students and how much she expected out of us. She was one of those professors that inspires you to apply yourself and learn. I would recommend.
4.5 : Dr. Brady was always kind and had a great attitude. She is fair and gives great feedback, as well as helps fuel discussion and let students get out of the material what they put into learning it.
4.5 : Dr. Brady is one of my top favorite professors of all time. She is super funny and knows her subject. Easily approachable of you run into trouble. Tests are hard but only because she expects you to learn from her lectures that are only available in class. So it's a class you must show up for.
5.0 : I really enjoyed Dr. Brady's class! There was a reading once a week, and 4 papers total. She engages the students with interactive discussions and really knows how to liven up a lecture. I loved this class. I took global environmental history 223.
1.0 : I would not recommend taking this class. The assignments are plentiful, often times covering the same material, but the grading criteria and assignment instructions are very ambiguous. It is routine to have to ask for her intent on each assignment as rarely does she provide clear guidelines. You cannot earn full points on an assignment.
5.0 : Easy class if you attend class and participate. Two group projects and two tests and some other small assignments
3.0 : This class is a bunch of busy work. You have 3 group presentations that take the place of her doing any real work. She is superficial and doesn't help nurture any real management skills. This class was a waste of time and money. Thanks BSU!
1.0 : Absolutely awful. One of the worst professors I've ever had. She is not clear on assignment instructions and acts very annoyedbothered when you ask for help. Her assignments are all pointless. I learned nothing from this class. I HIGHLY suggest anyone to take this course from a different professor that actually knows what they are doing.
4.5 : Very good professor.  Really enjoyed learning about Design Thinking.  She seemed very happy, all the time, and seemed to really take an interest in her students doing well.  Very interesting class, as well.
4.0 : Lots of papers and research.  No traditional tests.  A good learning experience.  The more you want to get out of it the more you will like it.
2.5 : This professor is not very good about making a condensed summer course.  There is SO much busy work and the lectures are not useful at all.  The group work is ridiculous in for a 5 week online class.  She is not very helpful when it comes to dealing with bad group members.  I would suggest if you can take this class from anyone else!
5.0 : I took the online 5weeks session. There are 3 discussion boards, 4 writing assignments individually and 1 final project in groups and 2 test that needs time to prepare for, but they are open book and notes. She is an amazing teacher and easy grader.
2.5 : She is the worst professor I have ever had. When I would email her about issues she wouldn't answer my questions and would act very bothered. There was a ridiculous amount of work. I have never had an online class with this many assignments, group projects, discussion posts and quizzes.
5.0 : Excellent professor very insightful and understanding, The class was super fun and I learned so much about business structure, plenty of time to do homework and just be a great team player and you should Ace the class.
5.0 : Very easy class. More of a participation class rather than a heavy paper or test class. Very laid back and fun compared to how other classes could be. Definitely recommend taking management with her.  No book is needed so don't waste money buying one.
4.5 : Best professor I've had. Incredibly intelligent. Though our political beliefs differed, we were always able to have intellectual and civil discussions.
4.0 : the class is mostly group work but he and his TA are always there to answer questions
4.0 : Doug if the professor to take any math class from. He is very fluent in calculus. The class isn't easy, but this is calc 2. Partial credit is plentiful.
4.0 : Much of the class is self-taught or done in groups, so find a good group of people to work with. That being said, Doug is very knowledgable and will help you if you need it. He makes Calculus as enjoyable as it can be.
2.5 : I had taken intro &amp; pre-calc in high school, so this class was really easy for me. That being said, if I had never been introduced to calc before, this class would've been a nightmare. He never spends more than 15min teaching, you basically just work with the students around you. For me, I loved this, but if you're new to calc, BEWARE. Lots of HW
5.0 : Professor Bullock is one of the best math professors ive ever taken.  His classes were very engaging and the group assignment/lecture design of the class made it much easier and better to engage with the material.  To succeed in the class do you're effing HW and you'll be good to go.
5.0 : Dr. Bullock is the best professor I've ever had. Boise State is lucky to have him creating the Calc 1 curriculum. His section is early in the morning and worth waking up for.
2.0 : As a student who gets almost all A's, I'm a hard worker. I have never taken calculus before and all math classes to me are a nightmare. This class was even worse than that,Doug is a nice guy but he makes you rely on your peers to get answers. He avoids answering your questions and hardly ever gives examples. Non math majors beware!
4.0 : Took him for an honors math 170,  Professor Bullock is a good teacher and I would recommend him, but take care if you go into honors it has a lot of extra assignments above the regular section of the class and he grades them pretty hard
4.0 : He has you working in groups most of the time so if you like lectures I would suggest not taking him.
5.0 : Doug is an awesome professor. I had him for Calc 1 and 2 (170/175) and learning felt so natural in his class. The Web Assign assignments did a great job of starting you off small and then pushing to do more until you can do the entire assignment from start to finish. If he fits in your schedule take him.
5.0 : Doug was the best math professor I have ever had the pleasure of knowing. I have known others who disagree, but they are typically students who want to be hand-fed. Doug has several assignments per week, class is run like a study hall, and you learn by forming your own questions. He makes you work for your grade. Would definitely take again. (:
3.0 : Interesting course. Definitely much easier if you're a woman/ share liberal views. Speaking out against the left wing propaganda gets you docked points and shunned in front of the class. If you like an easy class that you learn what you're forcefed rather than to think for yourself, this is the class for you.
4.0 : Professor Thomas is phenomenal! She is very helpful if she sees that you are willing to put in the effort. She grades more on the content of the papers instead of the grammar and punctuation. Her feed back is very thorough and helpful when it comes to the final project which is worth 40% of the grade. I would definitely recommend taking this class!
1.5 : If you want a professor that will baby you along and treat you like a child go ahead and take her. Learned nothing in this class and she was very condescending and confusing in her instructions. Changed due dates. Said she would give me credit for something, and when I told her she still hadn't given me credit on blackboard she changed her mind.
4.5 : Extremely nice and helpful throughout the semester. Easy A if you do the papers assigned and go to class. Did not need to use the book, she says you need it but you rarely use it.
4.5 : Ms. Thomas was always prepare for class. There are three essay's and in each one she is more then willing to help you out build your ideas into place to write, if needed help. Nothing bad to say about the teacher other then you don't want to miss class three times or else she drops you.
3.0 : I had her for English 102. If you can do 3 easy essays take her, the class load is not difficult. Though, when it comes to her making a mistake, or if you have your own opinions, she's condescending and sometimes wont fix the issue no matter the justification or amount of emails sent.
3.5 : Mrs. Thomas is one of the sweetest ladies you will ever meet! The class is a typical English 101 class with four papers over the semester and the end final is a portfolio. Easy grader as long as you put effort into your papers and she wants you to do well.
4.5 : She is super nice and is always willing to work with students if they have conflicts or need extra help
5.0 : Marian Thomas wants you to succeed as a writer and will give you the tools to become one.  She does not overload you with work.  If you show up for class and do the assignments you will pass.  Marian gives students confidence in their writing and if you take her you will improve as a writer.  She is a wonderful professor and I am taking her for 102
4.0 : I LOVED her. All assignments had clear instructions and she helped you along not in a babyish way, but just as much as she needed to. If you love english take her, and if you don't like english take her. She is such a nice lady and wonderful teacher.
4.5 : I was one of those who sucked at english and hated the subject. But I thought her class was pretty fun even though it was english, she was really helpful, trying to help me with my english. I think that a lot of people would benefit from her if not all and if you don't think she is a great teacher than at least she is way better then most teachers
5.0 : Does a great job instilling the idea all people can improve upon thier writing and getting people to care. Must show up and participate in class. Very nurturing and invested in your college experience. I wasn't worried about the class not being too mapped out bc Mrs. T was direct about what she needed us to do. Enjoyed English coursework bc of her
3.5 : Good teacher, it's your average Eng 101, lots of papers, but she does all she can to make it interesting.
4.0 : She is such a great teacher, and really does try to relate to her students. She really opened my eyes to a different way of writing. She is very nice and encouraging in every assignment that you do.  She is an all around great teacher and great person, I would definitely recommend her class!
5.0 : Shes a cute little old lady who gives you 4 essays throughout the year and that is all you do. she helps you tremendously and really makes you think when you write. She is pretty easy as long as you really try because there is only 70 pts all year until you do your portfolio which is 40% of the grade. CHOOSE HER shes the best.
5.0 : Mrs. Thomas was great to learn from. Go to class. You only get a certain number of points that make up sixty percent of your grade. Some of these points come from in class activities. Not going to class is equivalent to shooting yourself in the foot. She's fair, honest and loves input from the class.
5.0 : Professor Thomas is a kind and helpful woman. Her instructions and feedback are constructive, thoughtful, and clear. As long as you show up, you'll pass the class. There are only four essays throughout the semester with small amounts of assignments. She encourages open discussions in class and is often available outside of class for extra help.
5.0 : Very Helpful and patient.
3.5 : go to study sessions there actually helpful. gives many opportunities to turn in extra credit that may or may not get entered. I did very well in the class until the final which was nothing like the practice exam she gives you . In all avoid this teacher an A can turn into a C because of the final thats suppose to be cumulative .
3.5 : WAY TOO MUCH GROUP WORK. It wouldn't have bothered me so much except she incorporates it into exams - so your grades are left to chance between yourself and three or four other people. Not okay. I'm a good student but work better figuring things out on my own, especially under the pressure of an exam. For a math course, this is ridiculous.
4.0 : This instructor teaches a course that can be passed feasibly by simply going to class and paying attention.
2.0 : It is an overall hard class if you are not a mathematics major. I took this class as a preq. for another major and she seemed to favor the math majors a lot more. Sometimes her explanation for things were really unclear. We do a lot of group work. She is a nice person but not a good professor. Recommend taking this course with another professor.
5.0 : I've never been good at math,  barely got a B in Algebra. Got an A in this class. She lets you make test corrections for credit &amp; re-do certain hwk assignments. She's all about actually learning the material. SUPER helpful, always available. Make sure you understand the homework, go to class and get help if you need it; lots of tutoring available.
5.0 : I'm just starting my second degree. She is easily a top 5 professor I've ever had. She explains topics well, the group structure was incredibly helpful, and her tests were tough, but fair. Couldn't recommend her more. I wish she taught Calc II or Discrete. I would take her class again in a heartbeat.
3.5 : She's actually a great professor, but she writes her own tests, and they're pretty hard. The only negative thing about her is her tests. She is super helpful though.
5.0 : I really enjoyed Dr. Johnson's class. She structures the course so that every class, you group up with your assigned team, take a short quiz, she lectures a bit, then you work on that days assignment as a team. There is twice a week but it's pretty short.  She is very good at explaining the material and makes it easy to understand. Highly recommend
4.5 : I took a hybrid class, so we only met in class once a week and had a super short, easy online assignment later in the week.  The hybrid format was awesome! Do that if you can.  Stacie was super nice.  She tried her best to make the class enjoyable.  The essays are short and easy.  No tests.
4.0 : Stacie is my favorite kind of teacher: if you show up and do the work, you're going to pass, and likely with a good grade, but she's very detailed in her feedback, so if you're a more serious writer you can still benefit  from her instruction. Good readings too.
5.0 : Had Stacy this semester as part of the hybrid course. Really helpful professor, allows you  to catch up with notebook work. But do not miss class, you only have one class every week, just go to it. She's a really nice person, and knows her stuff. No tests, get the work done within the time frame and it's easy to get an A.
5.0 : This was a hybrid class which means you only have to go once a week and the other day is online, because of this it is critical to attend class on the day you do have it. Stacie was always very responsive to emails, and always gave good feedback on your essays. The end of the semester portfolio is rough, but other than that this class was amazing!
2.0 : Stacie is one of the worst professors that I have had here at Boise State. Her idea of a writing workshop is to let students workshop for about five minutes and then lecture the entire rest of the time. She also says the same things every single lecture, or at least in 201. She it not helpful and super annoying. If you can, take someone else.
5.0 : AMAZING! She really works with the students on how each writer has a different style. Do the work, and show up! Her lectures aren't boring, she doesn't make you take notes or tests, unless she thinks you aren't participating. She is extremely talented as a teacher, and I highly recommend her for ANY English course!
5.0 : Best English class i have ever taken, you have to a trump supporter for not choosing this class.
3.0 : 40% of your grade is your final portfolio which is rough. She grades tough on it. Other then that you mostly read out of a book which helps you with your writing process. You only have class 1 out of the 2 days a week. The second day there is just a task online you have to complete.
4.5 : Amanda is a great teacher! She is clear, concise, and always willing to help! ALEKs is Spain, but she does her best to engage you. With any of the math classes, there are tutor sessions available throughout the day and week, use them. She tyoically replies to any emails within a day. I started off doing horrible and she pushed me got my B!
4.5 : I've had to take this class three times and she's great! Takes the time to explain concepts and answer questions. Always comes prepared with problems to lecture on. Very helpful and understanding. The tests are fair too, no surprises or anything too hard.
5.0 : If you can choose any math teacher and Amanda is an option, take her class! Amanda is a fantastic math teacher. She always explains concepts to a degree you'll understand them and is eager to help and show different ways to accomplish the math problems. You'll do most homework and tests on the ALEKS software and a few in class assignments.
5.0 : Good professor, knows her stuff. I've taken multiple classes from Amanda (Algebra through Calculus), if you're willing to put in the time and effort to learn the material. Lots of homework (inherent to all math classes), tests are difficult. She is a procrastinator at returning work, but she is a very fair grader. Recommend, if you want to learn.
1.0 : Spends time with her students but sometimes she spends too much time working with that one individual student when others need help too. Her exam reviews for her written tests are next to none.
3.0 : I don't find her helpful at all. All it is, is Aleks and activities... which every class is like that, but she doesn't help at all. she's nice, but wish I would have taken someone else.
5.0 : Great teacher teaching a difficult subject with a very crowded group, overall I enjoyed her class but it was not easy you have to put in work on your own.
4.0 : This is my third class from this teacher and I'll be taking two more from her. Lectures in class with notes and follows along with the book. Provides great example and doesn't have homework due until the section is completely covered in class. Very fair grader on tests and gives partial credit if she can see you know the material. Best teacher!
5.0 : Amanda was great. I was terrified of advanced math classes when i began college, but she makes it seem less daunting. Very fair policies, and really laid back attitude. I would recommend her, and I will probably take Calculus with her!
4.0 : No doubt one of the best math professors i have ever had. She gives a thorough lecture and is willing to help out  during class. However you will need to do your weekly six hours on Aleks. USE YOUR NOTEBOOK. you will be graded on your work with ALEKS. Very friendly and can be reached outside of class.
3.5 : Although it's an ALEKS class, she is great at explaining topics in multiple ways until you understand it. I'm not good at math, but having a professor that you can stand makes all the difference. She's quirky and funny at times. She wants to see you succeed, but will get on you if you're slacking. Very helpful.
5.0 : This teacher is a great teacher. I took her for calculus and did a lot better than I thought was possible. She always takes time to make sure everyone understands what she is teaching and always finds time for her students. Super laid back and lax grader so long as it looks like you know what you are doing. I would recommend this teacher to anyone.
5.0 : Took Amanda at CWI for 143 and 144. Hands down the best math instructor there. She treats students like human beings, not just numbers on a spreadsheet. She accommodates students when life hits. If you've never taken trig, be mindful that it is an extremely difficult course for just 2 credits. But Amanda is aware of this and makes sure you're ready
3.5 : Professor Willoughby is a great teacher, but she rarely lectures. If you have questions she will explain problems very clearly, but until you ask you won't understand. The class used Alek's for homework and part of tests. There are 3 tests the whole semester. She is very fair and will work with you on any issues. I would take her class again.
5.0 : Wonderful professor. She always takes the time to explain anything you ask her, and makes sure you understand it. I took 108 in a summer session which was a little over 2x as fast, and the class was still pretty easy. She gives you free "passes" for accidentally missing deadlines. I recommend her to new students who might be nervous especially.
5.0 : She is a great teacher. The only downfall of this class is that we use ALEKS, but Professor Willoughby is extremely helpful and is always willing to answer questions. She's very good at explaining things, and she genuinely wants to make sure we do well. Go to class, complete your time and topics for ALEKS, study for tests, and you will do fine.
3.0 : This class is really easy if you've taken algebra before. Willoughby is always willing to help you understand concepts but Aleks is online and explains everything for you anyways so the class was easy and I tested out a month early. She does take attendance and grades on topics completed and time spent (6 hours).
5.0 : Amanda has been teaching for years and always knows the best explanation for any math problem you are doing. She is very helpful if you're looking to gain knowledge. ++!
4.0 : Good teacher, cares about student success. The Aleks program was the toughest part of the course, required at least 6 hours a week and a varying amount of math topics to be completed individually. Tests are graded leniently, as long as you have something written down you'll get some points.
5.0 : This was my third class with Christine Moore.  I take her classes because I know what to expect; she is organized and her lectures are interesting.  I thought Nonverbal was fun overall - lots of activities and funny video examples.  But, the textbook for this class was super-boring!!  If you like structure, she is the professor for you.
4.0 : This class is easy as long as you pay attention! You can tell Christine Moore really cares about her students.
4.0 : Christine taught PR very well. For someone who was interested in what the field looked like, she did a good job of showing that. The class is basically a semester long series of group projects with the same group throughout. I had a good group so I enjoyed it. Recommend this if you're interested in PR or just want some real world skills
4.0 : Christine is one of my favorite professors. I have had her for 3 different classes and enjoyed each one. She knows what she's talking about and makes class engaging by doing group work or activities rather than lecture the entire time. If you get your work done to your best ability you will pass. She doesn't just hand out good grades to everyone
4.0 : Christine makes you work for the grade, no doubt. Work itself isn't too hard, she gives clear guidelines but it is a lot to do. She is clear in her lectures, she knows her stuff. She does give extra credit, and she does grade on participation. Beware: lots of group work in this course. If you don't like groups DO NOT take Intro to PR.
5.0 : She is AMAZING. By far the best professor I've ever had. She's difficult but it's only because she knows that you're capable of doing well. She will 100% go out of her way to help you if you ask for it. 10/10. This is my fourth class with her.
4.0 : Hard for sophomore level but learned a lot!
4.0 : Christine is awesome. This class was very insightful and it was not hard at all. For how little effort I had to put towards this class I was very surprised by how much I learned in this class. I would definitely recommend this class with Christine. She is super relaxed and the papers you write are super easy. Going to class was enjoyable.
3.0 : She is a good teacher, but this semester she was extremely rude and tough. Graded very hard, and there's a huge group project at the end of the semester, and a paper and quiz every week.
3.0 : You work with a group the entire semester. If you don't plan on going into PR DO NOT take this class. Even if you are going into PR I would reconsider just so you wouldn't have to deal with her.
2.0 : If you like feedback on the things that you do in classes, then for the love of god don't take this class unless you want to finish a reflection and not see it until a month later. She even admitted to not really caring about grading the papers for out specific class. On the flip side she is a wonderful person and really cares about her students.
1.5 : This professor lectures well, however he thinks he is the premium resource on his subject. He knows everything. His tests are purposefully confusing.
4.5 : He lectures very well, and it very good at relating the material to modern day. He is entertaining and knows how to keep students engaged. He makes the class go by fast, and it doesn't feel like the average dreadful 3 hour night class. I had twice a week for 6 hours a week and LOVED going to his classes. He was very helpful in every way!!
4.0 : Seems to be complicated, but isn't. Very forward with what he wants you to know (study the powerpoint slides), and actually spend time on your papers (keep an eye on proper format) and you will do great. Fun classes, interesting stories, relates theory easily.
4.5 : He is one of the best professors I've had at Boise State. I had him last semester for Soc301 and I have him again this semester for Soc310. He's super funny and makes jokes all the time. Most of his students generally seem to respect him and he makes things much easier to understand. He also gives good feedback on papers.
4.0 : Made the night class entertaining, it didn't seem like 3 hours at all. Very good at helping you understand
5.0 : I took a 6:00-9:00 pm class from him, it was long but he is really funny and does not grade hard
4.0 : He was great!  He had excellent ppts that covered all of the test material.  He is entertaining but an academic at heart.  He really wants you to understand the concepts and be able to relate them to current circumstance.  There were a total of 4 writing assignments, 1-500wds, 2-750wds, 1-2000wds, 2 exams which he reviews and participation points.
3.5 : The class revolves almost entirely around two essays which will be used for a final portfolio. The portfolio is worth half of your overall grade. Basically if you do the weekly assignments, mostly editing the drafts, are all due on Thursdays which makes it really easy to keep track of tasks. If you do the work it would be really hard to not pass.
3.0 : This was my first intro back to college after 20 years and I took the course online. I found it extremely easy and my writing level to be above anything that was required. Ruth was organized in her instructions and none of the work really challenged me, but I enjoyed exploring writing in some new ways. Easy A+ if you do all the work.
4.0 : I would not take ENGL 102 with any other professor. Ruth is understanding in the fact that I'm not excited to be in english 102, but is still engaging enough for me to be interested. Her lectures aren't set in stone and flow quite a bit. To put a cherry on top, we only met in class on Tuesday :)
4.0 : Took this class online. Every week was the same. Assignments were due on Thursday, and everything was very repetitive.
5.0 : David is a wonderful professor! David will find different ways to make you remember common confusing rules we encounter when learning Spanish. I can't wait to take higher level classes with him!
3.0 : David is the hardest professor I've ever had. If you didn't take Spanish at least for 2 years in high school, I would stay away from taking his class. Pop quizzes &amp; tests are all fill in the blank, never multiple choice &amp; you have to study a lot to get a descent grade on either. His final is impossible &amp; expect to know how to translate sentences.
5.0 : David is a great professor!! He definitely makes his class hard for the benefit of you. He wants you to really know what you're learning in class. He's there for a purpose and that purpose is to teach you Spanish. If you show up to class, take notes and study, you will do fantastic. He is really easy to talk to and to ask for help. Awesome guy!
5.0 : David is the best teacher I've ever had. He makes the class fun and really takes the time to explain everything in a way that helps you actually understand it. This isn't a memorization class, he'll actually teach you Spanish! You have to work for it, but it isn't a difficult class if you don't try to slack off.
2.5 : David is a very hard professor for Spanish 101. His tests are very long and complicated compared to other 101 teachers. I came in with no Spanish background and almost everyone else in my class had so it was hard. Expect a random history lesson with every thing you learn which he thinks are hilarious but they aren't funny.
5.0 : Amazing teacher all around. He keeps class interesting and puts a lot of effort into helping students actually retain the information. Hands down my favorite teacher.
2.0 : Dr. Campbell is a professor I would never take again. Dr. Campbell sets arbitrary guidelines and will not deviate from them despite logic. Dr. Campbell is a difficult grader due to the criterium in the rubric for the assignments. It is difficult due to the weight assigned to certain aspects of the rubric.
4.0 : Dr. Campbell is well versed in her craft. She has extensive knowledge about the 17th century and is happy to share that knowledge with her students. However, she is very dry and can be dull to listen to. She also possesses an elementary understanding of writing (which she tries to teach to her students as well) and she frequently misspells words.
5.0 : Good teacher
4.0 : Be prepared to read. If you come to class prepared the lectures are laid out perfectly. Context of time period and brief history of readings are presented then you look at the text. The tests are easy of you take notes and pay attention in lecture. The only tough thing is she grades on a curve. Great professor though, sets you up for success.
5.0 : Tiffany Watkins is more that fair, she gives you every chance to pass. Tests are tough, but go to every class, do every lab, and do all the homework.  You will pass this class, there is also drop in help sessions.
4.0 : Tiffany was very helpful and gave every opportunity to pass the class. She gave out extra credit and had plenty of chances to earn it. If you go to class and to the labs you will do fine. The tests are kind of tough but the final is half cumulative and you can study the old tests.
5.0 : When it comes to lab, Tiffany doesn't want to read a giant stack of lab reports and she knows that we don't want to write individual lab reports, so there are no individual lab reports, only short group reports that are due by the end of lab. Tiffany also finds the perfect balance of babying you through the material and letting you figure it out.
5.0 : Tiffany is a phenomenal teacher.  I was really scared about physics, but she makes it interactive and explains the concepts really well.  She allows a notecard for the tests, but they are minimally helpful.  While her tests are a little hard, she is a fair grader.  I would take a class that she taught if given the chance.
2.0 : Lackluster for a physics teacher. Equated Euclidean space with a Euclidean plane, and in fact calls any conventional terminology wrong if it doesn't conform to her own subjective word usage (even if its in truth, synonymous). She also becomes irritated much of the time when you genuinely ask physics questions relevant to the lecture topic.
5.0 : She takes a 150 student lecture hall and turns it into a community. She lets students ask questions and sometimes gets carried away (in a good way) with exciting topics. She is always asking of you to ask questions and come to her for help. I know her outside of class and she is extremely involved on campus and is an example of the best at BSU.
4.0 : Fairly easy class if you show up, listen and pay attention. She gave us 4 tests and a final. The tests were over the material clearly stated in lecture and in the homework. So if you want to pass the test, do your homework and show up to class. She did a sign in for points randomly and dropped lowest test according to attendance points.
4.5 : Tiffany is one of the greatest professors that I've had on campus in the 4 years that I've been going to school. She really wants to make sure you understand the material and that you get the grade you deserve. Physics is a hard subject, but she at least makes it fair with the curves and extra credit you can earn with learning something more.
4.0 : Tiffany is a very fair professor. She's well aware this this is a difficult subject, so she does her best to make it more approachable. That being said, her homework and exams are no walk in the park, so do your homework and study. She curves exams and offers almost half a letter grade in extra credit. Take Tiffany instead of Olson for PHYS 111 :)
5.0 : If you have any opportunity to take a class from this brilliant mind, absolutely do. She is probably the most down to earth professor I have worked with in my college career. Phenomenal, will work with you no matter what, she inspires and empowers you. Her extra credit opportunities are life changers not just work sheets. Take her class
4.5 : Great teacher! Makes things interesting and uses humor.
5.0 : Best teacher ever.
3.5 : There is a lot of material and the content is hard but She does an amazing job of making it understandable. She gave amazing study guides before tests! Do the work and show up for class. She gives a lot of opportunities for extra credit and in class participation. Even if you fail tests you'll still pass!
2.0 : I did not enjoy this class. I took physics in High School and I loved it, but I absolutely hated it in college. This class is not fun. All you do is go class 2 times a week and are lectured to( mostly off topic, and about stuff she teaches in other classes) The class is really long and she is not good at explaining things. TESTS ARE REALLY HARD!
4.5 : She really cares about the students and is passionate about the subject.
5.0 : This was my most entertaining science class ever. My only saving grace is that I had high participation and I did well on my homework. Tests were tough, my highest test score was a 64%.
5.0 : The grading criteria includes homework, four exams, and participation. You can drop one of them because each is worth 20%. If you don't ever show up participation is dropped. If you don't ever do the homework, it's dropped. The homework can take from 1-5 hours a week depending on comprehension and math skills. She's an excellent instructor.
4.5 : Loved taking this class from Matthew. He's very knowledgeable, patient, and willing to give feedback to help you improve your work. This class could have been really rough without that help.  Really enjoyed him as a person as well.
5.0 : Nice guy.
5.0 : Matthew is great. He is so helpful and you can tell how much he enjoys photography. I couldn't have asked for a better intro teacher, and hope to have him in the future! Don't buy the book, it's a waste!
5.0 : great
4.5 : class was really good. learned a lot and he helped me with my work
4.5 : this history of photo class was really great. I learned a lot. try to take this class from matthew
5.0 : This class is not as easy as the scale indicates.  It requires a lot of work which can be overwhelming at times.  However, she does a great job of communicating expectations which allows most students to get the great they want or expect.  I'd definitely recommend taking any course Professor Luke has to offer.
1.0 : I feel like he enjoy deducting points, assignments easy but you don,t get good grades.
5.0 : He gives you very clear grading criteria. Pay attention to every detail and you will do well. Amazing at how fast he replies to emails and grades everything. If you follow instructions and focus on the little grammar details, you can easily get an A.
3.0 : Professor Meier gives clear expectations for the semester. The style guide provides you with exactly what he expects. It should be noted this class is all about semantics, and Professor Meier will make this point clear. No matter how small the error, it will be noted and harshly graded. I found the class valuable, but his grading style is unkind.
4.5 : Lots of opportunities to get a good grade, very open to questions. Best professor to take organic chemistry with.
5.0 : Dr. Hausegger is the best professor I have had at Boise State. She is very passionate and the subject, and it shows in her lectures. She expects a lot from her students, but if you want to learn a lot, take her class.
5.0 : I love Dr. Hausegger's classes! She is absolutely amazing! Take her if you can! Go to class, participate, study for exams, turn in your assignments, and you will do fine! She is a great professor and if you are willing to attempt to be a great student you will do well in her class! Not an easy A, but you will definitely learn the material!
4.5 : Taken a couple classes from Dr. Hausegger. I've failed one class and (although I haven't finished yet) I will pass this one with a good grade. The difference in the two experiences have been: paying attention in class and participating (either orally or handing in notes), actually going to class at least 90% of the time, and asking for help if need
1.0 : Horrible class. The directions are cryptic and the assignments are boring. The instructor talks down to students.
4.5 : LOTS and LOTS of busy-work assignments in her online class. As long as you read the instructions and syllabus (which are both very clear and outlined) and do all the assignments, this is a super easy class. She also encourages new methods of writing, which is kind of neat.
5.0 : Class is super easy, no tests or quizzes. Just do the essays and homework (which are extremely easy) and you will get an A.
4.0 : Her class was great! She reads all of your essays (2 total, with one "project") and gives great feedback. Moderate writing, whether it be doing exercises from the book or doing the paper. E-Porfolio is required. It's the most difficult part of the class. Always responded to emails and was a pretty straightforward grader. Best to take it online!
4.0 : Kenya is a wonderful teacher. She's really nice and really cares about the well being of her students. You do read quite a bit but it's nothing tedious or boring. You also write a couple of essays but they're really laid back and you really learn a lot in this class.
5.0 : Mrs. Jenkins creates a positive learning environment and takes you step by step through the process. Assignments and in class writing are clearly designed to help you write your papers. Homework is due before nearly every class meeting and you will work with classmates in groups for participation points. Be prepared to give and receive feedback.
4.5 : Be prepared to work.  Group effort requires a dynamic of interest from all members.  this can make or break you especially if you wind up with dishonest members.  You RELY on your other members for your grade.  A LOT of information to keep up with on the Blackboard.  You will learn if you can keep up.
5.0 : Straight forward, do the work and put in the effort and you'll receive the proper grade.
5.0 : Dr. T teaches sport culture by going downtown (Steelheads hockey &amp; Stampede basketball) &amp; doing research at games, plus reporting to the general managers of the teams. I am awed at what I've learned, and this class changed my mind about research. I love it now! I actually learned to be dependable thanks to Dr. T. She is really amazing &amp; cares tons.
2.0 : This class is dependent on your group. Make sure you get in a good group with people who work hard. It seemed like Laurel had too high of expectations and she can be confusing when asked for help. The class is a lot of work but it's not that hard, just takes a lot of time.
5.0 : Laurel is definitely not the easiest prof. But I've learned more from her about how to write than from anyone. This is truly a COLLEGE course. Class goes fast with lots to cover. Laurel's ALWAYS available to help &amp; super friendly &amp; amazing. Lazy students expecting review sheets &amp; auto-As might complain about how hard 302 is. Want to learn? Take her
5.0 : Laurel rocks! I waited a semester to make sure I had her for my senior thesis. (Had her for methods too)  Laurel is so insightful at helping develop my topic and helping with research methods I forgot, lol!  She met me on a Saturday when I was anxious. She is ALWAYS there for you, and is THE reason  I am confident as a writer. So easy to work with!
4.0 : This was the first year of the Hip Hop class and it was incredible! I learned a lot. However, keep in mind that it's a ton of reading.  I mean, a ton. Think like 600 pgs a week. If you can do that, especially in the summer when the classes are super short, take this class. Most interesting class you'll have. Laurel is great.
4.5 : Laurel is a great teacher, she really wants her students to succeed. Class is fairly intense in a 3 week summer session, but easily doable. Grade consisted of 5 quizzes, a couple discussion board posts, an informative speech and a group project and speech.
5.0 : She is a great teacher. I had a lot of fun in her 3 week Comm 101 class. She is very friendly and learns your name. She cares about the students. Its important to participate in class. This class is more difficult for shy people but Laurel creates a comfortable environment.
5.0 : I absolutely enjoyed my time in this class despite my distaste for group projects. She's extremely knowledgeable about the topics she teaches and offers incredible insight to take things to the next level. She encourages her students to do well and makes it fun in the process. I've taken multiple classes with her and she is by far my favorite prof!
5.0 : Comm Seminar, the way Dr T teaches it, should be required for ALL graduating comm majors. You pick the topic &amp; LT and the class help whittle it down. She gives super clear criteria for what it takes to get an A, B, etc. She meets with the class every class period plus many individual mtgs on top of that. She is Amazingly Sharp! You'll learn so much
5.0 : I took methods since it's required for the PR certificate. Based on my experience, I recommend Dr. T's 302 class to EVERY comm major. She is extremely patient and gets where students are coming from. No one knows methods or stats better than Dr T. You might hate how hard you have to work, but you will GET IT by working with her. Best comm prof!!
5.0 : I loved Laurel. Honestly one of the best classes I have taken. Not only did I learn a lot, I really enjoyed her style of teaching. She is a hard grader but she has such a genuine heart and wants her students to learn. Take her class if you like group projects but don't take it if you slack in group projects, your group can make or break the class.
4.0 : Really cares about her students, her lectures make no sense though and she is all over the place with directions and we never really know the instructions for our projects.. This class is very time consuming, there is a lot of homework, and every we have a new group project. But, it is not If you put in the time you will get a good grade.
3.0 : This is by far one of the hardest, most challenging classes I have ever had. Be prepared to have a group project every week. Laurel is very meticulous and has high expectations. At the beginning, students were usually confused with what she wanted, and receiving a low grade on an assignment is no surprise. Readings are via online. Good luck!!
2.5 : You take no quizzes, the whole class is based on group work. You do a massive library assignment which is very difficult and one huge research group project. The class is hard and most people have to take it unfortunately. The TA's helped more than she did. good luck
3.5 : Laurel is SO nice and wants her students to succeed. I will be honest and say this is the hardest class I have taken. You are assigned a group and with them the whole semester. If group members do not pull their weight, you are in trouble.  Laurel immediately responds to emails and wants you to talk with her, so take advantage of that.
5.0 : Want the easiest research methods prof? Then don't sign up for DrT. She has high standards, NOT for lazy students. You'll learn SO much, all useful after grad. I took 302 2 years ago w/ DrT, &amp; am thankful she was brutal in her help with &amp; critiques of my surveys. NO one knows surveys like Tray, super hard worker who will help you if ready to learn.
5.0 : In seminar you absolutely must have learned how to conduct &amp; write up research (302) to pass 498. Dont take seminar if you haven't;every advisor will tell you this. DrT is the most awesome ADVISOR ever! Always available in her office, by email or text, really knows requirements and will help w/ career after college. Smartest prof,easy to talk to!
3.5 : Good prof, intelligent, kind, forgiving, mildly meek. Gives a lot of work and expects a lot out of you, wants you to become better at French. Is there for you and will push you hard for even a B.
4.5 : Bayard is amazing with real world scenarios.  He's very helpful by using different examples to help better understand the material. His study guides are excellent resources to use for upcoming exams.  I can tell that he's a seasoned instructor in his field.  Great instructor!
4.5 : Mr. Gregory is a great professor. Participation is essential for passing the classes, but also showing up to class is important. If you attend class and take notes, the tests will be a breeze. The discussions and group work in class really make the subject easy to understand.
3.0 : Taking this class over 3 weekends was tough. There was a lot of reading and a lot to process. I only had two tests over the 3 weekends. I bombed the first one and Aced the second one with no problems. He does give the answers to the tests but does it in a round about way. After understand his communication and test style the class was a lot easier.
5.0 : Bayard is one of my favorites. Complete genius.
1.0 : This workshop will the worst choice you have made in your undergraduate career. I have never met a professor that is so horrible at lecturing. He will go on and on and on about useless stories consuming the 8 hour class with nonsense instead of reviewing the book that your test and entire grade are based on. DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS.
2.0 : Taken over 3 weekends was very challenging. You are required to read 2 books. The final grade consists of a semi final and a final; although he gives a study guide, the test format was very difficult and requires you to think as he does. Participation points are awarded only to the extroverts in the class. Discussing concerns with him was useless.
5.0 : Textbooks are essential but easy reads.  He's a bit tricky as he gives you the answers to the exams BUT it's all contextual so you HAVE to read the material to do well.  He's got a lot of experience so class was enjoyable, not drudgery.  Taking him 2 more times.
5.0 : He's a great guy, self-depreciating humor like a lot of his students. If you ask for feedback or help he will sit down with you one-on-one and help you figure out what is and isn't working and why. Pretty easy class, weekly assignments that can be finished well before allotted class time is over and once you're done you are free to leave.
5.0 : Seriously great professor.  Show up, participate, study some, and you will do well.  He is very interested in his students doing well.  He bring is great guests that expand on what he teaches.  He has a lot of stories from his regular job.  I was dreading Selling, but enjoyed this class.  I highly recommend Brian Sahr as a professor.
3.5 : Brian was a straight forward instructor. If you showed up to class, read the book, and showed genuine learning in your group project it is an easy A. Reading the textbook is a must, if your the kind of student that doesn't read the textbook and expects an easy A, then he is not the instructor for you.
5.0 : Awesome class, great teacher. He really knows his subjects well and makes the class fun and interactive. He brings in real world examples to add to the course materials. His classes can be challenging but fair. He is by far the best instructor in the college of business!
5.0 : Brian is by far one of my favorite teachers at BSU! He is super helpful and pulls in real world example. His tests are a little tough but he curves.  I never bought the book for his class and just went off his slides and got an easy B. I wish he taught more marketing classes!
1.0 : Most people liked him but I didn't.  There were tons of questions on the tests that were not on the power points.  His lectures were so egocentric and all about him and his life.  I thought I was supposed to learn about anthropology.
1.0 : He blabs on and on about himself and his fianc. I think he should probably teach on the topics we need to know instead of his adventures. Very talkative but egocentric. Would not recommend him.
5.0 : Love this professor.  He really makes you think and he is easy on the eyes!  The best of both worlds with Willson!
5.0 : Professor Willson is the man!  I learned more in one semester from him than in four years of high school. Take any class he teaches.
5.0 : Really easy, large lecture class setting. Would only take attendance if a huge portion of students were gone.
5.0 : This guy is awesome. Take him if you have to.
5.0 : It seems like if you do the work, you get an A. There's a 7-10 page paper and a series of presentations. It's all really quite low pressure, though it regretably has the feel of a freshman level class with all of the 'how to use library resource' talks, which was tedious and old hat for the entire class, but Dr. Punnoose was super helpful and kind.
5.0 : This is my first time rating a professor but this teacher is worth it. He's not only funny but really laid back. Gives a lot of extra credit just for showing up and his tests are easy. TAKE HIM! He's a great teacher and the best math teacher I've ever had. Easy A
4.0 : Good teacher. I went to the math lab to get help with my homework and that really helped. Clear on material. Just copy everything he writes on the board and understand the process. Tests are straightforward. Let class out early sometimes.
5.0 : He is a very good teacher! By far one of the only college professors that genuinely cares for all his students. He tries to make the concepts as easy as possible, and will give opportunities for extra credit. Also be sure to attend all the classes, because the concepts are important &amp; can't be missed. Overall, a really great teacher and person!
5.0 : She's an amazing teacher. You won't regret if you take a class with her. She's very understandable and she actually cares about her students.
4.5 : Dr. Warner is awesome. To do well you will have to be attentive, and do the extra credit homework. It's worth it! If you like chemistry, you'll like this class and will benefit from it. If not, it will be a demanding course for you.
5.0 : Dr. Warner was AMAZING! I would take another Chemistry class from him in a heartbeat. The material was pretty challenging, but he supplied all the resources to encourage student success. If you're willing to work, you can get an A in Organic Chemistry with Dr. Warner.
5.0 : Dr. Warner is hands down the BEST chemistry teacher I have ever had. He definitely expects a lot from his students but gives you all the material you need to succeed as long as you work hard! Great Great Great teacher!
1.0 : Not very open to questions, sighed and ran hand through hair every time someone asked a question. Made it feel like you were the one being rude and interrupting when your there to try and learn. Went through material at a very fast pace, easy to get behind.
4.0 : He is a GREAT teacher. He was really good about teaching our class about how to think about the material, rather than just memorizing it.  He had help sessions outside of class, where he would go through more questions. Not an easy class or grader, but he really wants to be there and help his students learn the material. Would recommend.
5.0 : The Don is an amazing professor who cares about helping students pass his class.  Organic Chemistry is a tough subject to cover, but he explains concepts quite thoroughly, and is open to questions.  He also is very generous with extra credit, which relieves a bit of pressure off exam perfromance.
5.0 : Puts a lot of time into his teaching. Offers a lot of practice material. Pay attention, read the book, study, and do the practice tests and you'll be GOLDEN.
4.5 : Warner is hands down an amazing teacher. Great guy, really nice and helpful. Makes class fun, teaches a lot of information. Do NOT make the same fatal mistake I made: I passed the first two tests with high B's and bombed the last two due to focusing on my other classes at the end of the semester. Keep up with the course reading, and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Great personality, very gentle.  Has a sense of humor, but you have to pay attention to hear it.  Loves his subject, but doesn't expect you to feel the same.  Enjoyed every minute of his classes.  Tests were difficult, but not impossible.
2.5 : Super LONG monotone lectures. Super easy to let your mind wander because he just talks and talks and talks. I'm writing this review while sitting in his class and I can't even stay focused because he is sooo boring. Don't get me wrong he knows his stuff and is incredibly passionate about the material, he delivery is just bleh.
5.0 : Del Parkinson is awesome! He is the most helpful, sincere, kind, funny, and understanding professor I've ever had. You will love him. I would take his classes forever if I could. He is a great pianist and gives extremely helpful tips and advice.  He shows genuine concern and care for each of his students.
5.0 : Dr Bieter is super nice and a fantastic professor! He really knows how to clarify and elaborate your own ideas to make an awesome project. I took the honors course and it was easy as long as you keep up with all of the homework. There was no final-only the final prezi project.
4.5 : Made the UF 100 class very interesting and helps you make the class applicable.
4.5 : Dr. Bieter is extremely helpful and an overall great guy. This course can get a bit repetitive, but he makes it worthwhile.
5.0 : Dr. Bieter is a very good professor and a fair man, but his class was not easy. The grading was fair, but he doesn't give any freebies. The work is engaging, though, so it's not that bad. Attend class, complete weekly work, and put in your fair share and you will do fine.
5.0 : Dr. Bieter is great. He really cares about his students as well as what he is teaching and it shows. He makes sure what you are learning is applicable to your future career or real life. If you put in the time, he will help you a lot. one of the few people you can say is nice and funny but still challenges you and teaches you a lot.
3.5 : Invention and Discovery is the best UF 100 class, I loved it! Be prepared to work in a group and do a TON of research. But if you choose an invention that you like, the research isn't too bad. Bieter gives great advice if you ever get stuck. He really pushed all of us to be creative, and he always did his best to make the class fun for us.
5.0 : Dr. Bieter is very knowledgable. He is very friendly and explains things in class well. He is very interesting and does his best to keep students engaged in class.
3.0 : If you are not interested in innovation and design this class will be boring. Lecture homework is confusing and I did not enjoy the course.
5.0 : Dr. Bieter is a fantastic and brilliant man.  I had him for UF Invention and Discovery, and he and Dr. Mullner did a great job co-lecturing.  He keeps things interesting, and he treats his Freshman students like adults, which is great.  FYI: Invention and Discovery is a tough UF, there are like 8 different Prezis, and a bunch of other stuff.
3.5 : He is a really cool guy who is fun to talk to and usually makes class interesting. Although, often it felt as though lectures meandered a bit and took a while to get anywhere. He gives great feedback on your papers and lesson plans.
3.0 : Kinda disorginized, But it worked in the students favor. All of the homework's due dates were extended until the last week of class. He likes to hear different points of view and enjoys discussion.
5.0 : Loved his class. You have to use the book because homework is guided reading questions. But you get credit for completion not on whether you are right or wrong. If you pay attention in lectures AND TAKE NOTES you should be able to pass and have enough info for test and studying. He is a really cool guy.
5.0 : You have weekly readings paired with questions. If you do it right, you'll be fine. You have the weekly homework, two papers, two tests, and a final, that's it. If you keep up, pay attention on homework and in class, and prepare yourself for the tests, you'll be fine. Overall, great dude, great class.
5.0 : Good class, professor is engaging. Took class during inter-session, 3 tests (2 take home and 1 in-class, open notes) and 1 paper. Come to class and pay attention, learn key terms from book and try to write a decent paper; you will get an A. Recommend this class for DLV course.
5.0 : This professor is one of the best I have ever had. If you enjoy movies at all, he will make even the silent films really interesting. He is also very willing to help students out with any questions and is responsive to email. Seriously, great guy, great class. It is an intellectual class but he isn't pretentious or rude. I LOVED IT.
5.0 : Richard is an amazing professor! He takes time out of his day to make sure he answers anything you may be confused on. He loves to pick on his students but it is NEVER meant in a harsh manner. I would recommend his classes to anyone and everyone.
5.0 : Prof Sugheir is not your typical professor-- he actually cares about you as a student.  He goes above and beyond to make sure everyone has a clear understanding of course material and expectations.  He gives honest feedback and responds quickly to emails or other inquiries.  I really appreciated him and hope he teaches for a very long time.
4.0 : This is the online MBA capstone class.  It requires a ton of research and writing.  This makes it difficult, but not overly hard.  Write well, back your research up, and use quantitative analysis as much as you can.  This is a very worthwhile class, looking back on it.  When doing it, you will probably curse the class.  This is a good professor.
5.0 : This was one of the easiest classes I have ever taken which is awesome because film history was a fun class to take. Kind of rough because it was a 2 hour night class but Anne was understanding of this. You don't need the book if you show up to class. Tests are based off of study guide which are mainly from the lectures but answers are easy to find
4.5 : The only project in cinema history is the movie review but it's really fun. Show up every day and complete the study guide and you'll easily pass the tests. Pay attention and show up, she takes attendance but its a fun and easily class with a good instructor.
5.0 : VERY VERY VERY EASY
3.5 : I had Anne for my UF 100 Education discussion group. I hated the class, but Anne was a great teacher. She is passionate about theater, and is super nice. I would take a class with her again, just not UF.
5.0 : Great class. If you go to class and pay attention to the lectures, you will do fine. Complete the study guides because they completely outline what is on the test.
5.0 : Mrs. Allen is the best professor I've had at Boise State. She is always knowledgeable, kind and attentive to all of us. Her lectures are fun, never boring. She really makes you think about cinema and helps you to critique it in different ways. She gives us study guides that we fill out as a class. She's amazing! Everyone should take her class!
4.0 : Fluff class but I get the feeling that she knows it's a fluff class so she doesn't assign obvious busy work to make the class more difficult for no reason. Weekly quizzes and 3 tests make up the major of your grade and they're pretty easy. Quizlet is your friend because most of the tests are vocab. I got to learn some cool stuff about movies.
4.0 : The UF class is HORRIBLE (History and Future of Education) DO NOT TAKE THAT UF CLASS... but Mrs. Allen is a great teacher, very clear and helped understand all the UF readings. No test just two projects. Work in groups the whole time. SUPPPPPPER NICE. Best UF discussion leader out of all others
4.5 : Professor was FAST on getting back to you if you had a question.  Very friendly and personable.  Being that way all online is a feat in and of itself.
5.0 : He is the easiest teacher!  He would go through every step for every example in class.  His class is boring but if you can stay awake he is really thorough.
5.0 : Dr. Naylor is a great Professor. She makes everything very clear in what to expect. She is also a very lady  and makes a very boring class less draining.
5.0 : Heidi is a great teacher! Attendance matters but only because about half of the class meetings are in person. There is a lot of homework but her grading criteria are crystal-clear; you always know how much assignments are worth and how much they will affect your grade. Her feedback is always positive and extremely helpful.
1.5 : Due dates get changed frequently. Point deductions are arbitrary. She'll mark you down if she doesn't agree with your opinion or interpretation of the literature. No constructive feedback is given. Assignments take forever to be returned. I would NOT take another class from her.
1.5 : Horrible,horrible, horrible. Does not offer any feedback on what to do better, doesn't grade assignments for weeks, and marks down for completely no seen reason. We had a group assignment and final project instructions seemed very vague and misguiding. Avoid at all costs.
4.5 : She's very passionate about English. You can tell she loves her job. She's willing to put almost anything up to a vote, especially when it comes to deadlines. She responds quickly to emails and keeps her websitecalendar up to date. As long as you complete the assignments according to the syllabi, it's an easy A.
4.5 : She is the sweetest person ever! She's very passionate about English. She responds quickly to emails and it's always available during office hours to help. As long as you complete the assignments according to her rubrics, it's an A.
5.0 : A super nice teacher. I would say she is a pretty easy grader and very chill teacher. Couldn't have asked for a better one for this class.
3.0 : Heidi is the absolute nicest lady ever BUT She has a super soft voice (sleepy). It's just english 102 so if you're looking to work hard and learn something she's your gal, but if you're looking for an easy A and light work find a different Prof! She's also one of those prof's that won't give full credit on anything. Also have to print EVERYTHING
4.5 : Heidi is an awesome lady who clearly cares about her students and having them pass. Couldnt tell you how many of the kids who stopped showing up came back because she got them to come back and pass. Not an easy A, but if you take her advice you will be fine and get a good grade
1.5 : Asignments and lectures are very vague and subjective. Takes weeks to grade, and even assignments that were done with the book in front of you will only get an 85 or 90. She manages to take a subject that should be intuitive (it's just sending fancy emails, basically) and turn it into a labyrinth of ambiguity. Also she types out everything she say.
1.5 : She is really annoying and I have not learned anything in her class. It is not difficult but her papers are vague and confusing. You have to attend class and it is really boring. I would rather take any other teacher for english 101.
5.0 : Wonderful professor. PUT YOUR WORK IN. If you actually try you will be rewarded with success in her class; however, if you find yourself slacking at all you will not do well. I highly suggest taking this class with her, you will learn useful information.
3.0 : She's a very sweet and understanding professor although a very harsh and picky grader. She is the type of professor where no matter how hard you try, you won't get an A+ on assignments.
4.5 : Cool Guy. knows his stuff really well. Makes class very interesting and easy to follow. Take word for word notes. Don't expect an A if you plan on missing class. All tests are online, which is nice but notes are necessary. Would take again. Easy A if you attend class. OLDER VERSIONS OF TEXT BOOK WORK INFO DOESNT CHANGE. SAVE MONEY AND BUY OLDER.
5.0 : He was very interesting. He likes to tell stories but it always relates to the lesson that he talked about. He gives you real world examples and makes it feel like your preparing for what you may face on life, not just a lesson
5.0 : I took his class at CWI and loved it! He explained each concept thoroughly and gave real-world examples. If someone did not understand something, he would not look down on them, but would reiterate what he said in a different way. He had a 5-question quiz on the previous lecture at the beginning of each class. Online tests, and book was essential.
4.5 : Excellent professor. She was very helpful and understanding when I fell behind due to my wife's emergency surgery. Professor Chastaine worked with me to help me get back on track after missing two weeks of class. Highly recommend her class.
5.0 : Lori is awesome! She's really helpful and organized. We didn't have any presentations besides the last day and it was very informal and was done with the group. The class is easy if you do the work and pay attention to both lectures and her commentary on your work. I would definitely recommend her.
5.0 : Lori made this class so interesting. I have always had a hard time engaging in English but this is one the best classes that I have taken at BSU. I definitely learned skills that are going to help me not just in this class, but all of my classes. I felt like this class was well worth my time and I would definitely recommend her class.
4.5 : Lori is one of the best professors  I have had at boise state. She makes you actually care about writing, and want to learn. She knows what she is doing I highly suggest her to anyone. She will work around you and help you out which is what a teacher should be doing.
5.0 : The only thing graded with scrutiny were the essays, there are three. Everything else turned in gets full credit. Attendance matters. This is by far the most clear, enthusiastic and helpful teacher I have ever had. Learned a ton! Great foundation for college English to be had in this course.
4.0 : Aside from being clear and fair Lori cares. She always makes time to listen. A bit goofy but that's what makes her fun. Guys watch out and sit up front cause she's hot. I learned a lot and really learned to write. Will hopefully see her again in the fall.
5.0 : Lori is the best. She was so nice and funny. I did not feel bored in her class at all. She is very helpful and flexible if you want to take an appointment with her outside her office hours. got to say, So far she is the best professor I have had in BSU. just take ENG 101 with her and do the work she says and you won't regret it.
5.0 : I am a returning student with a college degree. I have stories to tell but, wasn't sure how to get them on the page. Lori was there with positive feedback and great suggestions for every student. One of best classes for a wanna be writer! Not only did I learn, grow in confidence, but enjoyed sharing with other students. Lori is the perfect ballast.
5.0 : Lori Chastaine was an awesome professor! She's very organized and very clear. I had an English 101P with her, which included a lab. It really helped! She didn't like to leave her students unsure about what to write a paper on. She welcomed any questions or thoughts you had about anything. She's a very sweet person and pretty laid back.
5.0 : As most other students say, Lori is legit. The majority of her homework assignments are shorts readings and 1-2 super easy informal writings per week. She allows you an almost ridiculous amount of time to complete your 3 papers (5-7 pages) over the course of the semester. Super nice, helpful, and even gave me full credit for a few late assignmenets
5.0 : She was an awesome teacher!
3.0 : This is a good class to take - highly recommended!!!! Homework is really decent - do the reading, answer a couple questions. Be ready for the exams though!!!
4.0 : Show up to class and you will be fine. He makes it so you do participate in class, very easy.  Do the work and you will be fine.
3.5 : Scott is an amazing teacher. For this class there are only two tests and one paper. The first test I received a 73%. His tests are somewhat hard, it is all essay form which surprised me so be prepared for that. He makes every person in the class engaged in the discussion but there isn't any handouts. Must be determined to pass or you wont at all.
5.0 : you are the best teacher, never changue
4.5 : He is wonderful!  His assignments are very organized and clear.  I took this class online during the summer and he posts how to do assignments via video.  He is ALWAYS helpful, messages you back quickly, and wants you to succeed!  It's a work load, but if you put in the effort and have time management, you'll do just fine.
4.0 : cngratulation great class
5.0 : IS A VERY TEACHER DELIVERED TO WORK. MOTIVATOR. CLEAR TO EXPRESS YOUR IDEAS. VERY COMMITTED TO CLASS
5.0 : I liked his class, very entertaining and learned a lot of games.
3.0 : very different type of class, best teacher to have for it!
5.0 : I had never had a teacher like Dr. Haskel. I loved the teaching method he used in class because each student was learning at his or her own pace.
4.5 : Professor was great. I lost my way for a little while and was confused about the final portfolio but he cleared all my problems up!
5.0 : I took it online, so easy. Basically go at your own pace. No tests. Easy to fall behind though if you forget about it, also easy to pound out in the last two weeks of the semester.
5.0 : Excelente mtodo de enseanza, la forma de manejar al grupo y lograr que el grupo se interese por cumplir las tareas.
5.0 : Spectacular !!, One of the best subject at my masters degree here in Ecuador.
4.0 : excellent
5.0 : VERY GOOD TEACHER. I LOVE HIS PERSONALITY. AMAZING JOB.
5.0 : The teacher had been one of the most inspirational guys Id ever met. I hope some day follow his steps... Thanks Chris!!!
5.0 : This is the best class ever. Haskell is hilarious and so helpful. He really cares about the students and their futures.
4.0 : great gaming platfom
5.0 : Dr. Haskell does not do traditional education, where a teacher lecture is followed by a half-hearted activity, and then homework that's due the next day.  The class is run in a game simulation, with different tasks that help students to learn content. Assignments were available in 3DGameLab, and we could choose our own content from those lists.
4.5 : Chris was great! You could tell that he was passionate about the course! There is no due dates besides the very end of class. This was not good for me because I like due dates and tend to procrastinate when I don't have them, but other people loved that fact!
5.0 : Awesome! Loved this class! Super easy! Take it :)
5.0 : Loved it so much!!
5.0 : Great people and teacher . You can learn a lot about how game desig willbe used to make good class and obtain high grades with your students , I hope apply this knowledge this year with my students .  Thanks a lot Chris
4.5 : The gamified format is awesome.  You get to choose which assignments you want to do in order to get enough points to get an A.  This is the way all classes should work.  Many of students in my class (including me) earned way more points than required because the assignments were interesting.
5.0 : Great Teacher, lots of enthusiasm, stern but fair, his dedication to excellence and rigor is matched only by his smoldering good looks. Highly Recommended.
4.5 : The class is one the computer but in class.
5.0 : Dr. Haskell is a very fun and helpful teacher. His online program makes learning a game rather than boring assignments. I really enjoyed his humor and would recommend this class to anyone!
3.0 : Overall course was a good refreshing for some online applications and good for learning new technologies. However, I went into it with the expectation that it would fulfill my prerequisites for the state/university and am simply happy the course is complete. I'm motivated enough that I could have learned a lot of this on my own and saved much $$$.
3.5 : Chris Haskell is a great professor and the course will introduce you to new software and enhance your technological skills.
4.5 : Chris is a good teacher with a great class. He has his own approach to education and I think it is great. Chris inspired me to be successful in his class. I thought it was a solid learning experience and I am definitely going to take some of the things I learned in his class into my career field.
4.5 : Dr. Haskell's knowledge of the content is very good. He is a cool guy to take a class with. He can be more responsive to emails though.
5.0 : Fantastic class, Professor Haskell has a wealth of knowledge on educational gaming. I will miss his class dearly, I enjoyed it very much and I highly recommend him to anyone that wants to have fun while learning.
4.5 : DO NOT PROCRASTINATE THE WORK beware of the "no due date" thing.
5.0 : What a great teacher. Inspiring, helpful, and creative. Really gives you space to grow and experiment with his content. Easy to get along with and to contact if necessary. I would love to take another class from him.
5.0 : Chris is a great teacher. Be prepared to mix it up with this class and learn online in the online game lab. Like most classes, you will get what you give here. I urge you to put in the effort outside of class. Not only because you need to in order to win the class, but because what you create will be worth your while when you become a  teacher.
4.5 : I would highly recommend taking this class with Chris. He is very funny, very helpful, and very passionate about what he teaches. Text book is very helpful in the class but could get through without it. you can only miss class three times before you need get an extra badge. you will not regret taking the class with him.
4.5 : Wonderful class and a wonderful new learning experience. If you want to see innovation in action, take this course.
5.0 : He made the information interesting and all of it was useful!
4.0 : Though I would say attending class isn't  "mandatory" (because attendance is forgotten some days) there are a lot of in class activities that are easily submitted for points.  Chris is a very experienced and inspiring teacher and I would gladly take this class again.
4.5 : Chris is extremely helpful and likable. His class is unique and easy if you don't procrastinate. Great for education majors.
4.5 : I loved this class. If you have to take this class, take it with Chris. He is a really good professor and is passionate about is job. I suggest you take Chris.
4.5 : Chris is an awesome teacher, he makes the clay enjoyable, honestly I wish he taught every class I had to take!
5.0 : Dr. Haskell inspires those studying to get into the educational field to create an educational experience for students that will encourage them to love the subject they teach or learn to appreciate it through innovative ways using technology's awesome tools.
1.0 : The man is so self absorbed that it's hard to get a word in edgewise. I know of no other professor that quotes themselves on the wall. One of  the two textbooks used in class was useless, but we needed to buy it because he wrote it.
5.0 : This online course was wonderful. It allows you to explore the technology you find interesting and it is so relevant to the education field. I enjoyed this class and Dr. Haskell is so extremely helpful. If you have to take this class I highly recommend the online version; it was fun, informative and overall great.
4.5 : Chris is one of the best professors I've ever met. He is humorous, hilarious, and understanding. He broke my stereotype!!! You must take this class.
5.0 : Awesome teacher, great class!!!
5.0 : Haskell wants you to actually get something out of the class because of this the class is actually tailored to you. You have to do a certain amount of assignments but you get to choose which ones. If you show up and try he will help you and you will learn a lot.
5.0 : This is a great class for education majors. It is relevant to teaching classes today. I also learned about so many tools that I will definitely apply in my curriculum. He is a great professor if you have to take this class.
5.0 : I enjoyed this class. The technology he addressed is relevant for educators. I loved learning the digital tools. I will definitely use them in my classroom.
3.0 : Not very organised and clear. Have to be very independent with doing your work.
4.0 : Best class I have taken in during my program.  Does some things at the last minute but other than that this guy is solid!
4.5 : Great teacher and made the class very easy. Highly recommend.
3.5 : EDTECH 532 was a fun class and the professor has a definite passion in the subject. The course is well set to make you think as an educator of how a game based approach to learning could enhance your practice.
4.0 : It was my goal to figure out how to incorporate gaming into the classes I teach in  order to make them more interesting for my students and fun.  This class taught me exactly what I was looking for.   Dr. Haskell showed that learning can be fun. I loved the quests we completed.  Meeting synchronously was the best part of the class.
4.5 : I loved it and Haskell is a very fun teacher
5.0 : He was a great professor. It was my favorite class this semester!
4.5 : Dr. Haskell was a great professor. He was very helpful and I really liked the books we used. Very helpful!
4.5 : Really great teacher! He always kept students motivated to keep working because nothing is due until the end of semester. He explained and answered any questions we had so that was great. The course itself isn't very exciting but he does a good job at making it applicable to everyone.
4.0 : Dr. Haskell was an awesome professor and the class is pretty much self paced and super easy!
5.0 : This was My favorite class this year! He was super helpful and funny and the class was a video game so it was at your own pace and you picked what you wanted to work on and when you wanted to do it!
4.5 : Great teacher! Very helpful.
5.0 : This class was fun and not too difficult!
5.0 : Chris is seriously amazing! i have never had a teacher to willing to help! Take this in person with him and you are guaranteed an A. If you are worried about taking an online class just know that he would be dedicated to helping you!
5.0 : Haskell is a very informative professor but you have to be super self motivated to take his class since his course has no due dates.
5.0 : Chris was awesome. I learned so much from him in such a short amount of time. Every teacher and educator should study with him at least once!
4.5 : The class has no due dates, so you must pace yourself. It can be done without the book, but the book makes it much easier to do it. Pick and choose different concepts to master and you "win" the class. Good guy, good class.
4.5 : He was extremely helpful. Always gave really helpful feedback and  it was always i a timely manner. He truly wants each student to do a good job and to feel successful from his class. He is a great professor. I would suggest his  class to any of my friends!
4.5 : Best class ever!!
5.0 : Brilliant course as I learned about how student choice and quick feedback increases motivation.
5.0 : Dr. H makes learning fun and exciting with his use of 3D Gamelab and educational games and simulations. If you get a chance to take one of his classes, do it.
4.5 : I would have liked some assignments to have required reading from the text.  It also would have been good to know more about the final project earlier in the class to allow more time to plan and then start work.
5.0 : EdTech was an intro for me to the wonderful world of online coursework and I thought it was fun. There was a good balance of challenging "quests" in this class, most of which I enjoyed.  It made you cognizant of what's out there and how you can best use it in a classroom, when it comes to technology. He has a great sense of humor, which is a plus.
5.0 : Dr. Haskell is a tremendous professor.  He is approachable, and considerate.  One of the best professors that I have had.  His sense of humor makes the class fun.
5.0 : He's a great professor with a good sense of humor. He gives you the option of choosing what you want to do within his class. Also, there are no deadlines, so you can take this class at your own pace. However, sometimes the assignments can be a little confusing, but it's nothing stress-causing.
5.0 : This class was super easy, but I learned so much in this 5 week summer course. Mr. Haskell was a great teacher (via online) and I would recommend taking his courses!
5.0 : he's an awesome teacher who knows what he is doing and knows how to make difficult things easy.
3.0 : Because this is an online course, it is hard to judge my professor as accurately as I would be able to in a regular class. However, although Dr. Haskell is very fun and energetic, it was often hard to get a quick response from him. I took my class in the summer so perhaps he would be a little more responsive in the semester.
5.0 : He is great. He is one of the most caring professors who makes class actually fun. Ed Tech 202 barely even felt like a class, it's definitely my favorite I've ever taken at BSU. Do EVERYTHING you can to take this class from Haskell.
4.0 : The Professor was good but as an online class about technology this was the hardest most frustrating class I've had - maybe it was just me.  One important thing - every quest page of instructions had many spelling and grammar mistakes and missing text - some instructions were difficult to understand
5.0 : Although I had Chris in an online class, it was obvious Chris is a hardworking professor and seems like a great guy. Its clear he is well prepared for the classes he teaches, and cares about the subject matter
5.0 : Great professor and his class format is creative, cool, and correctly suited to the subject matter
4.0 : Dr. Haskell was very helpful; this class was taken online and as such I never met him face to face. However, he was always prompt about responding to my emails. The class itself was useful and instructive as to how to use modern technology when teaching, and the books assigned were interesting and insightful.
5.0 : I enjoyed taking this class. I learned a lot and Dr. Haskell designed it well, I just wish I hadn't procrastinated. If I ever get the chance again I would definitely take another class from him.
3.5 : Learned a lot!
4.0 : It was a new approach that worked well with me.
4.5 : Excellent class for self-motivated individuals.  3D Gamelab environment is better than traditional classrooms (even online ones) but still needs polishing.  Chris is quirky and fun.  He's still a traditional professor in many ways, though, so you have to buy his (pretty worthless) textbooks, etc.
3.5 : This class is easy to get through for those who are self-motivated. My issue with this is the lack of clarity on what is required in the portfolio. The materials were somewhat unpolished, some links didn't work, etc. In general a good class, I did learn some good stuff.
5.0 : Dr. Haskell provides a really interesting approach to education and what we can do as future educators to engage our students in a digital environment.  His feedback was good, he provided helpful videos to help us complete quests and the learning environment was very unique.  The class is labor intensive, but easy once you get on a roll.
1.0 : Sent him emails multiple times, and would ever get a response back. For an online class, you fell that the professor would respond to your emails in a time less than 4-6 days at least.
4.0 : I learned a lot in this class about the many tech tools available to teachers. I appreciated being forced from my comfort zone by being asked to do some activities with which I haven't had much experience. Early in the course I found some of the requirements for submitting work confusing since I was not familiar with the interfaces involved.
5.0 : Thanks Dr. Haskell for taking this wonderful, must needed, interesting, self motivating, digital class. Game Lab, your class structure, clear grading criteria and your feedback all were very clear and helpful. I wish I can keep on learning this stuff.
4.5 : Great teacher, very enthusiastic and encouraging.
3.0 : I was introduced to innovative technology and learned a lot.  I liked that it was self paced. The book was helpful.
4.0 : great course that gives you a different perspective of learning. Gives you the quest and it is up to you how fast you want to finish this class
5.0 : It was a fun and interactive class!
5.0 : What a great class!
5.0 : This class was awesome and I learned so much about how to use technology as a teacher to educate students!
4.5 : Great class with a cool format. A lot of interesting content covered and easy to get an A if you don't procrastinate too much.
5.0 : Great professor. Always willing to help with any difficulties a student experiences in the class.
4.5 : I took this class online, and it was really simple. This class is engineered to be done from any computer, by anyone, and be rather easy.
5.0 : Great professor, he really helped me try to improve my grade after I had a bad run in with Mesler. He's great, cares about your grade and wants to see you succeed.
4.0 : Dr. Haskell was clear and easy to work with.
5.0 : This class was great!
5.0 : I had Chris as a instructor in the Spring, and I really enjoyed the class and how he taught it. Not only did I learn a lot, the way I learned it was really fun. When I saw he was teaching a class this Summer I needed to take, I knew I'd enjoy it. Again, I learned a lot while having a lot of fun doing it.
3.5 : I thought I was going to hate the online "quest" course format, but it turned out to be fun and motivating. This was a much better class than I expected, and I learned to enjoy the teacher's enthusiasm.
4.0 : I appreciate how well written the instruction were, and how much I actually learned in this online class.  He's also a very nice guy.
5.0 : Chris Haskell was an awesome teacher. I was nervous about taking an online class this summer but all of his instructions were clear, and if they weren't you just shoot him a quick e-mail and he responded right back to clarify! The assignments were really interesting and got me excited about my future classroom.
3.0 : I enjoyed the class.  It would be really helpful if some of the instructions for the quests we're reviewed for errors and clarity.
5.0 : I took Chris for my first online class at Boise State during the summer. I'm not a teaching major and have never had any admiration to become one but the way his class was taught made me consider it. Easily one of the best teachers I've had. Quick response time, very helpful, and doesn't treat you like just another student. 5/5
4.0 : The class is not taught in a traditional format , it is game based where you earn experience points and badges. I loved the format as it was fun and different. However, I thought that the points and badges do not accurately reflect each other. For instance,  2000xp and 3 badges gets an A but almost 5 badges in an still short in XP.
5.0 : I've tried taking this online class in the past (twice!) with a different professor, and Chris Haskell makes it so much nicer. Keep in mind, this was an online summer course, so I can't speak for his regular term courses, but he was easy to work with and accommodating. Nice guy!
5.0 : Valuable class
5.0 : This was by far the best online class experience I have ever had. Chris Haskell is an outstanding teacher... And I've never even met him. He creates interesting and often fun assignments that don't feel like homework. He is really easy to communicate with and willing to help you. Also, his books that are required for the class are awesome!!!
5.0 : Awesome prof!
5.0 : Awesome prof!  Seriously great. Easy and fun class.
3.5 : Chris is super awesome and helpful! He knows what he's talking about, and he's passionate.
5.0 : Best teacher I've ever had in my life.
4.0 : Fun Class
5.0 : Chris is an awesome guy!! He is super helpful and his class is always fun! There are no tests and it is all game based. I loved this class! I wish all of my classes were set up this way. If you are motivated, you will do fine! (I finished the class super early!)
5.0 : Super easy class, super awesome teacher. Chris is so genuine and nice. He is funny and interesting. Easy A as long as you do your work. Lots of group work, but its easy. Interesting class.
5.0 : Easily one of the friendliest teachers I've ever had. Funny, amicable, and chill, the class is easy and the work is online. You do a lot in class though, so showing up is important. It's a joy, though, since a lot of it is memes and video games. Prepare to enjoy a teacher who gets your nerdy side.
4.5 : Class has all assignments on your schedule. You can finish the class as fast or as slow as you want. Good Class, Helpful Teacher!
5.0 : Chris Haskell is by far my favorite professor of all time. I would hope to be like him when I teach.
5.0 : Haskell is great and the class is very laid back. You will grow with your classmates as you explore the interwebs and laugh at what you may find.
5.0 : Entertaining, funny, and great with memes, this is a great teacher. Playing games isn't out of the question, and is in fact occasionally required. This is easily one of the funnest classes you may ever take, with one of the best teachers.
5.0 : Highly motivated and educated about the subjects he teaches. Relates well to his students.
5.0 : Haskell is awesome. I took EdTech203 and it was completely different from normal classes. You can do the work on your time, and everything is not due until the last day of finals. The material is all about "geek" culture and allows you to do things in this class you normally would not (e.g. PLAY VIDEO GAMES IN CLASS).
5.0 : Chris is not only an amazing professor, but an amazing person. He takes teaching beyond the normal lectures and textbooks and gets the entire class involved in meaningful, and interesting conversation.
4.0 : Terrific online course that you can go at your own speed. Chris makes this class entertaining and relevant.  I would definitely choose Chris again and will pick him for any other ed-tech classes I may have.
5.0 : he made learning fun by making the class a game. he is amazing!
3.5 : I liked the online class, however, I would have liked to have better communication would my teacher.
5.0 : Chris is one of the best teachers I've ever had. His revolutionary take on Education is inspirational and will serve as the basis for how I conduct my own classroom in the future.
5.0 : Everything about this class was well worth the time spent. I loved the game based learning and the chance to really plan and reflect on the kind of teacher I want to be.
5.0 : Awesome teacher and mentor, great class!!
4.5 : No exams, no quizzes, no assigned readings. You complete the assignments you want to complete. Show up and work on whatever you want using in-class Macs, occasionally he leads the class in a specific assignment. Very easy and fun class. Highly recommend this professor.
5.0 : Great professor! I would recommend him to anyone in the Elementary Education program! Fabulous!
5.0 : I love Haskell he is a great teacher. He is always willing to help, not to mention  he is a total goof.
5.0 : Dr. Haskell's class is one that I would recommend to anyone would is able to take it. Even if you are not an education major, this class contains activities that will help us be better citizens in a society where the role of technology is ever increasing.
5.0 : This was one of my favorite classes I have ever taken! Also this class also taught me things that I will use outside of the class.
5.0 : Dr. Haskell is an inspiration. He invites you to learn and gives you all that you need to succeed.
4.5 : This class was a blast! For me it was a large learning curve but Chris was very helpful and helped me get towards the end goal. This class was well designed and thought out. A well needed paradigm shift from my other classes . Would certainly recommend this class to others.
5.0 : Show up and do all assignments and you're guaranteed an a
4.5 : This is a super interactive course. If you show up and do the work, you can pass with flying colors!
4.5 : This class was basically an online game that you get points for to create assignments. It was a lot of fun and you got to choose which assignments to do. I feel like I will use these artifacts in my future classroom. No tests or papers. As long as you finish the class, you get an A!! Dr. Haskell is helpful and knows a lot about technology.
4.5 : Chris is an awesome professor.
4.0 : The class is really unique, you get to choose which assignments you complete, but as long as you complete a certain number of assignments, you're good to go.
4.5 : Awesome teacher, made the class very doable
3.5 : great class
3.0 : Chris is passionate that we gain skills. There were several times I ran into typos and on a couple occasions broken links. Give him the benefit of the doubt, he is not "scrapping" this stuff together-there are just LOTS of resources he wants to give access to. He will answer questions, most swiftly during his business hours.
5.0 : He was amazing. One of the best teachers I've had and he was an online teacher!
5.0 : ENJOYED THE CLASS 203
4.5 : Hudson puts herself in your shoes. She provides an outline of each chapter and powerpoints. This is helpful so you are able to LISTEN to her extremely relatable lectures, instead of writing like mad to keep up. Her knowledge of the materials is of the highest caliber. Her expectations are clear and will force you participate during class. Love her!
4.0 : I loved her and this class. She is hilarious and makes the class very interesting. Tons of extra credit but if you don't go to class you won't pass. She is my absolute favorite professor I have had a BSU
5.0 : Marianne is the BEST PROFESSOR EVER.  She is hilarious, gives lots of extra credit (especially if you like the Seahawks), and does an awesome job at teaching.  Expect pop quizzes often, so skipping isn't recommended.  She also randomly chooses days to take attendance.  Tests are taken on your own time and open notes.  Overall best professor ever!
4.0 : she makes the class super interesting and fun and has great stories. make sure to take her class during the fall so you get TONS of extra credit when the seahawks win. her tests are easy but her essays are super hard. make sure you read ALL the instructions even though they are 5 pages long and do everything she wants to get a good grade.
4.0 : Professor Hudson was one of the best teachers I have ever had. She is tough on her classes in terms of attendance and classroom rules, but she is a great teacher. She gives tons of extra credit, which makes up for the daily/weekly quizzes. Her tests were open-note on blackboard. I suggest printing out the powerpoints because she goes pretty fast.
2.5 : Horrible.  Won't think outside the box on anything.  If it is not in the textbook do not even think about it.  Supremely difficult tests.  Online schedule very difficult for people with jobs. Extra credit for sports stuff (Seahawks). Terribly unprofessional and wrong for a university setting. i will never take a CJ class again cause of her.
4.0 : Seems very intimidating at first but she is very straight forward and direct, lots of extra credit for just showing up and and on  quizzes. Pop quizzed once a week but you get notes however it is a short amount of time and shouldn't rely on notes. Tests are difficult but there are only 2 aside from final. Just don't skip class and study often
4.0 : Super funny and knows her stuff. She seems pretty mean at first, but she's just strict. She can seem a little snooty at times, but she really knows what she's talking about. Take her in person rather than online, though. I failed my online class with her, but did really well with her this semester in person.
3.0 : Took her class online over summer (three week course). The first week every day an assignment was due and would grade them at the end of the week to post it on black board. She grades heavy on APA format. If you have a good grasp on that format, you'll be fine. She did however have a good amount of extra credit on sports teams if they won or lost.
4.5 : Marianna is a complete BA! She's so funny, and I personally think she makes her lectures very interesting. Exams are online, so you can use your notes and your textbook. She provides "chapter handouts" for you so you don't have to take that much notes. Gives random attendance quizzes, and pop quizzes but lets you use notes! Love her.
4.0 : Great teacher, seems intimidating at first. She is actually REALLY funny. Pop quizzes every week but allowed to use notes. Tests are open note but still study for the tests as if they are not open note. Do NOT rely on just reading off the notes. Offers a lot of extra credit. Everyday we have class she says something that makes everyone laugh.
4.5 : She kind of seems intimidating, but she's hilarious and I genuinely enjoyed her lectures. She also gives a lot of extra credit, especially in the fall during football season. Tests are easy, because they're open book. Just don't be late or you will miss out on points and get called out.
4.0 : She definitely knows her stuff, and she's pretty funny.  Quizzes are pretty easy- she usually gives you a few minutes with your notes to finish them.  Tests are straightforward- read the book &amp; you'll do well. Writing assignments are to read a book and submit 3 'summary &amp; analysis' papers throughout the semester. She's a stickler for APA format.
5.0 : Hudson is absolutely amazing, she is absolutely hilarious and makes the class fun to go to and look forward to. There are many pop quizzes throughout the semester but you can use the book and power points to complete it, there are 3 exams that you take on your own time. Even if you're not a CJ major I would recommend this class for the experience!
5.0 : Professor Hudson is awesome and HILARIOUS. She loves football (Seahawks, specifically), so sometimes she would give us free extra credit just because her team won. Lectures are easy because she gives you the PowerPoint outlines on BlackBoard. Tests are tough, but they are taken online at home so you can use your notes. Would highly recommend!
4.0 : She seems really intimidating at first, but I feel like it's all a front for the first week. She really knows her stuff and will take extra time making sure you understand. Make sure you print out her handouts beforehand because she will quiz you on the content of those. There's usually a quiz every class but you can use your notes.
5.0 : Marianne is a fantastic professor. Probably one of the best professors I've ever had. She is so passionate about law and how it applies in the societal realm. Her lectures are so interesting, even to someone who doesn't find law very fun or exciting. Try to take her class in the fall, as she's an avid SeahawkBronco fan that gives EC on the outcome
5.0 : By far the greatest professor I have ever had!  She is SO funny in her lectures, an awesome teacher, and gives tons of extra credit.  If you like the seahawks, she'll love you.  Make sure to write down all of the Seahawk's scores for extra credit!
5.0 : She is super fun and entertaining. Very good at explaining material. Loves the Seahawks and gives lots of extra credit opportunities including attendance quizzes.
5.0 : Such a good teacher and is very interesting and funny.  She gives open note quizzes once a week or every other week but with extra credit on them.  She is super blunt and witty and it is a very entertaining class. I would take more classes with her.
1.0 : Requires 2 papers &amp; will skip the 2nd one if she hasn't graded the first one on time. APA NAZI - not even kidding. Blamed for plagiarism when every sentence was cited unless it was my own words. She does give tons of extra credit so when you fail the paper it helps make up for it. Tests are about 1 minute per question so you better study.
1.0 : This was by far the worst class I had taken this semester. Maybe cause it was online, but it was not enjoyable. Her grading outline is unclear and she is the worst on citing. At first I thought I was taking an english class not a CJ class. Even the writing center couldn't help me. She does give lots of extra credit though.
1.0 : Quizzes are easy but she would obviously rather be an English professor than a CJ professor. She loves to charge people with plagiarism if you don't follow her list of over 100 rules to follow for writing assignments. I cited every sentence in a paper and was still accused of plagerising and I'm not the only one who has had this problem with her.
4.0 : Good and interesting teacher. Gives lectures over the powerpoints each and every class period. Tests are taken at home at on the computer. Tests are not too bad and the powerpoints contain most of the answers to the questions on the tests. She loves to give pop quizzes, so be prepared for those but you can use the notes on them. DON'T BE LATE!
5.0 : Hands down the best professor at Boise State, I would take his class every semester if I could! Highly recommend. Art is so caring and helpful, and extremely respectful towards his students. If you have any questions or problems, he is there for you 100%.
5.0 : AMAZING TEACHER
3.5 : Art's lectures are extremely boring but if your looking for an easy A I would definitely choose him. He gives you the answers to all tests and quizzes (including the final) so you just need to memorize them. 2 major papers but he just gave most people 100% on them. Takes attendance every day! DONT NEED THE BOOK EVER!!!
5.0 : Art tests straight from his lecture slides and makes sure that students feel prepared prior to quizes
5.0 : Art Dodson is an amazing teacher. He is passionate about social work and wants to make his students passionate as well. Although sometimes his lecture can be boring, overall it is a great class to take. Everyone I knew in my class got an A. It is definitely worth taking. He grades off of volunteering, 3 essays, 2 quizzes, the midterm and the final.
5.0 : This guy is awesome. He is really funny too.
5.0 : wow, all I can say is the best teacher in BSU. he basically works with every student so that they can get An A. works through with you every assignment and makes sure that he did understood you. the best of All.
5.0 : Will miss this professor! Need more like him in the social work program.  Fosters learning and is an excellent source when it comes to experiences. Engages the classroom.
5.0 : Awesome! She made this class fun. This was the only class I ever looked forward to going go. Not only did my writing improve but I Aldo gained a lot of confidence in my writing because of her. Definitely recommend her!
5.0 : Amanda is a super cool teacher. She's got the same taste of music as I do as well. Take her, she makes the topic a lot more interesting.
4.0 : I was looking for something to fill an elective. So I decided to take ASL, I didn't realize what I was getting myself into. Although it's a really fun class, it's very time consuming. For a 101, I believe that it's too much busy work. Excellent teacher though, she's so funny and knowledgeable about signing. Recommended if you like busy work.
5.0 : He is really passionate about teaching.
4.0 : Look, Busstat is a tough subject to sit through. You're basically going to have to teach yourself the subject but I think Patrick is a solid choice in a professor compared to the others. If you go to class, do the assignments, and actually study, you will be fine. You can't expect this course to be one you only work on in class.
2.0 : Lectures were alright but very dry; he worked through many example problems. Homework came from MyStatsLab. It didn't seem to know how to use the program because often times we would have homework and quiz questions on things that were never covered in lecture. So the book is a must. He gives group quizzes every week, but they were easy.
5.0 : If you are serious about art, take Dan's classes. He will push you no matter what skill level you have. Highly recommend these classes.
5.0 : If you have a passion to stretch beyond the bounds of what you thought possible with art, Dan will be there to help and guide you. His passion inspires each of us to become more logical, yet more creative artists. Complete freedom is granted in this class, but daily critiques with Dan help us to defend our art, and build reason.
4.0 : TAKE DR. SARIN IF YOU HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY!!!! At BSU we are SO lucky to have a professor like him. No other professor has the experience/intelligence that he has. You will learn a lot. If you want an easy class, why are you in COBE? Work hard, play hard, Broncos!!
3.5 : I really didn't like him. Yes, he is clear and knowledgeable and I see why people love him, but he is very rude to students. Interrupts people more times than I can count, not respectful to students. He uses a ton of real world examples, attendance isn't mandatory, but he keeps an eye on who shows up. He is very willing to explain things.
5.0 : He DA MAN!
5.0 : I loved this professor. He is fantastic at relating the material to the real world. It is important to go to class and participate. If you don't understand something just ask for clarification. He really cares if you understand the material. If you understand everything and go to class, take notes and review them, the tests are not too hard.
5.0 : Get ready to work for your grade and put in a lot of effort but you WILL NOT regret it. You will learn lots while working with real-world companies. Bombdotcom!
4.5 : If you take class from him you will learn... miss class and you will not pass, he is a fantastic professor and he knows his stuff. He will not put up with crap and will test you on the lectures, 3 exams are your entire grade. Exams consist 80% from class lectures and 20% from the text book. He doesn't take attendance but has a photographic memory.
4.5 : TOUGH class.  The toughest I have taken.  Also, probably learned the most of any class here.  Shikhar is very tough.  You are pushed hard to learn and produce a great end-product.  Expect to feel overwhelmed, a lot.  Expect to learn a lot.  If you are a Marketing major or minor, take this class. Period.  If you need an elective, good to consider.
4.0 : Jan is a great teacher.  There are two group projects that take up the majority of the semester.  She encourages participation and tries to make the material as engaging as possible.  Super sweet, outfit always on point, an easy A if you put forth the effort and do the assignments!
5.0 : She was pretty good. Lectures consist of listening to other groups present for 30 min then she goes over things she wants you to know. Very nice &amp; helpful if you are respectful to her. 2 group presentations, quizzes on blackboard about every week, &amp; 2 multiple choice tests based off of lectures and quizzes. Be ready to work w/ your assigned group.
4.5 : One of my favorite professors!  Book needed for online quizzes, attendance is graded (so go to class!), two tests, and had two big group presentations (but it's the best group experience I've ever had!).  She is great at her job and you can tell she loves it!  I would highly recommend Professor Stephens to anyone!!
5.0 : Easiest and nicest teacher at BSU. Shes awesome and makes class enjoyable. You have two huge group presentations all year and two easy tests and easy take home quizzes.
5.0 : + Chill class + Attendance is mandatory (It is a grade) + Show up, pay attention, do the quizzes, and you will pass + Cooperate with your group + She is extremely nice and intelligent. Everyone who has taken a class from her adores her. Like me, they will not hesitate to recommend her for MGMT301.
1.5 : She is one of the most unorganized teachers ever and expects you to write like an English major. What I'm saying is she grades very unfair and I wish I had taken a different professor. If your choosing classes try and take someone else! Especially if you have a job or activities, her class takes up a lot of time!
5.0 : Loved her class.  She fostered open communication and a fun atmosphere.  Two group presentations and regular quizzes.  Outfit always on point, too.
5.0 : Janet is a quality professor and one of the best that I have experienced at Boise State.  People complain about writing the reflection papers; the truth is, if you are unable to write a paper and receive full points from Janet, you need to work on your writing skills.
4.0 : Jan was one of my favorite profs. of campus thus far. She keeps a otherwise boring class very upbeat and genuinely cares about students and what she's teaching. She does make group projects that you will be in for the whole semester but she does it well. Be prepared for speeches, but my public speaking ability was much improved from this class.
3.5 : Jan is so nice. Her lectures can be a bit long and monotonous, but she is really understanding. Can be a tough grader, but she is fair. Expect a lot of presentations and group work.
5.0 : She is AMAZING. Take her class and you will not regret it. She really levels with the students and understands that what she teaches is hard, so she presents it with clarity and humor to help you remember it! Tests off of concept understanding and uses homework problems and review questions on the exams. Great teacher!
5.0 : Great, friendly professor. Took Bio301 over the summer - difficult course with very meticulous material and she doesn't go easy on her tests (4 at 25% each). However she only tests on lecture material and her powerpoints/reviews are very well done. Put the work in, memorize the terms, and spend time preparing for the tests and you can pull an A.
4.0 : Very friendly and passionate about her work.  Gets a little side-tracked during lectures and can sometimes explain things in a confusing manner but is very aware of when her students are confused.  Tests were difficult but definitely not impossible, she lifts questions straight from the practice tests.  I would take another class from her again.
5.0 : She is an amazing teacher! Don't bother buying the book for micro, she only tests over the material she lectures. Tests are easy if you go to class and take notes. I got over 100% on all the tests and didn't have to take the final.
3.5 : Norm might be my favorite person. I would take any of his classes, even a subject I hated would be alright with him. He encourages discussion and is dedicated to making sure his students learn.
4.0 : Norm is a good professor. He honestly cares about his students and is PASSIONATE about the future of education. He loves group discussion and having the class learn from each other. He is firm but fair and willing to match your effort in the class. :)
5.0 : Norm is amazing! He makes his students think for themselves and encourages diversity. If you are debating becoming an education major take this course. It is only It is an easy A if you work on the essays.
4.0 : Moorman is a great teacher with a great attitude. He was one of the best English teachers I have ever had. He is really easy going and has a great sense of humor. He has a pretty strict attendance policy, but otherwise is awesome. I would highly recommend him! He is also the English teacher for CWI.
5.0 : I have had Collin for two separate classes (English 102 &amp; humanities) and both were setup the same way. Take the discussion board posts seriously and make posts/replies multiple days of the week and you will get a good grade. Writing assignments are interesting, and he he is great at answering questions and giving feedback.
5.0 : Great professor. Really know's his stuff and makes crony jokes all time time. Be on time, show up to class, do your work, and you will pass. He is always open to talk too if your happy with your grade.
5.0 : One of the best instructors I have taken. I have taken his humaities class twice, easy and fun. I never met him in person only online and he helped me so much so I can pass his course. He does not give any tests or quizzes, i would recommend this instructor to anyone who wants to pass it with an A.
3.0 : So excessive. Even when you simply email him, he'll give you a four paragraph reply. Not bad, just not something you see often. The class was confusing at times and I did struggle to truly learn the material.
5.0 : I took this class online. It was ALOT of reading, like any online course. Easy A if you do the work on time, and participate. Mr. Hughes is always reminding us to participate in the discussion boards and blogs, and we have to respond to others keep up a conversation in order to get an A.  Also must log on 3xweek. Great course, I got an A.
5.0 : I loved this class. I learned so much and He was so passionate about what he was teaching.
5.0 : Dr. Moreau is a fantastic music professor. He understands music theory on a deeper level than anyone I've ever met, and he is a passionate teacher. He makes learning difficult material enjoyable. Highly recommend!
4.5 : Dr. Moreau is so enthusiastic and really looks to help his students be successful. He is friendly and good at teaching the curriculum so anyone can understand it.
2.0 : Really boring, unless you really like classical music, or have to take this class I wouldn't recommend it.
3.5 : Unless you are passionate about musical history, don't take this class. Yeah, its Mus 100, but he does not teach it entry level. You grade is passed upon 4 tests and a few quizzes. I attend every lecture, and take notes on everything, and get I barley pass his tests. He is difficult and I regret taking this course
5.0 : I loved studying under Dr. Moreau and can't wait to take more classes from him in the future.
4.0 : Very helpful professor. Music theory nerd, but is passionate about learning and gives students everything they need to succeed.  Good sense of humor, very caring.
4.5 : A great and interesting class.
4.5 : He goes into really specific detail on everything he teaches, and only tests on what he lectures on. I never opened the textbook after the first day, but the listening CDs are absolutely required if you wanna do well on the tests. You can really tell how passionate he is on the subject, and he made me care about it more than I thought I would.
5.0 : Dr Moreau is such a cool dude. You definitely don't need the textbook, I never even bought the book and I passed with an A. He's super passionate about what he's teaching, which is nice. Make sure you do the quizzes before the tests and you'll be fine.
2.5 : Tests are ridiculously difficult. Studied for hours and still had trouble passing. As a mechanical engineering major, I don't care about music all that much. He'll go into details about the lives of 17th century composers, and honestly. unless you're a music major, who cares?   Ridiculously difficult INTRO to music class. Take Dr. Hodges instead.
3.0 : If you aren't an EXTREMELY passionate classical music listener, don't  take this class! I was a 4.0 student throughout high school and barely passed this ellective with a B. It is supposed to be an entry level class, yet he expects you to listen to the music for hours(on your own time) and understand the "deeper meaning" of the music. Take Art 100
5.0 : amazing  teacher
5.0 : Engaging, interesting, and helpful. This class focuses on exposure to and thought about literature and very little on composition (it's a 200, be real). So far, this was the best class and best professor I've had at BSU. Cheryl has my highest rating. Be warned, you will be expected to share your interpretations and be versed in composition.
4.5 : Cheryl is seriously THE BEST. This is a hard class and you have to work, but it is so so so worth it. You will learn a ton and laugh A LOT. She is hilarious and such a nice lady. Take this class!!
5.0 : Cheryl rocked my world this semester. Seriously, one of the best classes I have ever taken and probably my favorite professor at BSU. There is a lot of reading in this class, but 100% worth it. You will get so much out of it. Take as many classes with Cheryl as you can! She is freaking hilarious and absolutely brilliant!!
5.0 : Very strong lecturer. It is clear that he is passionate about emag and knows his stuff. Not an easy course, but tests are open book+notes. Very friendly and helpful outside of class. He is also rare in his efforts to prep students for real world work, regularly giving asides about how things are ACTUALLY done at engineering companies!  Outstanding!
5.0 : Awesome dude.
5.0 : A very fun professor to have for a core class. Gives a nice history of theater with some interesting plays to read. Just show up to class, read the plays assigned and you'll do fine. Provides power-points with all the answers you'll need for the tests. Very nice and a great professor.
5.0 : Carole is just a cute little teddy bear. So helpful, and made taking a required theater class entertaining.
4.5 : Carole has such a passion for the theater and it shows when you teach. I was worried about taking this class that it would be boring, but with the way she teach it makes you interested in the subject.
4.5 : She is such a sweet lady that understands that we have a busy schedule and other upper priority  classes. This class has a open and fun environment to be in. The plays we were required to go to were fun and easy to talk about. Her extra credit opportunities are very frequent and some are easy. There is no textbook in this class to save money.
4.5 : Carole is hilarious. She is very laid back and is passionate about what she teaches. She cancelled our third exam as well as let us take a quiz 'as a class' because she knew we all didn't read the play. I would definitely recommend this class for  DLV.
5.0 : My favorite class this semester. Super clear about what she expects, and knows that this isn't a class for your major. She's just trying to give you an appreciation for what she loves, which was why she was so fantastic. Her assignments required thought but were not overly time-consuming, and tests were manageable. Worth getting up for on a Sat AM!
5.0 : Kim is AWESOME!!! By far one of the best teachers at BSU.  If you go to class and put in the time on ALEKS doing math assignments you will get an A.  She is always willing to help.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!!!
5.0 : Wilson is a wonderful teacher.  Before her classes I hated math, but she took the time to explain and valued the process, not just the answer.  She's kind of old-school and prefers to do things the manual way.  I like that.  Also, she is super nice and will always take the time to explain whatever you need.  One of my favorite teachers ever
5.0 : Mrs. Wilson is awesome. Although you don't get much taught from her because the coursework is done through an online program, Mrs. Wilson is more than willing to help you until you really understand the math. You can really tell that she cares about her students. I would definitely take her again if she taught higher math. Nice lady.
4.5 : Great professor. Really cares about students and wants the best for you. Always wants to help as much as she can. Ask her questions if you need to! She is very approachable.
5.0 : She is an amazing teacher I would recommend her to anyone!!!
5.0 : Kimberly is mom-like and very caring! I took the "fast track" combination class of Math 025, and Math 108 which I was very intimidated by since you have to do 12 hours of Aleks Math Software. As long as you complete your hours and topic goals you will pass the class. She gives you a clear study guide and I had no problem with the Midterms and Final
4.5 : I love Professor Wilson! She is always so willing to help out students and help you succeed. I am usually terrible at math, but I ended up loving this class because of Wilson. Ya, doing 6 hours of Aleks sucks, but when it comes down to it, do the time and topics every week and you're bound to get an A. She will sometimes give extra credit, just ask
5.0 : Dr. Humphrey is one of the best professors I have ever had. He is incredibly passionate about special needs students and about education in general. His class is tough and it's kind of sink-or-swim- it's very challenging so work and study hard. Beware that instructions are sparse and he can be hard to get a hold of, but he is very understanding.
4.5 : A great professor.  For the first time in my life I truly understand what it is I'm doing in math.  I wish he taught all of the math classes.  He explains things well and is a very fair grader.  Highly recommended.
5.0 : Unfortunately, Billy is leaving BSU this semester. The next school to get him is lucky. He's a fantastic calculus teacher; I enjoyed his Calc 2 so much I took a summer class just so I could enjoy his Calc 3 class. He gives weekly quizzes instead of big quarterly exams, and homework is due each week as well. He keeps you busy, but you'll learn!
1.0 : Not a very good teacher. Takes textbook examples and writes them on the board then does his own solution and says: "See I did it differently but still got the same answer." and moves on. Doesn't teach much other than out of book you're better off reading at home and coming to class on test days.
5.0 : I don't have enough characters to fully express my praise for Professor Hudson, but with a hundred down, I'll give it a go. Billy Hudson is a remarkable professor who loves what he teaches, and wants you to love it to. Even if you don't love math, though, as is often the case, he will do everything he can to help you at least understand it. 1010
4.0 : Hudson is by far the best math teacher I've had in college. He does a good job teaching the material and has a straight forward method. Calc 2 is a hard class but  Hudson really works with the students to make sure everybody can pass. I would definitely recommend him!
1.0 : This is the worst class I've ever taken. If you take this class, study everything, including stuff he doesn't tell you about. However, there is a good way to avoid his horrible teaching: DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS!!
5.0 : Billy truly is the best teacher/professor I have ever had. Going into calculus with no background experience, I wouldn't have stood a chance without Billy. Expected a C in the beginning of the year, ended top of the class thanks to Billy. Would recommend to anyone.
4.5 : Billy is by far the best math professor I have ever had. He truly wants to pass as many students as he can. If you ever need help with anything, he is very willing to assist students during his office hours. Billy encourages students to ask questions because he truly wants everybody to understand the material. I strongly recommend Billy.
4.0 : Class is clear-cut and laid out. The blackboard site can be hard to navigate and understand at times, but for the most part, it's the basic online course. Blog post each week and an assignment, quiz, or other task. Straight out of the book, and easy A if you manage your time. Grades fairly.
5.0 : A lot of writing but my favorite class in college so far. Makes you really understand the social problems of our society. Follow her rubrics and you will do well. Gives great feedback and wants you to do well. Very timely with grading. I loved this class.
5.0 : Kim is an AWESOME professor!!  She engages the class, and pushes the students to do their best.  If you do not pass her class... you are not trying!  Her tests are from the text, class time required group discussions and presentations, and she was willing to work around my work/family schedule to accommodate missed class time.  Highly recommend!!
5.0 : Awesome class!  Kimberly keeps it interesting through out the semester.  She is very clear on the requirements.  I would definitely take another class from her!!!
5.0 : Awesome professor who really enjoys what she does and is really encouraging. A lot of interesting topics and she always gives you the chance to chose your subjects. Would recommend her for anyone.
4.0 : Heavy on discussion boards and you have to agree and disagree with others postings.  Not a huge fan at first but realized it gave me a better perspective of Social Problems from the view of other students.  I loved this class! She gave great feedback and was very quick to respond to emails.  She's big on citing and referencing.
5.0 : Excellent! (Wish I could give more than one chili pepper!)
4.0 : I took this class online and it was awesome! She can meet up with you easily to go over assignments. Quiz almost every week, and the quizzes are pretty hard. The weekly assignments are pretty easy. Total time per week was about 2-3 hours. Would love to take her again!
3.0 : Attendance is not required in this class as Jack puts everything on Blackboard capture. He is a very experienced professor who understands a lot about the field of special education. The field experience portion of this course is very meaningful and Jack strives to make sure that it is the best it could be. I recommend taking this from him.
4.0 : I  highly recommend Professor Hourcade for Ed-Sped 250. He knows the content well and has clear expectations for his students. Buying the book is unnecessary  and expensive. Tests are easy and attendance isn't mandatory, but I still attended every lecture.
5.0 : Dr. Heath is amazing! One of the best Biology professors at Boise State! She's really knowledgeable, fun, and wants to help her students succeed. If you have the chance to take one of her classes, do it!
5.0 : Awesome Professor I've never understood thing so well before!
5.0 : One of the few teachers who cared enough about the students to prepare the lectures well enough before class. Down to earth, gave great feedback on homework questions and super chill with students. Would take this class again for her.   It also helps that she's pretty hot. This from a gay guy.
3.0 : I have never before taken a class where I felt like I literally learned nothing. Most students couldn't do the homework until wright basically gave us the answer.   It could have been the class, but I still think this professor can't teach in a way that sticks.
5.0 : He loves math! Pleasure to be in his class, he works hard for his students and had absolute knowledge of the material. Helpful, dorky, extremely likeable
5.0 : Prof. Wright is one of the most caring professors in the math department. He is really willing to help anyone as long as they take time to seek help. I really like his personality and teaching style. I would absolutely take another class from him! His class is hard but he is very reasonable and very helpful. Great professor!
5.0 : Partial differential equations, undergrad section. Gradys lectures are very straightforward. He does examples that related directly to the hw. pay attention to his proofs. they dont relate as much to the hw but theyre the most valuable part of the class.
5.0 : My favorite Biology professor! His classes are the best and I'm so glad I took them!
5.0 : Goes over material thoroughly, and will readily backtrack to help out a student that doesn't get something. Understands that the coursework is hard to learn and encourages everyone to do their best. Also brought in chocolate covered coffee beans because the class started late
3.5 : Dr. Belthoff is invested in his students and works to make certain you understand the material. You can tell he enjoys the subject and tries to make it as interesting as possible by including stats relevant to the  individual student's interest in the homework. I definitely plan on taking more courses from Dr. Belthoff.
2.5 : She was often unclear about assignments and it wasn't just me it was the whole class. She often sounded pretentious in my opinion, she was very funny at times. I often felt like if your artwork wasn't  a certain style you wouldn't get a good grade. I felt stressed often I was't doing my art her way.
5.0 : She worked hard to give us worksheets to help understand the material. She responds to emails quickly and answers any questions you have. She is very descriptive when she gives you a grade. There was a lot of reading and her lecture videos she does are long. Be sure you do your work and take time to do it. Otherwise an easy pass.
4.0 : Erin was awesome! I'm a student who didn't have much interest in Art, but she made me interested. She's very passionate about art and it shines through during her lectures. I'm glad I took this class with her. Lots of extra credit available as well which was very helpful. She's very intelligent and knows what she's talking about.
5.0 : Loved having Erin as a professor! She is so nice and went BEYOND to make sure everyone had the grade they wanted. There's a lot to remember for this class but there's no reason not to pass it, she gave multiple extra credit opportunities and allows you to drop an entire exam grade. Wonderful professor.
5.0 : I was inspired! Loved her lectures! No help on animation project what so ever!! This assignment reflected the new animation classes being offered. Many did not have the skills for this assignment and should not have been assigned unless teaching the practical skills!
3.5 : Had Erin for Intro to Art and out of all my classes it was by far the hardest one I took. Expect 4-5 hours of reading a week and various homework assignements assigned throughout the semester. Test content is loosely hinted at but she expects retention on subjects. Tough class, recommend taking Intro to Theatre for humanities credit.
5.0 : Erin is great! She's hilarious, and keeps the class interesting. She curates conversations about the art presented, and tries to challenge her students. The assignments aren't difficult, but definitely require you to put in the time and work (sometimes money). If you take this class and need help, ASK!!! Erin is great, and will help you if you need
4.5 : This is a hard class. But erin adds her  flair to everything and this makes the class worthwhile. She's weird, but funny. Don't fall behind on the workload though.
4.5 : Show up to class and you will pass. Her tests are what she gives you in lecture and has lots of reviews to prepare you. Attendance quizzes were open note, open book, open partner so basically you just credit for showing up.
4.0 : She's very quirky, but really knows what she's talking about. She (or the assistants) will always be willing to talk through your projects to make them better. If you just show up you'll be fine.
4.0 : I really liked Erin!She is really funny and makes the class go by faster and seem more enjoyable. She gave random pop quizzes and those would count as attendance. It'd be best if you attend the class to get all the material, sometimes her tests have stuff she talk about only in the lecture.
2.5 : Everyone takes this art class thinking its easy. Its hard and her lectures are 3 hours long if you take it once a week, its pretty boring but that's a given. She cracks jokes and is quirky. Tests are hard. Gives pop quizzes for attendance. A lot of extra credit opportunities.
5.0 : Erin is a wonderful professor! She's very funny and caring and makes class fun, even if art isn't necessarily your favorite subject. She answers emails almost immediately and clarifies any questions you may have. You can tell she likes to have fun with the assignments and is always available if you need help. I would definitely recommend her!
5.0 : I am not a big fan of online classes, but Erin made it great! It was obvious that she truly loved what she was teaching and wanted us to love it as much as she did. She gave WONDERFUL feedback and clear due dates. There were textbook readings each week, and usually a weekly connect assignment and discussion board post, along with 2 DB replies.
4.0 : as long as you read the textbook, do the review sheets,  and attend majority of the classes, you will no doubt pass the class with either an A or B. Erin lectures are interested and she gives you many chances to earn extra credit point (which will help you boost your grade by a lot)
2.5 : The lectures seem long and drawn out. A lot of the information she puts on her tests are from her lecture so if you don't show up to class then you miss a lot of what will be on the test because there is a lot of extra information outside of the textbook. It could be a fun class but she doesn't present the material clearly for a 100 level class.
4.0 : Everything erin says is in the book. If you read the book, you would find that. She is really helpful and gives awesome review sheets that have all of the questions for the tests beforehand. Yes, she wants you to work, but this is college. If you ask for help, she is generous.
5.0 : Excellent class despite condensed 3 week. He's fun and engaging. Grade heavily weighted toward online chapter reviews.  Just do them, and you're good. An exam each week but not cumulative; lots of multiple choice, and each has 2 short essays.  Study guide provided. Just pay attention, study a bit, do online chapter reviews, and you'll get an A.
4.5 : Dr. Russell is far and away one of the best professors I've ever had. Her class is NOT easy; expect a lot of math and a lot of chemistry. But she does everything in her power to make you understand the material. Her lectures and homeworks directly correlate to what will be on the exams; she isn't out to trick you, just teach you.
4.0 : Hardest class I've taken (the ACS final at the end was a breeze).  Dale nails into you the concepts; you'll leave the class 100% knowledgeable. She's reasonable with homework due, ask for an extension, she'll give it. She's understanding! Go to office hours; it's so difficult, only she seems to be able to help.I became a chem major after her class.
3.5 : Best professor I have had at BSU! Took the class in the summer, which in itself is hard. If you can avoid taking chemistry in the summmer, do so. If you have to take it, take it from her! Gives old exams to practice concepts with, and her tests are very similar.
5.0 : Analytical chem was by far NOT easy at all; but, she explained concepts really well to the class. She actually cares about her students&amp;was usually pretty available after class to help out her students. We did have a textbook but it was optional to get/use it. Can tell she really knows her material for this class. I definitely would take her again
5.0 : By far my favorite professor at Boise State. Like many have said, she is helpful, knowledgable, and personable. DEFINITELY TAKE CHEMISTRY FROM HER!! She is the one that actually made me care about Chemistry. I added on a Chemistry minor just so I could have an excuse to take more of her classes.
5.0 : She is a great teacher, but she will make you work hard for your grade.  This is NOT an easy class, and she expects you do put in the work if you want to get an A or a B.  Dr. Russell is incredibly knowledgeable, does a good job explaining the material and is very helpful in office hours.
5.0 : This class is difficult and time consuming, however Dr. Russell is an amazing teacher. If you put in the work, it will pay off. Don't be afraid to go to  office hours. Dr. Russell is extremely helpful if you ask. I didn't know what to expect coming in, but left with a love of analytical chemistry.
5.0 : Very good teacher, she is very intelligent and knows a lot about chemistry. The class is hard,but she is by far the best teacher for Gen Chem at BSU. Do the homework, go to class, study for exams, put in effort youll pass the class
5.0 : Dale is by far the BEST professor I have ever had. I would love to take every class from her. Analytical chemistry is not an easy class, but she makes you work so hard throughout the semester that the ACS standardized final feels like a walk in the park.
1.0 : HORRIBLE TEACHER! AVOID AT ALL COSTS! She just throws you to the wolves in the lecture, super fast paced and doesn't go back or slow down. Attacks you with HW with some unrealistic due dates and grades the HW really tough.
5.0 : Dr. Russell is an amazing chemistry professor, she is extremely knowledgable and helpful. Her class is not a walk in the park but if you truly try to learn you will learn more from her than any other professor.
5.0 : I had her for Gen Chem and Analytical Chem. Her class isn't easy, but she explains concepts better than any teach I have had. She is completely committed to her students. I recommend her to EVERYONE!!
4.5 : Dale is a great professor. She is ver helpful and literally gives you every resource to pass this class if you work hard at it. Her practice exams and really close to the actual exam. If you don't understand something she is willing to explain it in a way that will make sense. Chem is not an easy class but she makes it more bearable. Good luck!
2.0 : Not having lecture slides or providing a recording of her lectures did not help a lot when studying for her tests.  She was flexible and sympathetic to the new online program for homework. She was also condescending at times to students and especially when the class average was a 55 on a test. She does not curve, but provides extra credit problems.
4.5 : Dale Russell is the best chemistry professor at Boise State. Her class is not easy, but if you actually want to learn the material she is the professor to take. She does NOT "throw you to the wolves"as others have said. She gives you every tool necessary to excel in her class and she is ALWAYS willing to answer questions and help students succeed.
5.0 : Dale is an inspiration! Very difficult class made simple, couldn't ask for better!
2.0 : She makes the tests harder so students learn more effectively (
5.0 : Dale is THE greatest professor at Boise State. I've never had an instructor take such a difficult class and break it down in a way that made it not only manageable, but enjoyable. Dale is the epitome of what an instructor should be, and BSU is lucky to have her and I am so honored to have been her student!
5.0 : Dale is a wonderful professor.  I learned more in one week of her lecture than I did in an entire semester of 112. She provides ample extra credit opportunities,  even offering  point recovery for exams. She is VERY willing to answer any questions you may have even outside of office hours. It's very apparent that she really cares about her students
4.5 : Dale is by far one of the greatest professors teaching at BSU.  She very obviously understands the material she's teaching, and how to present it in a way that makes sense to students. Highly recommend reviewing 112 chemistry beforehand and visiting her during office hours when you can. Difficult course, but make an effort and you'll be fine.
4.0 : Kevin's class was an easy A as long as you did ALEKS homework and reviewed for the tests. He is helpful if you have questions. Even though he is kind of a goofy guy and likes to tell stories,  his class was easy and he helps you out on tests a lot. Would definitely recommend Kevin for 143!
2.0 : Kevin is hilarious.  However, he doesn't know anything about math.  I had to teach myself every single topic for aleks.  Luckily the class itself isn't hard so it should be easy to pass, but if you don't know trig I wouldn't take it with him. He makes jokes the entire lecture and doesn't really do any math.
5.0 : Kevin is a great teacher and he is extremely clear with what he expects. He is always ready to help and tries to explain until you really understand. Math 143 is a tough course but he really helps you. Don't hesitate to ask questions!
3.0 : You use ALEKS which is terrible. However, he knows what he is doing and can help you. There are attendance points but you never need to turn in group work. Tests are fine as long as you keep up with ALEKS.
4.0 : Very helpful and kind, just show up to class and do your work.
5.0 : I LOVED having Kevin as my math professor! Math is in no way my forte but he was sure to answer any questions I had and he would sit there for as long as it took until' I understood. He is definitely a "help you" kind of teacher, not a "show you". He is VERY clear on what and how he grades, and does not beat around the bush with you on anything.
5.0 : Kevnin is a really helpful instructor. He goes out of his way to guide you to the answer instead of showing you. One suggestion: if you're already confident about your trigonometry skills, skip class the first day and do the pretest at home; if you do really well on it (use wolfram alpha), you'll be able to skip A LOT of homework.
1.0 : Absolutely horrible, starts right out the gate saying if you took longer than hour to do the initial assessment on ALKEKS that he is going to get you for academic dishonesty, he doesn't reply to emails, and he is not very helpful in class.
5.0 : Mr. Martinez is one of my favorite professors ever. He has some corny jokes at 7:30am that keep the class interesting. If you need help, just ASK. He and his tutors are more than willing to help, and he explains things in ways to easier understand. I highly recommend him for either 108, 143, or 144 (what he teaches) Show up, do your work each week.
4.5 : Kevin is a great guy. Really great. He's an awesome teacher and if he's not teaching something to an awesome ability, he will do whatever you need him to teach you so YOU understand. He's great I rarely showed up was a horrible student and he still did whatever he could to help me. Loved him. Great teacher.
5.0 : Kevin is great. He is very friendly and personable and always answers questions well in class. He is funny too, well at least he tries to be. Always very reassuring when describing upcoming tests and explaining what is required for students to do in order to pass the class.
3.0 : SO EASY. Tuesday: Work on ALEKS in the lab. Thursday: Group packets graded for attendance not accuracy. Grades made up of weekly attendance, time goal, topic goal, and tests. Two graded tests and final exam. Finish ALEKS pie ASAP and you won't have to go to class anymore until exam. Can take final early. Not much interaction with Kevin, but easy A.
5.0 : Very funny dude. Not a "show you" teacher but a "help you" teacher. He likes to see the students learn on their own, but if you are struggling he usually helps you out and guides you through the topic.
5.0 : Kevin is a great instructor, he is funny, helpful, and very nice. I had a minor hiccup with him at the beginning of the semester that had to do with the Alek's topics but I overreacted and everything got fixed. I would most definitely recommend him for Math 144!
3.5 : I love her so much. She gives many extra credit opportunities for her students. Let's you miss 3 weeks of class with no fuss. Doesn't typically like phone usage but she keeps her students engaged so it doesn't matter. She is always there to help students and is such a nice lady. She is also very down to earth and talks to her students casually.
4.5 : Great professor! I did not think I would enjoy this class but it turned out to be interesting. Lots of class discussions and he does take attendance. But there's no textbook, just small reading assignments. Also he is very helpful and good at teaching the material. I have kept an A all semester
4.0 : Money maker for BSU, class is easy if you show up and participate in class discussions/do your easy projects occasionally. Occasional short readings for hw. Likes it when the class gets fired up over his debates &amp; tries to stir the pot, but requires politeness. Not super exciting nor dull, easy A for moderately interesting course.
5.0 : Matt's a cool guy. You can tell he was an awkward individual growing up but he is a great professor.
4.0 : Mac is very entertaining and very easy to get along with. Super witty and makes class interesting. UF 100 is a joke but an easy A if you do the work. Who doesn't want an easy elective.
4.5 : I had Mac for UF 100 (Story) and he was hands down my favorite teacher. Very energized and made class laid back. He knew it was a class no one wanted to take so he didn't shove it down your throat. I plan on taking more English classes with him in the future.
4.0 : Mac is wonderful professor I've taken for three courses now from 200-300 levels. He is smart, easy going, and makes the material funinteresting. In class quizzes are a breeze. Read the materials, participate in discussion, show up, and think in depth about what he's trying to say and you'll have an A. Also very, VERY easy on the eyes.
4.0 : UF 100 Story Science Fiction was one of the easiest classes I've ever taken. Attendance was mandatory in the discussion group, but not in Lecture. Mac Test didn't care if students were distracted during his lecture, he would just keep talking until the time was up. I used Lecture time to do homework for other classes.
4.0 : I loved this class, there were only about 7 modules in the class and she made them due every other week, because she knew that most people have other more important classes. You actually have to do what she tells you though, the readings were pretty boring but the videos and other things were interesting. Do the work and its an easy A.
5.0 : This was a challenging class and we covered alot of environmental issues. Ithought it would be more political, but it wasn't. It was pretty balanced. The text was ok but the course supps were better. All in all, it was a good course. Recomended
2.5 : Be ready to work hard and have a very open mind. The class is all about critical thinking and exploring your own beliefs.
3.0 : Took this class my first semester of college and have mixed feelings about it. Philosophy is very confusing but she understood this. Most of the class was repetitive. Make sure you get the book and go to class if you want a decent grade. Her final was tough because all the other tests were incredibly easy, bu then come the final she changed it.
2.5 : Philosophy is a hard subject in general but overall I hated this class. Towards the end of the semester the lectures were long and boring. She takes attendance and gives credit for attendance at the end of the semester. Quizzes are given every week as well as homework. If you can take this class with another professor I would recommend it.
5.0 : Great professor that went out of her way to help when I didn't understand something or I was struggling with something.
3.5 : Professor Anchustegui has the 100% Online experience nailed. Hard to imagine Philosophy in that forum but she makes it work. You will read a LOT and write a fair amount. She expects above average writing skills and participation in BB discussion groups is a must. Tests are challenging but are based on material provided. I would take her again.
5.0 : This was one of my last classes for my major. I enjoyed all the ethics topics and learned a lot. My field is healthcare and I will be able to take alot of the concepts with me into the job. The instructor was fair and the text was awesome. Take her if you can.
5.0 : Prof Erin is excellent. Enough said.
3.0 : Pretty easy A. teacher was quite unorganized and scattered. Assignment due dates and requirements were usually unclear. 2 essays, quite a few quizzes and questions from the book. I prefer classes that require less effort. Note taking was pointless, just read from the book. Sent around a sign in sheet at beginning of each class and assigned seats?
5.0 : I took the class thinking it was going to be like other classes. It covered a lot of topics and we went quickly through the last module. It's better than some phil courses I took at BSU. A lot of work.
4.5 : The only reason I took this course was it satisfied a "DLL" and was online.  Liberal Arts are vapid and useless.  However, Erin was an awesome instructor.  I have had questions at 4 on a Saturday afternoon.  I received an answer 15 minutes later.  Mostly I received an answer within 24 hrs.  She is very helpful and cares about her students' success.
5.0 : This was my first online class and Prof Erin has it on point. I took this class in the summer so it was very fast paced homework due every few days. Graded on chapter quizzes, db posts, group project, midterm, and a final. Its not too bad as long as you put the work in.
5.0 : This class was not hard but it was a lot of work. You have to read the textbook. Prof. A's teaching was good, the powerpoints help. Make sure you follow the instructions and you will do fine.
5.0 : She was a great teacher! I had to retake this class because I did quite poorly the first go around with a different teacher. However this time, I felt like everything was so easy to understand and she was very responsive when I needed help.
5.0 : It was a challenge but it was an amazing class with an amazing instructor.  She is an asset the school.  Dr. Anchustegui does not want you to regurgitate facts.  You are encouraged to learn the material so that you can think for yourself and come to the right conclusion.
4.5 : This class is almost over and frankly it was a good class. It was better than I expected. I had heard of philosophy being hard and the teachers not caring, but this was not the case. Take this course if you don't mind doing a lot of reading.
4.5 : She was fantastic. Any time I had concerns or questions, she was there to answer them, and she was extremely helpful. As long as you help yourself in this class and email her when you miss days or if you need help, you'll do well. At the end of the semester she said if we ever needed her for ANYTHING, her door was open. I respect her for it.
5.0 : Professor Packard is honestly one of the best teachers I've ever had! Her class is so simple as long as you do the work and actually go to class. If you go talk to her about your paper, she gives great ideas and helps a ton! Having the book for 101 is key, but 102, not so much because pretty much all the readings are online. Definitely take her!
5.0 : Loved Professor Packard. She really cared about each student. She knew everyone by name and could always tell what everyone's individual projects were. I always felt comfortable asking questions. Fun class with a great teacher. I hate english but golly she made me understand and get an A. I had a about 5 absences and still did okay.
5.0 : Mrs Packard is so cool and nice please get her as a teacher
5.0 : Great teacher who really cares about not only your grade but preparing you for future english classes. For most of the papers she walks you through every step of the way and as long as you meet the requirements you get an A. The way she teaches class makes you very involved and close with one another. MY best college class yet!
5.0 : mrs Packard is an amazing teacher and genuinely kind, reading and small essay each week, 3 big essays. and 2 of those will be used for your portfolio.
5.0 : Prof. Packard is one of the only professors I've had that really cares about what your writing about. She gives amazing feedback and truly tries to help you as much as possible. This class though was a lot of work compared to all the other 102 classes. The good thing though is it is very organized so you won't fall behind.
5.0 : Loved this class in English 101. She gave clear direction and helps you to understand your writing better. If you do your homework you are going to pass.
5.0 : I had her for both English 101 and 102, and she is awesome! She has everything laid out for you and is super helpful, and very flexible with students. If you do everything she asks of you, you are most likely going to receive an A.
5.0 : Probably one of the most kind and genuine people I've ever met. Packard is an amazing teacher and and even better person! I wouldn't take 102 from anybody else if I had to do it over again.
5.0 : Professor Packard without a doubt is the most amazing English teacher I've ever had, as a student who has always struggled with english she is always there hands on to help you whenever. I would HIGHLY recommend her she's extremely helpful!!
4.0 : Danielle is a great teacher. I am not a huge writer, &amp; she was ok with that. She will go out of her way for her students, &amp; truly cares about their grade. She is a tough grader, but you can always go back and revise your assignments. She counts attendance as points as well. A lot of the work in done in class &amp; you get to work in groups a lot. TAKE!
5.0 : One of the easiest classes I've ever taken. The only assignments are posting to the discussion board about your heart rate, amount of steps you took, and where you walked.
4.0 : His tests can be pretty hard, but he's willing to work with you. He's a nice guy and he knows what he's talking about.
4.0 : He was a pretty good professor. You could tell during lectures that he really knew his stuff and gave great tips to make certain math processes faster. Only downside is he sometimes took forever to post our  weekly topic goals.
5.0 : This guy is awesome!  Great at explaining and willing to answer questions.  I would take another class with him in a heartbeat.
5.0 : Amazing!! Gives soo much extra credit. Tries hard to help you understand and very willing to make extra time to meet with you. If you try you can easily get an A.
5.0 : EXCELLENT teacher. I took Chem112 in the spring &amp;got a D+. Took it again in the summer&amp;got a B. He gives great feedback on tests, gives partial credit on tests, and offers a lot of extra credit. I LOVE the way he teaches. His notes are detailed &amp;filled with lots of example problems, &amp;he has nice penmanship. He's usually pretty available after class
5.0 : Currently taking her now, and she is both attentive and caring about her student's grades and needs. Lots of readings, but they are all heavily applicable to the course material. I bought the book for $10, the rest of the readings we just have to print. Only problem is she takes a long time to grade assignments. Expect unit 1 grade after unit 3.
3.5 : Really knowledgable! Great professor, really into writing!
4.5 : Melissa is a delight. I felt I really learned a lot about writing and rhetoric. She will try to challenge you but don't be scared because she will make the time to help you out along the way. Absolutely recommend.
4.5 : Very knowledgeable and obviously passionate about music. The lectures were clear and interesting and the tests were based on information we were taught during class. Assignments are outstandingly easy.
3.5 : Really tries to relate material to students. Doesn't take attendance, but assignments and tests are very easy if you go to class and tough if you don't. Never responded to me the two times I tried to email him during the semester, but was willing to talk after class.
4.0 : This class was really entertaining. Show up to class, it'll help you on your tests. Assignments are easy. He is really clear on what he asks.  Only downer is the required text and CDs are expensive.
5.0 : He's a great professor. His class isn't easy, the tests are challenging and it's hard to get your grade up because there's only 3 assignments the whole semester plus 4 tests, but he's a good instructor. Funny, relatable. Don't miss class, he doesn't put slides online
5.0 : I thoroughly enjoyed this class and Dr. Hodges. He genuinely cares about all of his students and does an amazing job at explaining.
3.0 : he's an okay dude. I took IB music in high school so the class wasnt difficult for me but he makes bad study guides to were hardly any of the info he gives us is on the test. He thinks hes funny and sometimes can make us giggle but basically focuses only on the content. Overall, class is easy but kind of boring (bc i hate music history)
3.0 : Dr. Hodges is a pretty good professor. He really knows what he is talking about and wants you to learn. He doesn't put his lectures on line so going to class in important if you want to get a good grade on the tests.  This class was taught as if all students have some understanding of music so if you don't it'll be harder for you.
1.0 : His lectures suck, he has like 3 or 4 slides for the whole hour and just talks the rest of the time. He's really boring and it's hard to pay attention, and he's really boring too. Tests are easy if you do the study guide before, and concert reports are easy. Only grades you on 4 tests (drops lowest one) and 3 concert reports. Class is so boring
5.0 : He's a great professor, I really enjoyed his class. You definitely need to know going into it that you are never going to learn music, only the history of music, but if you're up for that, his class is a great one to take. He doesn't attempt to know you at all, talking to him/asking for help is near impossible, but he responds to emails quickly.
4.5 : Bennett is a great professor who cares about her students. Personable &amp; happy to clarify when students ask questions without making them feel inadequate. Can be a tough grader; read the material &amp; you'll be fine. Overall, she wants students to learn &amp; be successful; she provides valuable feedback &amp; brings out the best.
4.0 : Michelle is a great teacher; she listens and wants her students to be successful. There is a fair amount of reading and her tests can be tough, but if you read the material and go to class, you'll be fine.
4.0 : Michelle is an awesome instructor that really cares about her students. She is big on theory, reading and group projects and attendanceparticipation are a big part of grades.  But she is also very flexible, fun (funny) and friendly and will help you with all things BSU.  She is a great source of knowledge no matter what you need help with!
4.5 : Michelle is an incredible teacher; very approachable &amp; intelligent. Her tests are hard, but if you read the book, you be fine.
5.0 : Michelle is wonderful! She is really easy going, cares about what she is teaching, allows you to open up your views on things an absolute pleasure!! Had her night class all the way out at CWI and actually enjoyed making the trip out to see her
5.0 : AMAZING instructor!!! He was super helpful and went out of his way to make sure you understood the material. I just wish he hadn't got fired halfway through the semester, I probably would have gotten an A.
4.0 : Izaskun is great! I disagree with how some people say her lisp is super strong, cause it's not that bad. The whole class is spoken ONLY in Spanish, which was tough at first, but you start to get accustomed and it helps you improve your own Spanish. She definitely will make you work a little, but if you do everything you're supposed to, you'll pass.
5.0 : I thought Izaskun was an amazing teacher. The grammar class is tough because there is a lot of advanced material to work on but she does a really good job of presenting the material. So far this has been my highest Spanish class grade in college. I would highly recommend taking Spanish from her. You will learn a lot.
5.0 : She is such a good teacher! She is tough and gives a lot of homework, but you will be just fine. The tests aren't so bad. This class isn't iM possible but it isn't easy by any means. She is super clear and really helps you to learn and remember very difficult grammar with all of her trucos. She's a great teacher and you will learn a lot and improve
5.0 : Izaskun is a great teacher. She really cares about her students and loves teaching. However, she makes you work for what you get. The class isn't too hard, but it's not super easy either.
4.5 : The class is a lot of work if you don't have any IT background. The class is fast paced. The homework will set you up to do well on the exams. The class project and homework plus extra credits will help pad your grade. If you don't get full points on the HW and EC then you don't deserve to be in college. He will go out of his way to meet with you.
4.5 : Dude is awesome! The lectures are kind of boring, but he is really helpful and extremely funny in person. Great teacher and a great class. The exams are not too difficult as long as you read the book! The group project was rough, but he was very helpful.
5.0 : Took this course back in the '90s, but I'm still using the knowledge from the course today.  I'm glad I took this course.
5.0 : Course was well-planned. Instructors were kind with good feedback. Loved it!
3.0 : Joe is well Joe, his is eccentric but very nice and helpful.  Joe curves the class at the end, wants you to try hard in programming and will adjust grades even if you have a harsh student grader like I did.  Overall if you submit your work and try you will pass, whether or not you have amazing C++ programs or not.  I say take him and be happy!
5.0 : Joe is the best professor in the engineering department at BSU. I've had him for multiple ME courses, and he continues to be my favorite professors. Joe is hilarious, wants his students to succeed, has tough exams but you'll learn a ton from his courses. Take as many classes as you can with him, he is a great guy!
5.0 : Joe Guarino is a unique professor. He is by far the best dressed faculty. (Always sporting overalls) He knows his material very well and will take extra time to make sure the students understand the content of the class. Listen closely in his lectures for entertaining topics that will make you laugh. I would enjoy taking all of my classes from him.
4.5 : Dan is one of my favorite professors, I wish he taught more undergrad classes. He actually cares about his students and even does weekend review sessions before the test. His tests are hard but doable if you keep up with the homework and in class problems.
3.0 : One of the best prof. at BSU. This class is a MAJOR time committment in order to do well, BUT, Dan provides numerous resources for you to exceed, just gotta put forth the effort. Take home exams take FOREVER and he isn't fond of giving out answers but he makes you think. He cares about students and even hosts review sessions on Sundays. top notch.
5.0 : Dan is one of the most amazing accounting professors in BSU, he is willing to help you at any time, he do exam reviews which are very helpful. His lectures are good, however you have to read the book and do the homework. Ask him if you have questions, don't be afraid.
4.0 : I just finished taking 304 with Dan, and it was the most informative class I have taken.  Grades are mostly based on the tests, and they are challenging.  He won't give you straight answers, but will 'guide' you to figuring them out on your own. Do ALL the homework, read the book, and DO NOT skip class! He is a really great teacher though.
5.0 : Mark Cowan is a Boss! If you are in the MSA program at BSU, you would be crazy not to take this class from Cowan. He is the best teacher I have ever had. His tests are long, though they are take home. If you don't go to class, you will be dead in the water come test time. Last thought, I hate tax, but I loved his tax class.
5.0 : Mark is one of the best professors at BSU.  He has the ability to make a complex tax issue simple.  Make sure to attend every class and take good notes. His questions on tests always have something to do with the Simpsons.
5.0 : Great Professor!!!
5.0 : nice professor
4.0 : Such an engaging professor! He has over 20 years of experience as an attorney and his stories are awesome! His lectures are not only relevant to the text book but he is able to help solidify the information with real world experience. At first he seems strict but as you get to know him his personality comes out an he is great! High recommend!
5.0 : Great professor, truly wants his students to learn. tests are difficult and long. but if you do the reading, go to class youll be ok. uses real examples that make concepts easy
4.5 : Takes difficult concepts and makes them easy. Clear understanding of expectations. He'll help you succeed, and will work with you until you feel confident in the material.
4.5 : Peter knew what he was talking about and held very engaging lectures.
5.0 : Eldon is an awesome teacher. One of the best I've had. Makes material super interesting and is very knowledgeable about history. If you take any one else for Hist101 you are making a mistake.
5.0 : Gail is the best professor at BSU in my opinion. Her classes are incredibly interesting and essential for anyone interested in politics of language and/or teaching. She will present incredible ideas in an accessible way and it will change your way of thinking. Do not hesitate to take her courses.
5.0 : I had no idea what to expect from this class, but I came out of it learning so much more about language and its importance than I ever thought I would. Gail has so much passion for teaching this subject and she really cares about her students. She has made me much more interested in Linguistics and I will take more classes from her. Simply amazing.
5.0 : Professor Allan was really helpful in this class! She gave excellent feedback and helped us really understand what it was that she wanted us to take from the class. I would totally take this class again. Just make sure you show up for class, participate and you'll do well in her class
4.0 : Lauren is a wonderful professor, She really cares about her students and takes the extra step to make sure you pass. Reading is important in the class and quizzes are graded hard but she really is flexible when grading essays. If you have any questions she is happy to help and gives great advice. Just pay attention to the schedule &amp; you'll do great
5.0 : great professor!!
5.0 : Lauren Allan is a very engaging professor and allows you to express your actual thoughts in the class as well as in your work. Feedback on essays is also very helpful. Would recommend to anyone.
2.5 : Long writing assignments for a 102 class. She doesn't follow the curriculum that other classes do, so it is hard to get help from friends. She is a good person, not the greatest teacher. Her mind wanders sometimes and she makes you read and print long articles or essays. There is no textbook, but the reading and quizzes are not fun at all.
4.5 : She is amazing! Make sure you do the reading and you'll be fine!
3.5 : Make sure you make the due dates and show that you are putting effort in and it's and easy A!
4.5 : Lauren Allan is an awesome teacher and I loved the class. I hope to take a class from her in the future. I learned so much from her which was exactly what I needed. I had no idea what was expected of me as far as writing papers as a college student and that terrified me. She helped guide me through that process and I thank her for that.
4.5 : When I was coming to learn at BSU for my freshman year, I was scared for the transition. However, she truly made it fun and easy and I would definitely take her class again if I were a freshman.
5.0 : Really great teacher. Super funny and entertaining.  You can only miss class twice so anything after that, you won't pass. Only 3 major projects but she gives great feed back and gives you the chance to redo assignment for full credit! It is safe to say that this class is really hard to fail.
5.0 : THE BEST!!!
5.0 : Great teacher who loves what she does. Highly recommend this class my dudes.
4.0 : This was my first college English class in college and let me tell you, it was a good one! This teacher is super nice and really does care about how well you do in her class! I would suggest this teacher for first year students who need to take English 101!
5.0 : Easily the best English professor/teacher I've ever had. Lauren is funny, relatable, and gives great feedback because she truly wants everyone in her class to become a better writer. The readings are a little boring but her class is great otherwise.
5.0 : Professor Scott is an excellent english teacher. Easy on grading and he goes through each essay with you in a private conference before and after you've turned in the project! Definitely recommend taking his class.
5.0 : Class is very easy. He has used the full hour and 15 minutes maybe once the whole semester. Classes range from 30 to 45 minutes. He does take attendance. Do all the work and you will pass, not too difficult. He understands it is a pre requisite. Hilarious as well.
5.0 : Easiest english class of my life. 3 essays and a podcast. Has really creative topics for each essay, so that made it more fun. Attendance is mandatory. Easy A, as long as you do the work, but for that same reason being in class was SUPER boring. Spent most of our time going over run on sentences, and comma splices; really dull stuff.
4.0 : The mom laid back teacher I have ever had. He is an easy grader and will tell you exactly what he is looking for. His classes don't take long and you will usually end up getting out early as well. Only downside is the class can be boring to sit through. He is a really nice guy though and it is for sure and easy A.
5.0 : Best professor/teacher I have had. Very clear about what he wants and actually cares about you and will conform to your needs.
5.0 : He made English 101 very easy to get through! If you have the opportunity to, take his course! It's easy, he has interesting essay topics, and if you miss a class it is not the end of the world. He is also very sweet and is always willing to read your paper and give good feedback!
5.0 : easy class, he doesn't grade that hard. He explains things thoroughly, if he taught english 102 I would for sure take him again
5.0 : Professor Scott is very friendly and personable. He answers questions well and explains things in depth, and is not too harsh of a grader.
5.0 : Take him if you can!!! I only had one reading assignment from the book, and no followup quiz. Daily assignments directly related to current project (4 of them, and a final)  For not liking English classes, I found that the approach David Scott took made it so I did not dread going to class, still not super excited, but did not dread it.
5.0 : By far the easiest class I have ever taken. David is the most laid back teacher. He tells you at the beginning of the semester that you can only have so many absences until you fail the class but that rule is not enforced. Super easy grader, I do not think it is possible to get less than an A in this class.
4.0 : Scott's class was very simple and straightforward. As long as you participate in class discussions and show up every week to do journal entries, as well as the unit assignments, you'll pass. You get almost an entire month to complete the units and full weeks off from class every fews weeks. He is very quirky and kind! He cares about his students!
3.5 : Tiffany is awesome because she gives a lot of chances for revision. She also has mandatory conferences to talk about your work in the class twice a semester which are great.
5.0 : She will tell you over and over to show up and try. If life happens, well,  she has been there too and will work with you. Her feedback is amazing and her lessons are straight forward. I believe I had more than plenty of time to do all of the homework and more. Extra credit is awarded many times.
3.5 : I loved Professor Hitesman. Easy going yet expects participation and effort. Very clear on expectations. No final but 3 in depth essays. If you don't like to write or research, don't take her. Attendance and participation weighs heavily in final grade. You need help, just ask.
4.5 : Took 7 week summer session, 2 major papers and a portfolio. Everything is very clear, do the work and you should pass with a good grade. Don't skimp on workshopping though, she will hammer you for that.
5.0 : Amazing professor.  Gives amazing feedback and is really good at her job. Actually try to do the work and you will get a good grade.
4.5 : Great Professor! English 101P was an extremely easy class. We only had class on mondays and wednesdays, had to write three papers that were max 4 pages, and still learned things. It's also worth 4 credits!
4.5 : Just do the work and you should pass with a good grade.
5.0 : Osgood is a great teacher and knows a lot about the subject at hand. She gives out quizzes each week on the chapter we read which is then followed by an annotated biography. Here tests and quizzes are pretty straight forward and easy if you read the textbook. Come to class and participate and you will be guaranteed an A.
5.0 : Although I got a B on this class, but I'm pretty sure that you can have an easy A! I missed some classes and that's why I got a B; that means you have to attend for participation points. Two midterms and a comprehensive final which is really easy. Weekly annotationbib&amp;quizzes. She is amazing, helpful and funny!!! all u need to do is study&amp;show up!!
5.0 : Linda is amazing! Seriously one of my best professors I have ever had. Class is interesting and she is very understanding of the college life so gives you plenty of time to complete assignments. If you attend lecture and read the chapters (which aren't long) you will do just fine. I really wish other professors were as awesome as her.
2.5 : She does not grade right away, which is frustrating.  But the class was easy to follow and homework amount was appropriate.
5.0 : I had her for Intro to Health Informatics. She is a very easy teacher and extremely understanding with missing class and making up a quiz later. There is a 5 question quiz about the chapter every other class which are easy if you skim through the chapter. The other assignments are extremely easy.
5.0 : Linda is an absolute doll. She is so sweet &amp; really cares about her students. She had to cancel class several times &amp; ended up putting the 3rd exam plus the final online. She even gave everyone full points on a huge project we didn't do bcuz she felt so bad for having family matters keeping her from teaching! I hope to take another class with her.
5.0 : I love Rand! He is super sweet, funny, and is one of my favorite professors! I loved his teaching method of getting students used to the silence and his lectures were easy to follow. I liked the in class activities as well. I would definitely take this class again!
5.0 : My favorite class I've taken in college. Rand is the best and I loved this class. Class activities are fun and very helpful. If you participate and pay attention to lectures its an easy class.
4.0 : Great guy! Show up to class, it will help with the vocabulary you're supposed to learn. Easy attendance grade, participate, and read what he posts on BB. Also, I would say read the book, he does test material out of there. Quizzes are kind of random but if you stay on top of your work, you'll do great!
4.5 : High expectations the guy is a genius
5.0 : Don't let his dry sense of humor scare you, he cares and is too smart to be at BSU.
5.0 : John is great. For creative photography he is very helpful an clear with instructions. He's extremely laid back and pushes you to think about art more creatively. If you show up to class, ask for suggestions, and try things outside the box you'll pass the class.
5.0 : Dr. Wall is extremely helpful, answers emails and questions quickly, will take time and answer questions in class and knows the material
5.0 : Dr. Wall is an incredible instructor and truly cares about Dr students. BSU is making a very poor decision not keeping her
4.5 : Changed my life.
5.0 : Super great professor! Really enjoyable lectures, and you can tell she is passionate about her work. Going into this class I was still on the fence about what major I would pursue! Let's just say not too long into it, I had officially decided to pursue a degree in social work. Enjoyed going to class every day! Super easy, yet a learned so much! Definitely would take a class from her again.
5.0 : Jeremy is a great professor. I had him for one semester and absolutely soared in his class. If you do the work, you'll succeed. Of course there is going to be a lot of writing, it is an English class after all. But, if you put in your time and ask questions, say hello to your A.
4.5 : Mark had a very high ability to teach the not so interesting world of statistics. My previous instructor was not as talented so this semester was a breath of fresh air. The exams are very detailed, especially the first one. Mark allows a whole page of notes though so by putting in a little extra prep and study time you can ensure a decent grade.
5.0 : Professor Woychick is great! He tests on what he teaches. You should go to every class because there's a group quiz at the end. No homework, optional practice problems assigned in the textbook. No mystatlab at all, YAY! Do the practice problems. He relates stats to his job and makes class kinda interesting with kahoot games/NFL/real world examples.
5.0 : A tough subject and the class is tough since he does not do extra credit.  All points are off tests and quizzes, but he does a GREAT job of preparing you for the tests.  Follow what he gives you to study for the test, and you will not be taken by surprise. Also he is a genuine great guy.
5.0 : Great teacher! He teaches from slides/actual examples. Group quiz every class so you have to show up, but they are learning quizzes and helped a lot. His test prep-especially the videos that accompany practice exams-were very helpful! Practically no assigned homework-but enough examples to practice. I enjoyed this class much more than 207!
5.0 : There wasn't any homework. Got points each week the short group assignments given in class and he would answer any questions to help you really get it. His test preps were the best I've ever had. The tests are almost exactly like the practices and he has videos showing how to solve. Also allowed a full page "cheat sheet" for exams.
5.0 : I took Dora's UF 200 5 week summer session class, and although the course was compacted in only a short amount of time, Dora did an excellent job. She grades pretty easy, the class is always interesting (you watch a lot of movies), and the assignments aren't too time consuming. I would definitely recommend taking it with her.
4.0 : Dora was a good teacher in the overall picture. She is extremely spunky and quirky which makes the class fun. At times, she can be a bit ditzy but it's nothing too complain about. She makes the concepts of the class easy and clear and the papers are simple. She understands we're students and wants to help us get better at everything English :)
4.0 : Dr. Ramirez was a great prof. for this class. She's a pretty easy grader and the essays are easy to complete.
4.0 : Easy class, but DR Ramirez is overtly political in a super partizan way. If you don't want her personal politics shoved down your throat repeatedly this course is probably not for you. Only reason I didn't drop was because it was required and easy.
5.0 : AJ was a fantastic teacher! He is always willing to help you even if it has nothing to do with his class. He is very passionate about education. If you don't understand something he will clarify until you do. I learned a ton from him. Best class I have had at BSU. No exams either, projects instead. LOVED this class.
4.0 : He is a very passionate teacher who cares a lot about his students. I learned a lot from him that will stick with me for the rest of my teaching career. I would recommend this professor to everyone, but be prepared to work hard and enjoy yourself.
5.0 : He has a very clear rubric, but keep in mind it's 18 pages; he's not the easiest. Very caring and great at leading class discussions and lectures. Overall definitely one of my best professors.
5.0 : prepare for a lot of reading, gives great background on history of education and current happenings in the field. AJ is willing to work with you, but you have to communicate!!! (discussion based class)
3.5 : AJ is a great professor who expects a lot from students. There is a LOT of reading in this class in the beginning, but it gets less towards the end. There are no tests in the course, but there are numerous papers and one big group project. AJ brought in his own experience in the classroom to this course which made it really meaningful.
5.0 : I loved AJ's class! AJ goes out of his way to connect with every one of his students! The workload isn't crazy; can get away with skimming but the reads are good, so it's not a drag! He brought in his dogs a couple times and they're SO cute! Attendance &amp; being late is noted, it's part of your grade, classes are engaging so you'll want to be there!
4.0 : I enjoyed AJ this semester! Expect many group discussions and to give evidence to prove your thinking. He sometimes is get scattered around while lecturing but he tries to keep everything on topic. There are a few group projects that we do, which I very much enjoy. The first part of the semester is never ending reading but it dies down.
3.0 : He's a nice guy, attractive too. No tests, but two unexcused absences will get you an F in the class. 100+ pages of reading a night. His favorite thing is problematization, so make sure to be ready to argue for your perspective. If you want to spark a real debate, say that you want to help kids achieve their dreams.
4.0 : I love Michal as a prof, but sometimes she does go off topic and is sometimes un-organized. This is the only part of the class that I don't enjoy, but she makes her group discussions easy and always makes sure no one is left out. Missing class would be ok but to learn you need to go.
5.0 : Michal is an incredibly understanding and friendly professor. I'm currently taking her Honors 198 class, and so far, she's pushed off papers to 3 weeks after the deadline so that we're not all stressed around midterms, gone above and beyond helping us adjust, and her personality is so infectious it's hard not to love her. 5/5
3.0 : I like her as a person but not as an instructor. Her class was way over my head and a total un-organized disaster. We had 3 project due the the week of finals that was assigned the week before because she couldn't get her act together. She grades insanely hard and expects you to be a linguist, which I am not.
4.0 : Pat's lectures are great, they're really more discussions. He teaches in a student-driven way, talking about what students want to learn.
4.5 : Class was straightforward: discussion posts, replies, one or two quizzes a week, and a writing project every other week or so. There is a lot of points in this course (a little under 2000). While it's not hard to get an easy A, the quizzes are worded weird sometimes and the textbook is arduous at times, which make answering the questions harder.
4.0 : This class was an easy A for me, as long as you turn in all the assignments. The quizzes are more difficult towards the end of the semester but there are so many of them you can afford to fail a few and it wont influence your grade. The writing assignments are easy, just do your work.
4.0 : This is definitely the best online class I have taken! He is a fairly quick grader and is very clear as to what he wants and expects. There are no tests, only weekly quizzes along with writing assignments. I loved this class and this professor!
5.0 : Jeremy was a great instructor for this online class. There is a lot of reading but manageable. Quizzes are not difficult, and you will be writing every week. 3 large projects but not too hard. Great grading. He is very clear and organized.
4.0 : Discussion Board, and replies or essay every week and one to two quizzes every week.  Not timed, but the questions are worded in a weird way so sometimes the answer is not clear.
2.0 : I've heard taking his class at BSU, and not online is easier. The tests that he gives you weekly are absolutely ridiculous, poorly worded, and not indicative of the material presented. The actual work (class discussions, papers) are graded fairly, but the tests will kill you. AVOID.   If I had the option, I'd take this class from someone else.
3.0 : Jeremy's class was straightforward: Read the book, take an open book quiz, read some more, then post a Discussion Board or Writing Assignment.  It was an easier A, but the quizzes were overrated. Straight out of the book; difficult because the chapters were long and the questions were wordy. Heard it was better to take in person! NO Final!
5.0 : It is a good class with a lot of great information.  I agree with most the opinions about the tests, but this issue can easily be made up with good discussion and writing assignments.  It is not a class created for failure, an A is doable so long as you stay on top of what is due.  I received a 98% with average test scores &amp; turning in assignments.
3.0 : The professor does give some feedback on assignments but not all the time. He tends to be slow with responding to emails when you have questions and concerns which can be frustrating but he does get back to you. The class is a lot of reading, tests, writing exercises, and discussion posts. It can be hard if you don't read. No midterm or final exams
4.5 : Jan is such a sweet lady! I am so glad that I had her for my professor! She obviously cares about her students and wants them to succeed. She gave helpful feedback to improve papers. Extended annotations really suck, but they are actually helpful in later papers. I would definitively take another one of her classes if I could!
5.0 : Jan was one of the best English teachers I have ever had, she is very patient with you and will help you work through struggles. She actually made English fun and improved my confidence in writing the whole time.
5.0 : Jan was amazing, she is always there to help you. She does one on one meeting with you to talk about your papers. It's an easy class if you pay attention and do your work. She get grades back to you quickly, gives very helpful feedback, and she replies to email within 24 hours. I would suggest everyone take English through Jan.
5.0 : Best English teacher. Easy a class
5.0 : Jan is awesome! She is a good English professor and she gives great feedback. She is also very accessible outside of class, especially via email.
5.0 : Jan is the best, sad that all of the slots filled up for engl 102 before I could take her again
5.0 : Jan Roser is the most caring professor I have ever met. There is only one large paper throughout the semester and you spend quite a long time on it but she wants to make sure you completely understand material before you move on. There is a lot of group work and discussion which got kind of old but it was also very helpful. GREAT PROFESSOR!!
5.0 : Jan has been without doubt THE BEST English teacher that I have ever had: so caring and thoughtful, and a great instructor. She would always take a few minutes at the beginning of class to check in with everyone and see how life was going. Great feedback, always responded promptly and thoroughly to emails, and was super understanding. Easy A!
4.5 : Jan is a fabulous teacher. She truly cares about everybody in the class. Works hard to learn names and goes around before the class to see how everyone is doing. If you want to be pushed in Research and writing, take her. Always willing to help if you just ask. Love the 1 on 1 meetings. Highly Recommend!
5.0 : Get into her class before it fills - you won't regret it. She makes college English manageable.
5.0 : Jan is the absolute best. She genuinely cares about every one of her students ! 10/10 recommend .
5.0 : Jan is a really passionate, motivated professor. She makes it abundantly clear that she wants each student to succeed and will go out of her way to make sure everyone understands the material. She gives a lot of feedback, some of it very critical, but it's always well thought out and fair.
5.0 : She is simply amazing. She knows her stuff and she really takes the time to get to know her students.
5.0 : Phil Kelly is a great guy. If you need help with your paper he is extremely willing. He tells you what is going to be on the test so pay attention and you should be fine.
5.0 : You will find out if you really want to be a teacher in this class.
5.0 : Russ is awesome, just go to class since its basically % of your grade, very clear and knows what he is talking about. I would defiantly take another class form him. Good HR professor so far
5.0 : Awesome professor.  His class is a blast, you learn a ton, and he has great real-world experience.  I really enjoyed this class, I wish he taught other HR classes. Take him if you can!
5.0 : He's a great guy and great professor.  Lectures were always interesting and engaging.  He will go above and beyond to make sure you understand.
4.5 : Lectures are interesting and full of real-world scenarios and stories. He doesn't use PowerPoint at all and he encourages students to engage in the discussion. Very little homework but make sure you show up because attendance is taken and the tests (which are take home) are based mostly on lecture material rather than book answers.
4.0 : Russ has a very dry sense of humor, which makes the class better in my opinion. If you get offended easy do not take him. Tests are all open book and open note.
2.0 : The lectures are slow and hard to sit through because not much information is covered.  However, this class was very easy; if you show up, you will pass!  Tests are open book/note.
4.0 : Be ready to study from Thermo textbook and work on yourself. Do so many problems to understand the material.  Then, you will get A. Study hard and follow him. Fair exams and quizzes. The best Dr I had in ME department.
5.0 : I took parallel computing from Dr. Senocak and it was one of the most enlightening courses I have ever taken, he is patient and will have high expectations. He does everything in his power to get you up to speed and beyond. Strongly recommended!!!!!
5.0 : Senocak is one of the best lecturers in the entire College. His tests are "tough", but when was Thermo supposed to be easy? I took it twice. First time, didn't show up half the time, 50% on quizzes, skipped the final. Next time- I never missed a class, asked questions, worked extra problems- a lot!&amp;got an A. That took 3 hours HW1 hr lecture, minim
5.0 : He's awesome!! Fun to be in his class. Simple instructions of what to do and read. Tests are not too difficult if you follow the study guide. Classroom participation is fun. I learned a lot. One of my easiest classes!
4.5 : Dr. Bell is very engaging and very, very fair in his grading. He loves his students and, in turn, students love him.
5.0 : Worth taking a night class for! Class is made interesting by discussing it instead of preaching it, especially because could go off topic as long as it was constructive.
5.0 : Dr. Bell is an amazing professor! For PSYC 101 you will to weekly presentations over a certain section in the book. There is no HW except his weekly quizzes. All the preparation for the very informal presentations is done in class. There is NO extra credit so make sure you go to all classes. A HUGE portion of the grade is based off of attendance.
4.0 : A lot of his class is taught by group work, which isn't my favorite, but he is amazing. He makes everything that he says so meaningful because he really wants you to understand and wants you to find your own meaning in everything you learn. He will make sure that you succeed. Not my favorite teaching style but definitely a favorite teacher.
5.0 : Professor Bell is an excellent professor. His exams, quizzes, and projects are straight forward. Easy A if you show up. No homework besides open book weekly quiz online. Must take.
5.0 : Dr. Bell is down to earth, and easy to understand.  Very student involved classes, show up, do the reading and quizzes and you shouldn't have an issue passing.
5.0 : He has a lot of group activities. Do not worry it is super easy. He has hour long quizzes each week that you can find the answers in the book really easily. He is fun and caring. He gives you the exact test to study from. I got a 49 out of 50 very easily and I absolutely suck at tests. Attendance is 100% mandatory.
5.0 : Amazing
5.0 : Shows respect to all students and receives that respect back. Dr. Bell is really concerned with "ah-ha" moments in the class that will change your personal life. You will present material in front of class almost every day, but in a comfortable, safe environment. If you show up, you will pass undoubtedly with a B or A. A real stand up guy.
5.0 : We had small presentations almost every class, but don't worry it's super easy even if you're nervous in front of crowds. He doesn't even grade them. I felt very comfortable with everyone in the class (60 people). We have 1 presentation and 2 tests. SHOW UP TO CLASS OR YOU WILL FAIL. The class is only one day a week. At least it was for me.
4.5 : Dr. Bell is super cool and really wants his students to do well. He is a big fan of extra credit.
5.0 : He is easily in my top three best professors of all time. He is one of the few individuals that get into teaching to inspire, and because they truly love it. He takes the time to learn everyone's names (Class of 60 people). He's very comical, keeps things engaging, and requires participation. I would recommend getting the book. Wonderful professor!
5.0 : Chris is really passionate about what he does. He explains everything thouroughly and is always willing to help.
4.0 : I had him for ENGL301 and 481 and at the beginning of the semester I felt super lost and confused most of the time, but what Jim is doing is giving you small pieces of a puzzle that will come together as a great picture at the end of the semester. Turn in your work on time with any amount of effort and you'll easily pass with an A.
5.0 : Mollie Ficek is the most amazing English professor that I have ever had. She loves what she teaches and it really shows. She is very nice and has a great sense of humor. She is also very helpful when it comes to things that you don't understand. She really cares about her students and helping them learn. I would recommend her to anyone!
4.5 : If you've taken another spanish class at BSU, this course isn't much different. Kim Harris is a very knowledgable and organized professor. Don't buy the textbook, the online homework you have to buy comes with an Etext copy. Pay attention and participate and you'll pass no problem.
3.5 : Kathy really knows her stuff. This was the first semester she had taught 206 for a few years, so it was a little rough at times (and confusing). Tests are pretty tough, lots of concepts on the first and last tests. Come to class, pay attention, read the book, and you should get a good grade.
2.5 : 3 tests make up the bulk of your grade. They are EXACTLY like the practice exams (just different numbers) I literally rewrote the practice exam over and over and got an A on all of them. For homework, you get half credit for completing it before class, and half for doing corrections in class. Gives easy participationquiz points in class.
5.0 : Attendance is mandatory because you will have quizzes every beginning of the class. There will be reading homework online every week and lab project most likely every week. It seems a lot but it will help you to understand the class and pass the class easily. Kathy cares about her students a lot and want them to succeed. You will also have TAs.
4.0 : Was really worried the first few weeks of class this was going to be a hard and overwhelming class but once you get the hang of things it isn't bad at all! There are a total of 5 tests but she provides you with previous tests to study from and lots of other resources that are extremely helpful in knowing exactly what to study for the tests.
5.0 : good teacher show up to class and do the homework and the test will be easy. plus she gives out practice exam questions with solutions that are identical to the tests.
4.5 : I struggled with ACCT205 and was expecting to go into this class and have a super tough time. Kathy made this class easy to understand and follow.  She gives practice exams that are similar to the exams so as long as you study and review those you should do well on the tests!! I loved this class and was actually able to understand what was going on
4.0 : Kathy rocks! Although her classes are W/F in the morning, I would recommend taking her over a night class. She truly cares about her students and hand grades all of our tests. She is always fairly quick to reply to my emails, and wants you to succeed in her class. Her tests can be difficult, but as long as you do the work, you will do great!!
5.0 : Kathy is a wonderful teacher. She makes sure you understand the material and gives you plenty of opportunities to improve your grade. The tests are extremely hard so you do need to put the work in to get a good grade. Wish she taught more upper division classes because I would take all my accounting classes from her if I could.
5.0 : One of the best teachers at BSU. Fantastic class setup. Show up to class, do your homework(there's a lot). The tests are kind of tricky if you don't practice doing problems. Save yourself a lot of time and stress and take this class from Kathy. You definitely won't regret it.
5.0 : I love Kathy. She's not going to make it easy, but she is going to make you learn. She really cares about the students, and you'll leave the class with a solid understanding of accounting. She is tough, she will make you work, but she's also one of the best profs I've had. Take Kathy if you actually want to learn. Don't if you plan to slack off.
4.0 : Kathy cares about her students performing well and goes above and beyond to help them succeed. The exams are very similar to practice exams and problems in the textbook. If you listen to her advice you should be able to get an A. Her assistant Regan was a really helpful resource and also a total hottie. Befriend you TA it'll help alot.
5.0 : Kathy is a great professor! If you're going to take managerial accounting, take it with her! She's fair, kind, and if you do the work, you're guaranteed to pass. Take her class, you won't regret it!
5.0 : Amazing teacher, she helps you if you help yourself. She is very fair. She is hands down the best teacher I've had at Boise State. I took her for accounting 206, and am taking her for accounting 314 in the summer. Take accounting classes from her.
5.0 : Best Professor ever. easy A
5.0 : Kathy genuinely cares about the success of her students. She will provide you with the resources you need to understand the concepts and pass including the TA's she has available to you and their wide range of tutoring hours. She has an acceptable amount of homework assigned, which is the core of her lectures and the exams. Do them.
4.5 : This professor was fun and energetic. She was very helpful and did not make you feel stupid for asking questions.
4.5 : She's the best Acct 206 teacher. Do your homework, attend all of the labs, and study for the exam and you'll easily pass. Her test reviews are what usually will appear on the exam, so study hard on those. Very approachable and helpful and takes extra time to help her students understand the material. Very organized and understandable.
5.0 : I didn't learn anything in Acct 205, so I was pretty concerned about Acct 206. Kathy's lectures are mandatory and she lectures for most of the class time. You do "labs" once a week which apply the lectures to the real world. This class is not easy by any means, but you will learn lots. I had to try but learned so much. Highly recommended professor.
3.0 : You get the annoying learnsmart assignments almost every class, they can take like 10-20 minutes. Starts each day out with 3-5 question quiz on what we read on learnsmart. Other than that she lectures like a normal class. You have a lab about every other week, pretty easy. Best part is she puts up example exams, just study those and get an A or B
5.0 : Kathy is amazing. She really cares that you know and understand the material. She is very clear on her expectations and it's very easy to get an A if you put in the effort. This is the first textbook I have ever read from front to back in my college career. You need it! You don't need to go to pass, except on HW and lab days. WOULD RECOMMEND!
4.5 : Kathy is great. Her lectures are straight to the point, helpful, easy to understand. The only thing is she assigns a lot of little homework tasks (5 points each) that add up. Can get a bit frustrating to do them twice a week. Other than that, she is great and you actually learn things from her.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors! She was really enthusiastic and made it fun! Make sure to stay on top of assignments because there is usually 2 or 3 due every class. There is a lot of work in the class but she gives you plenty of resources to get help on assignments. Just do the homework assignments and go to class and you will pass exams.
4.5 : She is amazingly hot and hilarious. She helps if you ask for it, but be ready for bold truth. No exams just a couple of quizzes over material. Easy A if you apply yourself. She does give a doubly whammy at the end of the semester. You will have to term papers. One research and a reflection, but you know well in advance as it is on your syllabus.
5.0 : Hybrid course. Makenzie was a great instructor. Clear and very helpful. She went over the top to explain and help students succeed. She made the online part as non-frustrating as she could. Gave extra credit. Funny. Dry humor is well received. Loves her doggie. Quick to respond to emails. I would take another class from her again in a heartbeat.
1.5 : Took online. Painful how she has 2 due dates per module.  Speaks down to students in online video lecture.
3.0 : This class' content was great but the prof wasn't the best. She is young and easy to relate to, however, she will grade you harshly without much explanation. If you take this class, and I suggest to only take it if you have to, be prepared to scour every detail and nook and cranny of the class, because you'll need to if you want anything above a B.
5.0 : Mollie Ficek is the most amazing Professor I have ever had! Her teaching skills are wonderful and she loves what she teaches. She helps you with anything you need and explains things very thoroughly. She is also very kind and has a great sense of humor. I would recommend her to everyone!
5.0 : Spend the entire semester working on one field of inquiry for research.
5.0 : Mollie was one of the best professors I've ever had!   I'm a science major so naturally English isn't my favorite thing however she made me enjoy this class!   You get to pick something you wanna learn more about and she's there to guide you along the way.  Made me appreciate research more and writing papers in general.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable  with real-world finance.  Want's students to succeed, but doesn't "dumb-down" material.
5.0 : Best professor in the nursing department
3.5 : I liked his lecture style, but not so much how he singles out students. Honestly, watch the captures, take notes,  and you don't really have to go to class. His tests aren't too bad, but you have to study the tiniest details as he will test on something very specific. The amount of tests is ridiculous, but it's manageable.
5.0 : He was able to take information and make it exciting. I loved his classes and have not ever had a teacher take up 3 hours of my life and keep me interested in the subject matter. I wish he taught all my classes!!!
5.0 : Dr. Danny is amazing! I took Koob and almost failed and took Danny's class and got an A. He is really helpful and actually cares about the success of his students. He makes lectures fun and interesting. I loved this class and would recommend everyone to take it from Danny!
2.0 : He's a decent professor teaching difficult content. But he does make mistakes. He's openly hostile towards anyone that points them out. I watched him bring a girl to tears when she had proof of him calculating her grade inaccurately. Suffice to say, he freaked out and handled the situation very poorly. He's one big ego with arms &amp; legs sticking out
2.0 : I don't understand why everyone likes Dr. Danny more than Koob. Koob gives way more resources to her students power points, notes, recorded lectures, practice questions you name it &amp; Dr. Danny shares with you the power points he rushed through in lecture.  There is so much information on his power points that it is unclear what is important.
3.5 : I had Danny for both BIO 227 &amp; 228. He is super funny and can be super helpful. Bottom line is that it's a very hard class with a lot of material in a short amount of time. But if you study hard the class is definitely passable. He gives out extra credit a lot during lecture so make sure to attend every class!
5.0 : This is a tough subject but Dr. D was very knowledgeable and helpful.  Probably one of the best teachers I've had so far.  Actually learned about the subject instead of just short term memory practice for the tests.
5.0 : Dr. Ebert saved my semester. He is one of the most kind professors I've had the pleasure of studying under. I would highly recommend for anyone having to take 227228. As for hotness, he once said he wanted a pepper by his name so I figured I would contribute to this goal!
4.0 : Ebert is a great teacher! Although Anatomy and Physiology is a tough subject to learn, he tries to make it easier on you. He offers a bunch of extra credit and will answer any question you have. He offers tutoring before class and does a review before every test. He is defiantly a professor that you want to take!
5.0 : Dr. D is an amazing professor. Human A &amp; P is a tough subject and he makes the best out of it. Disregard the last two postings. Those students are more than likely lying.  I took him for a year straight and he has been amazing. You need to study what he tells you. The class before the exam day he will talk about all the things you should review.
5.0 : Dr. Danny is the best professor! He saved my life!!! I am a psych major so this class was really hard for me. He gives a lot of extra credit and wants to see everyone pass. He is very helpful in letting you know what will be on the exam. He is also hilarious! The sweetest guy ever!
4.0 : Danny is a good teacher, he is a teach who wants all to pass. You have to work for your grade, but with my major you should have too. Why would you want a nurse working with you who slid passed her class with an A and didn't know or remember anything? He makes sure you are ready and know what you need to know. He doesn't try and trick you.
4.5 : The guy is hilarious and there for you as the student. My effort in the class was represented evenly with my grade. His tests can be difficult, especially with true or false questions so I recommend taking plenty of practice quizzes before hand. The best professor i've had in terms of fairness to his students.
4.0 : This class is really difficult but an A is totally achievable if you put in the hours outside class before each lecture and read the text ahead of time.  Dr. Ebert is hilarious and very accessible for being an adjunct.  He offered tutoring for an hour each day before lecture.  Several extra credit options and a pretty generous curve on most exams.
5.0 : Took This class over the summer. It goes VERY fast, and it is pretty challenging stuff. Ebert teaches in a very clear and concise manner, and it is never a mystery what will be on the test (this does not mean the tests are easy). If you show up every day, pay attention, and study dilligently you should have no problem walking out with an A.
5.0 : Summer session. Dr. D is a great teacher. He is very fair.  Generally, in order to get above a 92-94 on a test, you must read the chapters from the book. Otherwise, he does not test students over anything that he does not lecture about in class. If he makes a mistake on a test or you challenge an answer effectively, he will give you the points.
5.0 : One of the best teacher, but be ready for the tests, the tests are hard and you need to read the book and the notes make sure attend to his review sessions.
5.0 : Took this class over the summer.  There is a lot of material to learn in a short time, so you cannot slack.  Dr. D teaches in a very clear manner, and you have nobody to blame but yourself when you don't know the answer to a question. The tests can be tough, but they are fair. Taking this class over the summer with Dr. D is the way to go.
5.0 : Dr. Danny is so hilarious and literally such a joy to have as a professor. This is my second time taking BIO 227 and I can tell you that he is a much better professor in so many ways. You still need to study, do your homework, and you don't want to miss lectures because he explains a lot of stuff in class, but he is very fair .
4.0 : Dr. D is a nice guy, but really rushes through class/powerpoints, so if you wanna write everything down, forget about it. very smart, tells some funny stories, but class its-self is extremely challenging, tons of homework/reading,  2 chapters a week at least. Two exams during testing. One for lecture, 1 for lab. Id suggest showing up to class.
5.0 : Dr. Danny is so nice!! BIO 227 isn't an easy class but he is really helpful and is willing to explain things in depth if you don't understand.
5.0 : Danny is the best A&amp;P teacher there is! I took Koob and barley passed. He comes early before every class to help students out so they can get a better understanding and grade. Beyond the best teacher I have ever had.
4.0 : Really good professor. Makes learning the material easy. I took this class off campus and it was fine.
5.0 : Great teacher and offers a lot of extra credit and always willing to help. The class is extremely hard but he is the best teacher to take it with.
4.5 : Dr D is the best at teaching this nearly impossible to pass class. He wants everyone to succeed and offers extra credit. If you show up for class and attend lab you can pass this class. He shows up early to do study group with students and answers any questions students have.
3.0 : She is very funny and energetic. She loves class participation and her tests are from her lectures and can be tough if you dont take good notes. But overall a good teacher if you just pay attention in class and  take good notes
5.0 : Ginny is an amazing professor! Her class is definitely one of the hardest ones I've ever taken, but hard work pays off. Study hard (there's only 3 tests), don't forget to take the weekly quizzes, and show up to class!
4.0 : She is one of the smartest teachers you will have. She has a ton of first hand experience and is very knowledgeable. Although I appreciate her toughness, she lacks empathy for her students having other courses and responsibilities. Be prepared, do the work, and be ready to put her class above your others.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors. You've can tell she's passionate about what she teaches. Make sure you participate in class, she will call on you if you don't. I took her intensive month long death penalty class. There was a lot of reading because a semester is done in one month, but as long as you read you should do fine on the quizzes.
5.0 : This class wasn't too bad.  The tests he wrote were easy (even a take home we had) and you have to do an essay quiz for a book called The Goal, which actually isn't too bad of a read.  There were also quizzes every class (I had class one night a week).  His lectures were a little dry sometimes, but he has a great sense of humor and is super nice.
4.0 : This class was easy IF YOU SHOWED UP! He is a great professor!
3.0 : Elizabeth is sweet as can be. Helpful &amp; supportive, you will get good and consistent feedback. However, the assignment loadexpectation is beyond ridiculous. It's mostly tedious, unnecessary work that detracts from the overall research and focus of the course. Feels as if I'm in a grade school english class rather than a college one.
5.0 : Barnes is awesome. So helpful and supportive, she gives really great feedback that is so individual to you. Stay on top of the coursework, it's a lot but it's not excessive so long as you stay on task. It's writing class so let's get real: it's gonna be a lot of readingwriting. She is super accommodating to circumstances, so no reason not to pass.
3.0 : She gives really good feedback and is as sweet as can be, but this class is so disorganized. Not very clear grading criteria or syllabus in terms of assignments, she adds work in as she goes and changes due dates all over the place so it's tough to keep track. If you have a tight schedule and need to plan ahead, this class makes it difficult.
5.0 : I absolutely love Elizabeth. She genuinely cares about each student and gives very helpful feedback. I got extremely sick during the semester and had to miss quite a bit of class, but she was more than willing to work with me in order for me to succeed. I highly recommend!
5.0 : Very easy going professor who truly cares about her job and students. She had us design our own grading rubric (within reason) and guided us through the course. Amazing professor!!!
5.0 : Super cool teacher. One of my favorite teachers.
5.0 : Beginning contains a lot of reading &amp; easy short reading responses due like every class. Middle-end consists of 3 (2-3pg) EASY essays &amp; portfolio. Elizabeth is so caring&amp;understanding. I missed 2weeks of school due to personal issues &amp; I talked to her about it &amp; she was totally accommodating. Takes class outide, library, SUB.
5.0 : She is such a sweet woman! She is very easy to reach outside of class and will help you catch up if you miss a class. Theres never a day when there isnt a smile on her face! Her feedback is very useful and truly cares about her students. Nothing but good things to say about Professor Barnes.
4.0 : Easy class
5.0 : Professor Barnes is a caring woman who understands that sometimes life gets tough. She genuinely cares about her students and it is refreshing to meet someone of such kind-heartedness. She responds to emails quickly and provides constructive criticism.
5.0 : Really funny guy who makes lectures entertaining. He treats students more like adults than college students. Very flexible to student needs and even wants.
4.0 : Sonogram Hu is a very intense program, Joie is a great teacher and a tuff grader.
4.0 : Shelle is an incredible teacher, she genuinely cares about her students. She gives great real-world experience. Her lectures are based off simple novels she asks us to purchase for the semester. No expensive textbook needed. Fun group projects that help you build business skills to use later on. If you're present and participate, you'll get an A.
5.0 : Even though this was a tough course and there is alot of work to complete, Shelle is always there to help and will go above and beyond! Love her!!
5.0 : Gives chapter quizzes at the beginning  of class so you have to read before class. You have 3 large group projects worth 50 points each.  Provides study guides for midterm and final for exactly what to know.  Not a fan of EC. She  clearly loves to teach and knows a lot, is very helpful, and will work with you.  One of my favorite teachers so far!
5.0 : Shelle is a great professor. Expect to come to class everyday. Readings seem mandatory at the beginning, but just like every class you will learn to not read the chapters. Quizzes are easy, final was simple, she graded very easy on writing assignments. Do all assignments, and deliver a good group final project. Easy A as long as you attend class
5.0 : One of the best professors I've taken. Incredibly knowledgeable and makes information applicable to the real world. 10/10 would take again... Quite a bit of reading required for her daily quizzes, but the final was easy, useful concepts. Groupwork is important and common, but she make the groups really work together and it was rather painless.
5.0 : Shelle is an amazing professor. If you have the chance to take her please do! Just make sure you are able to come to class everyday, other than that a very easy A!
5.0 : TAKE SHELLE! She is one of my favorite instructors that I have had over the course of my lengthy school experience. Boise State has a real asset with Shelle Poole. She has lots of real world experience in management and working with others in the professional environment.  She doesn't take role but there is in class points every time you meet.
3.0 : Shelle takes this class and pretends its a real life job. Expect to work for your grade. Expect to ask for a ton of clarification because she does not explain projects and assignments on purpose. Hope that you get a good group, because if you don't your final project will be your doom.
5.0 : Shells was awesome! The class was a lot of busy work and in class group assignments, one case study (10 min group presentation) and a final presentation (25 mins max). Must attend class to get participation pts and one quiz question a day from the reading. Final was a breeze, overall good class I would take Shelle for this course again for sure!
5.0 : I loved this class and Shelle! She is super friendly and easy to talk to. She talks about some really interesting material on leadership that I will take with me.  There were quite a few presentations which are more strictly graded then other assignments, but the midterm and final are exactly like the quizzes! Take her class!!
5.0 : Alex is a great professor to listen too. He's a very funny fellow who makes the lectures fun to listen to. The tests are all multiple choice and fairly easy if you've listened and taken notes. When the jargon from the textbook becomes very technical, he always makes sure to simplify it and only hammer home the key points that will be on the test.
4.5 : Hot professor and funny! I'd date him if it was allowed!
1.5 : This ecology lab required the most busy work out of any class i've taken thus far. As you will learn (in the research project) the survey methods taught in this class are very outdated so I wasn't sure why we were learning them. Alex himself was very rude and condescending to me. I was unimpressed with his lack of professionalism.
3.0 : Honestly he's a great and funny guy, but this class was way harder than it needed to be for a 100 level course. The slides don't have a lot of info and you're tested on a lot. The LA sessions help a lot but its a tough class
3.5 : Alex is a great professor. He is a laid back, funny guy who trys to make biology fun and ecxciting. If you have the chance, take biology with him.
4.5 : He gives good lectures and is funny and easy to follow along with. Also, tests are pretty easy if you put in the effort you need to.
4.5 : Funny and super clear with what he wants in the assignments. Lab lasts the whole 3 hours and usually goes over. 2 projects are due at the end, so beware for that. I'd take Alex again. He presents material very well
5.0 : he is funny and helpful, I would take another class with him.
4.5 : Alex is a great teacher. He takes the time to get to know you and will happily help you succeed. Also he is really funny especially if you love vague and sometimes outdated references! :) Great prof all around.
5.0 : I think Alex is a great guy and absolutely loves teaching! The weekly quizzes are long and difficult most of the time. Some of the quiz material isn't in the notes. He curves tests and is a really nice guy! Tests are a bit too hard for a 100 level class, but the class overall isn't bad!
3.5 : Alex is hilarious, but he's too smart for his own good.  He doesn't really know how to "dumb it down" for entry-level students.  However he is a pretty good teacher, you just have to pay attention.  The class itself is difficult and you definitely have to study a lot, but if you work hard it isn't hard to get an A.
4.0 : Very funny, easy to listen too. Write ups are time consuming, dont schedule classes b4 it if u procrastinate (or slip it into his office box afterward, shh). Theres a paper and an oral (not that), and hes super strict about them, dont miss a due date or else. Sit next to some1 u can work with on the first day, mine was french. very french. Good guy
5.0 : Alex was great. I am a business major and  took his bio100 class as a general education requirement. He made class enjoyable and often had cheesy science jokes that were entertaining. Plus, he has a great beard.
4.5 : Alex was awesome! I actually changed my major to biology after taking his class because of how interesting he made everything. He made jokes and tried to keep us all awake since it was a night class. I plan on taking him next semester for bio191 and would highly recommend him over the other biology 100 level teachers.
4.0 : Honestly as long as you get the notes somehow you'll do well in this class. He curves the tests and lets students use notes on the last 20 minutes of each exam (except the final). Just study your notes and show up to labs and you should get a good grade in the class.
5.0 : I have taken two classes from Alex now. He is a great teacher! He sets clear guidelines on the syllabus and sticks to them better than most teachers. He is a little late to office hours, but he makes up for that in extreme helpfulness and making you explain concepts back to him to check for understanding. Quirky sense of humor and a love for bio!
5.0 : Alex was great. Very through in his lectures. The tests are based on the lectures and not the book and he gives ypu an outline of the notes before class. He was intertaining and overall a great teacher. Would definitely recommend.
4.0 : Alex is an awesome teacher!  He is also a hilarious character.  It's important to go to class because he takes test questions from his lectures and will tell you exactly what you need to know.  Just go to class and pay attention and there's no reason you shouldn't get an A+.  Only homework is the online bookwork, which is easy but time consuming.
4.0 : Alex was a great lecturer, with an interesting sense of humor.  The test primarily came from the lectures, while the textbook was used as a supplement.    The LearnSmarts that he has for homework are a joke.  They focus on very minute details and rarely, if ever, ask about the broad concepts that you need to know.
5.0 : I had Alex as a bio 191 lab instructor and he was very helpful. Often times I had a hard time understanding concepts from lecture (different professor) and he always made it much easier for the students to understand. As a lab instructor he is the best I have had at BSU!
4.0 : Alex is very enthusiastic and passionate about biology and will tell you everything he knows on the subject to answer all of your off-the-wall questions about anything biology-related. He's a hoot and a half when giving examples and mnemonics to help everyone grasp the concepts and remember them. He tries his best to interest everyone in some way.
5.0 : By far my favorite lab instructor... he really makes the class fun for everyone even if no one laughs at his jokes it makes you laugh on the inside, and definitely makes sitting in a 3 hour lab much more bearable! Best lab I've taken, and I'm not even finished with the course yet! I just couldn't wait to give him his review because he is that good.
4.5 : the tests are based off lectures, so they are easy to study for. Alex is knowledgeable and gives good lectures. I just wished he taught Bio 192.
4.5 : Funniest test's I've EVER taken. Hard tests too, but seriously funny test's. His lectures are engaging, from audience polling to student examples such as "hug-ase" where he explained portions by making two students hug. So funny. I would take another class with Alex again.
1.0 : People like Alex because his class is a joke. If you read over his powerpoint notes before the exam you will get an A. Tests are the only thing that matter, and he curves them. You don't have to study or learn anything. He says you should read the book, but don't. There won't be one question on the test from the book. It's all lecture.
5.0 : If you memorize his lecture slides and study for tests you can get an A easy. Understand the concepts but he will never put something on the exam that wasn't on his lecture slides. And he is super entertaining. Great teacher!! One of the best I've ever had.
5.0 : Weekly quizzes get dull but do help study, this class was a piece of cake. Watch out for the harder sections of material though. He moves through them pretty slow and it is hard to keep it all fresh for the test.
4.5 : Alex is literally the BEST teacher I have ever had at BSU. His lectures are actually fun, even on a topic like biology. You can tell when he lectures that he has a real passion for what he does and that makes the material more interesting. Not a tough grader, go to class for notes because he uses that info most for exams.
2.0 : I was so excited to take this class but ended up very disappointed. Alex was combative, rude, and condescending to students. He was literally talk about how lazy and entitled we were to his T.A. in class. I have talked to other students who have said that he made them fell stupid when they would ask for help.
3.0 : I thought Alex was fine for this course. He did not curve our tests and I had to study hard for them. I don't like how the test/quiz questions are written and there isn't much chance for extra credit. He also gives no study guides for the tests. But I never went to the lectures and did all the book work and quizzes and did just fine.
3.5 : Really great lecturer!
5.0 : Alex, is a great professor. He is super funny, PowerPoints are riddled with jokes/memes/etc. Its obvious Alex cares about his students and wants to engage them. Available outside of class.
4.0 : Alex is an awesome professor. Attendance is not mandatory, but in order to get the lecture notes you have to show up (blanks on PowerPoints). These lecture notes are the most important thing for studying for his tests, so definitely show up. If you study hard and go to class, you will do well.
4.0 : Alex is a great teacher but he likes to talk too much. Go to class, pay attention and fill in the notes and you'll do fine.
4.0 : Alex was a great! He's very passonate about biology and finds funny ways of teaching the material to his students, especially when talking about genetics and evolution. He's a really great guy and has a great knack for lecturing. Highly reccommend.
4.5 : The course was well organized, clear and well explained.  Class size was large and would have preferred more regular individual feedback from instructor, but she provided quick and helpful assistance when asked.  Assignments due weekly so be prepared to manage your time to stay on top of the load.  The curriculum well applied to the real world.
1.5 : I don't know that my professor looked at any of my work.  Everything seemed to be graded by a specific grader. His "opinion" reduced points on some assignments that I thought he should not have. Turned in work, and hoped for the best.  Passable feedback, but not much to go on, going into the assignments.  Just have to jump in and hope you are close
4.5 : Everything is online, all the assignments are easy, and all the answers to any test/quiz is online. She offers a lot of extra credit. The only large assignment is a resume and an elevator speech. I received over 100% in the class.
1.0 : Doesn't follow syllabus, doesn't care about education of students, she doesn't spend time grading, will not help you if needed. You will pass this class but will not learn as much as you could from a different Inst. She cares more about vacations during the semester than doing her job. Perfect example of someone who just wants a check.
1.0 : Worst teacher I've ever had! She doesn't clearly explain what she wants in assignments. Nit picks to give bad grades.  If you're non trad be prepared to be made to feel like you're stupid. Books - save your money, req but not used. Be ready to put ALL of your personal info out to everyone online. Mis reports grades - CHECK TRANSCRIPT.
2.0 : GO TO CLASS. If you do not go to class she will A. hate you and B. will doc you down lots of points. The class itself is not hard and there are very few assignments you have to do. You use the books a lot and she refers to them quite a bit. She is deaf and sometimes hard to understand. If you're willing to go to class and participate you'll be fine
3.0 : She cares about her students and wants to make sure they really learn the language. You HAVE to go to class. She definitely holds grudges if you miss class or an assignment. As long as you participate and do all of the homework (which isn't much) you will pass with flying colors.
4.5 : Davina was an amazing professor, deaf, which is awesome for learning ASL.  I was disappointed because I am an A student and I spent 6 hours preparing for an assignment that I got a C on, but overall she is an excellent professor and if you want to learn ASL at Boise State, she is your lady.
4.5 : Great Teacher especially if you need extra explanation for signs! Loved her openness to ask questions and would only take my sign classes from her if I could! LOVE LOVE LOVE
5.0 : Great professor, a true leader. Knows the material and lectures in a way that helps you actually learn instead of memorize. Tests are tough but he gives clues and tips for studying.
5.0 : Great guy, fun class but its so hard to prepare for the tests! he does half multiple choice half short answer and he wants serious specifics. the exams are rough. good luck.
4.5 : I took him my first semester of college for CJ 102 and purposely took him again the next semester for POLS 101. He's super entertaining and cares a lot about his students. He gives two extra credit points at the end of the semester if you miss less than 3 classes. Only 4 tests, 3 tests and a final. He's a very fair grader and a super nice guy.
4.5 : His class is very interesting, and he has a lot of experience with the topic.
5.0 : Shane is very reasonable in his grading expectations. He spent more time in class writing code with the class than reading slides. This made the class much better than a other classes taught from slides.
5.0 : Very friendly, energetic, and amusingly boisterous.  Shane's a great guy and enjoys what he teaches.  Definitely recommend taking classes from him.  Loves to give extra credit, and doesn't grade harshly as long as you do all the work.
1.0 : If you're new to C, I wouldn't take 253 from Shane. The best explanation you'll get is "It's pretty much like Java."  Shane makes you feel stupid for asking questions, and doesn't seem to care too much about his students. He seemed to be more concerned with being funny rather than actually teaching
5.0 : Shane is hands down the best professor I've had. He makes sure to explain things in different ways so everyone has a chance to understand. He'll even provide you with as much individual help you need to understand what you need to do. Almost everything can be done in class though there is some online homework at the beginning half of the semester.
4.5 : Shane is one of the best CS professors I've had. He is charismatic and engaging which sets him apart from most of the CS faculty. Operating Systems is an inherently difficult course but I thought he made it as understandable as it could be. The projects are tough but you wouldn't learn anything if they weren't. There's no book so lectures are vital
5.0 : Prof Panter is one of the best professors I have ever had.   One word of caution, if you complain about how hard the projects are or how much work you have to do he will not react kindly.    I can tell he is really trying to connect to the students and help them learn.
1.5 : About as bad as CS teachers get at BSU.  Condescending at best and insulting at worst.
5.0 : Took class during the summer it was very hard and fast paced due to the compressed schedule. I loved the backpack homework system I knew right away if I was going to pass and fail. Highly recommended
5.0 : Shane is the man.
5.0 : Shane really knows what he is teaching, and is very clear about what he covers in class. His teaching style is very laid back and he is able to joke about things. He loves STAR WARS.
5.0 : I wasn't sure about this class as I had heard different stories from different people. Overall the class is pretty hard but Professor Panter makes it understandable and enjoyable. The course is setup to get instant feedback through the "backpack" submission program which is nice, as you don't have to wait to get your grade.
5.0 : Pretty good class. Pretty good prof.
5.0 : Shane was the best professor I've ever had. He really cares about his students and he goes above and beyond to make sure everyone succeeds. He has years of experience in the work force and treats his classroom more like a company. If you're late on a deadline and have a good reason, he'll work with you. I highly suggest taking a class through him.
5.0 : My favorite professor of all time. Marie-Anne is hilarious and a great lecturer.
4.0 : Marie Anne is sweet. She loves what she does and teaches. She answers any questions you may have about anything really. Tests are hard, so know your stuff. read along with lecture will really help.
5.0 : Dr. de Graaff is awesome! Don't take ecology with anyone else.
5.0 : De Graaff is amazing! I had her for both Bio192 and Bio232 and she just rocks! Her multiple choice questions can be a little tricky because of she is from the Netherlands but if you know your stuff then its no biggie! Plus she is funny and charming! Great professor! Hope I can take another class from her!
3.0 : Marie-Anne is so sweet and caring for her students. She is a fun lecturer but,  her tests are very tough especially if ecology isn't something you are necessarily interested in. This class is not easy. Going to class makes a huge difference!
3.5 : Her tests are extremely hard. She adds question that you don't really know about like what the temp or precip in a place you have never been. Most of the test questions are short answer. There are some fill in the blank and multiple choice but they are tricky questions. She teaches really well but it's a lot of information.
5.0 : He's super down-to-earth and explains things when you need it. I wasn't into taking comp at all but he made it much less painful. Would definitely recommend- plus, he's super funny.
5.0 : Jami was absolutely amazing!! She was so much fun in class and always kept things entertaining. She was very flexible and willing to help any student. Fantastic instructor I definitely recommend that everyone take her class!
4.0 : Chris is just a nice guy, which is worth a ton. He fostered a good atmosphere for discussion.
5.0 : Bailey's class was taught at a nice pace. Math is a difficult subject for a lot of people to grasp but she made sure everyone knew they could go to her office hours for any questions they had. Tests were well prepared for and covered the material we went over in class so there were no surprises.
4.0 : She's so nice and helpful and pretty fair on assignments and grading I mean you get what you deserve that's pretty much all there is to it. The tests are short and pretty easy, if you need help she's always there to help.
4.5 : Dr. Dave is a genuinely good person. He is passionate about this class and Basque Studies in general. He learns every student's name and advocates active participation which is important to learning, in my opinion. I would reccomend him to anyone who likes to think and is willing to change their views about the world. One of my favorite professors.
3.0 : Dr. Lachiondo, is a great guy, but his lectures are rough to get through. He lectures heavy, and at time it feels like your going to die from powerpoints. He does show some interesting movies.
3.5 : He is a really caring and dedicated professor but he can be really tough on grading. Just keep in mind that he was a high school principle and still treats his students as such.
5.0 : I whole heatedly recommend taking a class from him, fantastic!
2.5 : This class was much more difficult then a 101 class should be. He also has a TA grade half his work. As a student paying to take classes I expect the professor to take my papers and grade them. Pretty dry lectures, hard to stay focused.
4.5 : Really good professor. Lectures can be a bit dry but he tries to jazz things up with movies when possible. Lots of reading and writing but just follow his prompts and you'll be fine. If you like history you'll like Hadley.
5.0 : Dr. Hadley is one of my all time favorites. He is so smart and truly cares about his students. Show up, pay attention, and read the books and you will do just fine.
4.0 : Hadley has a lot of knowledge and background on what he is teaching. However, lectures are rather boring. Attendance is necessary as it is apart of your grade. Final and midterm are essay questions. The books I bought for the class for the assignments cost under $40 altogether. Easy class as long as you do your work and take note.
5.0 : Professor Hadley is awesome! He is incredibly passionate about his job, you can tell. He's ridiculously smart, and explains things really well. Assignments are mainly reading or essays, but he provides clear instruction and feedback that is really helpful. I took UF200 and because of him, I might take some of his history courses!
3.0 : Dr. Hadley, is a good professor, but there is a lot of homework.
1.5 : The class is very boring and mandatory
5.0 : The class at times can be difficult because there is a lot of reading, discussions, and writing involved. The lectures themselves can be boring at times but Dr. Hadley does a good job at making the class interesting. Overall, he is a tough grader so as long as you put actually put quality effort into the quizzes and essays, you should do fine.
5.0 : He is a likeable guy and even though the lectures may be a bit dry he does a good job at making them better.
4.0 : I like Hadley. He tries to make history interesting and he is a highly intelligent person. That being said, I do not care for his lectures, as I ALWAYS find myself dozing off. If you are a slacker do not take Hadley, there is a lot of writing in his classes and he does not grade super easy. You will like Hadley if you are fond of history.
4.5 : Dr. Hadley is one of my favorite teacher's. I personally was not fond of history, and I am terrible with remembering facts, but the quizzes were pretty easy (no time limit either!). The three books we had to read along with a follow up essay weren't that bad, and I listened to the books on tape which really helped. Definitely recommend  this class!
5.0 : Dr Raj was very understanding that most of our class weren't Chem majors and did what he could to help us. It was a 5 week summer course so it was a ton of information packed into a short amount of time but he condensed the information very well. He also adjusted the letter grades very generously instead of a curve like normal.
5.0 : Joshi is the man. Best teacher I've ever had in my college career. He's the first professor I've had that actually cares. I fell in love with programming after this class and even declared CS as my major. Read ahead in the book, GO TO OFFICE HOURS, and start your labsprojects early. You'll become a champion. Prepare to have your life changed.
5.0 : Awesome professor. An epitome of how computer science classes should be taught. I truly became a Java NiNjA at the end of the course.
5.0 : Great professor! His office hours are well worth it.
5.0 : I like Joshi, because He is funny and gives useful HW, Weekly quiz is a pain, but it is helpful
2.5 : He is a funny professor, and a  good friend. However, his quiz is tough and unhelpful. if you are good at Java or self-study, you will enjoy. if u not... The project never be challenging, for he writes down most of thing.
4.5 : The most amazing professor I ever had. I wish Alark thought all CS classes. He is a great guy as well, so make sure you go to his office hours. Super nice and super funny. TAKE THIS CLASS, SERIOUSLY. Thank you Joshi! DD
4.5 : Very good course, helped me a lot to crack most of my job interviews.
5.0 : this course started with fully differential (switched-cap) opamp design, analysis and simulation   methodology in a very systematic way. it also covered comparator design and various ADC topologies, then using the basic building blocks to design a pipleline ADC.  it's essential to take this course if you are in the field of analog IC design.
4.5 : He's good.
5.0 : He is an amazing instructor who can help connect what I learned to the real industrial demanding.
5.0 : Very clear and useful class for analog circuit designer.
4.5 : Perfect instructor for CMOS Digital and Analog design courses. Course projects are helpful and are very related to industry standards.
5.0 : Very convincing he is the professor know his stuff very well. But real amazing that he taught complicated circuits in easy way, and guided real stuffs, eg. nowadays data converters,  later. Moreover, he posted his lectures with audio record on his website. Easy to review. BTW: I like his beautiful handwritten lectures.
5.0 : The professors helps with understanding the concepts in most clear manner (his lectures are amazing, check the videos). All the  home works and projects are designer for that purpose. Most important thing the grading policy is very clear and it reflects our effort in the course.
5.0 : I learned analog phase lock loop design in a systematic way. very useful and practical course
5.0 : He is a very good professor. Teaching style is very clear and sound.
5.0 : This course is a basic introduction to digital logic and design, transistors, and cadence. The course material is simple and homework is easy. Exams are not difficult. Lectures are very good, with video lectures posted in case you miss a day of class. The final project is fun and interesting. This course is a good stepping stone for ECE 511.
5.0 : The material is definitely more difficult than 510. Expect to spend 5+ hours per week on homework if you want to do it right. Exams are not easy, but are graded fairly. Practice exams are useful study aides. Final project is challenging and interesting. As always, Vishal is a great lecturer, with good resources available on the course website.
5.0 : Very in-depth analog design course. More difficult than 511 (obviously). This course is very useful and practical. My understanding in analog circuits is much improved after this course. I struggled a lot, but I also learned a lot in this course. Make sure you did well in 511 before you decide to take on this course. vishal is an awesome prof.
5.0 : This is a very neat course. I learned a bunch about delta-sigma. It's a very interesting subject, and Vishal teaches it in a very practical way. Lectures are fantastic. Lots of good Matlab example code. Homeworks can be time-consuming, but the exam was not difficult. Final project required quite a bit of work. This is a fantastic course.
5.0 : Very interesting and practical subject. Great lectures. Homework is not too difficult. Exam was fair. Design project was very fun. This course is easier than 511 but more difficult than 510. Vishal is a fantastic lecturer, with many great resources posted to the course website. Online recordings of lectures are very useful. Fantastic course.
5.0 : PLL is difficult, but he taught it in very well organized and systematic manner.  Dr. Saxena is the guy really knows his work.
5.0 : Hoo, a class even harder than Relativity Theory! But he taught it,  taught clearly and taught his tricks. Hoo, again, what more can I say! Hoo, again, the project is really tough.
5.0 : Lectures, homework, quizzes, exams and projects. Not too hard.
5.0 : Lectures, homework, exams and projects. Interesting class.
3.0 : Cares about his subject, but moves very quickly. Expects students to pick up on concepts immediately after teaching them. Tests are very difficult and the questions are harder than what is given on homework and presented in class. Definitely buy the text AND study guide to review material. Follows text directly in lectures. Curve is good.
4.0 : This class is really hard, but Lee is a really good professor. He explains things really well, and allows multiple attempts on homework and quizzes, so those are easy A's to bump up your grade.
4.0 : Lee was fairly clear and always available to help. I made the mistake of skipping class the last 3/4 of the semester, so I dug my own grave. Lots of opportunities to succeed, especially for such a difficult class.
4.5 : Even though Ochem is very difficult, Jeunghoon did very well at making the course material more accessible while also making the tests appropriately challenging. Attend lecture, study all the clicker questions, and study for the exams because they're difficult. However, they were reasonable and reflected your mastery of lecture material.
4.0 : Lee is difficult but fair. Tests are tough but don't rely on trick questions. Test averages were in the D/C range but homework/clicker points put most people at C/B grades by the end.  Lectures can be confusing as he moves quickly but the high quality Klein textbook makes up for it. Put the time in reading every chapter and you'll be glad you did.
4.5 : Great teacher and probably my favorite teacher in my first semester of english. She is so helpful and wants you to get a great grade. If you are looking for an english class choose Samantha. Work load is there but its all quite easy.
3.5 : UF 100 is a horrible class but she does her best, she knows the topics and does what she can to teach the BS. Since you are forced to take the class you may as well take her. Plus she is not too hard on the eyes which helps.
3.0 : The class was pretty easy! The class seems to drag on at times, but nothing terrible. There are no tests and she gives you adequate time to complete the essays. She can be hard to reach via email but besides that I would recommend her for English 101!
5.0 : Sam is a really good professor. If you are interested in learning and you want someone to help you and make everything clear she is awesome. However if you just want an easy A look elsewhere. There is a fair amount of reading and writing but this is to be expected in a college english course. She is really nice and runs fun classes.
4.5 : I haven't had that many classes yet, but I can already tell she claims the title of my most favorite teacherprofessor in my life. I have a math and science brain and she made me love writing and reading like a writer. YOU MUST TAKE HER, BEST PROFESSOR FOR ENGLISH 101.  P.S. Take her lab if possible
4.0 : Sam is a great teacher. She is a teacher who genuinely cares about her students. She memorizes each individuals name in the class and doesn't forget it. Some of the readings in the class are dry, but she does her best to make them interesting. Provides good, clear feedback. My only complaint is that she takes a bit of time to grade papers....
5.0 : Favorite professor ever. She is so caring and is always there if you have questions. Lets you resubmit assignments if you don't get full credit. Super sweet!! She's a fair grader and gives great feedback. Plus she doesn't make you buy a textbook!!
5.0 : Carolyn is one of the kindest, most genuine professors I have encountered. She truly wants her students to succeed and strives to prepare her students for the demanding task of educating America's children. She comes up with lots of fun activities to give us AUTHENTIC experiences. LOVE HER!
5.0 : Literally the best teacher I've ever had.
5.0 : Carolyn is an amazing professor! She gives great feedback and is always willing to help you succeed. She is very sweet as well as explicit in what she wants from students. The tests are somewhat difficult in that they require deep thought, but she gives plenty of preparation and wants you to do well. I would definitely recommend her!
5.0 : I loved Carolyn! She has been by far one of my favorite professors. She makes the content clear to understand and if you take notes and pay attention her tests are easy. I was always excited to go to her class and she inspired me to be a better teacher!
4.5 : Kind of a fluff class you have to take to graduate.  Write well, support your work, and have a decent work cited page, and writing goes well.  If in doubt, follow what she said, not what the book says.  Tests tend to be much more difficult than you would expect. I got tripped over wording of the question several times. She is very nice and helpful.
5.0 : Dr. Murgel is the man.  Straight up.
4.0 : Murgel is the BEST teacher in the CE department, the most down to earth and cool teacher you can have.  He is dry in lecture but get to know him and he is a cool individual and also helps come grade time so he knows who you are and your effort level.
5.0 : She is the nicest teacher ever! Very helpful, very clear, and very easy. Little homework, couple of papers that are simple. Great class! Learned a lot from her and you will never leave class not knowing what is going on. Strongly recommend her.
5.0 : We only had to write 4 papers for the whole semester and some daily writing blogs every now and then.  She is big on revisions of your papers, so if you think you're not good at writing don't worry.  To her, it's about a writing process.  She likes it when you write something and it isn't good as long as you can make it better in any way later.
4.5 : Brittany is incredibly helpful and easy-going. As long as you show up to class and do the homework, you will do well with her. Would definitely recommend her for this course.
4.5 : Awesome professor, class is difficult because it's a difficult subject but Brittany makes it very easy to understand and pass with a good grade. I will definitely be taking Spanish 102 from Brittany!
5.0 : Brittany is great. It's a hard class because learning a different language is difficult, although she makes it very easy to follow and learn. I actually enjoyed going to this class!
4.5 : This was my first time taking a Spanish class ever and I had an amazing experience! Brittany is extremely helpful. You can tell that she is passionate about teaching Spanish and she makes learning Spanish FUN! I highly recommend to everyone!
4.5 : Brittany was the best foreign language teacher I have had. She is very understanding, and gives great feedback. She clearly cares about her students and teaches in a way that allows you to really understand. I would definitely take her class again.
4.5 : Brittany is by far the best Spanish teacher I have ever had. I had some previous experience with Spanish making the class a little easier, but even those first starting out will have a good understanding of level 1 Spanish by the end. She does in class activities and gives study guides that are very similar to the test and is always willing to help
5.0 : Darrin is awesome. He's engaging, funny, knowledgeable, and eager to teach. Oh, and the bow ties... pay attention to the bow ties!
5.0 : HER CLASS WILL MAKE YOU A STAR WRITER. Professor Oyarzabal is a talented and knowledgeable professor. Thanks to taking ILR with her I am able to construct research papers with confidence and ease, knowing exactly what to look for and how to glue it together. She gives detailed feedback and CARES about setting her students up for success!
5.0 : she has awesome boots! Show up just for the boots! Also, make sure you reading responses.
5.0 : CHILL TEACHER! TAKE THE CLASS WITH HER! Was less than stoked to have to take eng, but I LOVED this class. She's sooo funny, understands that you have other work for other classes, moves back due dates if needed. If you don't take the class with her you're doing it wrong.
4.5 : Very good instructor who cares.
3.5 : Not an easy course, but this instructor makes it seem easier than some others do. If you do all homework and attend lectures consistently, you shouldn't have too much trouble on exams. He likes to see his students succeed.
4.0 : If you are smart you will take Brennan for any class he teaches! I had Supp for the first 2 weeks and he was TERRIBLE! Brennan was amazing once I switched! He is funny, curves tests, rework tests for points and he just way better than anyone at BSU! Plus he does practice tests that have VERY similar questions on the real tests! TAKE HIM!
4.0 : Professor Brennan is a delight. His lectures are comfortably paced and very comprehensive, and are accented by his great sense of humor; I find myself laughing out loud at least once every time. The only downside to this course is that the homework is hosted on Pearson's MasteringPhysics, which is, like most Pearson software, horrid.
3.5 : Brennan is a really funny guy and he teaches the material fairly well, however the structure of Physics 212 as a whole is very, very flawed. The homework is fairly straightforward but can be difficult at times. Expect a terrible testing environment with difficult multiple choice questions. All of this however is not really Brennan's fault...
4.0 : Great guy! He knows that physics is a hard class to pass and makes it passable.  He curves tests by up to 20 points or in some cases more.  His lectures are interesting and entertaining.  Got a 50 on one test and he curved it to a 75.
5.0 : If you do not understand it is not Brennan's fault. All his lectures are posted. LA sessions are heaven sent. The tests are difficult so go to LA sessions.
4.0 : Great teacher, made physics easier to understand. Made funny jokes, homework is on mastering, exams were hard but a huge curve for all physics classes (just the way they are structured). Expect to get 35-60% on exams before curves, you'll be fine. He'll stay after class to answer homework questions, utilize this time! Would take again.
4.0 : Just the right amount of humor to keep class fun! Has the most hilarious GIFS in his power point presentations and will stop for some semirelevent story but doesn't go to far off on tangents. Love it! Let us go early a few times because he was over it and times allowed.. gives EC and easy attendance points!
3.0 : I find it very hard to pay attention to him when in lecture, normally Im engaged, but with him, he just talks from the slides and makes jokes, and I completely disconnect from him.
3.0 : Brennan is a great instructor. I did have a little bit trouble following along with some lessons, as he would go through the slides before I could fully understand the concept. This required me to review quite a bit for tests. Though this a personal issue. He is really able to dictate what he means, a majority of the time.
5.0 : Jim is an awesome teacher. He really tailors the lectures to the skill set of his students, and hes a hilarious guy too. The content of the class can be tough, but Jim gives all the tools you need to succeed. His lectures are straightforward and clear, and he made a 7:30 AM physics lecture entertaining which is hard to do. Highly recommend.
4.5 : James is a very high quality professor - his lectures are easy to understand (a big deal in physics), he adds great humor, and he is willing to listen to students and alter homework/tests when things don't quite fit the material. His tests are challenging but fair and his reviews lay out expectations clearly enough. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable and easy to listen to. A lot of extra credit opportunities. This will sound unusual, but The blackboard site is the the greatest. He's got reviews, problem sets, math links, formula sheets with subscripts and a unit and variables sheet that has all units derived. It can make your semester a lot easier.
5.0 : Brennan was a good instructor, though the class itself isn't very nice. Physics is a hard subject, but he does his best to make the material understandable. He also injects a lot of humor into his lectures. Tests are by no means easy, so pay attention to his study guides and lecture quizzes and you'll do fine.
3.5 : He has a great sense of humor and really made a 7:30am physics class fun. He had no control over the testing structure, which was unfortunate as he would have been more fair.
4.5 : Very awesome teacher. He was explained everything very well and was very fun to interact with.
4.5 : Lonsdale is the best physics teacher i have ever had. He tends to teach early in the morning. I took his class M/W/F at 7:30 am but it was well worth it. I struggle with physics as a subject but he made it fun and easy to understand. I went into office hours every week and he was very helpful. However he does not offer extra credit.
5.0 : He is such a great teacher and person.  Loved going to his class everyday!  If you go to the class and do the homework you should be fine.
5.0 : Ed is an incredible professor! It was a lot of studying and hard work to do well in Physics 211, but very rewarding. He has a great sense of humor and makes lectures very fun! If you aren't willing to put in effort or attend lecture, then this isn't the course for you. I highly recommend any class taught by Ed Lonsdale, he is a great guy!
2.0 : Meh.  Don't take his class if you really like (or heatedly dislike) Physics, or if you are a non-engineering major.  The reviews on here make him out to be a better teacher than he actually is, which is to be expected when you have an aggregate score based off of only sixteen reviews.  Take Brennan, he has a far more practical approach.  Opinion.
1.0 : Ed is probably the worst teacher I have ever encountered. Instead of actually teaching material that can-- and will-- be on your homework or exams, he has decided to waste class time by telling you pointless stories or facts about his "Phyling Circus of Physics". This "professor" can't even do the problems himself during lecture. Waste of my time.
5.0 : One of the most inspirational professors I've ever had.  He was one of the only people who could make physics interesting.  I also had him for Statistics and that class was pretty good too.  He's very good at explaining complex concepts in a way that you can understand and he keeps you interested during dry subjects like statistics.
4.0 : This was the hardest class I've ever taken. Every single physics class is structured the same way; tests worth 74% of grade, being 20 multiple choice questions, all or nothing. It doesn't matter what teacher you have, this class is hard. But Ed makes it easier. His energy and passion for teaching is what got me through this class. He's PHENOMENAL!
5.0 : Ed is a great in Lab. Always goes over directions and physics concepts that will be focused on in the lab that day. Will occasionally adjust the experiments, or change the follow-up questions, which often made the labs easier. He doesn't grade too hard as long as you follow all the directions.
5.0 : Lonsdale was by far the best professor I have had at BSU.  He genuinely cares about his students and puts an incredible amount of effort into his class.  He makes it clear to understand physics and not try to memorize it.  He has cool demonstrations  and his Phlying Circus of Physics every week which are very fun and interactive.  Highly recommend!
4.5 : Clyde was great, and made the material fun. He's passionate about what he teaches and always willing to help. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Great instructor with all of his experience to share. Lectures are spent talking about current affairs, the assigned reading, and then lecture for notes. There is no homework, all grade depends on tests, and you must study for them. He gives a review before the test.
5.0 : Best class I've taken so far. He makes things very clear, and he is so nice when it comes to everything about taking a college class. He finds the cheapest text book, he knocks off questions on the test that many people got wrong, reviews EXACTLY the material on the test, and he's overall just very interesting to listen to with his experience.
5.0 : Laura is a great person and teacher. Very helpful and has a way helping her students understand the content. Being in her class was interesting, thought provoking, and a very fun time we laughed a lot. Highly recommend!
4.5 : Laura is an awesome teacher. She is very sweet and is always willing to help her students learn. The papers are fun to write and I really enjoyed coming to this class. I highly recommend taking Laura's class.
5.0 : Yes Laura is kind but she is alot more too. Yes she works with you to redo work you failed on because grades are not the point for her. Laura made us excited to think deeper about our topics. She taught our class ways of critical analysis that changed how I see everything. Readings are on Blackboard instead of a book.
5.0 : Loved her! She really passionate so some times,  she'll tend to over explain. Other than that she's awesome. Curves all exams and there's barley any homework.  I did good in the class and I'm not good at science, at all.
5.0 : Webb should be teaching more than just labs.  211 and 212 would have actually been fun with him at the podium.  You are doing yourself a disservice if you take anyone else for lab.
5.0 : This guy is incredible.  Super helpful and he knows his stuff.  Easiest and most helpful lab you can take.
5.0 : Peter is awesome! He's a really easy grader and a super nice guy. He gives everyone A's on their labs just for doing them. He's really smart and a good teacher, but beware he talks A LOT. His lectures before you start the lab are always 30 minutes long or longer, so buckle down. Overall great guy and awesome prof though.
5.0 : I leaned the most about specific Physics  topics in the 3 hours a week that I spent hashing out my more meddlesome inquiries with Peter than I have anywhere else. The labs are well set up and it's an easy A but the value in his course is in the mini lectures and feedback on individual questions. Great at explanations.
5.0 : best teacher for lab
4.5 : Dr. Kroes is overall a great professor. He is pretty funny and interesting to listen to. There are 2 projects which aren't bad as long as your group doesn't suck. Go to class and pay attention, don't use your phone, and you will get a good grade. Minimal homework don't need the big textbook.
3.5 : Overall a good professor. He can be a little rude if you miss a class and ask a question about something that was covered in the class you missed. First 2 projects are fairly easy but the last project uses a program you have to be at school to use, a really pain especially when it is due during dead week.
4.0 : His lectures are long and sometimes boring! He looks very nervous and always looking around for students if they have their phones in their hands! the class is basically based on three exams which are hard and worth 250 each!! you have to study very hard to get an A. But he explains everything and makes it easy, just don't skip class.
5.0 : Dr. Kroes is one of the best professors I've ever had in both undergrad and grad school. You can tell he's passionate about teaching and he's phenomenal at doing so. He comes prepared to class every day and goes above and beyond. SCM isn't really my forte but the class was enjoyable and I learned a lot.
5.0 : Dr. Kroes is amazing! He is really passionate about the course material which makes for a fun class! Just be an adult and turn off your phone and you'll do great!
5.0 : He was an incredible teacher. He was always trying to crack jokes and make things fair for everyone. Always in his office to answer questions and always made sure no one had any questions in class. Gave us hands on material to work on in class. Prepared, passionate, energetic and fun.
5.0 : Great class. Very informative. He draws a lot from interactions with entrepreneurs that he knows. He is strong on the subject matter, but do not. I repeat, do not, use your cell phone in class. He doesn't love it.
5.0 : Great teacher Really gets the class involved.  He makes the material easy to understand making the class easy and enjoyable.  Overall my favorite teacher at Boise State.
5.0 : Made class a lot of fun and it was an easy class, would take again! I think his teaching made it easy, uses a lot of real life scenarios and is one of the best teachers Ive had at BSU
3.5 : No need to show up to class to get an A. He has lecture capture if you really want to be involved. All of his quizzes are online with an optional final.
5.0 : he is the best you do you work show up for the class do the quizzes you pass this class with an A highly recommended
4.5 : I've had Dr. Kit for two classes. He was the best teacher in ITM department, and I guess he is, so far. Clear instructions about class. Very organized person through blackboard. The only thing I would say about him is that he takes a fairly long time to grade homework when it comes to last weeks of semester. Overall, I would highly recommend him.
5.0 : I took an online project management course with this professor last year.  He was easy to get along with and very helpful.  Tests were multiple choice directly from text book.
5.0 : Honestly, Kit is one of the best if not the best professor I have had in the IT/SCM program. He is straight forward with his expectations for assignments, quizzes, tests, and projects. He is always willing to help and answer questions.  He is super organized, which is awesome! I HIGHLY recommend him as a teacher.
5.0 : Kit is an awesome teacher. Every assignment is clear on what you need to do to get an A. He is always around to help and you can always email him and he will respond with how to fix any problem. Really understanding. Gives time in class to work on projects. Come to class and there is no way you won't get an A.
5.0 : This was the best class i have ever taken. It has changed my life for the better. I continued learning Arabic after this course and fell in love with the language and the culture. I'm so glad I chose to take this class.
4.5 : Bonnie is really passionate about this subject.  She knows what she wants to get across but the subject is so dense it doesn't always get across to students. Bonnie does, however, take a lot of time out of class to make sure her students pass her class.
5.0 : Casey is an amazing professor! She loves what she does and is always there to help. 306 consists of homework, quizzes and take home midterm/final. The main chunk of this class is the ability to diagram sentences, so participation is very important to understand that.
5.0 : Casey is very easy going and very approachable. She seems to love her work and helping the students out if they have issues. I would recommend Casey for other classes as well.
3.5 : Casey was a very personable professor; she was a bit long in the lectures and assigned many rigorous readings averaging thirty pages per class period, sometimes longer. She either will not talk about the reading at all, or will talk extensively about the reading, and it's impossible to predict which way she will go. Papers and presentations.
5.0 : Dr. Keck is amazing and will help you to succeed. Her service learning sections provide invaluable experiences with teaching and helping out refugees. You will love her classes.
5.0 : Great Professor, I would take other classes from him.
4.5 : Nice guy, likes what he teaches. He makes it so that those who want to learn can without overwhelming us with homework. I really like his style. All you have to do is a weekly reading, a couple of papers and a couple of projects, so the  workload is light.
4.0 : Brad is a great professor who wants students to learn and engage with psychology. He does a lot of interesting group discussions and activities that are really engaging. This is a fun class that offers a lot of useful information.
4.0 : Brad is a great professor who loves what he does.
5.0 : Such a helpful professor, really cares about his students. All the work is projects so you never feel in the dark, you can always ask questions.
3.0 : Brad cares about the content he teaches and it shows. He is fair and allows everyone that wants a participate to have a turn. His sense of humor didn't really match mine and I think we had a rough time communicating.
5.0 : Great teacher! He only gives one test and a few projects. His class is out of 100 points so if you miss a point on anything your grade goes down a %. Attendance is required and part of your final grade. Nice guy.
5.0 : Kate is amazing, I ended up taking 215 with her twice just because i enjoyed it so much!
5.0 : As a professor Lucas is great! The assignments kind of seem random and there is a lot of work at the end of the semester, but as long as you do the work, you'll be just fine.
4.5 : I hated having to use the online math program, Aleks, because it made the course almost self-taught. However, Ms. Wilson was always willing to help when asked and answer any questions about the course and grades. She was very funny and I really enjoyed having her as an instructor.
5.0 : She is one of the best math teachers I have ever had. She is always willing to help and answer emails or texts. She is extremely patient and helpful. Over half of the class is based on your progress on the online portion, ALEKS. Going to class can make or break your grade. Both the lab and lecture help immensely.
5.0 : Kimberly Wilson is a great math professor. She has been doing this for years and knows exactly how to teach students so they succeed. Although most of what you learn in this class will be on ALEKS, she is more than willing to help and offer support when you ask. Highly, highly recommend her.
2.5 : This math class is mostly on Aleks (an online math program) so their isn't much teaching from the teacher going on. If you ask questions she will help you though.
5.0 : She was amazing, I was super nervous since it was my first time using ALEKS.  She makes everything clear and actually cares about her students.  Do the work and you will do great in the class.  She is always available to help and is easy to understand! I would recommend.
5.0 : Very helpful. Very understanding. Overall easy to pass class.
4.0 : Prof Wilson was super friendly and helpful. I finished my ALEKS pie early and she helped me figure out what to do to get my final set up.
4.0 : She's really nice and will answer any questions you have. Do not miss class though because it will make your grade go down a lot. On every test besides the final we had a couple extra credit problems. Seems about as good as it gets for a math teacher.
4.0 : Best math teacher I've had all my college career, and i've been taking math every year since 2012. 144 is taught with Aleks  it's not bad if you just put the hours into it, 4 hours a week.  There isn't much time for "lecturing" in class whereas it is a 50 minute class, but Kim manages to fit just enough in to help a great deal. Class is mandatory.
5.0 : I LOVED Mrs. Wilson. She is the definition of a saint. She is incredibly kind and cares about her students a lot! She always had something nice to say and always motivated me to do better! Don't skip class because it'll drop your grade significantly, be sure to complete your time/topic goals. She does everything she can to make you successful. :-)
3.5 : Easy teacher, doesn't grade assignments besides unit projects. HE IS NOT GAY! (totally thought he was). Class is really easy if you do the work. He's funny, and always joyful.
5.0 : he is awesome!! everything is completion grade so if you turn it in you get 100% he is super funny and very helpful. if your looking to get a very good and fun professor take this class!!!!!!!!!
5.0 : Absolutely incredible person and professor.  See him more as a friend then just a professor. Very personable and cares a lot about his students. Invites all opinions and views in class discussion. Young and able to relate to his students. Work is not too difficult. Grading is all or nothing, so hit all the requirements and you're solid
4.5 : Kevin is such an awesome teacher! He's willing to help and is always in a really good mood, he's younger so it's easy for him to connect with his students. He gives great feedback on your essays and all you get graded for is your unit stuff, everything else is completion. He's great!!
4.5 : Kruse has the patience of a Saint. Math 15 uses ALEKS, which I liked. So even though you work on ALEKS while in class, weekly attendance is a fairly significant part of your final grade as is the expected amount of hours (6) per week you are required to work in ALEKS. Use the class time to pick her brain on stuff you don't get. She is super nice.
5.0 : Taking Soc 101 from Sarah Mawhirter was one of the best choices I have made. Although the class was a little challenging, it wasn't something that you can't get an A in. I loved this class because of the teacher, she is so interesting and so passionate about the material. Her style of teaching is awesome, she kept my attention all of class!
4.5 : I thoroughly enjoyed her lectures! They tend to take on controversial subjects on a regular basis, so the class may not be for the faint of heart, but I guarantee you'll learn new things about the people around you if you give it a chance and an open mind. She comes off as strict at first, but after the first day is very nice and entertaining!
5.0 : Her lectures are amazing! There are only 3 tests during this class and if you study the review for the test, you will get an A. No homework at all, some group work but not a lot. Overall, a great class and Sarah made the class so much fun.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers. She is very nice and knowledgeable about the subject. She keeps the lectures very interesting and easy to pay attention to. She explains the topic thoroughly. You grade in the class is based off three tests and your final isn't cumulative. I would definitely recommend her!
4.5 : Sarah has been by far my favorite teacher here at Boise State. I also was in her 101 course and in both she is very helpful, clear, and she also makes the lectures very interesting and enjoyable. If you are a sociology major I definitely suggest getting her for as many of your classes as possible.
5.0 : Sarah is one of the best professors ive ever had and is the reason why I chose to minor in Sociology. She is a life long student, so the class is relevant and useful. She is absolutely hilarious, she isnt afraid to cuss or say what's on her mind. She's a REAL person, not just a professor.
5.0 : Sarah is hilarious, amazing teacher! Seriously, just show up and pay attention. The discussions and lectures are engaging! She is very knowledgeable, easy A for sure! Exams, super easy just use the review she gives you and you'll be set!
4.5 : Sarah knows and loves her subject. She provides you all the information you need for tests and is very straight forward on what you need to get done. If you enjoy sociology then you will adore her and her lectures! She is great at making topics understandable keeps in mind the students perspective of tough information to make it bearable.
5.0 : Absolutely the best online class I have ever taken. Lots of reading but the time to complete each module is 10 days! (There are 9 modules) AND there is no time limit on the quizzes. :) She responds to everything in good time and truly cares. I will take her again for sure if I have the opportunity. She also offers extra credit in each module!
4.5 : Sarah is an amazing teacher! She is really good at making her lectures interesting so you aren't falling asleep the whole time. Her tests are really simple and she doesn't try to trick you at all. Show up to class and you will be golden! LOVED HER!
5.0 : I absolute love Sarah's lectures. She speaks for most of the class, but she's so captivating, that I never feel like I'm in the hall for too long. I learn a lot from her classes, and I feel that she covers the content so effectively during class that I do not need to study too much to prepare for the exams. There are three non-cumulative exams.
4.0 : The tests will contain exactly what was reviewed during the lectures. Attendence is a must as she assigns homework at random and will sometimes have in-class activities. To the point, you learn, and grading is fair.
5.0 : Best class i have ever taken! if though i don't agree with her views at all, i absolutely loved her course work and how passionate she is about sociology! If i could take this class again i would in a heart beat!
5.0 : I can't wait to take anther one of her classes.
5.0 : Sarah is extremely intelligent and passionate about the sociology and learning from her is always interesting. She will challenge the way you look at the world  and open up a whole new perspective on life and people. Definitely recommend this class to anyone interested.
5.0 : She's super helpful and available for us students! The tests aren't hard if you pay attention in class. The textbook isn't necessarily a must have since all of the articles she has us read are online and in the library.
5.0 : Sarah is honestly the best professor I've had at Boise State. She is very passionate about what she teaches. It's somewhat important that you show up for lectures because a majority of what she teaches in class is on the test. Pay attention and you'll get an easy A.
5.0 : Sarah is a great professor. She got me really interested in minoring or majoring in sociology. She's very knowledgeable and passionate about sociology. Sarah is a very attractive individual, inside and out. Take this class for SOC101.
5.0 : Sarah is amazing! She is a female warrior that really turned me on to Sociology. She's extremely well spoken and is just so knowledgeable about her discipline and clearly loves what she does. She's probably the coolest person I've met and I'm so glad I took her class.  She's hilarious, she demands respect but I mean who wouldn't respect her? 10/10
5.0 : Sarah is by far the best professor I've had! She knows the material well, she explains exactly what we need to know (no b.s. like other professors), and she was HILARIOUS! Love a professor that seems human, I can't wait to take another class of hers!
5.0 : Great class. I took it a different semester and failed because I didn't attend and had a bad attitude. Gave it a 2nd shot and realized how awesome this class was. Did all the assigned readings and read my notes pretty thoroughly. Tests are only hard if you don't attend or participate. Take thorough notes and you'll get an A. No attendance points.
5.0 : He was great! He mostly uses quizes to judge whether you've been doing the readings and paying attention and powerpoints to explain the information in better detail. In this class he had a big of an obsession with beards, but it just made the content more entertaining.
5.0 : He is an amazing teacher and so understanding! Homework is very clear and easy to follow. Not a lot of points in the class so don't miss assignments, but assignments are pretty easy and relate well to the course! Highly recommended!
5.0 : Excellent! (Wish I could give more than one chili pepper!)
4.0 : I didn't  think that I would find a professor whose class I thoroughly enjoyed, but this class was awesome! The course really wasn't that difficult if you put in the time and effort that is needed for the response papers and essays. He had a few of vocab quizzes and group project. His dry sense of humor and engagement made for a fun environment.
2.5 : Kind of degrading
5.0 : I just wanted to rate to give him a chili pepper.
4.0 : Lots of reading, but all of it is tailored to the course. Gives great feedback and is a fair grader if you put in the work and have done the reading. Expect to read and don't miss a response. Two tests and two movies (both entertaining). Lectures can be a bit rough, and he will fill the silence with more material, which can cause more silence.
3.0 : Come to class and participate (or he will call you out!).  Do the reading and make sure you have a clear understanding of it before you come to class.  Many students find Prof. Clare intimidating because he has a very dry sense of humor.  Goes off on tangents a lot but what he talks about is always interesting and relevant to the class!
4.5 : Better than expected
2.5 : Mr. Clare is one of those professors that has a lot to say. He knows what he is talking about, and if your one of those students that listen all the time you'll do great. He doesn't really inspire class discussion. A couple of quizzes; two being a surprise. A terrible group presentation is mandatory, and reading responses. Overall I don't recommend
5.0 : By far, Prof. Clare is one of my favorite professors. He's hilarious, his lectures are super engaging, and he gives great feedback on papers.  The material that we covered is very complex, but he makes everything really simple and easy to understand. 100% recommend him for this class - you won't regret it!
4.5 : 2 tests, and 2 exams throughout the course of the semester. Pay attention and make sure you attend class as much as possible. He's a tough grader but if you're serious it'll make you a better writer. I would highly recommend his class. Also, make sure you keep up with the readings and turn in all responses.
5.0 : He really put an effort to make me learn the concepts. I struggled in the beginning but he helped me a lot throughout the semester and I excelled on the class. Definitely one of the best teachers in BSU
4.5 : Eric is a generally strong teach who cares about his students.  He tries his best to be fair, curving or allowing make-up exams when the class, on average, struggles on a test.  He assigns way too much homework, but so do other courses in the ECE department and he has a very liberal late policy so that's nice.  Actual teaching is B+. Overall great!
5.0 : Eun Hye is amazing! She is energetic, helpful, and knowledgable.  I highly recommend taking a class from her!
4.5 : Eun Hye is incredibly intelligent and strives to pass on her knowledge accordingly. She wants her students to be successful and be comfortable in her classroom. She encourages discussion and always addresses students' concerns. She is just overall a wonderful professor and is a fantastic role model.
3.5 : Eun Hye truly loves literacy and cares about her students understanding how to teach it in the future. She assigns weekly participations and being in class is important. She is very energetic and quickly grades/gives feedback. Some of her instructions are not crystal clear, but the majority of the time she teaches explicitly.
5.0 : good class
4.5 : Professor Custer did this course with Dylan Evans (can't find him on the professor list) and they had a fun group dynamic. Funny. I came into the cybercrimes class not knowing much about computers. Some of the technical stuff went over my head a bit but I learned a lot. Dylan is great at dumbing down things for non geeks... and he's kinda hot. :)
5.0 : Great professor. Would highly recommend his Cybercrimes class
5.0 : Great professor who was always trying to help students succeed. Attendance points are a big part of your grade but tests are very easy to understand (no confusing wording) and extra credit is available. Genuinely nice guy and very smart, you will learn a lot.
4.5 : She's an awesome teacher.  She challenges you and is funny.  I was intimidated by her at first but ended up really respecting her.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had! Nathan knows so much about tv and radio and he's not afraid to make you try. Show up, do your job, and you'll learn more than any textbook could teach you. Awesome class!
3.0 : This class was fun most of the time, but it was difficult to keep up. The entire course is based on attendance and if you can't show up a couple hours early, you're going to struggle getting the hours in. Whatever the hours say, add a couple to the beginning to make sure your schedule works.  Other than that, it's cake. He's chill and easy.
4.0 : No homework. You just got to show up to class. Two "paper" tests, but easy if you know the terminology. Has a lot going on outside of class (with other classes), so sometimes was all over the place. Other than that just show up!
5.0 : My favorite teacher of all my 16 years of education. His sense of humor is to die for, his personal stories kill me every time, and his looks revive me. Honestly, I've never had a teacher quite like Nathan. He does expect you to try and learn things in studio, which I think is a good thing. I am for sure taking many more of his classes:)
5.0 : Bulk of your grade is "shoot points." You get around 5 points for each news shoot, filming a lecture, filming a lecture, or broadcasting sports. 80 points is needed for 3 credits. Make sure you have time outside of class to the work. If you have a job, live far away, and are in greek life 3 credits will be hard. Nate is hilarious &amp; forgiving.
5.0 : Dr. Carlson did an outstanding job simplifying a daunting subject into something manageable. The homework was tough, but the tests were a breeze as there was a note sheet written by Dr. Carlson attached to the tests.  The final did not count towards your percentage grade like normal. If you get 50, your grade doesn't change. 50, you drop 10%
5.0 : Gary is awesome! I've never had a professor make such a dull subject so entertaining! Truly a 10/10 professor. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Dr. Hampshire is a wonderful professor and seems to care about her students. I found her lectures to be very interesting and learned a lot. She is very strict when it comes to using the APA format correctly, but this is good because it prepares you for future education classes. Great teacher, funny too!
4.0 : He consistently holds every class over and has a disrespect for students' time. I will never again take this class. It's his way or the highway. Don't allow yourself to be held by the balls for a thousand+ bucks. However, if you like marching band, then go ahead and do it.
5.0 : Dr. Tornello is the best college band director i have had, and granted I have gone through 3 of them. Hes a little tough, but he does that to challenge you and make you better!
5.0 : Joe is great! He explains everything very clearly! As long as you memorize your music and show up to class and sectionals, you'll receive an A! Such a great class!
5.0 : Joe is probably the best band director I've ever had the privilege to work under. He cares deeply about every student and takes time to commit names to memory which is a huge thing when your class size is roughly 200.
5.0 : Generally pretty good
5.0 : For Marching Band: He's awesome
5.0 : Review is for MARCHING band. Joe is beloved by his students. He knows what he is doing and runs rehearsals very efficiently. I did 3 years of marching band and met some amazing people and had great experiences. Joe really cares about his students and fights to give you the best experience in whatever you do. 10/10
5.0 : Kathy is the best professor I've had so far with my experience at Boise State. I love her and her class. She will care about you and personally make time for her students. If you can, ABSOLUTELY, take her class. You wont regret it.
5.0 : The BEST teacher I have ever had!!! She is the sweetest and most  caring person. She really cares for all her students and takes time to make sure you understand the material. She comes in early and stays after class to help students and also has weekend study sessions. I wish she could be my teacher for all classes!
5.0 : Fantastic teacher! She's so helpful and tries to do her best to make sure everybody understands the material before a test. She's available to help all the time and is clearly very committed. She's fantastic and really cares about her students. Wish there were more like her at BSU
5.0 : Best math teacher I've ever had. Homework assignments from the book with only a few each day that actually help on the exams, 3 exams, a skills test you get 3 chances to pass, a final and attendance. She also gave ec on some hw and exams. ALWAYS willing to meet before and after class and even has weekend study sessions!! Explains things so clearly
5.0 : The nicest and most helpful teacher  I have ever had in my entire life. The class is as tough as a normal math she is willing to do anything to help you
5.0 : I love tom turco. Cutest old man, really cares about what he's doing. There's quizes every week but they're super easy and it's a super easy A. Love love love tom
5.0 : Seriously recommend this professor. Tom is one of the nicest and most genuine teachers I have ever had. He is helpful, fair, and cares about his students. This particular class had no tests. Many busy assignments, a group project (you're graded on your work, not the group as a whole), and weekly discussion boards. Do the work and you will get an A.
5.0 : Very good professor. He has a lot of experience in the public health system. I enjoyed this class. I spend 3 hours a week to complete this course. Not difficult at all. Turco provides all resources needed.
5.0 : Thomas is amazing!!! One of my best BSU professors. He is easy going and kind. Two tests (midterm and final) which both are based on the previous weekly quizzes and tophat and discussion questions. Attend the lecture to get points for tophat, do the weekly quiz and discussion and review them before your exams and I am pretty sure you'll get an A!!
4.5 : This is an easy A if you simply do the homework, quizzes and discussion board posts.  I was a bit apprehensive because it was an online class and what you write is seen and reviewed by others, but that soon fades away.  A fair warning - do NOT turn in assignments in the incorrect format (.odt file), a simple mistake like that can drop your grade!
5.0 : Take this course for credit. Easy! I love him sooo much. He always asks for your opinion. There's no answer! Your thoughts and ideas, that's all! Just do your assignments, do not miss any of them. Then, you will get an AAAA!
5.0 : Take this class online if you have the choice.  The modules are set up great, easy to follow,-weekly quiz, reading, homework and a discussion board.  Super easy grader, just do the work, it takes a bit of your time, but its very clear and helpful for the health field.
4.0 : Mr Turco is really nice and pretty funny. Not many people show up to his lectures but there are quizes every week (1-2) and they're 10 questions with 2 hours to answer. Really easy to pass, the book isn't necessary only to help with the midterm and final. I think people find the lectures somewhat boring because the topic is so broad.
5.0 : Turco is a great professor. His classes were straight forward and he gave real life examples. The quizzes are based off his lecture notes and for exams he gives you a great study guide.
5.0 : Although his classes aren't mandatory to pass, I loved going to class and his lectures were relate able and I truly enjoyed them. He is a great teacher who wants his students to pass and really cares about our experience. I can't wait to take another one of his classes!
5.0 : Online class. No extra credit so complete the homework, weekly quizzes, and online discussion boards and you'll do just fine.  No major papers or mid-term.  Final is two part: timed multiple choice (cumulative), and timed essay.  He's a good guy and pretty helpful. No textbook.
5.0 : Ray was an awesome professor, if I could take him for all of my grad courses I would. He is kind and wants to see his students succeed. He really encourages group discussions and provides feedback that is both encouraging and respectful. The materials in class were interesting and not too difficult.
5.0 : Rhiannon is awesome! Seriously one of my favorites here at Boise State! She doesn't give a whole lot of work and when she does it is very easy! She really makes an effort to know her students on a personal level and she cares about everyone!
5.0 : Rhiannon is one of the best professors in BSU, Don't miss taking a class from her! She is hilarious, amazing and a wonderful teacher. Go to class and participate and you will pass with an A. Simple HWs, clear exam and gives a lot of extra credit opportunity!
5.0 : What a passionate teacher.  I enjoyed every class.  I would recommend him thoroughly.  If you have a passion for the Spanish language, you will be in good hands.  You can tell he enjoys what he is doing.
5.0 : More than a mere teacher. Life coach, shoulder to cry on, motivational speaker, spiritual guide. I truly learned more than writing in this class. I learned to be human. She's also pretty easy on the eyes.
5.0 : GBT is probably one of my two favorite professors at Boise state. Really intelligent, insanely critical and knows what he's talking about. Definitely felt like I was finally taking an upper division course, every class was worth going to. I love working hard and having it pay off while getting my money's worth.
4.0 : GBT is the kind of professor that you want to have every semester. He has high expectations, but going to class and digging into the text will improve your critical thinking and your understanding. Class material may not always be uplifting, but the discussion can be inspiring. Definitely take a class from him at least once!
5.0 : GBT is one of the best professors in the English department. He's also one of the most intelligent, articulate people I've ever met. He forces his students to challenge their assumptions about gender, race, religion, nationality and culture. He encourages his students to think critically. You MUST participate to pass.
4.5 : My first professor crush. Although I jest, his class is AWESOME. Amazing lectures, passion, reasonable amount of readinghomework. You'll get the most out of this class by attendanceparticipation. Accent not an issue. Giant brain. He urges you to make the world a better place through thinking critically. Probably in the top 3  profs I've ever had.
5.0 : Mel is so awesome!  Really cares about her classes and wants to make sure everyone passes.  Thanks Mel!
5.0 : Mel is a great professor. She works in HR so she is able to shed light on benefits and comp in real life. She gives study guides before the test and it follows it extremely close so be sure to go to class since they are not posted on BB.
5.0 : Mel is great!  She really knows the field!  The semester-long project seems daunting at first, but you get full credit just by turning in each piece on time.  It's a great hands-on project and she walks you through each part!  Make sure you go to class the week before a test!  She only gives the study guide in class!  I wish I could have her again!
5.0 : she was awesome and very understanding. loves participation but doesn't require it. It was a easy grade for a theater class.
5.0 : Teresa is fantastic! Super positive and lots of energy! She turns a subject that some people might find boring into a super fun and interactive class. Attendance is important for in-class activities she does. The two biggest assignments are two play responses you write based on plays that are performed at Boise State. Definitely a great choice!
5.0 : Teresa is awesome! This class is really boring, but she really does ty to keep it interesting.  She is super sweet, an easy grader, and will do whatever she can to help you.  The class was ridiculously easy and we only had 2 tests and a final the whole semester.  She's super sweet and pretty funny, if you can definitely take a class with her!
1.0 : Focarile will always send back your writing, claiming it's not nearly good enough and will give you F's. Even if you read the directions clearly and thoroughly. If she doesn't like it you wont get the grade. She was also super condescending on my discussion board posts.
1.0 : I love theatre, but I wouldn't recommend this class with Teresa. The class is graded on 2 play reviews, lots of play responses, a few tests, and participation points. She gives you vague instructions and then marks you down on your work with the feedback "This isn't what I was looking for." Class is easy, but she's too tough on stupid busywork.
4.5 : Professor Focarile was fantastic. She made a point of learning ALL of her 80+ student's names the first week of classes. She is also willing to work with you if you have concerns. I enjoyed her class and would recommend her as a teacher. :)
5.0 : If you're looking for an easy A without learning very much, Blaine is not for you. If you are interested in learning C++ and being able to actually use what you've learned, then enroll in Blaine's course. If you have no prior coding experience, this course will require many hours. College is expensive, Blaine helps you get what you paid for.
5.0 : If you are interested in learning and passing the class, Blaine is the guy to take. He makes extra time out of class to come to the lab and make sure all of his students understand the material, and he's always open to questions. It's one of the harder 100 level classes you could take though.
5.0 : Blaine was not my actual instructor for Cs117, but he took his time to tutor myself and several others so we had a chance of passing our class. We had a very poor instructor and Blaine came in for NO PAY and took time to help all of us. He can teach you more in one hour a week then most instructors.
5.0 : I love taking courses from dr. henderson.  She is inspirational.  Relates material to the class in real world examples and is easy to get a long with. Down to earth and makes clear guidelines.  You do the work and will be rewarded.
4.5 : She brings great energy to the classroom! Do all of the Blackboard assignments and don't forget to do the Participation Assignments!
4.5 : She was outstanding! Very engaging and enthusiastic. She did great at answering questions and used her knowledge to make the class easier with cues and small daily activities. She is a wonderful professor.
4.0 : Professor Henderson was easily the most prepared, educated, and helpful teacher i have ever had.  She (and her TAs) graded on time, gave great feedback, and were very specific.  She was very specific!  Her class is a lot of work.  Timed essays, weekly quizzes, and lengthy exams, but she prepares you immensely!!
5.0 : She was hilarious and knew how to tell a funny story while teaching. Easy to contact and is always answering questions! A great professor who is easy to learn from.
5.0 : Henderson is an amazing professor. Her lectures are amazing, they keep you involved and are interesting and usually really funny. There's a good amount of work, but as long as you check the syllabus for when stuff is due youll be fine. She teaches it really well, but work is a little hard. If you want to enjoy psychology, take Henderson fr sure
2.5 : You basically have to teach yourself everything in this class.  Jesse gives out a group activity at the start of class and just expects you to figure it out.  He rarely explains concepts.  On the bright side, he gives lots of extra credit and is lenient on grading.  If you aren't strong in math, I recommend taking another professor.
2.5 : This class you have to completely teach yourself. I don't think it's Jesse's fault it's how bsu's stats department is set up. You do everything with an assigned group. You watch sort of helpful videos at home and then come to class and try to apply what you've learned to a group assignment, don't take if you can't teach yourself, or get a bad group
5.0 : Jesse is an amazing teacher! He takes his time and goes step by step with every question. There are only 3 tests, no quizzes! And the group tests only help you! They improve your individual score! I would take him again in a heart beat! And the homework is nothing compared to Aleks! If you have the chance to take him! DO IT! You won't regret it!
5.0 : Jesse is awesome!!! I am going to take him for stats too... I don't think I would have passed 143 if it were not for him. Everything is on paper. No online programs. Gives extra credit and gives 3 exams, each one you take an individual portion and a group portion. Gives credit for coming to class--- so go.
4.0 : Jesse was very helpful and knowledgeable about the subject. His tests were essentially straight from the reviews, and they were pretty easy compared to the homework assignments. Attendance counts toward your grade, so skipping class is not a good idea.
4.5 : Tillotson is super helpful and takes the time to make sure that everyone understands the material. He explains concepts so that they are much easier to understand. No quizzes, 4 tests including the final, show your work as much as possible, and studying for tests will earn you a B or an A easily
5.0 : Easily one of the best math teachers I have ever had. Is always willing to stay after to help you out with any questions or concerns you have. Like stated, if you do your work, use the study guides he provides it's an easy pass.
5.0 : He has a heart of gold and he is the best math professor i have had at this school. There are no surprises, he will let you know exactly what he expects from you and when its due. No quizzes! 3 math tests. Just show up to his class and do your homework!
5.0 : This teacher has a heart of gold and it reflects on his students. No QUIZZES, 3 TESTS!Show up and do you homework, you will do fine!
5.0 : Supper chill teacher, easy lectures, practice tests that are EXACTLY like the real test. HW really helps you learn the material too and he has realistic due dates.
4.5 : Great professor, he is very straightforward on test and very helpful in problems :),just finish homework and study review then test will be piece of cake.
4.5 : Jesse is great processor, very helpful on homework, also straightforward in what he wants in test. Do homework and study you will do just fine in this class
5.0 : He is the best instructor I have ever taken with a math class. I have took from math 025 until that class, and I am not exaggerating if i said he is the best. 1. He explain every thing and go through the problems step by step. 2. He is very fair with the great and generous with grades by giving extra credits. 3. He help each students. the best one.
3.0 : Jesse is super quirky - but teaches the concepts your need. He is more than fair with grading. It's all group projects, but they aren't tough. He gives good material for review and the tests are not hard if you've done the hw.
1.0 : Lectures are very scattered. He inundates you with lots of new material in the form of a slide show and doesn't explain further. Never does work with you in class, thus doesn't explain the 'how to'. Is a very picky grader, but there is no clear grading criteria for projects. Simply copies question from a very mathy hard to understand book. AVOID.
4.0 : Jesse is willing to work with you on anything you need help with, but he encourages you to reach out to your group that you are placed in. Math is not my strong suit, but I did not feel completely lost throughout the semester so I think that says something about his teaching style. He is very knowledgable and is a bit awkward, but he is very nice.
3.0 : For his stats class, he usually is extremely flexible about what is acceptable on the projects that you do. Whats nice about his class is that he does study guides that pretty much are word for word on the exam. They are so helpful! And he's super nice!
4.5 : This teacher is awesome! He makes it almost impossible to fail the class. 10 points are awarded each week if you show up for participation and 5 for test weeks! Sometimes he confuses himself when explaining material but he truly is a great teacher who cares about every single students grade. Show up and be respectful and you'll get a B at least!
4.5 : Jesse uses online LaunchPad (no Blackboard, yay!), a great site which also includes the eBook, DO NOT PURCHASE THE TEXTBOOK. In-class group work almost every day, worth a good 10th of your grade. He is very helpful. Fairly clear, but sometimes gets confused about what the student is asking. So feel free to question or slow him down to get on track.
2.5 : Jesse doesn't even lecture in class. You show up and sit with your assigned group and he gives you an assignment and says figure it out. He assigns online videos that you must watch that are really pointless and the overall class is just dumb. He's not organized and will only give 2 assignments per group so be prepared to share and not have a copy.
4.0 : Jesse is very smart and knows the material. You must be patient when asking a question, it takes him a while to answer it and gets off subject. Show up to class, do your group work, review study guide for exam and you are guaranteed an A or B. On top of that he is always willing to help you in class or even out of class which is a nice option.
5.0 : She is SO helpful with any and every question.  It requires some work because it is a quick 10 week class but if you stick to it, it is very easy.
5.0 : awesome class
5.0 : Great, step by step process to learning how to properly program web pages.  Helpful, informative, and knows his stuff.  Great!
4.5 : I greatly appreciated the opportunity to learn from Conrad. He knew his content very well and explained it clearly to us. The project that was required was applicable and can be used in real life. I wouldn't have been able to learn nearly as much on my own.
4.0 : He is a dream. Such a stud. Best teacher ever!
4.0 : Max is an awesome instructor.  He brings a lot of real life knowledge to the table.  Attend his lectures and watch his videos and you should do well in the course.  His tests are pretty difficult, but he is willing to give points back on questions that had flaws.  Very sweet guy.  He really cares about each of his students.
2.5 : Vague look at history of poetry, some interesting texts. No constructive criticism or exercises. Talking to authors (i.e.: his friends) was interesting but not enough. Overall, Zeke seems to be more preoccupied with being a bookish, quirky brohipster than developing an interesting and meaningful surveyworkshop. If you want easy, take this.
5.0 : Dr. Conlon is great! He loves helping his students, but don't ask any questions that are already answered in his syllabus. He is quirky and makes super cheesy jokes. He really loves the subject and he keeps us interested! I highly recommend him.
5.0 : Dr. Conlon is probably one of the best teachers that you could ever have at BSU. I would take any of his classes again in a heart beat. Go to class, read his PPT, the homework isn't that hard, and you will do fine!
5.0 : Kyle is the best teacher I have had in my entire life HANDS DOWN. He is EXTREMELY knowledgeable on the subject matter and very passionate which makes for an amazing experience as a student. He genuinely WANTS you to learn, and makes sure the environment is right for it (no technology allowed). He is hilarious and his class is easy if you attend!
5.0 : Kyle is the BEST teacher I have ever experienced! If you have the chance to take his class do it! He made learning so much fun. This was my last semester in college otherwise I would take more classes with Kyle he is amazing!
4.0 : She's a great teacher, had her for 102. She goes through each unit with you and gives very good feedback. If you go to her office or email her with a question she responds within 30 minutes. There is quite a bbit of reading but its doable and the reading responses are very short and easy. Good class just show up everyday and you'll pass easy.
4.5 : Jessica is great! I have her for ENGL 101 right now and I plan on taking her class for ENGL 102. She is extremely helpful, her standards for her class are very straight forward. We do a lot of peer-grading which is helpful and she is constantly walking around the room asking what we need help with. She is as fair as they come.
5.0 : Jessica Ewing is my favorite professor and was super helpful with everything. She is all about the student and was a great english teacher.
4.5 : Jessica is super sweet and is there to help her students 247. She gives quite a few small assignments so your grade in the class doesn't depend on 1 or 2 major assignments. If you miss a class or an assignment she gives you opportunities to make them up. Overall, it was a pretty easy A.
4.0 : Sam is a really great professor. He makes it easy for you to explore mathematical concepts that you want. This class is required for math majors, and it is mainly geared towards getting students ready for research. I had a blast with this class, and it confirmed my love for mathematics. Definitely take it from him if you're interested in research.
5.0 : Sam is a wonderful professor! He's funny and you can tell that he really cares about what he's teaching. He made me remember that I don't hate math! He's a good option for those who want some learning assistance because he's always willing to answer questions and talk to you one-on-one.  Definitely recommend!!
5.0 : Great teacher, easy to follow, homework every class, but the assignments were never too long or difficult.
4.5 : Three words - " I love him," he was the best at making the class fun and interesting, this maybe had some to do with my positive aura and bias for loving linear algebra. He was always available for office time and was the most helpful and easy going than I expected. Highly recommended teacher!
5.0 : Lacey is awesome. She's like a writing mentor that gives you a grade, but invests a lot of time and comments on your work. Super open-minded and relaxed, would take her again!
5.0 : A must for anyone who enjoys creative writing, or reading regardless of your major. It's a great way to gain insight of how stories are weaves. Lacey was great at explaining and concepts and took time to make sure everyone understood. She's east coast, so there was a little coldness at times, but super awesome instructor.
4.5 : Greatest teacher EVER!!
4.0 : Great teacher! Very personable and fun. Interesting class.
5.0 : There are a lot of speeches, as expected in a comm 101 class. She tries her best to make you feel comfortable for the speeches and she's really helpful and understanding. One of my favorite professors I've had.
5.0 : Teresa Kunz is by far my favorite teacher that I have ever had!!! She is so nice and always there for you. This class is an EASY A as long as you complete the assignments and try. She loves students who speak their mind and participate. She goes the extra mile and made me felt like she really cared about me as a person and student. TAKE THIS CLASS!
5.0 : Read the book, go to class, and you will pass. It's simple information to retain and Mrs. Kunz does a great job explaining and offering personalized situation in which the topics would apply.
5.0 : she is just amazing just go to class and do your homework. trust me you just you will be happy about yourself in the end of the semester.
1.0 : I wrote more papers in this class than both my English classes combined. Most comm classes have one speech. She had 5 speeches. She once gave us a 0 for not doing an assignment on the syllabus that she never mentioned. Then we did an assignment on the syllabus she never mentioned and wouldnt give us credit for it. I got a 89.86% and would not round
5.0 : DUUUUUUUDE TAKE HER SHES FREAK'N AWESOME AND HARD BUT GUARANTEE YOU WILL LOVE HER CLASS, SO YEAA BRUHH TAKE HER
5.0 : I love her! She is very helpful. She is very big on attendance if your late or leave early you get marked down. She understands when your sick and will let you present next class. You do one group project in this class and she gives you 2 class days to meet with them. Tests aren't to bad. Take notes in class and read the book.
5.0 : Very cool teacher! If you read the textbook you'll pass her class with flying colors. Speeches are easy, but the test are kind of hard
5.0 : Teresa is by far one of the best teachers I have had in my entire college career. She can be strict, but she always understands that everyone is going through something and you just have to talk with her. Be respectful to her and she will be respectful to you. She truly cares about her students and wants to see them all succeed! Will take again!
5.0 : She is super sweet and cares a lot about her students and their success. As long as you give all of your effort you will pass. The tests and quizzes are pretty hard. The speeches are pretty easy as long as you follow the rubric. She's really flexible with things so if you have a problem, just ask.
3.0 : Teresa is great. She is the most friendly and helpful professor. She cares about her students and this was a fun class. It wasn't too much work and her tests were take home which was SUPER nice. Most of the class is just discussion about family and all aspects of it. It was really interesting and I enjoyed it. I definitely recommend it.
5.0 : Teresa was the best professor I had all semester! She makes the classroom a very comfortable learning environment. Her tests can be difficult, but her in-class lectures are the best part of this class. She makes a connection between each aspect of communication, and genuinely cares about her students. 10/10
5.0 : Dr. Touchton is a very good professor! He seems like a very nice person and is always willing to help or answer questions about assignments! As you know 398 is not always the most fun, but the way the class is broken down makes it reasonable. Open book, open note exams, one long essay, and many parts of the essay are due prior. Recommended!
5.0 : I took a few undergraduate courses from him as well and he is an amazing professor. Very knowledgeable. Great feedback. Easily accessible. Can break down complex ideas into more simplified forms. Encouraged class discussions.
5.0 : By far the best teacher I have ever had, met, or known! Great man where you actually enjoy the material! Helps you with everything and is very fair.
5.0 : the best math teacher I've ever had
4.0 : Clear guidelines and instruction. Provides good examples and clear information on what he's expecting. The class was fun and well organized. Provided grades and feedback in a timely manner and allowed time to correct them. Final project was a gradual process with many opportunities for feedback and growth.
5.0 : Everything anyone could want in a professor!  Lacey was kind, funny, and patient as we learn new skills, but is determined to truly teach the material.  She doesn't use powerpoint programs or videos.  She presents new skills and ideas in a competent and clear manner, encouraging you to open up in a safe environment about real conflict in your life.
5.0 : Best teacher ever!!
5.0 : Very clear about everything from material on tests to speech rubric. Her lectures make you wanna go to class every week.
5.0 : Dr. Hodges knows her stuff and is extremely friendly. My opinion never affected my grade. This class is really easy, though. Read the chapter, follow the study guide, and show up to class and you should pass. I learned a lot from her.
5.0 : Prof Demp's is the Indiana Jones of Cultural Anthropology. Lectures were educational and entertaining. She gets the class involved for activities through out the semester.
3.5 : Dr. Demps is very pleasant. She provides an interesting life historybiological perspective to cultural anthropolological topics. Discussions are common in this course. Demps is an extremely easy grader.
5.0 : This class was very interesting and I learned a great deal from our reading material, online lecture videos and our group conversations. It was a lot to keep up with over the shortened summer session and I wouldn't suggest taking other classes with it. This is one of my favorite courses taken at BSU. Dr. Demps is a fantastic professor!
5.0 : One of the best teachers at BSU. She cares about your success but also lets you be responsible for your own work. Instead of giving you a bunch time consuming and unnecessary homework, She actually gives you a few main projects that are much more valuable for your learning process. It allows you to go into more depth with higher quality.
5.0 : Hunter is an awesome lab instructor. He presents the content clearly and lets you know exactly what will be expected of you on quizzes and exams. His power points include everything you need to know.  He doesn't make his quizzes ridiculously hard like other lab instructors and always provides a word bank. Take your lab from him if possible!
4.5 : There is a lot of memorizing because of the type of class but the teacher CLEARLY lines out everything she is putting on the test. There is homework but its really easy and all on an online database type setting. Driving out to Mountain Home sucked but the teacher is totally worth it. One of the Hardest classes at BSU and I passed with an A.
5.0 : She is soooooo easy. She gives you word-for-word the questions and answers on the tests in the online quizzes. She also gives you every figure that will needed to be labeled on the tests. Literally the easiest class I have done in my college career so far.
4.5 : She usually teaches A&amp;P in Mountain Home at night. She's a wonderful instructor. She tells you exactly what you need to know.
4.0 : I took her for Bio 227 &amp; 228 because she is very clear with grading and assignments. Her tests require a LOT of memorization, and I wasn't able to get anything over a B on them (partially due to course load). She is willing to help and answers emails quickly.
5.0 : Lets you know what to study for on tests!
5.0 : Professor Larabee is an excellent lecturer! Show up to class and do the assignments and it's an easy A.  Attendance counts as participation points and some lectures include extra credit opportunities.
5.0 : Professor Larabee is very professional. She does a great job lecturing and highlighting the points she thinks are important. This class is full of busy work, easy just a large volume of it for a 100 level class. Typical group research project due in the middle of the semester and 2 tests account for 70% of total grade.
5.0 : Take GB101 with Cheryl! She gives great lectures, even though the class material can be a bit boring. Make sure you come to class, and do all the homework. It's not hard, and the questions come right from the book!
5.0 : Easy class
5.0 : Cheryl was very helpful. If you ever have any issues just talk to her. She has lots of professional experience in the business world &amp; brings in some great speakers. Midterm and final are the review sheets. As long as you do the reviews (which are the chapter review questions) you will get an A.
5.0 : Absolutely amazing! Definitely one of my favorite professors ever! Tons of guest speakers!!
5.0 : As long as you do the weekly quizzes and do fairly well on the tests you will get an A in this class. There is barely any homework and they grade super easy. The lectures begin to feel boring late in the semester but overall aren't hard to sit through and are interactive. Attendance is mandatory but if you skip you won't miss any crucial info
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had! Awesome lectures and an inspiring woman! I thought classes were interesting to go to. The class isn't too difficult if you do all of your homework and go to class. If you're on the fence about a business major, this class gives you an understanding of all the opportunities! You'll learn a lot too!
5.0 : Cheryl is a great instructor. She's very nice and willing to help students who need it. She is a professional who knows the topics and she has plenty of real world examples. Guest speakers are great and provide useful information for beyond college. The group project is a bit of a pain, but grading is fair and even somewhat lenient.
4.0 : Get ready for a lot of homework and crowd participation. Personally, all of it was unnecessary work. Nonetheless, Professor Larabee, is really good.
4.5 : Buy the textbook. Going to class is not 100% mandatory because everything she lectures on is right out of the book. However, if there is a guest speaker scheduled, GO TO CLASS! The things I learned from the guest speakers rival anything I've learned from the class.
1.0 : This was an awful class environment. Everyone seemed to fight tooth and nail for every point. Make-ups are impossible to do. Didn't do it their way? Forget about the A. TAs police the other students on things like bicycles and headphones! Terrible. Terrible. Terrible. I hated the environment that was created.
3.0 : Extremely easy course. If you have any prior experience in business courses, you will find this to be an easy A. Attendance monitored via Clicker.
5.0 : Cheryl is an amazing professor! You can tell she really loves what she does and cares about her students. Lectures are informative and she brings in guests speakers from various fields, which is helpful when figuring out what area you want to go into. Show up to class, and it's an easy A.
4.0 : Professor Larabee, is very passionate about business and teaching the class. Her enthusiasm can be off putting at times though, but at at least she cares. For the most part the class is pretty easy, the reading quizzes are tedious but not hard, and the 2 tests that you take are relatively as long as you paid a shred of attention in class.
5.0 : Cheryl is so helpful and I can tell she loves what she does! She was one of my favorite professors for her attitude! Loved GB101!
4.0 : She's straight forward and doesn't mess around, she's also really easy to talk to and very helpful if you ask her questions.
3.0 : Cheryl is very engaging in class, and makes you be aware of people around you in order to interact with others around you. Her assignments are very easy to complete you just have to put an effort to complete them and she will giive you proper feedback on your papers.
3.5 : Good teacher, if you just do the assignments you will pass.
4.0 : In addition to her prominence in the local business community, Professor Larabee's experience and up-to-date expertise makes her a valuable addition to Boise State's College of Business and Economics.
4.0 : Professor Larabee is very organized, so that can be a little terrifying at first. However, overall the class is interesting and fairly easy. Beware of: speaking in class, lots of homework, lots of writing, and group projects. Reading: so long as you pay attention in lectures you should only have to skim the text. You will need to buy the book.
5.0 : By far the best professor I've ever had. She cares about her classes and is an inspirational leader.
4.0 : The class itself is cake, but Larabee is slightly obnoxious along with her sidekick who spends his time doing nothing more than cell phone monitoring. Study the guides for the tests, show up to class for the participation (clicker) grades and it's an easy A.
5.0 : Professor Larabee is quite possibly one of the greatest professors I have ever had! She has decades of real life business experience with quite a few national corporations, so she is well respected. The homework is easy, there's just a lot of it. Her lectures are amazing and engaging, with learning as the key focus. Definitely take her!
4.0 : She's fun.
5.0 : Cheryl is clearly prepared for every class and maintains a high pace classroom environment. There are online quizzes (5 pts each) due prior to each class in which answers can be found word-for-word in the textbook. The assignments are straightforward; as long as every direction is followed, you will get 100%. Good introductory class. Midterm &amp;Final
4.0 : She knows her stuff and wants to help students succeed, the in class lectures can be a little boring, but as long as you read on your own you'll keep up. Midterm and final are both multiple choice and the review packets basically have the same questions.
4.0 : Does a good job keeping a pretty boring and easy class as fun as possible. Some of the assignments are pretty pointless, but at least easy. Expect to learn the absolute most basic ideas of pretty much every business topic.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors so far. Very kind and incredibly professional. She is an excellent speaker, very knowledgeable, and has valuable and impressive experiences that she brings into the lecture. Class isn't difficult, mostly just chapter quizzes on readings that you can skim for answers 30 mins before the class, but still worth taking
4.5 : She is a rock star in business, has a lot of personal experience to draw from.
5.0 : Not only is professor larabee a great teacher, but over a icon on what to do with your life. She is very inspiring as a women in the business world. This gave me motivation in my field.
2.0 : Extra credit is so hard, 3 points for watching a lecture, and writing a full page paper in the correct format. I handed in EC but only got 1 mark for all the efforts i went to. Isn't helpful, good fun in class but it's a hard class.
5.0 : Great class glad I took it... helpful instructor always was available for my questions
5.0 : Dr. Zaid is one of the best professors I have ever had. I've taken many ECE courses and many professors simply give equations for you to memorize and half the time it is hard to understand the theory or where these equations come from. Dr. Zaid clearly explains/proves engineering relations in class  which makes it easier to learn and succeed.
4.5 : Wow!  Holy crap is Dr Zaid smart, easy to get lost in his derivations and theory.  Highly recommend going to every single class and taking notes.  Tests arent as bad as you might think they would be, make sure to study the practice tests he gives.  Overall very smart guy and a great prof, wish the rest of the EE department cared like he does.
5.0 : Dr. Said is like an Algerian genius bulldog of a man and a great teacher to boot. I thought his class was great, and I'm going to miss his Saidy witticisms.
5.0 : He is the best prof in the ECE department. Simply, I knew some EE's students have changed their career to power, so they can take more classes with him! He is clear about what he wants you to learn from the class. Absolutely recommended!
4.5 : If you have to take PSYC 101 or even have the option to, I highly HIGHLY recommend taking it from Kim! She is awesome and it was literally the easiest class I have ever taken! All the quizzes and tests are online through blackboard. You're doing yourself a favor taking psych from kim.
4.5 : Intro to counseling was so easy with Kim! 2 exams and one final (the final was just questions from the previous two exams), one reflection paper, and you can choose to either attend three free counseling sessions OR write a research paper (obviously everyone did the sessions). Easy to get an A and fun environment. She was great and you learn a lot!
3.0 : The exams are easy because you get to use your notes and textbook, however they are long. She doesn't provide specific guidelines for the essay and doesn't utilize Blackboard for grades or to post material.
5.0 : took the class during the summer so it may differ in regular semesters. No homework and the exams were take home but believe me, weren't really easy, they take 2-3 hours to complete, other then that you write a paper about where you think personality comes from She's awesome and really laid back. Pretty cool class, I would definitely recommend Kim!
5.0 : She is awesome, helpful, and great
3.0 : Kim is hilarious and so fun. She tries to get the class involved by asking questions and letting you state your opinion which can be awesome. The lectures can be boring if you don't participate but they aren't mandatory. The tests are all online and open note and book. If you take notes and read the book you can pass.
4.0 : This was my favorite class freshman year. All quiz's, exams, and assignments were open note and online. Literally just show up she will give you extra points for your tests. But make sure to read or else you won't know what the hell she is talking about. Super easy to talk to as well! Favorite teacher.
4.5 : Great professor- she is super nice and it's evident that she cares about helping students do well.  Tests are long, but open note &amp; book so not too difficult.  One writing assignment about where you think personality comes from.  I highly recommend taking this class!
5.0 : EASIEST CLASS I HAVE EVER TAKEN. Even though this was a regular class, all tests an quizzes were done online. Never any homework.
5.0 : Jon Scaggs teaches the chem-majors-only section of Organic Chemistry lab. His class is more challenging than the rest of the O. Chem labs. He expects more and will assign more demanding write-ups. If you are a chemistry major, it's worth it. He's an excellent instructor and you will know how to organic chemistry by the end of it!
4.0 : This dude does an amazing job at making sure young-aspiring chemists flourish if they're willing to put. in. the. work. Yep, a lot of work. Communication is your best friend with this lab professor. If you struggle with lecture, I wouldn't recommend him as you easily start spending an EXTRA 10 hours on lab reports! Which are sometimes due weekly.
5.0 : As far as I know, Jon instructs the organic chemistry lab sessions for chemistry majors when it is available.  With that in mind, he expected much more of us and we were given more researchlab experimentation opportunities than other students.  If you are a student that wants to excel in chemistry, take Jon's challenging course.
5.0 : I had Jon for both CHEM308 and CHEM310; both were challenging and perfect for preparing a chemistry major for future chemistry courses and a career in chemistry.  We were given further experimentation and scientific papers to write outside of our three hour lab section, which was invaluable experience for our college and scientific careers.
5.0 : Jon was one of the best lab instructors I've had! He gives students free reign to figure things out, but is willing to help when approached. I easily received an A in this class, though I've heard a lot of people struggled. This is an upper division lab, if you come prepared and ready to go, you will have no problems!
5.0 : He is a great processor. Help whenever needed and easy to understand
5.0 : Most of his class is online, but he explains things so well. I'm not good at math and I've never been more confident in a math class. He's super funny and a total hippie. I would take his class again.
4.0 : Desiree is friggin fantastic. She made an early class so worth it, and so interesting. Hates phone use in class but lectures are so funny and fascinating it's not hard to leave your phone alone. 1010
5.0 : Desiree is hilarious and does a great job teaching the class. It's pretty easy, just involves a lot of homework like outlines of chapters, quizzes, and homework questions. She has some pretty fun in class activities. I recommend the half online/half in class hybrid.
4.5 : She is cool and laid-back. The readings are interesting, but the weekly reflections and outlines can be time consuming. the final consists of a five page paper and a presentation. Do your work, go to class, and you'll most likely get a B or A.
5.0 : Desiree is one of my favorite professors at Boise state! She is really engaging and never actually lectures but relays information in a way that is involving. You will need the book and attendance is mandatory especially if you take her hybrid class because homework is assigned. 11/10 recommended
5.0 : I have take. SOC 101 and SOC 230 from Desiree. She is absolutely phenomenal. Best college professor I have had in my 3 years of college. Very knowledgable about sociology, and she makes it interesting and relates it to current issues. Forgot to hand in a final project on the due date. She emailed me and met me at a coffee shop so I could hand it in
4.5 : Desiree is so funny! I took the hybrid class and the one day I had to go in was always so much fun. She teaches in a way where you retain the information but have fun while doing it. Would recommend her to anyone!
4.0 : Desiree is awesome. I had no interest in sociology but her class was still fun.
1.0 : I don't know what everyone else sees in her. I'm a good student and I know a terrible professor when I see one. She has zero respect for her students and just gives assignment after assignment.
1.0 : Her class is super confusing. If you have to take it, take it online, you won't have to deal with her rude demeanor. She is disrespectful of her students. Gives major outline assignment of 50+page chapters, packet of essay questions, and quizzes. You basically teach the course yourself. Hardest 101 course I've ever taken. Very dumb
4.0 : Desiree can be disrespectful at times and she tries to be funny too often, but overall I think she is a good professor. She is very engaging and keeps the class flowing. I took the hybrid course, and the work load is fairly easy. You turn in a chapter outline and quiz from the book, then a written assignment in class. I enjoy her class.
5.0 : Desiree was a very awesome teacher, she is extremely personable and is understanding. Only grades were weekly chapter outlines, quizzes over the chapters and answering 9-12 questions that would be due the next time we met, 2 tests &amp; 2 summaries over a book. If you put in the time &amp; do the assignments youll pass with flying colors. Very easy course
5.0 : Not a terribly difficult class and Brunette is funny and it makes class interesting. It does have required service learning hours, as well as 2 good sized projects that make up a majority of the points for the semester. No exams though, so that's nice! And don't expect no reading, because there are assignments that go along with the readings.
5.0 : Desiree is by far one of the most entertaining teachers I have had! Her lectures are always filled with laughs and she makes you feel super comfortable voicing your opinion or ideas on subjects. This class is easy to pass if you just keep up to date on the chapter quizzes and outlines. If you're looking for a fun and easy class this is your ticket.
4.0 : Desiree teaches SOC 101 in a fun way. The course was hybrid, so expect to meet once a week while all other work is done online. It's not hard, just show up and learn the material. The tests are 100 questions, only a midterm and a final. I would recommend. P.S. Does NOT allow electronics at all. Don't use your phone.
5.0 : You must participate in Discussion boards to get credit.
4.0 : Good class! Desiree makes it even more  fun because she adds in activities during class time, and is pretty much always telling jokes. :) There's lots of reading, but luckily it's mostly interesting stuff! The quizzes and tests are self-explanatory as long as you actually read. I would take this class again!
4.0 : Brittany was an excellent teacher. She balanced the hard science of the course with the relevancy to our lives as students and people. Her expectations were clear and she was highly supportive when students did not understand a particular concept. Would definitely take a class from her again.
5.0 : Brittany was an incredible instructor. I had very little interest in the course before taking it, but her passion for what she teaches is totally contagious. She made it fun, interesting, and applicable to our lives. Hands down one of the best courses I have taken.
5.0 : Brittany is an awesome and enthusiastic teacher. She is very passionate about volcanoes and passes the excitment on to her students. She was a great teacher who truely cared about the success of all her students in her class and in life. I recommend Volcanoes and Society to any student, whether you are initially interested in the subject or not.
4.5 : I would recommend Britt to anyone! She is so passionate about volcanology and can get any person in any major excited and interested. I learned a lot in her class and felt that all the work, projects, group work and tests were fair and relevant. One of the best professors I have had out of my 5 years here, you won't be disappointed.
4.5 : She led such an engaging, exciting class, and her passion for Volcanology was highly contagious. Her teaching style reaches all types of learners with lots of activities. She was willing to help in every way to clarify any topic where I was confused. She and her class are major reasons why I am pursuing a career in Volcanology.
5.0 : Best class ever
5.0 : I had her 3 years ago. She was awesome. She loved the material and always offered help to students. Get her if she is still teaching!  (I'm in nursing school now)
5.0 : Sam is a great instructor. She seemed excited about the material and genuinely wanted us to succeed. Hoping to take the second half from her.
3.5 : LOT OF HOMEWORK so be okay with using your textbook. She is really nice but there was a ton of projects for the class and the class itself repeated a lot of information over and over again. Good class but I am glad its over. Easy to pass class just wasn't very interesting.
4.5 : Stef was honestly one of the most influential teachers I've ever had here at Boise State. She has the biggest heart and is incredibly passionate about ASL. You will have homework! No question. If you're looking to slide through this class easy  breezy I wouldn't take it from her but if you really want to know your stuff she's the absolute BEST!
5.0 : Stef is a great teacher and always comes to class w/ a bright smile. The homework load is pretty heavy but once you get into the swing of things it gets much easier. She is very caring and wants everyone to succeed. Make sure to show up to class and ask questions if you're confused because it is easy to fall behind fast.
5.0 : A teacher who is passionate about her job and who is very passionate about others getting involved in the Deaf community.  Every time a holiday comes around she dresses for the occasion (you'll know what I mean if you take her class), and it's pretty adorable.  Just overall a wonderful &amp; understanding teacher. I highly recommend you take her class.
4.0 : awesome teacher
4.0 : Sometimes can be unclear in class, but if you go to his office hours he is more than willing to spend the time to make it clear.  Emailed him 2 days before the final to get some clarification and he went out of his way to make time for more office hours.  One of those teachers who truly does care how his class is doing.  Would take again.
4.0 : Hao Chen is outstanding. He's funny, bright, fair, helpful, and loves the subject matter. Some people in my class complained that he is hard to understand, but I never had this problem. The material in this course is very difficult, but he knows that and grades accordingly. He gives lots of partial credit and even a "bonus test"! Lab is bad though.
5.0 : Professor Kipp is a great educator.  Union Labor lectures can be pretty boring, but he makes is enjoyable.  He is funny, lighthearted, but is tough on making sure you learn the information.  Uses quizzes and tests combined with a group union negotiation presentation.  5 stars for Professor Kipp.
5.0 : Very interesting lectures. This teacher has a lot of great experiences and is very knowledgeable on the subject of Human Resource Management. I would recommend him to anyone.
5.0 : Steve Kipp is an INCREDIBLE professor. Really cares about his students and their success. He relates the class to real life experiences and it's so helpful. I truly didnt want this class to end. There's about 5 tests and a huge group project at the end of the semester but it's easy! TAKE THIS CLASS
5.0 : Easiest level 300 class I've ever taken. Great instructor, let's you know exactly what to expect for tests and he lectures in a way where it's interesting and fun. Group project can be fun if you think outside the box. Definitely take HRM 305 from him.
5.0 : Kipp is the BEST! It's half way through the semester and we haven't had any homework. He just asks you to bring in an article from the web every now and then pertaining to the topic that is being covered that day.  You do have to show up to class, although he doesn't take attendance, he covers the test very well in class. It's HARD to NOT do well!
4.0 : Steve is a great professor and happy to help students.  I would take another class from him!
5.0 : Professor Kipp is down to earth, extremely helpful, understanding, and knowledgeable. Kipp has real world experience in his field and not just theory . He makes his class material relevant and applicable to the real world. The tests are fair and he helps you prepare to be successful. One of the best professors I've had.
5.0 : He's a great teacher and tells you exactly whats going to be on the test. Lectures are tied in with the book and his real life experiences and encourages the class to discuss about the lecture. You must attend his classes to pass his test because he will pretty much tell you exactly whats going to be on the exam.
5.0 : Excellent course taught by an excellent professor, Steve really knows his stuff and is passionate about teaching.  Follow his instructions and you will do well in class.  Attendance is not mandatory, but highly recommended.  Besides, his lectures are so interesting, you won't want to miss them.
5.0 : Kelly was fantastic! You get what you put in. Do not expect a C+ for showing up. She's one of the most challenging professors I've ever had, but she's definitely also one of the best professors I've ever had.
4.5 : Kelly is one of the best professors at Boise State. She fosters an environment of creativity and learning and genuinely cares about her students. People want to do well in her class because she is so amazing, how could you not?
5.0 : Amazing. Brilliant. Loves the subject of writing and is always there for her students. Works with deadlines too.
5.0 : Great teacher and I learned a lot.  However, she will challenge you.
4.5 : This class was amazing.
5.0 : She is honestly one of the best professors I have ever had. Not only is she passionate about her work, but she appreciates and encourages passion in her students. She encourages group discussion and feedback in a way that creates a truly welcoming environment for everyone. Don't be mistaken, the work is hard and she expects a lot, but it's worth it
5.0 : Dr Myers is one of the best professors I have ever had at Boise State. She  is passionate about her work, open to comments on her teaching or assignments, and more than willing to meet outside of class to provide clarification on assignments or grades. Dr Myers empowers her students and makes them feel like their voices matter. SHE IS AMAZING!!!!!
5.0 : Dr. Myers is an amazing professor! She is super down to Earth and is very respectable. If you ever have a 1 on 1 conversation with her, there is no shortage of comments making you feel like your work was amazing, appreciated, and respected. One of my favorite Professors on campus, and easy to look at too ;)
4.0 : Applequist's first language is French, so needless to say she knows her stuff. There is a LOT to learn is very little time, so this isn't an easy filler class. It takes time to study - I mean, it's a foreign language. Applequist is very helpful, but sometimes she's hard to understand. Lots of quizzes, and some tests. Study!
4.5 : You will write papers. She will grade based on difficulty you had. She is awesome teacher.
4.5 : Professor Kovach is awesome. Very helpful and cares about the subject she is teaching.
3.5 : Good teacher really wants to help out students and actually cares, gives second chances.  Give out a lot of work but not enough to make you overwhelmed as long as you stay on top of it.  DONT MISS CLASS she changes things a lot missing a day can put you way behind and not able to catch up easily.  overall i'd recommend her.
4.0 : She's a fair grader. The class is not hard if you stay track with the work and participate, but if you skip class a lot, you won't pass. She's very helpful and works with the students. It's not an easy A, but as long as you put in the effort she'll pass you. I'd take her again.
3.5 : Amber is very nice and really cares about her students. She changes around assignments regularly, so its important you go to class. She assigns a decent amount of work, but if you get it done you will get a passing grade.
4.5 : Great teacher! Strives to make sure that her students succeed. Willing to put in the extra effort to help you understand; all you have to do is ask. Goes above and beyond.
5.0 : She's an awsome teacher.
5.0 : Hang down one of the best English professor
5.0 : Amber is by far the best professor I've had as BSU. She truly cares about you as a student. She gives you countless tools, resources, and opportunities to find success not only inside her class but with life. She is very inspiring and her class taught me more than just "writing about writing" she helped me discover who I want to and can be in life.
5.0 : Amber is awesome! Attendance and Participation do matter. She gives great feedback on your work and she is always there to help. She is a genuine person and a great teacher. Put in the effort and this will be an easy class.
2.0 : This course had a lot of projects and assignments.  We had irrelevant chats frequently. If looking for a basic take it-get the info &amp; move to study for other classes avoid this section! If you fancy dilly dallying go for it. She can teach-time consuming though.
4.0 : Not your typical English class. Amber encourages us to think outside the box and she does so in a fun way. Lots of little assignments, but they all tie into the essays. Super nice and helpful. Would recommend.
5.0 : Amber is a wonderful person and an amazing professor. She made me fall in love with English. It isn't a class that you can just show up to and pass, but if you want to learn something and get what you are paying for, take this class.
4.0 : Her class is easy to get an A if you are involved and take corrections seriously. Her grading criteria is very clear. She wants you to pass with a good grade.
5.0 : I love this class, is make me to learn English more when i'm in this class.
4.0 : Amber is a fairly laid-back professor that expects a lot from her students. She assigns quite a lot of readings that are usually helpful. She seems to like walking her students through what needs to get done which is nice. Over all, I would take her again.
5.0 : Amber is the best English teacher I've ever had. She is super lenient on assignments and truly cares about each of her students. She is also super cool and funny!
5.0 : Amber is amazing! She is very dynamic and fun to learn from. Does not assign that much work. Three essays for the whole semester that she gives you a lot of time in class to work on and long time to do. She clearly loves her students and wants the best for everyone. Very understanding. Sends out an email after every class explaining homework!!
4.5 : The 3 essays in this class are open ended and allow plenty of room for creativity. The 1hr 15min class can drag on at times, but Amber gives you lots of material to work with. Needs more cow bell.
4.0 : She was a super awesome teacher. Go to class though or you will miss important information. don't be afraid to ask her for help
5.0 : She's so cute and funny. Helpful, and concerned about student success!
4.0 : If English is the last class you want to take then take it with her. She is very helpful and really cares about her students and actually tries to make the class easy. She also gives out up to 25 points of extra credit.
5.0 : Best teacher I've ever had. Always clear on the assignments, and projects. You must show up to class to know what is going on. Overall, she is the best teacher I have ever had, and she is so helpful. I would take her class any day.
5.0 : Amber definitely doesn't "dilly dally". The conversations are relevant and she is very connected with her students and our 102 class had a lot of fun. Projects are easily explained, definitely do-able, you really get to know her and other students throughout the class. She really is a fun teacher(:
5.0 : Amber is absolutely great. English 102 isn't really something to get excited about, yet she does make it interesting. Here is a tip for ya, if you engage with her when she talks to the class, then you will begin to enjoy yourself. She is very helpful. Show up and connect with her and you will have fun and actually enjoy writing research papers. -J
5.0 : Amber is a fantastic professor! I started the semester thinking I'd barely pass by. But! She was always willing to give great feedback on papers and made sure everyone knew what they were supposed to do on the assignments. Each journal or assignment in class was geared towards the final goal. If you go to class, the class isn't hard to pass at all.
5.0 : Amber is such an awesome teacher! She is super helpful and always makes sure each and every student understands the prompt or assignment. She  gives out a good amount of extra credit and even makes it contribute to a charity. I really enjoyed having Amber as a teacher and would take any class she teaches.
4.5 : Amber truly cares about all of her students, and wants them to be successful. She is always willing to help out after class, and tries to make sure that everyones input gets shared. I really liked her class, and felt like she made writing research papers as smooth as it can get. If you have questions, just ask her. She's really approachable.
5.0 : Professor Stewart makes class fun and interesting even if you hate English and don't like writing papers at all. She will go out of her way to help you if you want it. She's pretty funny too.
5.0 : Normally I hate every English class I take, but this one wasn't so bad. There is a reading assigned before every class and you have to write a response to go with it, but it usually just requires you to share your opinion. For the major projects, she goes through them very thoroughly and gives class time to work on thempeer reviewask questions.
5.0 : Professor Stewart was my favorite professor's by far this semester. She is always open to helping her student's and answering any questions you have. If you have the option to take her class, DO IT.
5.0 : Took her for ENGL 102. Very nice and easy to pass her class. Only 100 points for the semester and two major parts to do. There is homework online after every class but it was very easy and will help you in the large assignments.
5.0 : This class is a lot of work but not so much work that you're up all night stressing over it. There's typically a good 5 pages of reading to do a night and then a response to turn in. She's an easy grader and understands how stressful college is. She's easy to work with and tries to make things easier. She lets you pick your essay topics.
5.0 : Professor Stewart is an amazing lecturer and really enjoys her job. Her grading is fair and there are reading assignments after every class, but they are not hard. She also does a lot of discussion groups and interactive activities as a class which is fun. Overall, I would take her again!
5.0 : Amanda is probably the best professor I've ever had. Fairly easy grader and very nice person. Very helpful with papers if you stop by her office hours. And not to mention she is hilarious.
5.0 : I hate writing and failed this class before so I really dreaded taking it again. Well it was my favorite class this semester and actually in college. Miss Stewart was not just a fun professor but she actually really knew what she was talking about and helped with my writing. If you can TAKE HER.
3.5 : Professor Lang is so nice, his lectures are fun and you will understand the marketing concepts easily. The project wasn't hard at all, he have 5 quizzes and 5 assignments which he explain and you can easily do them in an hour or less. Read his lecture notes for the exam and you will pass.
5.0 : Great adjunct, would take another class from him, he knows his stuff.
5.0 : Kinda boring, but hot.
4.5 : Wonderfully intelligent teacher who was very interested in providing helpful feedback and encouraging students to discuss deep issues. I was really surprised how much I enjoyed this class given how much I disliked UF 100. There were 2 major essays, but there was plenty of time to write them and they were interesting topics.
4.0 : The class itself is interesting enough. There's only a couple of big assignments and while there's a lot of reading, if you pay attention in class you don't really need to do more than skim. He has a VERY strict attendance policy. The textbook and his opinions are bull. If you're part of any dominant group, be prepared to be called discriminatory.
4.0 : Prof. Recla's class has several projects due over the semester. His lectures got long and boring, but occasionally he incorporated some funny material to lighten it up. Grading was easy, but you must attend class because participation is a huge portion of the grade.
5.0 : Very charismatic! Lectures are interesting and he's got a great sense of humor. Participation is a must, and assigns several big projects throughout the term.
5.0 : Matt is a great teacher for UF 200. He knows that this is a mandatory class for students and therefore doesn't shove his love for the material down your throat. He takes initiative with his students and doesn't make them ask him for help first. He really helped clarify things for me and was super helpful just because I was trying, which was awesome
3.0 : Great guy and super easy class.
4.5 : Really good professor. Read what's required every week, or don't. I showed up every day and did fine without reading. Reading will help but if you pay attention during the lectures and take notes the tests shouldn't be extremely hard.
4.5 : Expect 3 hours of homework per week for this class. Rifts and shifts course reader is $15. You need this. His lectures are well prepared and he uses his knowledge of history so well. He will want your input during lecture. Your attitude will make or break your experience with this class.
5.0 : Professor Recla is an amazing Professor. He has a passion for History,, and that really comes out as he teaches. Class Participation is expected, and if you do not attend classes then you will fail the class.
5.0 : Extremely bright but doesn't shove it in your face. Helpful, thoughtful, engaging, funny. Easy on the eyes, too!
4.5 : I had to miss a few classes for a family emergency and he was so helpful and accommodating. If you enjoy history I would highly recommend this class. If you do the readings it will be a breeze.
5.0 : UF 100 with Dr. Recla was fairly easy because he gives clear guidelines. You know what he expects. You learn a ton from his class and he makes it very interesting. It is all related to the world today. He is a professor who cares. You have to work hard but there is the same amount of work each week. I'm taking him again for UF 200. Take Dr. Recla!!
5.0 : Great professor, one of my favorites thus far at Boise State.
5.0 : I took UF 100 with him and enjoyed him so much I took him again for UF 200. Lectures are thought provoking and interesting. It's clear that he is passionate about the topic and cares about his students. If you do the work you will get an A.
2.0 : lectures a lot and never really makes his point just kind of rambles and than moves on to the next topic.
5.0 : Great teacher
4.5 : Jon is a fantastic teacher. He's funny, silly, but overall knowledgeable. He's worked in several business environments and really knows what he's talking about. While this class is one you have to work in, Jon provides great feedback and legitimately wants to see you succeed. In this class, you work in a group all year. I recommend Jon entirely.
4.5 : Great choice for Business Communications 201. Teaches the course to where you will actually finish with some skills you can apply right now in the real world. Course was hybrid so prepare for a good majority of work on your own and with your group which you will have to meet with once a week.
5.0 : Jon is a good teacher and a nice guy. He cares about the students and has some wonderful insights on communication. He does grade a little tough on writing and grammar mistakes, but that's because he wants you to learn to own your writing. He made a potentially boring class fun. Be aware that you will have to work for a good grade.
4.5 : Amazing teacher and lecturer! Very clear, very nice and he seems like he actually cares about his students. No textbook at all, but a lot of useful activities to help you learn. Do the homework! It's not tedious but it will help your grade a lot. One of best teachers I've had so far.
3.0 : This class is in the Hybrid format where you only have to show up once a week. That being said their is a lot of work outside that you have to do. Quite a bit of group work that you have to meet for outside of class. The group work is very frustrating and someone who never shows up still gets all of the group points. Assignments are not clear.
4.5 : John is the best teacher I've had at BSU. He really cares to see you succeed. He's the perfect example of how a manager should act within a team and makes everyone's ideas feel valued. He's not that hard of a grader and there is homework every week but you'll be learning things that you actually need to know. Oh and no textbook! Gives xtra cred too
2.0 : Take this class online if possible. Coming to this class once a week was a waste of time. It doesn't help that you literally sit there and do absolutely nothing. Jon has good intentions but he isn't the best teacher. He doesn't give any direction and expects you to know how to do the homework. You can easily get an A, you will just be annoyed.
5.0 : I really enjoyed Jon's class. This class is a hybrid class, so you only have to meet once a week. You do have to meet outside of class with your group, but the group projects really aren't that difficult. We also had snacks and drinks at every class so that was definitely a plus!
5.0 : Jon is the best professor I've had at BSU so far! He is so clear with what he expects from his students and truly cares. Structures the class on students feedback. Lots of easy assignments. One presentation, one essay. He is a communication expert! Ask him anything and he will provide an intelligent answer. Highly recommended!!!
5.0 : I LOVED Jon. He was an amazing professor who cared for each one of his students. You can tell that he loves what he does what his students. Show up to class, its fun and interactive.
5.0 : While ALEKs is terrible, Anna is not! She is a great professor and really wants her students to succeed. Her class consisted of a lecture on one day and in-class time to work on ALEKs on the second day. Anna is very responsive to e-mails and goes over exactly what you will be tested on. Great study guides.
5.0 : Anna is so smart and amazing! She understands the class material so well, it really shows in her clear lectures. Sorry to shatter any dreams boys, but she's got a ring. Responsive to emails and has good office hours.
5.0 : She is kind of a dork, but so am I so that makes it just fine. She is strongly engaged in every topic and can be silly when you catch her making a mistake on the board. Overall she was awesome and if you show up with an open mind you will pass the class. She is not the type of teacher to want to fail somebody.
5.0 : She is an amazing teacher!! She wants you to do well and will help with anything. She grades you not only on how well you do but if you are a hard worker and she'll take that into account. She makes German super interesting too. You want her as your teacher!
5.0 : Peter is a great instructor. This class is based on communicating with different types of people, introverts, extroverts, etc. There is a single presentation and a group presentation. No textbook required, all you need is an open mind.
5.0 : An outstanding professor.  More interested in student learning than anything else.
3.5 : She is innovative and works hard to make you a better student.
5.0 : Dr. Schroeder was very personable and accessible whenever I had questions. I really enjoyed her feedback and clear expectations.  Used the EdTech definition book on one project at the end.  I wasn't a fan of the group project.
5.0 : Dr. Schroeder loves what she's doing and it shows!  She introduced us to amazing new tools and strategies.  Great Class!
5.0 : Man he is really funny. just do your work come to class ask questions. and trust me you will be really happy by the end of the semi..
5.0 : OKAY. Take this class. I was the kid in high school who never did well in math. I have a 95% in this class. I understand everything that goes on. Make sure to always hit hour goals and ask for help in class because that's basically your grade. He is so so kind and helpful, please take this class if you struggle in math like I did.
5.0 : he has a funny character and make me laugh i liked his method of teaching and i think he is the best of the best professors in the math department.
5.0 : Dan is super fun and awesome.  He likes to tell a lot of jokes and basically leaves you alone to do your work.  He is always willing to help you with problems you have trouble with, and he highly advises students to ask questions on any problems they may be having with ALEKS.  Show up to class for attendance grade!
4.0 : Dan is a really good professor. Attendance and just doing topics online is 75% of the grade. Easy going  and he is willing to help any way possible.
4.5 : Ingham is a really nice guy. He is always willing to answer questions and he offers a lot of partial credit. DO ALEKS AND DO THE GROUP PARTICIPATION. I literally finished this class 4 weeks early and got a 96 on the final. Do the work, and you will pass. Ask questions, because he will help. I really liked going to this class.
5.0 : Oh my gosh, if you can take Professor Ingham, do it. He is a down to earth teacher, and taught math very thoughtfully. He never left anyone behind if they were confused on a problem. He gives tons of extra credit and he'll motivate you all semester.  You'll never have a bad day in his class, guaranteed! Aleks is used for this class, no textbook.
5.0 : Dan does everything possible to help you pass this class. If you struggle with math take this class from him. He will point you in the right direction to get help. Highly recommend him.
5.0 : AWESOMELY AMAZING teacher and class. Tough grading, especially if you DO NOT do hoemwork and lab. Do your job as a student, and it will all be FINE!!!
4.0 : Fantastic teacher, and absolutely hilarious. She has a very sarcastic tone, and will pick on you in class, so don't be scared. Her attitude made everything easier, and she was by far the best professor I had that semester. Very approachable and easy to work with.
5.0 : Outside labs were hard to do. My work schedule conflicted with deaf events, so she worked with me. contact her early and often. She is deaf, so it was annoying when students talked in class and she couldn't hear them.I highly recommend her. You will easily pass her class if you show up, and do the work, plus shes fun!
5.0 : I loved having Aaron as my discussion group leader for University Foundations. Now only was he entertaining and hilarious, but he also was very helpful and very nice. I highly recommend taking his discussion section.
1.0 : If you want a really easy A, he is a wonderful teacher. He is friendly at times, but for the most part he makes offensive jokes and sounds like he hates theater more than he enjoys it. He is very clear about what he wants, and offers easy extra credit. However, you don't learn a lot. If you're dedicated to theater, take this with someone else.
4.5 : Aaron was such a fun teacher! I honestly had no interest in theater, but he made the class fun and almost everyone got an A!
5.0 : Aaron Moore has been the only thing to make UF 100 bearable. He is hilarious, genuine, and always ready to help. He has a big personality that can intimidate some people, but he really just wants to help. He is always willing to answer questions and is easy to contact outside of class. Highly recommend him as an instructor.
5.0 : I wasn't interested in theatre whatsoever, but this class was my absolute favorite. Aaron is hilarious and has a great sense of humor, but don't take if you get offended easily. There's rarely assignments and everyone gets an A. You have to see 2 plays throughout the semester. No textbook required.
5.0 : I loved Aaron! I was nervous about taking his class, as I know nothing about theater.  This is a fun class that I am excited to go to.  However, if for some reason you don't want to go, he doesn't take attendance and all are assignments are self explanatory and posted on blackboard.  I missed 7 times this semester and received 100% in the class.
5.0 : Aaron made a boring lecture into a good discussion. If you do UF100 and can take Aaron do it!
5.0 : Great class. It was easy and enjoyable. Highly recommended
4.5 : Nice guy. Knows his stuff so you learn a lot. Take good notes and don't slack on the essays, and you'll be fine. He's also slightly adorable.
5.0 : Prof Allen is a great teacher. His expectations with both essays and exams. His lectures are more entertaining than most but he does talk fast. Take good notes and keep up with the readings and you will do great.
4.5 : This is my second time taking his101 and I love him, super inserting lectures for history, very easy to understand. I would take any classes of him. Best history teacher here at Boise State. has 2 essay and 2 test pretty easy, specially read! class are mandatory but really help you. Take His Classes!!
4.5 : Dr. Allen is a great teacher, I highly recommend him. As long as you do the readings, and come to class, you will pass. You just have to be willing to learn. He makes the lectures interesting and is clear about his grading. Two tests, two papers, and a participation grade. If you have any problems, he's willing to help.
5.0 : Great professor. He finds ways to make history lectures informative as well as really interesting. He was clear with ideas and expectations, and a very fair grader. He's also hilarious and very friendly, available and helpful. Highly recommended.
4.5 : Dr. Allen is a great teacher. Funny, knowledgeable, young (and wicked cute!) He will only get better with time. Recommended!
4.5 : Sports History. Great course. Dr. Allen keeps his students very engaged in what they are learning. He provokes a lot of thought among his students. The class was not very difficult, but I learned so much. Dr. Allen makes his students think about sports in an entirely new way. A few writing assignments and two tests. Not a super heavy workload.
4.5 : He's awesome!
5.0 : SHOULD TAKE HIS CLASS! He is a great professor I have ever had. He explains things very clear and give you chances to fix your work. He's also very helpful. He helps his students understand the work and explain it again and again if they still not understand it.
4.5 : He really cares about his students and wants everyone to succeed. Great teacher and person.
3.5 : He's a really nice guy who shows that he cares about students. He also doesn't make you write super long papers. He also allows a lot of in class time to workshop papers, and also there is a lot of group collaboration.
4.5 : Professor Michas is very personable and always takes the time to address questions and concerns and made himself available outside of class for discussion and responds quickly. The semester is geared around a final paper with the topics chosen by us and he took an honest interest in everyone's subject. His use of group participation was great!
5.0 : Best ever.
5.0 : The whole course is all about 1 research paper that you have to write, going step-by-step from gathering sources to writing solid introductions to revising things based on peer feedback. The professor helped us on everything and took time to meet with us on an individual basis to work out whatever problems we had.
5.0 : Super good teacher. Wants you to become a better writer for yourself. Works with you through all your problems. Class was mandatory but never felt like i wanted to skip it.
5.0 : Very engaged, passionate about the course content, reasonable, relatable, and diplomatic.
4.5 : Good guy.
5.0 : He keeps the class interesting. The only downfall of his class was the final paper. It was 12-15 pages long and he grades it intensely. He is good about breaking the paper up into sections along the way. Overall, great teacher.
5.0 : He is an amazing Professor! I loved being in his class and I am signing up to continue through with his 102 class as well. He is super helpful with papers and gives you as much help as you would ever need to write the best you can!
5.0 : My only complaint is he was really unorganized. His lectures were fun and I actually looked forward to going to that class. It was fairly repetitive, but very easy. Basically no homework. We had to watch Netflix a couple times. No exams!
5.0 : Super fun, interesting Ideas for lectures. He is really nice and really caring. Best UF 100 Discussion Teacher as far as I know!
5.0 : Christopher was great. He had a clear plan at the beginning of the semester and then another at mid-term. We had some tough group projects and his classes are unstructured sometimes, but I think he does this to force us to talk, this can be hard. Super open guy, lets us text him any time, and is always willing to meet outside of class. Take again!
5.0 : He explains things very well. Homework is doing certain sections in the book. He will grade on whether or not you tried to do all the problems. He let us use note sheets on tests and gave extra credit through out the class. lots of  in class activities so best to go to class. lectures are few and if there is notes he makes them fun.
4.0 : Currently taking this class. Joe is a great instructor and always shows enthusiasm toward students' ideas.
5.0 : Joe is fantastic! Always super helpful. He wants each of his students to do well, and that is important to me.
4.5 : Does a really good job of explaining things and makes the material fun! Gives a lot of points and offers extra credit for tests.
5.0 : He has a project that actually makes you think about how you would like to teach math
5.0 : She is a great teacher, i highly recommend her
4.5 : Great professor. Very knowledgeable and professional. Clearly puts a lot of work into her class. Class is very challenging and rewarding. Leaves you feeling you actually learned something useful.
5.0 : UF is ridiculous but she understand that people don't want to be there and tries to make it interesting.  She is a great person and a good teacher.
4.0 : She is super easy, and has a nice ass and rack.
4.5 : Super easy class, fair amount of work but she's an easy grader.
4.5 : She was my discussion professor for UF 100, which has many professors if you take UF Genius. Margaret is young, which I think makes her very relatable to students. Honestly, if you show up to both lecture and discussion and do the quizzes, along with completing the final project, you'll get an A.
3.5 : Super easy
4.5 : Todd is awesome. Class is more like a glorified book club about life but enjoyable. Todd has made millions for himself and does this because he likes it. A nice change.
5.0 : Todd is the man. He teaches the class like a grad school way and makes it real life. The speakers were awesome and I learned more from that class then anywhere else.  Not only about business but just being a good person. It was a huge eye opener in my school career that I'm thankful for. Thanks Todd!!
4.5 : He was a teach there for you. He wanted to help in any way possible and believed in the students. As long as you tried and participate he was happy to see that. Very motivating and understanding person. My college career wouldn't have been the same without him. So glad I took his class.
4.0 : Relatively easy subject for someone who is interested but he makes it difficult only have the class once a week.  Only take him if you are confident you can handle teaching a lot of the information yourself and sit in class for 2 hours at a time.  Not easy but not difficult lots of work outside the class.  Not an easy credit tread lightly.
4.5 : Great professor!  His CS119 class was the reason I was able to do well in 125 and 221.  His course is only once a week (when I took it) so the lecture was a bit long but he's a good prof so it wasnt a big deal.  Really good at explaining basic CS concepts and giving HW that is appropriate in difficulty.  Definitely recommend.
5.0 : Lori is so awesome and so kind! She genuinely cares about helping her students succeed and she always has a smile on her face! Love her bubbly self. I would definitely take a class from her again.
4.0 : great class, learned lots of useful tools. gives good feedback.
4.0 : Professor Chastaine is awesome. She is willing to help students at most anything and is genuinely interested in students successes! I would take a class from her again.
4.0 : Professor Bickford is awesome. I took poetry writing with her and she's very understanding and willing to work with her students. Lectures are sometimes a little disorganized and participation definitely matters but she's great at clarifying and answering student questions and is pretty  flexible. I would definitely recommend her.
4.5 : Lacey can be a bit preachey, but what she teaches matters. Learning to deal with conflict can help in all areas of your life. Four tests and a couple projects and papers. Show up, do the work, and get at least a B. Tests are straight from the book.  Makes you dive into your repressed memories a bit, but in a productive way. Take Lacey.
3.5 : I love Professor Lacey! Her class was extremely entertaining, and she is very quirky. She uses quite a bit of personal anecdotes to enhance the class. However, her class focuses on relationship communication, rather than communication in general, so if you have been through a tough breakup, this class might bring back bad memories!
5.0 : This class changed my life. It changed everything about how I communicate and how I can improve my relationships.  My 3 credit class was over the summer for 3 weekends. It was a lot of work but very interesting.
4.5 : She makes a class that I wouldnt have taken if I didnt have to quite interesting. Although she seems to have a story for every example of communication do's and dont's. She clearly knows what shes teaching and brings lots of energy to her lectures.
5.0 : This was one of the most intensive classes I ever took but it was also one of my all time favorites. It's a lot of work but it is SO worth it.
1.0 : Dreadful teacher, she gives everyone similar grades regardless of work. If you miss a day for any reason you will not be able to make up anything missed. Her grading scale is way off and she gives poor instructions. Just set your expectations low
3.0 : Could have been a more fun class. Very disappointed.
5.0 : I absolutely love Lacey! Her class equipped me with tools that I can actually apply in my everyday life. For a 7:00 AM class she kept things very bright and exciting! I would love to take another class with her in the future!
5.0 : Ms. Harris was a great professor. In fact I changed my major this semester to Communication because she made me realize how much I Really enjoyed communication. She was very personable and easy to approach. She was very clear on what she expected and her test didn't have any surprises.
4.5 : Must have.  Professor Harris' class is one of the courses where I actually learned.  Like, really learned something useful.  She's great.
5.0 : Seriously, best teacher ever. I'm looking at spring classes already just to find a class that she teaches!! Will change your day to day life and how you look at communication in relationships and in general totally different! TAKE THIS CLASS
5.0 : Lacey is so great! She's more than willing to further help students understand material they might be struggling with. Don't cross her through - she's a spitfire!
5.0 : Got a C because I missed an online test. Would have been an A otherwise. Easy class, amazing teacher. Although attendance doesn't count toward your grade there are class activities almost every day that you will lose points for if you don't go. Almost all test material comes from lecture not the book. She's VERY interesting to listen to though! :)
4.5 : Lacey cares about all her students, she is always available to make appointments and her class is unique, but maybe still could be structured a little bit better. Overall as long as you participate and do your reading it is a life changing class!!!
3.5 : Only 3 tests and 1 group project make up your grade, which is tough if you aren't a great test taker. Keith has compassion for his students and will do whatever it takes to help you learn and retain. He gets confused easily but he has endearing intentions and is very nice.
4.5 : One of the kindest and most caring professors I've ever had at BSU. If someone doesn't understand something, he'll take the time to make sure you do. Tests are relatively easy, very similar to the homeworks he gives out. All homework is extra credit towards the exam. Overall I would absolutely recommend this class!
4.0 : You can tell he is very knowledgeable, however he's pretty awkward. He just cracks jokes a lot which are usually funny, but he feel like they may not be so he apologizes for that a lot. He seems confused most of the time, and isn't always clear on instruction, but I think it's because he's just really busy with other things. Over all pretty cool.
4.0 : At the beginning of the semester we were all like wtf.  but he's funny.  Tons of extra credit.  sometimes for just coming. You will have to do 3 concert reports. easy. just talk about how the music made you feel and if it reminded you of a memory. how each instrument made you feel.  multiple attempts on tests  guaranteed 'A' in the class!!    :D
3.0 : I had a VERY hard time in this class. On the first day it was as if Mr. Z was speaking a foreign language as I had zero music background before this class, I haven't even played the Kazoo. one of the things that kept me from dropping the class was Mr. Z!! he was patient, kind, and understanding, He will bend over backwards to help you!!!!!!
4.0 : From what I understand, this was Mr. Z's second time teaching this class. Some aspects of his lectures are a bit scattered. He definitely will go the extra mile to help you. Go ahead and take this class even if you have zero background in music. You may feel lost at times, but Mr. Z will work his fingers to the bone to get you to succeed.
4.0 : Mr. Z was a very kind professor and was very prompt to answer e-mails. He just had a baby so sometimes it seemed that he was clearly tired to be in class at 9:00 am. This was also his first time teaching the coarse which he was very honest with us about. He was very passionate at the end of the year in getting feedback he could use for next year
5.0 : He was very nice and informed about what he was teaching. Switched it up in class so that we weren't doing the same thing every day. Responds quickly to emails and is easy to talk to. Very understanding.
4.0 : He means well, but if you have no previous music knowledge coming into the class then it is very overwhelming. He is new at teaching also so his lecture is a bit scattered. Also there are 3 concerts you must go to and write a 2 page summary report on.
4.0 : New to teaching. Clearly cares a lot about students and about teaching music. Lectures seemed a bit scattered at times but contained good information. There was enough extra credit given out that you easily could blow off a test and still get an A / A+. Not an easy course, be prepared to study if you don't already have a background in music!
2.5 : its really hard to follow his class, although l learnd music ten years. tests are really hard and you need to search for it.
1.0 : I took Jazz with Rodney last semester and he was one of the worst professors I've ever had. Easy A, but if you want to learn anything about jazz this class will disappoint you.
3.0 : He's an okay professor but trying to get in contact with him is a nightmare. He doesn't respond to emails. If you need to talk with him do it in person.
5.0 : Professor Zuroeveste is an interesting person. Definitely the sweetest, and most compassionate professor in the music department. I agree he's hard to get a hold of so I just learned to speak to to him after class. I think since his position is adjunct he just isn't on campus the same amount as the other faculty though. He care about his students!
5.0 : Mr. Z is a very funny guy. I took intro to Jazz as a gen ed class, so I have no interest in music at all. I didn't ever have trouble reaching him outside of class, he replied to my emails super fast. He genuinely wants everyone to succeed in his class and does as much as he possibly can to make sure that you do.
3.5 : Took this class on a whim. He admitted to not being a music historian and that his teaching method would be based on someone who is a musician and extreme lover of music rather than a world class lecturer. Classes were informative, he made sure not to do the same thing every day, and brought in guest artists. EASY class, AND YOU WILL LEARN A LOT
5.0 : His sense of humor is gloriously awkward, but that matches my style. I took MUS102. I thought this would be more of a history course in jazz, but it was more like half music appreciation, and half early jazz history, with a sampling of more modern jazz at the end. He's still new to teaching this class so I can tell he is experimenting with content.
5.0 : Cool guy
5.0 : Mr. Z is hilarious!! This class is pretty clear, so long as you go the required amount of classes, attend the seven outside concerts and read the syllabus, there really is no way to fail this class. Do you have a pulse? You will pass. Also if you are having issues he will work with you. I was sick and had a family emergency, he worked with me :)
5.0 : Such a chill teacher. Take him for the lab if you can. Easy A if you try. I'm a comp sci major who tried to skate by with a C, should've gotten an F, but I'm getting a B :]
4.5 : HE is the best teacher ever.
4.5 : This class is challenging but if you do the readings and go to class (which is what collage is about) you'll do fine.  Mr. Warden is a very knowledgeable guy and great at giving a deep understand of issues.
4.5 : Probably one of the funniest and nicest teachers I have had since I have started here at Boise State. He's a different kind of character who always puts a smile on your face. For his class difficulty, don't even worry, show up and do the little work he gives and you'll get an A.
5.0 : Literally the best teacher you can take. You do almost nothing, just three projects throughout the year that take maybe 30 minutes maximum. He is super funny and strange and gives you credit for coming to class. TAKE LOBAUGH.
4.0 : Dr. Lobaugh is encouraging and easy going. Had him for Competition class, discussion group leader. Lots of reading for the lecture portion, but not much to do for the discussion portion. Easy A, with minimal effort.
5.0 : Prof. Lobaugh is a genuinely nice, happy guy. You can tell that he enjoys coming to class and being a teacher. He really values participation and sharing personal expereinces. The class relys a lot on the textbook, but the text book is enjoyable and easy to read.
4.0 : He's really into being a teacher, he loves coming everyday, and thanks the students every class just for coming. He tells interesting stories, makes class interactive, but you are never forced to talk if you don't want to, even just by observing you learn so  much. I would take this course a second time with him if I could!
5.0 : One of the easiest classes I have taken at BSU. If you participate and at least pretend like you care then he will love you and give you an easy A. His lectures are sometimes painful to sit through because he does get so into his teaching and loves his job a little too much. But all in all I would take him again if I could.
5.0 : Best teacher, very helpful and empathic
5.0 : Amazing man and so much passion for a discussion class would take again!
5.0 : Lobaugh is awesome! Great guy, always willing to help and makes it so the class effects our life as little as possible while still making sure we learn something! 10/10, would take his classes again!
3.5 : Really great discussion professor. He likes to explore any topic no matter how deep you get into it. Lets class out early sometimes.
5.0 : I've never had a professor like Tom Lobaugh. He has been AMAZING, and I've never had so many revelations from any other professor. He generally dismisses class early as long as there has been learning in the class. Short reflections are due weekly with a service-learning project at the end of the semester. Readings are from articles online.
5.0 : Great instructor.
2.0 : The professor is a stickler on APA format. There are a lot of papers assigned however my biggest complaint is that she's not clear on her expectations yet very strict on her grading. Some examples would be much more helpful. She seems willing to help but isn't the easiest to get a hold of.
5.0 : Dr. Yang's expectations are high, but she is always willing to help.
5.0 : This was a good class.  Expectations were clear anDr. Yang provided meaningful feedback for each graded assignment.  The content of the course built upon itself and Dr. yang provided opportunities to apply coursework in the field.   This was a great online class that tackles what can be a very complicated subject.  Would recommend.
4.5 : He is a fantastic Conflict Management professor. He makes learning the subject interesting, but get ready for some tough grading on papers. He is a published author, so being grammatically correct is extremely important. Overall though, a great professor.
4.0 : No tests, 10 quizzes throughout the semester. 6 papers, 3 of which don't require the book (solely on personal experience). Drops lowest quiz grade.  To pass the class:  -SHOW UP TO CLASS -Listen in class -Do the work  Joe is incredibly interesting! Has a lot of life experience to teach this subject. Highly recommend this class to anyone!
5.0 : Joe was an amazing teacher and really cared about what he was teaching and who his students were. He sometimes came off a little 'preachy' but it was all extremely interesting. The overall class was pretty easy as long as you attended the class and read the assigned chapters.  times and he graded pretty strictly.
5.0 : A truly great teacher. He wants you to succeed and makes it easy enough to do that while actually learning. The class has a lot of discussion and he really helps you along in understanding. Fun class!
4.5 : No, tests all quizzes. Worst score is dropped. Not too much homework but do expect to write 7 short papers.
4.0 : He's an odd duck for sure but great to have as a teacher. He wants you to succeed and learn. There isnt much homework or many quizzes. Minimal lecture and a lot of group discussion and role-playing, surprisingly though a lot is learned. I learn more in this class where its very relaxed opposed to lecture heavy courses I have taken. Recommend.
5.0 : Joe is definitely different, but an incredible professor. I greatly recommend him. You will definitely learn something from him as a life skill. The book is used during every class and a small quiz will occur about every other week. He does take attendance every class. Most students thoroughly enjoyed his class.
3.0 : If you complete the given criteria, you're guaranteed to get at least a B. But it's damn near impossible to get anything higher than an A-. He does not want to give high grades out. Goodbye 4.0. He will teach you a lot, but he will also ruin your 4.0. Very unfairly subjective with his grades, and that is uncalled for.
4.5 : Joe comes off strong for sure, but is a GREAT guy. Be ready for some non-traditional teaching methods (in a good way). This class is not for you if you do not have an open mind. Sometimes he comes off as rude, but he really just wants to make a difference. Definitely left his class with skills that I can use in the real world.
5.0 : Taking 502 from Dr. Lowenthal was a great experience!  The class is moderately difficult with lots of work to do, but you get better at doing it and he progresses the difficulty well throughout the class.  He does a great job creating an online class community, and allows you to fix your work to make-up missed points.
5.0 : Patrick Lowenthal makes the challenging task of learning Dreamweaver, HTML, and CSS incredibly fun and easy.  He gives great feedback (in the form of a video!) and cares about his students.
5.0 : Outstanding helpful professor. Course is a lot of work, but worth it. Learned a great deal.
5.0 : I took EdTech 502 from Dr. Lowenthal. I really enjoyed the structure of the class. Each week we created a different educational website using dreamweaver. Each week we learned a new technique or skill and applied it to the website. Dr. Lowenthal did a great job of supporting each students and making the information accessible.
5.0 : Patrick was an awesome professor.  He made learning how to code in Dreamweaver  a pleasure. He was always available to help and provided specific, clear, and helpful feedback. He wants students to succeed therefore, he allows you to go back and correct mistakes on assignments. A tough class but an awesome professor to guide you through!
4.5 : Provides timely and meaningful feedback!
4.5 : Dynamics is Tough. Doug is a great Professor. Show up and work hard. You will be fine.  He curves a little bit and his exams are only on material that he has covered.
3.5 : Doug is a great teacher although he lectures faster than Eminem (printing out the notes before class is a must). I spent about 8-10 hours on the two homework assignments per week which I think is fair dynamics is supposed to be hard. He does a lot of example problems in class so that helps. Tests are similar to the home work they are curved.
5.0 : Best teacher ever. He posts his old tests before each test and study guides. Make-up test for each test.  Extra credit for quizzes and HW.
4.0 : Doug is a fantastic professor. He will do anything and everything he can to help you pass. I highly recommend taking Dynamics from him. He will explain it in many different ways to help you through the class. But do not expect it to be easy, you have to work for your A. I got an A, but I also spent the majority of time doing homework for this class
5.0 : i took his dynamics class in Fall 2011. he is by far one of the best professors i've ever had. i enjoyed his teaching style and i was very happy that he cares a lot about his students. yes, dynamics is a tough class in general, but his explanations were pretty clear. he gives a lot of homework, but he's also a fair grader when it comes to tests
3.5 : Doug is a good professor and willing to help. Never had more homework in my life. Each assignment took me about an hour per problem.  At 5-6 problems per assignment2 assignments a week starting from the very first day of class. He also expects you to watch a 10-30 minute video before every lecture. Two years straight A's til his class.
5.0 : Margaret is an amazing teacher! I hated english going into her class, and she has helped me so much when developing my writing and encouraging me to think in creative ways. I highly recommend her. If you show up, and actively participate, you will do great!
4.0 : Margaret is so helpful and kind. She does assign papers and book reading nearly every class period, but it is manageable and she is very helpful with all of it.  I would definitely recommend her to anyone looking for a solidly good ENG101 teacher.
5.0 : Margaret is fantastic! She loves writing, which is a tad contagious, and doesn't grade you based on grammar and structure (unless it's very bad, I assume). She more wants to see you improve, and rates instead of grades. There's a fair amount of reading, but nothing that can't easily be done throughout the week. I am definitely taking her for 102!
4.0 : She is amazing! Very understanding and works with you. If you do your assignments and show up, you're going to get an A. I strongly suggest taking her for English courses.
5.0 : Margaret is very understanding and there to help you if you ask for it. Grades fair with three main project assignments and then the fourth is mainly revision. I would recommend doing the readings she assigns because she gives you bonus points for actively contributing to the class discussions.
5.0 : Great Professor. However, her class is not just a breeze. Professor Bundy, will make you work for your grade, but she is fair.
5.0 : She loves to help her students, she came to the university on a Saturday to meet with me and answer questions on a paper that was due Sunday at midnight. Only 3 papers and one revision to go over what you learned. You can skip two classes without being docked but after that it really hurts your grade. Highly recommend participating for extra credit
4.0 : Very helpful, very clear, participation is must. Oh and she's very attractive.
3.0 : She is weird but nice. Her class is the same as all english 101 classes but she doesnt lecture too much. 3 papers and one final portfolio. Easy B or C
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class. Margaret is a great professor and gives excellent feedback on all work in class. She is very reachable with her office hours and emails. Such a sweet person, very approachable, and kind. Wish I could take another class from her!
5.0 : She is just fantabulous. I really wish I could have her for english 102.
5.0 : Professor Margaret explains the assignments she gives you very well so you know exactly what you are doing. However, if you do have any questions she is super willing to help you and is very good at making things understandable. If you don't like writing very much I recommend taking her class. She makes it fun!
5.0 : Margaret is kind and patient w/ students. When talking about the class or a subject she likes, she gets very excited; she is very passionate about her job, and is eager to help students when they get stuck with concepts or writing. There's a fair amount of reading, and a total of 3 essays to write. It's all easy if you put in the extra elbow grease
5.0 : Margaret is awesome! She's super helpful, and she cares very much about her students. Margaret loves helping students out, and she is always happy to answer questions or set aside office hours to talk about class.
5.0 : Absolutely loved her and she made class really fun and engaging. She is willing to help you with anything at any time. Don't need the write about writing thick book, so don't buy that.
2.0 : She cancelled a lot of classes. Didn't have one full lecture during the entire semester. This didn't make the tests any easier. Despite constantly missing or shortening class, the tests were pretty hard and her study guides were too vague. There aren't many graded opportunities, the paper is most important. I wouldn't take a class from her again.
4.5 : There was a lot of work, she had 6 quizzes, 2 online discussions, 3 exams, and a paper. The paper was hard, know APA.  If you don't read the text you will fail. The last exam was open book so that was nice. She let the class vote on using some class time to work on your paper, that was nice. And shortened class time in exchange for online work.
4.0 : As long as you read the chapters you will be fine. Tells you exactly what she expects.
4.0 : She is pretty chill in class. If you don't read the text you won't pass the class.
3.5 : Just wish the class was longer!!
5.0 : Heather was easy to talk to about academic and personal topics.  There were multiple debates and she encouraged them, rather than coddling everyone by making sure no one got "offended".  I emailed her many times about different situations and she was always quick to respond.
5.0 : If your having trouble email her. She is more then fair and willing to work with you !
5.0 : Teaches and tests directly from the text. Go to class to know what to study for the exams, she had 3, plus a paper and quizzes. Have her review your paper before submitting, she grades hard on the paper.
5.0 : She grades tough but I emailed her and she worked with me, let me redo a paper so I wouldn't fail
5.0 : Steven is definitely my favorite lab instructor! Super cool dude, kinda quiet but very helpful.
5.0 : He is pretty geeky but overall a good instructor and he knows his stuff. Definitely take him if you get the chance.
5.0 : Professor Berlin is kind and reasonable. I would take his class again in a heart beat.
4.5 : The reading was the hardest ever, but we went over it well enough to understand.
5.0 : He rewards and grades based on hard work.  If you don't plan on working hard (reading, participating, and writing),  it will bite you in the butt big time.
4.5 : Nick made class a lot of fun. There are a lot of fun in class activities and he gives you a 100% on them as long as you show up to class and do them. My main complaint is that the tests were all multiple choice and I do not do well on multiple choice tests. The tests were worth 70% of the grade so I didn't receive as high a grade as I wanted.
5.0 : Nick is a great professor. I was not really looking forward to this class as it was one of the core requirements for my major. I have to say I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed the class and how much useful knowledge I obtained. Nick is great at engaging the class and relating the information to everyday life. Highly recommended!
5.0 : Nick is an awesome teacher. Expect him to challenge you. His course is truly related to real life. He doesn't try to sugar coat it or anything, but he is very fair. He expects his students to be there mentally, because he shows you how its gonna be. I am an ITM major and would take him again any semester if it benefited me!
5.0 : It is pretty unusual to find an extremely motivating and inspirational professor, but Nick is a true exception. I had Nick for Entrepreneurial Marketing, and I learned loads from him. He has built his own business from the ground up, and legitimately knows what it takes to be a successful entrepreneur. For entrepreneurs, his class is a must!!!
5.0 : Nick St. John is an awesome professor . He wants you to succeed and does so by presenting you with a real life scenario as a final project. If you want to learn how to apply marketing concepts in the real world this class is the one to take. He will guide you and teach you along the way on how to apply the knowledge you learn.
5.0 : Nick's internet marketing course is what helped me decide to focus on digital marketing for my career. I am now a full time social media director for a creative production studio in LA and loving every minute of it! He's an incredible professor with so much insight. Very real-world oriented and teaches applicable concepts.
5.0 : If you have the opportunity to take a class from Nick, do it. Everyone in our class was involved in great discussion and debate. It's the atmosphere all college classes &amp; teachers should have.  He practices what he preaches, and if you want to be a marketing professional, then make sure you take as many classes being taught by St. John as you can.
4.5 : Nick is a great professor. He teaches class with a great sense of humor but is also very professional. He gives real world advice and has you work on real world projects. You can tell nick wants his students to do well and take skills away from his courses and be able to use them in a professional career. Take his classes. Great dude!
4.0 : Great class and a great Professor. The material is that Nick covered was fun however he related it to real world examples that business professionals may run into. Awesome professor who will chat with students after class about different marketing topics. I would recommend Nick to any marketing or business student.
5.0 : I took two classes from Nick. He does a great job of earning the respect of his students while still being very down to earth and approachable. The concepts I learned from this class have been instrumental in the successful launch of my own business. He encourages the creative thinking required to be successful in business. Take any class of his!
4.0 : Nick is kind of a harsh grader.  He gives out assignments, and leaves them ambiguous, then when you turn it in, it is kind of harshly graded.  Do the Pechu Kucha.  It will save your grade.  It is VERY painful, but well worth it for the points.  His lectures are good, and he brings in some great guest speakers as well.
5.0 : Nick lectures very clearly, and has a down-to-earth approach to business. He doesn't teach 'academically' but he demonstrates academic concepts with his own first-hand experience. He's a bit of a tough grader, but his feedback is amazing. I highly recommend taking his class.
3.5 : Nick was great, he wants students to learn and doesn't add extra bs in his lectures. Best part of his class was his lectures, he makes them interesting and worth while.
5.0 : Best professor I have ever had.  He kept lectures interesting, engaging, and relevant.  Any questions I had were answered in a valuable way.  I 100% recommend this class and especially the professor.
5.0 : I Took Nick For Sports Marketing and was blown away by his unique outlook on education. You won't have many tests, but rather will learn more through participating in discussion and lectures as well as group projects. But the real game changer came in the form of multiple real life Mktg people who came in to tell us about their own experiences.
5.0 : Really cares for students! Subject isn't the easiest so come to class! In class assignments help with hw! Very willing to meet outside of class for help too!! TAKE ADVANTAGE SHE LIKES TO HELP! Homework is weekly! Study guide and past homework assignments help for tests! Do the study guide! I did well with her help. Seriously the best professor!
5.0 : If you're looking for a professor who really cares about her students and their grades, she's the one. Whenever I had a question about the homework I could send her an email and she would reply within an hour with step by step instructions. She wants you to do well in this class. Cynthia is just absolutely fantastic.
5.0 : Amazing teacher who know really cares about her student's success. She's thorough with teaching the material. Exams reflect lecture and homework.
5.0 : She's thorough with teaching the material. Exams reflect lecture and homework.
5.0 : Loved her and this class. She's easy to talk to and understand. Very helpful if you have questions.
4.5 : Really nice, class was really easy. She focused on both the book and in class lectures for tests. Took the basic information in the book and expanded on it to really challenge you to think about what's going on in society as opposed to basic memorization of definitions
3.0 : Amazing, fun class very intresting and fun to attend, class is very long she talks a lot wish she would make the test more on in class lectures rather than the book.
4.5 : I personally loved being in her class. She makes the lectures very interesting and it's easy to follow along with her because she keeps the audience involved and she makes it fun to learn about sociology, which she is clearly very passionate about. Overall I would definitely recommend taking her class. She is a great professor.
4.0 : Chris is a very nice professor, and seems to really enjoy her class. Show up to class, do the assignments (lots of small papers), and you should get an A.
4.0 : UF 200 is just miserable, but Chris makes it livable. Her experience lends itself well to the class and she encourages students to lead the discussions. For disengaged students, this is an easy class to pass with a question here and there. The readings are easy and assignments are cake. You'll still learn from her and she'll help however she can.
5.0 : If you have to take UF 200, take it from her! The weeks are structured the same with different topics each week. She is super understanding and approachable. This class is super easy as long as you do the work, participate in class (for points), and show-up!! Another plus - no textbook! :)
5.0 : Chris is amazing. She is one of my fave BSU professors. There are no group projects.. You just need to attend the lectures and do the weekly activities and research (topics are easy), and do two papers besides the civic engagement. Now I'm telling you, do not take UF 200 with anyone else but her!! She is also helpful and cares about u .Very easy A!
4.0 : Chris is the most chill professor. You have weekly quizzes (super easy) and discussions.  She goes with the flow and doesn't have too high of expectations from her students. As long as you do the work (which is minimal) and talk once or twice in class, you're good. No textbook, no final presentation, no tests. 2 papers.
5.0 : I really like this class
5.0 : Very fun teacher. Very helpful with assignments. Extremely fast at answering emails. UF100 is, as we all know, a total waste of time, but Chris takes a fun approach to the dull subject and really wants people to find their passion in this class. Make sure you get Chris Klover for UF100.
4.0 : She is light-hearted and is always willing to help. She has some pretty good cheesy jokes if you ask for them. Follow the rubrics and you will get an A.
5.0 : She is a fantastic professor, and is always there for her students. She made class super easy, and had no tests. Just expect papers, and projects. She is easily accessible, and really takes an interest in her students. She thinks she is funny, so expect a lot of corny jokes.
3.0 : She had unrelenting assignments. This course had more work than all of my first semester of College combined. I took it online because I didn't have time, not because I needed to give it all of my time.
5.0 : If you take uf200 with anyone else you are missing out. Chris is hands down the best professor I have ever had. She is hilarious and the easiest grader ever. If you just show up and put in the tiniest bit of effort you will get an A in this class.
5.0 : this class is ok. I dont really like english, but thomas tries to make it fun and is friendly and really helpful when I want help.
4.0 : I enjoyed the practice marketing game towards the end of the semester. The class was pretty easy.
5.0 : This class was very informative and the online format was easy to learn and fun.
5.0 : Ms. Bo has been my art teacher since kindergarden, and is one of my favorite people. Extremely personable and kind. Love this woman.
4.5 : He has sooooooooooo much reading, at one point in the semester you have to read a 60pg article that he will quiz you on. Overall pretty easy to pass.
4.0 : Lots of reading and reading journals, some of them are really boring but what do you expect its English. Mr. Montgomery is a great teacher and is pretty hilarious too, he is always there for help, gives amazing feedback and really seems to care about his students. He made me not absolutely despise English this semester which is nice.
4.0 : The class material is challenging but it develops you into a better writer. Montgomery is an excellent teacher and great person but he does assign a decent amount of work.  Sometimes the essays are confusing but if you ask him he will work with  you and provide clarityfeedback. He makes class entertaining- You hardly even check the clock in class.
4.5 : Oh boy, Jason Montgomery is absolutely the best english teach I've ever had. Although you have a lot of reading, it's english what did you expect? You will have 250-word reading journals sometimes due twice a week but they are full of good information essential to helping you become a better writer. Jason is very versatile. You won't regret it!
5.0 : I don't normally like English but Jason taught this class really well! Your grade is based partly on attendance but the classes fly by really quickly and the lectures are easy  to get into. There is a lot more than writing that goes on in this class and I really enjoyed being able to explore literature in different aspects!
5.0 : She was so helpful and easy to work with. She is an excellent teacher and I would recommend her to anyone.
5.0 : Carolyn is very sweet and very willing to do anything she can to help. Her tests are tough but she grades fair when it comes to papers and project. Study, show up to class, and participate in discussion and you will do well. I would highly recommend her.
4.0 : Professor Schmidt is exceptionally knowledgeable,  very clear, and is generally (time permitting) quite willing to help those who don't fully understand the course material. If you're taking one of her CS courses, I strongly recommend downloading Eclipse to practice coding at home.  She's also gorgeous, which is huge ++ (haha, CS jokes).
4.0 : This is the first programming class I have ever taken and she is the perfect instructor for an introductory class into programming.  It really feels like she cares about her students and does her best to explain concepts and illustrate examples in class.  It doesn't hurt that she is beautiful and polite.
5.0 : IF YOU CAN, TAKE IT FROM MARISSA! She is very open and willing to help you with any issue you should come across. Attendance doesn't matter. Always tells you when there will be quizzes. ANYTHING she teaches I will try and take for my upper division classes.
5.0 : Awesome teacher! Really fair!
5.0 : If you can take a class from Marissa, I HIGHLY recommend it.  She is not pretentious like some CS'ers who get off on being the smartest guy in the room.  Her lectures are clear and she was available for help during her office hours all the time. I'll take any other classes she teaches, too.
5.0 : We have quiz twice a week and 5 programming project, same for all CS 121. She is super nice and helpful. She is sweet and clear. Awesome professor ever! Just take her class, you will never regret. You'd better read before class, otherwise may have hard time to catch up with the lecture.
5.0 : Amazing super smart professor. Very nice, approachable, and helpful.  6 smaller projects, 1 bigger project, quiz every 2-3 weeks. The class is pretty easy... you learn the basics of C and do some 'systems programming' near the end. Also
5.0 : Marissa is a great instructor and has a lot of enthusiasm for the material. She constantly checks for understanding from the class and has no problem explaining concepts  more than once. She'll skip material in the presentation but go straight to actual code demonstrations for the subject (awesome). Had a smile EVERY day and was always prepared.
5.0 : She really is amazing, I learned a lot and enjoyed her class quite a bit. I was always impressed with how quickly she responded to students' questions. The same can't be said for every professor. I would definitely take another class from her again if I had the option to do so.
4.5 : I feel like Marissa is great combination of clearly delivering the material, being helpful, and an easy grader.  She has had some slip ups in front of the class but they are mostly just air-headed mistakes--she actually knows what she is doing.  I would definitely recommend taking her and I will be taking her for CS253 if at all possible.
5.0 : I've taken two classes from Marissa and have enjoyed both.  She's a good lecturer who provides solid examples in class.  Her lectures are clear and well prepared.  She's available for questions and is easily approachable.  She is up front about her grading criteria and if you follow directions and do what is asked expect an "A."
4.5 : She is a really good teacher and the class is super easy. It is a little boring material but thats just because it is theatre and I ma only taking it to get an arts credit. She is only of my favorite professors which is pretty great considering the fact that I don't care about the subject matter.
4.0 : Pei-Lin is a really enthusiastic professor who is highly experienced in her field.  She is passionate about Archaeology and it shows.  You definitely need to go to the lectures to do well on the tests as the questions are straight from the powerpoint.  Take good notes and you'll be fine. 3 "quizzes", a partner project (easy), + in class activities.
5.0 : I absolute love Professor Pei-lin Yu. She's energetic, funny, and she honestly cares. I'm an English Major but I love history so I took her class. She is probably my favorite Professor. After the semester ended we talked for 45 minutes in her office about philosophies and archeology. She's so interesting, kooky, but she honestly makes BSU better.
3.0 : I felt that the professor was almost never there. she was always gone to some conference or another. I felt that I didn't get much out of her class, and really wish I would have taken another professor. However the course material is interesting.
5.0 : The reason why I switched my major to anthropology. One of the coolest and most interesting (and clear) professors I've ever had. She makes class worthwhile and leaves you actually interested. TAKE HER!
5.0 : I LOVED taking ANTH103 with Prof. Yu. Her lectures are great and she's so inspiring, kind, and funny. Very down-to-earth. She is hands-down my favorite professor here and she is the one who inspired me to be an anthropology major. Has tons of interesting stories about living with hunter-gatherer tribes!
4.0 : Pei Lin is amazing! I thought going into this class there would be a lot of papers there wasn't! There are only 3 homeworks all semester, 3 tests (including the final) and her lectures are amazing. I get so into them time flies! I rented the textbook NEVER used it, if she doesn't mention it its not on the test, the book is more like reinforcement
4.5 : Dr. Yu is the most engaging and enthusiastic professor I have ever had. She is passionate about the material. She is open to other perspectives but it is clear that she comes from an ethnoarchaeologist POV. She holds great class discussions, assuming students will bring something to the table.
5.0 : Enthusiastic teacher and very sweet! Grades fairly easy!
2.5 : If your interested in anthropology then she will be a great teacher. If not then the lectures will be long but its a science class without a lab so It was worth it.
5.0 : Dr. Yu is fantastic!  Her lectures are super interesting and she is always willing to help.  She is also a very nice person and very knowledgeable about archaeology.
5.0 : Great Professor. Clear on the material and is passionate about what she is teaching. She will clarify if you have any questions during lectures. Quizzes aren't hard if you go to class.
5.0 : I really enjoyed taking Dr. Yu's course. She always made her lectures interesting and even put some jokes in her lectures. I recommend going to class because she bases her tests on her PowerPoints and uses the book to help enrich notes if needed. Even offered an extra credit opportunity when class attendance was low to students who were in class.
4.5 : Pei-Lin Yu has to be my favorite professor so far! She's super knowledgeable, nice, and knows how to make a lecture as interesting as possible. Her stories of working with native people are amazing!! (though maybe not always super relevant to the material).  You'll do okay on the tests if you pay attention and study a bit. Not much homework.
4.5 : I took this class just to fill a requirement for my degree and ended up loving it! The lectures are great and she is an amazing prof. She does her best to improve the class from the suggestions and evaluations of her students. She keeps even the (rare) boring topics interesting. I would take a class from her again in a heartbeat.
5.0 : Awesome professor.  The Anthropology department needs more like her to inspire rather than scare away potential Anth majors. She is fair and always willing to meet with you and help in any way. Most importantly you can tell she cares about her students understanding and succeeding!
4.5 : I must preface this with the fact that I am not too fond of lecture halls (I love lectures, but not large masses of people). However, despite that it was a lecture hall, I loved the course. The professor did a really spectacular job of introducing students to archaeology in an fantastically interesting manner.
5.0 : She was amazing. She explained everything in a clear manner and would go back if we didn't understand something. We had weekly quizzes but if you read then you would be fine.  I wish she had more courses.
3.0 : She's scatter-brained, disorganized, we never got a syllabus. She's AMAZING tho. All semester we had no idea what we were graded on &amp; it was great because she takes the pressure of traditional college teaching away and just lets you learn. I actually got a good paying job in a lawyers office solely based off what I learned from her
5.0 : Renee might be one of my favorite professors ever. She doesn't talk in class which sounds super scary at first, but she is actually super easy to understand and is hilarious. I found that I absolutely love ASL and Renee is honestly the majority the reason I love it so much. It's also super easy.
4.5 : Renee is so incredibly amazing. Best ASL instructor I've ever had. She really cares about her students and ASL. She is super funny and will help you if you need it. Her signing is very clear and easy to understand.
5.0 : Great instructor! Available for support when needed, you just have to ask questions if you get lost and they will get answered. Fair grading. It's an easy class if you just simply put the time in, not difficult material. Go to class and you should be fine. Very prompt on returning e-mails as well.
1.0 : Worst teacher at BSU. Thinks she's funny but has no idea what she is talking about. She doesn't know how to do half of the work included in 143. Anytime I asked her for help she always made me feel more confused.
5.0 : Carrie is seriously my favorite professor i have had at Boise State, she treats you like your her child and respects you and all around cares for you. I would much rather take her again than any other professor in the math department.
5.0 : Sweetest woman ever! Always so nice and helpful, felt more like a friend than a teacher. Made math interesting and always knew how to help me if I was confused. Tests are super easy. Would definitely take a class from her again.
5.0 : Carrie is a really good teacher for this class. It's not a tough class so having someone who makes it enjoyable helps it go smoothly.
5.0 : She's super sweet and excited to be a teacher, she'll treat you like a sweet kid. She is always excited to help and is very helpful and uses class time better than most that uses Aleks.
3.5 : This professor was probably the best one I had all semester. He is a Biology Lab teacher so homework and papers are almost nonexistent and when there is homework I was able to finish it in class and still leave early. I didn't go to class 100% of the time but really all you need to do to pass is show up. He's a super nice guy too.
5.0 : He is a total hipster, you really can't fail this lab. He is so chill, all you have to do is show up, class was rarely longer than an hour and half... Not many assignments at all- I had to write one summary, labs are easy you work in groups for all of them. I ended the semester with a 199200! Just show up!
4.5 : He is an excellent teacher. Enjoyed UF200 with him. Very engaging and great class discussions. Interesting readings and papers. He's very helpful, clear, not too tough of a grader and very inspirational. This class gave me so much perspective to look at things. Take his class!!
5.0 : I took this class online, and he was still awesome! I hated the theme of the class but Jeremy was a great professor. He really seems to care about the students, and wants to make sure they understand the content. He is really great with communication and he provides all the texts so you don't have to buy a textbook.  You wont regret your choice!
5.0 : Super understanding when life gets in the way. Very good at communicating and if you have something going on and cant turn in an assignment, he works with you full on. Super funny and I enjoy going to my discussion class!
5.0 : Jeremy is the best. I would 100% recommend him. I took UF 200 for ethical inequality and it was extremely eye opening. The class and the way he teaches has an atmosphere that allows you to be open and accepting to new ideas as you will definitely talk about things you might not agree with, but overall the homework is minimal but discussion is great
4.5 : Jeremy was a GREAT professor and really helpful! I heard awful things about UF 200 but he made it fun and engaging!
5.0 : the readings and videos are amazing and this class encourages deep thinking.
5.0 : Jeremy is the perfect example of what you want in an instructor. He truly cares about his students and wants to meet them on a very personal level which makes coming to class enjoyable. Being able to have a personal connection with my instructor made me more inclined to show up and participate in class. Jeremy knows exactly what he's doing.
5.0 : UF is the worst class ever, but Jeremy makes it okay. He always has SO much energy and often jumps across the room. There are no tests in UF, but plenty of homework. He is very clear with what is expected and will help you whenever he can.
4.0 : UF classes are boring but Jeremy makes it fun. He is always cheerful and happy to help his students. A lot of reading on Blackboard, but they aren't too bad. Just do your share of work and you will be absolutely fine.
4.5 : He was great! As my discussion group leader he made all of the small projects required by  lecture to be much easier and less stressful. He made it so I didn't absolutely hate my UF100 class.
5.0 : First of all, I wish I could just be best friends with Jeremy. He is the BEST professor I will probably ever have in my college career, and even that is an understatement. He is a real gem,  he makes you care. He is super understanding, always willing to help, and super respectful. He really makes the classroom feel like a safe place. Highly Rec!
4.5 : I took UF200 over the summer online and was randomly put into Jeremy's class and I was so thankful! He genuinely cares that you do well. He accepts late credit and offers extra credit in the class. Discussion boards are really interesting, our topic was "Civic and Ethical Foundations"
3.0 : Jeremy was my University Foundations Discussion Group leader my freshman year. He's a very friendly guy, very down to Earth and understanding if you are having trouble with the course. He was constantly offering himself as a resource when his students had questions or confusions. The course he taught, however, (UF100: Rifts &amp; Shifts) was horrible.
5.0 : He is such an open, and caring individual. He fosters communication and discussion and wants you to succeed in what you do.
5.0 : Jeremy tries to make his course as easy on students as possible. No textbooks, flexible due dates. There's no textbook. Just short weekly readings provided by Jeremy. Readings are well discussed in class. You can miss one &amp; catch up in class. Attendance gives participation points, but no requirement. 1 big project at the end of the semester.
4.0 : Jeremy was great! Always looking out for his students best interest and willing to compromise and work with us.
5.0 : One of the best instructors I have ever had! All around easy class. Small readings for each class. Show up ready to discuss the readings and you will get an A.
4.5 : Jeremy is an amazing professor. He truly cares about his students' success and makes that very clear in his flexibility. He is very open to changing deadlines, doing whatever his class needs to be successful. No textbook, just weekly readings and an occasional discussion board post. DON'T SKIP CLASS - missed attendance every day can kill your grade
4.0 : You can tell he's still kind of in experienced, but I still really enjoyed having him. My only complaint was he'd get behind on putting grades in, and honestly he was a little too lax sometimes, but mostly because he doesn't want to put too much pressure on anyone. The class was an easy A, but that's because he made it so interesting
4.5 : All the answers for tests and quizzes can be found online but don't take the easy road if you truly want to learn about cell biology. She tries to engage students but can be hard to listen to (a little monotone). Sit near the front and study for the tests to get an A.
1.0 : He's terrible. I had him for English 102. He makes you read these 2 books then makes you take a quiz then that's it. That's all he does. Then blames the class for not understanding.
4.0 : Daniel is a great English teacher, for both those who care for English and don't care at all. He tries to make directions as clear as possible, although sometimes they are confusing. Focuses on giving feedback on papers rather than knocking you for grades. Would seriously recommend.
4.5 : He is a very fair grader. Helps you learn and grow as a writer. As long as you show up to class, skim the readings, and contribute in discussion you will get an A. Best english class I have ever taken usually I hate english but I enjoyed going to this class.
5.0 : Easy to get work done.  Hey, sometimes he'll even bring in doughnuts.
4.5 : He's a good teacher and a super easy grader, he grades on participation not on correctness.
3.5 : Pretty cool guy. He's young so he gets it
4.5 : Daniel tries really hard to work with students outside of class. He's always willing to help when you have a question
5.0 : Good class overall. Sometimes the directions were confusing
5.0 : Hands down the easiest class I have taken at BSU, he lets you work at your own pace and the homework might take a few tries to get the hang of but if you can do the homework, the class is a breeze.
5.0 : If you need a science credit, but science isn't really your thing, TAKE THIS CLASS! As long as you are someone who can be self-motivated, getting an A will be a piece of cake! So glad I took this class!
5.0 : When I started this class I was a little intimidated considering science is not my strong point and it was an online class. However, this class was so easy &amp; interesting, yet I learned a lot at the same time. I would definitely recommend taking this class with this professor.  Another bonus was that the book was free.
4.0 : This was one of the easier classes I have taken at BSU. However, Thad still taught me a lot about basic energy science. As long as you do the assignments, you will do fine. I would highly recommend this course.
5.0 : We all need that science credit and honestly this is the EASIEST class I have taken in college so far! If you do the work, you will get an A. And the work for that class is no big deal I can get it done in 30 minutes TOPS. Such a great class for that science credit!
5.0 : If you're looking to take a science to fulfill your science credit w/o a lab, get on this class asap! It is so easy and if you ever need help the professor is always there! You have biweekly assignments that are EXTREMELY easy (I'm not even exaggerating) and you can work ahead in this class if you would like. 11/10!
4.5 : Thad is an awesome professor, he likes to not only explain the material in a straight forward way but also relates everything to past experiences in his life in the real world. He sometimes goes off too far on a tangent about something that doesn't directly relate to a topic but he usually brings it full circle. Definitely recommended.
4.5 : The book is free. Also one of the nicest professors I have had at BSU. He genuinely cares about the subject and wants his students to succeed. I cannot recommend his class enough.
5.0 : Thad is an awesome teacher.  His class requires reading an e-book that's free.  Also, there are lots of videos online that are required to pass.  His calculations quizzes are intimidating but eventually they become fun.  His enthusiasm ensures that all the assigned work is not only interesting, but also very informative.  Would take his class again
5.0 : Thad was an amazing teacher! He was always available when you had questions and did well to clearly lay out the expectations and course work well in advance. This course does have a decent amount of work but he gives you more than enough time to complete it all. 11/10 would recommend course/teacher! He has a lab that goes along with this class too.
5.0 : Thad was a great professor! I took his Engineering and I actually finished the class in 2 months! The work is laid out and you know what is expected of you, but there is so many opprotunites to get help that anyone who does not pass I would say is there own fault! I expect to get an A+
5.0 : This is a great class and an even greater professor. This class will teach you about energy and how we use it. I took the online class and got an A+. The Book is provided via PDF from the professor. Quizzes and tests are easy if you read the chapters and pay attention to the material. Everyone should take this class.
5.0 : Very good online class. Great class to take for a science credit if you aren't interested in science. Just do all the homework weekly and you'll pass.
5.0 : Peter is a great Instructor. This class is based on communicating with different types of people, introverts, extroverts, etc. There is a single presentation and then a group presentation. Overall it was a very fun and rewarding class. No textbooks required, you only need an open mind.
5.0 : Regina is a great instructor. She teaches with Peter Risse. This class is all about communicating with different types of people, introverts, extroverts, etc. There is a personal presentation and a group presentation. No textbook required, all you need is an open mind.
4.5 : You only have to write two essays (plus, many minor assignments along the way, but they're helpful and easy), and the final consits of revising one of those essays and writing a reflection paper. This class was super enjoyable, and Katie is super laid-back more than to willing to help anyone who asks for it.
4.5 : The way this class was structured was wonderful. It was partially self-paced and you could work ahead. The assignments and very clear instructions and his feedback was great. Overall, a fairly easy class if you know how to use a computer well.
4.5 : He responds quickly to emails and sends links or other helpful information to help you understand more. Easy to communicate with him he seemed very nice even though it was 100% an online class.
5.0 : He is a master on BB.  He provides all necessary information in a very clear manner.  Everything is broken down into sectionsmodules.  Excellent clear instruction and self paced within the four sections.  Responded to email, ask if you need help.  I loved this professor!  I wish they could all be as clear in providing information and expectations.
5.0 : Earle was a great instructor, giving great suggestions and constructive feedback while remaining encouraging and supportive of student work. I'd take a class again with him anytime.
4.5 : Earle was a great studio instructor for this class. He gives good, honest feedback and suggestions, but is encouraging and supportive. I went into this class really scared of having to do 3D artwork, but it turned out to be a really interesting, fun class in which I learned a lot.
5.0 : This is the best math teacher i have ever had. Failed 143 before then took him and getting an a. He is a awesome teacher makes jokes really cool guy. When you want help he explains it really really well MUST TAKE
4.0 : Good teacher and is there for help if you need it. Course consists of him lecturing one day over math problems with 10-20 minutes of group work at the end. Second day is all work on Aleks. Not very boring and seems like a nice guy. Graded attendance but I think that is with every 143 class.
5.0 : super chill teacher lots of interesting topics pretty easy just go to class
5.0 : Tim was a great professor! His lectures were actually interesting. He never took up the whole class time. I definitely recommend! After taking his class, I plan on going to law school after graduation!
4.5 : Tim Kurtz is by far the most underrated adjunct professor I've come across. His lectures are detailed and informative. He's very good about answering questions amidst a lecture and won't continue until you've grasped the concept. Textbook not necessary to pass but if you want an A buy it + the study guide. All lectures are in PDF on blackboad.
3.0 : Lectures are great, he clearly knows what he's talking about and explains things very well. He is understanding, nice and will definitely help you. The only thing is he can be vague about exam reviews, what benchmarks are there for papers, so you end up asking him a ton of questions or figuring things out on your own. Other than that - recommended.
5.0 : Made law interesting. 2.5 hour night class sounds bad but it was actually my favorite class. Listen during class and you should get a good grade. Buy the study guide and read it like the bible. He is very understanding, and obviously is passionate about what he does because he is a lawyer. Highly recommended.
4.5 : She is my most favorite English teacher I've ever had and I hate English classes.
4.0 : Great Teacher!
5.0 : We had three main projects/ papers to write and easy responses about twice a week over reading. The reading wasn't hard and was usually over an article. I loved this class, she actually cares and it's an easy class
3.0 : Awesome teacher, but her lack of class control and her loud voice was a huge turn off. She grades easy, but her projects were extremely lackluster. If you like to be inspired and challenged with writing, or if you have ADHD, she is not the teacher for you.
4.0 : There are only 3 papers to write, but the topics are pretty vague and I at times found it hard to know what it was she wanted. She was nice enough, but at times seemed overbearing in the sense that everything needs to be a certain way. I honestly didn't learn much, but if you pay attention in class then you should get good grades on the papers.
5.0 : Peggy is the best!!!! Helpful even though the quizzes are hard.
5.0 : Peggy is awesome! She makes lab super fun and is a great teacher.  She's super funny and she explains things really well so you'll leave understanding the class so much more.  By far one of the best professors I've ever had!
5.0 : She is the best lab instructor for bio 191! She is really funny and enjoys teaching. She is a grad student and is also young. The class is very simple. You do the labs in class and complete the quiz after each lab. She makes the lab more enjoyable and is lenient about the assignments. Loved her!!
5.0 : Mari is super cool and makes the class interesting. Her lectures are engaging and she always has a some group activity that we do after them. I learned alot in this class.  She gives weekly Blackboard quizzes but if you listen in class, they'll be super easy. Class was always enjoyable and engaging.
5.0 : Mari is very cool and tries to make this entry level class as cool as possible. She is a great teacher and would recommend this class
4.0 : Syllabus lays out entire semester clearly. online quizzes every week, open book and retake as many times as needed. Attendance is graded heavily, service learning project/one large paper/ three tests/ and easy home quizzes are all the grade is consisted of. As long as you follow syllabus it is super easy
5.0 : Mari is awesome. Super smart and totally down to Earth. Willing to be flexible
5.0 : Real nice woman, definitely cares about the subject and her students. You do a service learning project and a group presentation, but all the group assignments, and individual projects, are real easy and she tells you what she's looking for. Take her!
4.0 : This class was not very challenging but it was not just full of busy work. Rice is great you can tell that she is very passionate about the topics covered in this class.
4.0 : Mari is a good teacher. She really tries to make the class more engaging for students. There were a lot of great guest speakers to talk about subjects we were currently learning about. Easy class if you just do the homework you'll pass no problem.
5.0 : Dr. Kuhlman's tests are difficult, but you get used to them within the first month of the semester. His lectures are great because he is really enthusiastic and funny and well-read. I would recommend his courses to anyone that is serious about going to graduate school and doing research.
5.0 : Brian is really an outstanding professor! Puts a LOT of time into the content of his lectures to get you to think and participate in the discussions.  He's very funny, and super knowledgeable. He clearly cares about his students- he even made it a point to learn all of our names and what career paths we're all pursuing.
4.0 : Passionate, hilarious, caring, and knowledgeable. A welcomed addition to the psychology department.
5.0 : Dr. Kuhlman is passionate about psychology. He does a good job of providing supplemental material (videos, research, web links, etc.) on his blog to relate the material from the textbook to everyday life. Tests were straight from the text &amp; pretty difficult, but he offered plenty of extra credit to mitigate low test scores. Highly recommended!
5.0 : Clear, concise instructions and interesting subject matter.  She is a fair but tough grader and has high expectations but she makes herself available for any questions or clarifications students may have.  I recommend her highly.
3.5 : Professor Snopkowski is not a bad instructor. My biggest issue is that she goes at blazing speeds in lectures, to the point where I can only barely keep up with taking notes with my laptop. Thankfully, she has a very clear and static syllabus. The homework is not difficult at all, and is done online (you'll need the textbook code to access these).
5.0 : Top three best professors along with Dr. Demps at BSU. Extremely knowledgable and high quality lectures. Genuinely cares about students success. Topics may be hard but she is willing to help and discuss the content with you if needed. I usually have a hard time asking for help but she is very approachable as a professor. I really enjoy her class!
4.0 : This is a wonderful class and will change your perspective on how the environment has an impact.  It is a challenging class but she will help you understand.  There is no book so the power points are important for info.
4.5 : This is a great class. Mind blowing and extremely useful.  A great upper level. Would love to see more of this. She is a 'hard' grader, meaning she doesn't spoon feed you. She is a great teacher for people who are passionate, want to LEARN and can think like an anthropologist. She is available to work with you, help you and be flexible with you!
5.0 : Wes provided a great environment to complete ENGL102. He is very fair with all of his grading, and is excellent at providing individual meetings times to help plan essays. He understands that the ENGL102 is a standardized curriculum, and does his best to make sure that it's fun. A great guy and funny too.
4.5 : Not that tough. No tests like in most english 102 classes. Participation grades all around up until the final portfolio. He is very clear on assignments and is there for help if you need it. Gives you feedback on your papers that will help for the final portfolio. You can get by without the book, but sometimes you read out of it in groups.
5.0 : Colin was super helpful and really showed me to care for language and how we develop it. He is always involved and asking if anyone needs help. He doesn't have lectures, mainly class discussions. He's really funny and knows alot about pop culture. Very cool. Best english teacher I've ever had
3.5 : Will work with the class to make the projects less stressful. You will have to read the text book that is given, but it is for your benefit. Will give you a second chance to redo any of your projects with the feedback he has given you. Overall, the class was fun because of the efforts Colin Johnson put into the course.
5.0 : Colin is truly human with the class and cares a lot about poetry and people. Loved this class.
4.0 : I found it hard to concentrate on the fascinating coursework because of Mr. Johnson's piquantness.
5.0 : I was very much dreading taking this class because I hate Chemistry, especially lab. However, she was the best teacher I had all semester. She made the labs fun, and was very helpful in explaining anything that I did not understand. I would recommend her to ANYBODY! Take her class.
5.0 : Jan is by far one of the best professors I have had. This class was only 1 credit and it was pretty easy as long as you tried and participated. She gave amazing feedback and was very encouraging. If you are considering STEM-ED I would highly recommend taking her class. She will help you figure out whether or not it is the right path for you.
5.0 : Jan is a hands down awesome teacher! If you are interested in STEM-ed i highly recommend her course. She is super knowledgeable and passionate about her work.
5.0 : Kind person that really cares about the success of the individuals
5.0 : There are two tests and a final, 11 homework assignmentsactivities, one impromptu speech, one informative 5-8 minute speech, and one persuasive 10-12 minute group speech. Megan is an easy grader and gives many participation points for just showing up. Her lectures are clear and comprehensive study guides. Weekly open-book quizzes on blackboard.
5.0 : Amazing instructor. Always there if  you need extra help. She gives a lot of extra credits but she also gives homework and open book quiz online every week. I highly recommend to take her class.
4.0 : Make sure to study for her tests. Pretty sure no one in the class got over an A-. She is pretty lenient on grading speeches.
5.0 : Tests are cumulative so they're a bit tough, make sure to study. Seems like no one has has over an A- in this class. Be sure to follow outlines for speeches to the T. Weekly quizzes are open book and fairly easy. Definitely need the book.
4.0 : Very fair and willing to listen to students. Gives good feedback. Would take one of her classes again...
5.0 : Loved my class taught by Gracie. I would recommend taking her class for sure!
5.0 : Excellent Professor
5.0 : Best discussion group leader
5.0 : :)
5.0 : She was super understanding about everything and was extremely helpful. She acted like a friend and a teacher. It was my favorite class, and I didn't feel stressed in there once.
4.0 : Gracie is awesome! Very knowledgeable and loves to hear from her students. She was just the group discussion teacher, so the crazy long readings we're coming from her. Did require a couple papers and presentations, unfortunately the final one being a group project. Which can always suck, but oh well.  Oh and she's pretty cute also.
5.0 : This is an amazing instructor to learn from. She explained things in 5 minutes that I could not understand from my Biology instructor in an entire lecture. She is practical and gifted at teaching and explaining what she is teaching. I wish I had her for my Biology lecture as well. Highly recommend her. There is homework every work but easy.
5.0 : She is a phenomenal instructor, gifted teacher who makes learning very simple. I learned more from her in five minutes explaining something that in an entire class with a different instructor. You must participate for lab, and there is homework but it is easy. I wish I had her for the lecture as well as the lab.
5.0 : I loved Erin. I am a business major but she was so great. So sweet and helpful. She emailed us a few days before the homework was due just to remind us. I would 100% recommend her as a lab instructor.
4.0 : Professor Ramsey was very knowledgeable of subject matter. She gave good feedback and answered any questions that you have, she's easy to get a hold of via email and responds in a timely manner. She makes the class experience enjoyable and interactive.
4.5 : Very knowledgeable in every aspect of the business world. I would recommend him for every class he teaches, especially GB 450.
5.0 : Dr. Mattingly is committed to seeing students succeed.  He goes to great lengths to make himself available to students and is respected by every student I've talked to.
4.5 : Great professor for this senior course! Always clear and has tons of personal examples in business to back up concepts. Always makes sure everyone knows expectations and understand information before moving on. Obviously enjoys teaching &amp; is knowledgeable. Generally easy going. Thankful I took the chance with a random new professor! Custom book use
5.0 : The greatest professor i have ever had in my college career. This class made me happy i even went to college.
5.0 : He is a great professor. He always like to help students succeed and always like to help no matter what. His lectures are somehow long but interesting, he is well knowledge about business. I would DEFINITELY  recommend his for this class.
4.5 : He's a smart professor teaching a really vague, boring class. Most of the course is common sense and it seems like he's required by the University to review easy topics. There are opportunities for extra credit and participation makes up a significant portion of your final grade. Overall the class had a pretty light workload and I recommend him.
5.0 : I liked this class because he is knows his stuff and is able to relate it to students!  Lectures are interesting and the workload is fair!  I would take a class from him again.
4.0 : A knowledgable professor who encouraged learning and in-class discussions. I appreciated his detailed critique of assignments.   Keys: Come to class, read the book, participate
5.0 : The best class I have taken at Boise State so far.
4.0 : The textbook is really confusing and unclear so going to class is a necessity. You can turn in your homework unlimited times before the due date and she'll send it back to you with suggestions for correction every time, usually within the hour. She tends to get off track easily and she mumbles a lot, but if you ask for clarification she gives it.
5.0 : Good teacher who cares for the students, he is handsome and a good person to talk to. I feel good because he cares.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have ever had! Genuinely cares for his students and has helped me advance very far in my Spanish in the small amount of time I have had him as a professor.
5.0 : Rodolfo is amazing! I want him to be my personal Spanish professor for the rest of my learning career. He is incredibly helpful, and very understanding. He is hilarious, and makes the class very fun.
1.0 : The only reason people like Rodolfo is because he doesn't actually teach Spanish. Going to class is required but is a complete waste of time as you can learn the material he teaches in a quarter of the time on your own. Also, don't try and improve beyond where he wants you to be because he will dock you points if you do.
4.5 : Molly is a great professor. It was her first time teaching this course but still did a great job. Make sure to read textbook for her weekly quizzes. It's simple read assigned pages, attend lecture, pay attention. If you do that you will pass.
4.5 : He is my favourite professor so far. He made material easy to understand and gave relevant analogies. If something didn't make sense, he would gladly explain it again. He welcomed students to come to his office for help, and he responded very quickly to emails. I definitely recommend him!
3.5 : He is very clear on what he expects in papers, which makes him a tough grader. He will be there for help if you need it, but only if you come to him. He joked a lot and got off track often, which annoyed me from time to time. Overall, good professor, just a bit scatterbrained.
4.0 : Very likable professor. Assigns fair work for the course, rather than just busy work. He's also super funny and will find ways to incorporate jokes when possible, so prepare for that. Overall great professor! Would recommend.
5.0 : Craig was the bomb dot Com
3.5 : Craig was one of the best teachers I've ever had. He made everything so clear and was great at answering questions. I had genuine fun in the class. I also loved how he handled talking about things like sexuality and gender.
5.0 : This is my first Psych 101 class and this has to be the best experience i have had. He was funny, talkative, challenged your thinking's but never made you feel stupid. Do your work and you will get a good grade. Do what is expected of you and will be happy on what you get out of this class. I am at CWI and i will recommend him no matter what.
5.0 : online class-lots of weekly busy work.  the textbook is great and the quizzes are easy, know your APA formatting!!  No final and one big paper at the end.  A lot of points, just do the work on time and you will get an A.  about 4-6 hours of work a week
5.0 : By far one of my favorite teachers! Hes extremely nice and is always there to help. He does offer quite a bit of extra credit. There is a quiz and a 1 page paper every week but they are really easy. Strict on deadlines. Really funny and tells lots of jokes and funny stories. I would take his class over and over again if I could!!!
4.0 : Super easy as long as you are good at making sure you turn stuff in. There are a few assignments due every week that can get stressful but overall easy. I didn't need the text book and I still got an A. All quizzes are online. Also he doesn't give -/+ because they hurt student more than help.
3.0 : For the most part the class isn't super difficult but it's a lot of work, and you write at least one paper a week. Also, he grades citations really tough and has sort of unclear expectations for the final paper.
2.0 : This class is really not difficult at all, just a lot of busy work! A quiz every week along with a bunch of discussion board posts and at least one paper, too. There isn't a final, so that's nice. But, there is a final paper that is worth a lot of points and he is a stickler for APA formatting of all kinds!
5.0 : Ryan is the best comm teacher he is super nice! Easy A if you pay attention, do the work, and review his powerpoints before each exam.
5.0 : Ryan is legitimately the best. If you don't take a class from him, you're missing out.
5.0 : An amazing professor! He is very thorough with the material and will help out with any questions. As long as you show up to class, take the weekly quizzes, and review the powerpoints you will pass. He is by far my favorite teacher thus far at Boise State!
4.5 : Ryan works really well with his students. If you need anything he will always help you out. His lectures are boring as all get out. The class I had with him was a four hour class once a week. First hour was class discussion, second hour was lecture , last two hours we watched a film. Overall not a bad class, but can be boring a hell.
5.0 : Ryan is a great professor! He's ready to help his students as much as he can. He gives feedback on your projects, which I think is really helpful. His Comm 268 class was fun, and he makes it fly by so that it doesn't seem like a 3 hour class. As long as you do your work and try your best, this class will be good.
4.5 : Lorena isn't a teacher. She is a film producer that is kind enough to come teach this class for us. She is hilarious, has real working experience in the industry and can be a great avenue for networking into the industry.
5.0 : Class could be boring as hell (all the technical stuff that I guess you NEED to know if you want to work in production). Lorena is hilarious and extremely likable, though.  A lot of the material covered in class can be learned on your own but it was the small snippets of real world experience that Lorena talked about that made this class worth it.
5.0 : She is a professional producer so she knows her stuff, she is so funny. She makes a boring subject fun. Graded by few things. 1 group project but it is not difficult. Some pop quizzes, pay attention to lectures and read what she gives you because you'll be quizzed. She is super easy to talk to and genuinely cares. Has connections to industry.
5.0 : Great teacher! Would always recommend her! Really works with students.
4.0 : Mary was awesome! Participation is huge in this class, but mainly within your small groups of four to five. There is only one presentation which is your final. Great class, easily doable if you work full time and go to school full time. Very understanding professor! AWESOME!!
5.0 : She's awesome. She loves her job and her students.
4.5 : Mary is a great professor. She is super nice and very clear in what she wants out of assignments. NO TESTS in this class which is awesome! She's a pretty tough grader in writing, but you learn a lot. Highly recommended for this course!
4.5 : Mary is the absolute best! She explains concepts clearly and gives amazing feedback. Not only that but she really tries to connect with the students. After my semester with her I'm ready to invite her to Thanksgiving at my house. As long as you try in her class she'll do everything she can to help you out. I would highly recommend!
5.0 : You will actually learn about business communication in this class. Dr. Olson is very approachable, tough grader but fair, and gives excellent feedback. You can absolutely get an A in this class if you attend, do all the work and participate. On top of that, you might enjoy this class.
5.0 : Super nice, extremely willing to help.
5.0 : Dr. Olson is an amazing professor.  She is willing to help you with anything you need and gives amazing feedback.  She keeps the class engaged and encourages sharing of ideas.  Prepare to write a page long paper (business oriented writing like memos or emails) almost every week.  I hope she teaches another class besides BusCom!
4.5 : I loved her. She's so nice and wants you to do well, in a sincere way too.  She's my favorite professor so far at BSU and I've had a lot of good professors. She's willing to help you in any way she can so you get a good grade. Open-book quizzes while I was in the class, and no tests, just weekly (short) assignments. Loves her job, which says a lot.
5.0 : She is all about participation. She is the most flexible and kind professor I've ever had. There are a lot of assignments due but they are so easy if you just follow the directions. She helps space out assignments over the semester so that your final is a breeze.
5.0 : Professor Olson genuinely cares about her students and the work they do. She relates the material to real-life experiences. There are short quizzes about the material in the textbook, but they are pretty easy. You do have a fair bit of writing, but it isn't anything too difficult.
5.0 : Mary is the best teacher I have ever had!  She cares about every student, and wants to see everyone succeed.  She's not just there for money, she genuinely enjoys it. Her beginning of class quizzes on the textbook are easy.  Honestly, the book isn't necessary.  I recommend going the extra mile early, she will love you for the rest of the semester!
5.0 : One of the greatest teachers I've ever had. She really cares about each and every student. Being in her class will brighten up your day.
5.0 : I was so sad that I HAD to take UF 200 because I didn't see any point. But, if I had to take the class I'm glad Tina taught it. She's a total sweetheart, there's no readingtextbook, and as long as you submit the assignments on time you'll get 100%. Also doesn't take attendance, but it's extra credit if you do. If you can take her for UF, DO IT!!
5.0 : Tina Freeman is by far the most amazing professor that I've had at BSU. She is kind and caring of her students. Attendance got you extra credit! No assigned book, and if you do the assignments you are golden.  She is motivating, fun, spirited and genuine. She is the kind of teacher the rest should be like. She's  highly inspirational.
5.0 : UF was a drag but Tina at least kept it interesting. The class was not as bad as it could've been.
5.0 : I took Tina as my discussion leader in the Health in America UF 100. She was amazing and such a light grader. Participation is a huge part of your grade, but she doesn't grade on quality as much. I ended up with nearly 100% in the class simply by showing up. She is also one of the most laid back and fun teachers you'll find on campus.
5.0 : Caitlyn is so helpful and so passionate about what she is teaching. If you need help with in-class items, she is fully willing and if you need help with anything outside of class, she is also fully willing. Take a class from her if you get a chance!!
2.5 : Though I did love the discussion-based classes the logistics of the class were quite frustrating. Class was cancelled several times which would be fine but communication about what we should be doing in the meantime wasn't quite there . Grades weren't put in for Spring semester until spring break. There was very little feedback because of Bb issues
5.0 : She's a great teacher but can't grade assignments it takes her forever to give feedback.
4.0 : Dr. Simmonds is a very smart dude, but his lectures consist of him reading the note sheets that are available on blackboard, so the lectures tend to be dull and not especially worth the time. The office hours and TA sessions are life savers. The homework is challenging, but if you can't conquer the homework, the tests are a breeze.
5.0 : Dr. Simmonds is a saint; he will bend over backwards to help you succeed. Very willing to work with everyone to clear up any fuzzy points.  If I had Dr. Simmonds for every class, suffering at the hands of school would cease to exist and I would never want to graduate.
3.5 : Nice guy who is always willing to help people succeed. In the beginning of the semester the lectures were a little weak, but he worked with students to help bring us the content that we needed. Few teachers are willing to change midsemester like that! Super helpful in office hours with the homework which is very tough. Tests weren't too bad though.
5.0 : Really wants to help you learn and pass the class. If you don't understand something, she will explain it in a different way. Very helpful.
4.5 : She's laid back.
5.0 : I took her for Math 108 &amp; Math 143 fast pace classes. We used ALEKS which is a horrible system, but that isn't her fault. Since I was in the fast pace classes we were required to complete 12 hours of math per week, again that's not her fault. Since the class is through ALEKS, there isn't much she really does. Just keep in mind, show up to class.
5.0 : Interesting lectures! She really knows her stuff and is great about answering questions in class or out of. Great attitude!
5.0 : She's incredibly nice. Very down-to-earth professor and always willing to help out. I missed an assignment (which was no one's fault but mine), and she was gracious enough to allow me to turn it in late for full-credit. She is knowledgeable in the field, but she's not the greatest lecturer. Gives extra credit occasionally.
5.0 : Super helpful professor.
5.0 : This class requires a lot of work but professor P was incredibly helpful when I fell behind. What a nice lady!
5.0 : She didn't give any lectures but did all the grading and gave good feedback.  I think she is new.  She seems to care and bends over backwards to help us.  I liked her.
5.0 : Karan was so kind, helpful, and an easy grader.... seriously take the lab from her.
4.5 : So far, she's great. Very real. She lets you know what to expect. She usually lets you out early. She moves really fast because she doesn't want you to stay the whole time which is good and bad. Read the book, do the homework and you'll be fine.
4.5 : She's the best! She's funny/ dorky, and she always gets side tracked-stories about accounting. Way better than Fred. Tests aren't hard, reading the chapter helps, she uses good examples in class, do the homework-she'll give you full points just for doing them, even if they're wrong. She's very willing to help. The night classes are better
3.5 : Lectures are looong. Would still take her instead of Fred. She goes much slower.  She has a ton of pauses and then tells stories about her life. She finds a few students in the room that are more responsive to her lecture and questions and then she directs the lecture to them, like she's teaching one on one. Class is easy, do homework to learn.
4.5 : She a little new to teaching, but she super helpful. She willing to admit if she made a mistake and give you all the tools you need to pass the  class. She friendly and easy to ask question to. One of my favorite teachers at BSU
4.5 : Rick does a really nice job explaining the subject matter. He bring real world experience which is always helpful. The book sometimes contradicted itself and he did a nice job making things more clear. weekly quizzes and a bunch of online tests. I strongly recommend downloading the ebook so you can search for answers on the quizzes and tests.
5.0 : Brian Greber is probably the best professor within the College of Business.   He will force you to learn, yet you will still enjoy his class.  HE is the textbook, and teaches you what he thinks is important, and what he thinks you should know.
5.0 : Hank was a great instructor. Highly recommend if taking any chemistry labs.
5.0 : I loved Professor Berlin's HLTHST 215 class. It made me want to go into more academic based Health Science work instead of the medical side. The class was set up amazingly. PROFESSOR BERLIN ROCKS.
5.0 : This class is a hybrid course so I only saw him 5 times, however he was very helpful over email. Weekly quizzes and discussions on the chapters from textbook. Great class. He will make you work for an A but is a fair grader. Overall I enjoyed this class and learned a lot!
4.5 : You have a midterm that is multiple choice over the entire book, if you study you will pass. Final was very hard, all matching definition. Attendance is based on a sign in sheet each class. You have one group project, very easy and easy/fair grader. You have a module quiz each week that are clear cut. He is more than willing to work with students!
5.0 : I had Mike for my HLTHST 431 class and he was awesome. You have two group presentations, but they are nothing to stress over. You will also have a midterm and final that are open note and over his lecture slides so its pretty easy to do well. You will need a class textbook but its not too expensive and actually interesting to read.
5.0 : He is very fair and responds quickly to emails, even on the weekends. The most important thing for the class is do a decent job on the paper the first submission and he makes the class very easy. There is a lot to do but he explains everything very well and does not mark you down for simple mistakes on the paper.
3.5 : Good guy. From France where grading is extremely difficult. He teaches this way too. Very tough grader who expects a lot of studying from you. Bit sexist (notice the comments below, from women). Will go easier on women than men (accept more late papers, higher grades in general, nicer, etc... Such is the French). Gotta try hard and you'll do ok.
5.0 : Benoit is essentially one of the best professors I've had throughout my college years, and finding a good professor at BSU isn't easy. While learning a new language is especially difficult, he's there for you and won't punish you for messing things up occasionally, though he does expect hard work and dedication. Also, he's pretty nice on the eyes.
4.0 : He is such an awesome teacher. HE really cares about his students and offers so many ways for them to practice their French outside of class. He is so attractive too--not a bad thing.
4.5 : Benoit is an outstanding professor. He truly wants his students to succeed and will do anything to help them along the way. He is very understanding, as learning a language can be difficult. Despite that, he makes learning a fun experience and I would recommend Benoit to anyone wanting to learn French. Don't miss out!
4.5 : I can say she is one of the best teachers I have ever met. I learned a lot from her in this class and she gave what I really deserve.
5.0 : She puts you in groups which can be nice unless your team sucks. Then you do the learning on your own. Homework is very manageable. Extra credit.
4.0 : Fantastic professor, teaches practical application of statistics. The subject is very subjective and she understands that and allows you to explain why you interpret things the way you do. She also allows you to correct so questions on exams for half credit. Also working in consistent teams helps improve your learning capability. Work hard, learn!
4.5 : There are about 150 students in lecture so it makes it difficult to ask questions while she is going over material. You will do a lot of group work in this class which is ok if you get a helpful group. Katherine is amazing though. Go to her office hours from the beginning of class and she will make sure you understand the material. Amazing teacher!
4.0 : Dr. Johnson clearly knows her stuff. She is helpful when you ask questions in class or go to her office hours. The class set up is interesting though; you learn the bulk of the content through videos assigned as homework. She allows test corrections and the online homework has unlimited attempts. There also group quizzes taken every class.
5.0 : This may be the best class that I have ever taken. I have always struggled with math, but Kathrine is so great at explaining the material and clearly lays out what is expected. She genuinely cares about each student and their success.
5.0 : Awesome class. One of the best math teachers I've ever had. I never take time out of my day to write ratings about teachers and I made it a point to write this. This class is not easy, but she explains it in a way that makes sense to most people. She is very lax on tests and mini projects. Don't need the textbook. Highly recommend taking her!
2.0 : She's all over the place. IF you are literally one word off when explaining a statistical response you get NO credit. She doesn't really teach either. You just work with teammates to teach yourself everything.
4.5 : The whole course is designed around the idea that students learn Stats better when they work in groups. Daily group work is mandatory and essential to passing. A portion of your grade depends on working well with your teammates. This consistent through all instructors for this course, but Kathrine is very clear and helpful so I would recommend her.
2.0 : Doesn't give a lot of homework, usually assigns about three big projects. Is never in her office during her office hours, doesn't give great feedback, very unorganized. Shows up to class late, gives you little time to complete the test review prior to the test. Explains things decently, her TAS and the tutoring lab are much better.
5.0 : Dr. Johnson is so smart &amp; knows how to explain the material in a way that makes stats seem less intimidating by the end. I was very nervous for her tests but always ended up getting at least a 90%. Overall, there are in class quizzes w/ your group, 3 tests, a final, and online hw. Not bad at all. She's the professor you want to teach this class.
4.0 : Jeannie is so kind and helpful! She wants her students to succeed. There's not a lot of work and she is a pretty easy grader. She is more than willing to help you on assignmentspapers, and you can give them to her early to have her edit them (which ensures a good grade). The lectures are kind of boring but she is funny.
4.0 : she's a worldly wise and very interesting person
5.0 : Challenges you to think and to see new perspectives. Boise State needs more professors like her!
3.5 : Though she was willing to help when I came to talk to her, I did not like the lectures. She knew the topic, and she expected us to know it as well. The tests were essays written in class, which if you are not good at it, it will be a challenge. There was no notes on the board or powerpoints while she lectured which made it difficult to follow along
5.0 : She made this  online class great, gave feedback to EVERY single post/assignment you turn in, answers emails/questions usually within a few hours and you know exactly what is expected from you every week. She sent me an email when I forgot a piece of hmwrk or a key element. You will use the book for 2-3 timed quizzes; watch course calendar.
5.0 : Templeton is a great professor. One of the best online course I have ever taken. Be warned there is quite a bit of work that she has you do weekly. Not hard material but she makes you earn your grade. Make sure you stay up to date with your weekly group discussions and turn your assignments in on time and you will pass. She is very helpful!
5.0 : Dr. Kettler is awesome! This class can be boring, but she does her best to make it interesting. She lets you have three absences before it hurts your grade &amp; the midterm &amp; final are take home essay questions. She's super approachable and works hard to make sure her students feel that way. Seriously one of the BEST professors ever. Take her!!
3.0 : She's super nice and is willing to give feedback but she is the hardest grade. I would not take her class the material is super boring and its not worth sitting through to get a low grade. take with someone else
4.0 : I can't believe DR. Kettler doesnt have any reviews yet. She is awesome. I took POLS300 from her last in the spring. She really cares about all of her students, and will go above and beyond to meet with you outside of class. She always responds to her e-mails quick. Her class isnt the easiest, and she will take away attendance points if you miss
5.0 : Dr. Kettler is amazing. I took her for POLS 300 and decided to take another one of her classes. I was not disappointed. The class is hard, only because I do not have much interest in the subject, but if you read and show up to class, you'll definitely pass with an A. Seriously though, she's an amazing professor and any of her classes are fun!
5.0 : Many times during the semester I couldn't meet major deadlines since my dad had surgery and my sister had her baby. I let her know and she gave me an extra day to finish my papers. She gives great feedback and her class is direct and to the point. There is not a lot of busy work and she always gives you plenty of time to do the papers.
5.0 : Corinna is hot, and to top it off she is nice. She is willing to help a student, but you better be willing to put in some effort to participate. No exams , just 3 quizzes which are an easy A if you read the material which is not much. One or two projects. Will have to do some audio/visual presentations, but in group project. Great professor, proba
5.0 : Corinna is an AWESOME teacher. She really cares about her students and makes an effort to get to know each person. I had her for UF200 Civic and ethical foundations which was a hybrid class, so we only had to attend one day a week. Her class has weekly reading quizzes, group projects, and journals, which are not hard at all. I highly recommend!
5.0 : Really amazing professor! I had her for UF 200 and we only had to be there once a week--but you have to show up. You are assigned to a group the first week and stay with the same group for the entire semester which is nice and consistent. She makes an effort to know everyone in her classes and cares very much for her students. Grades very fairly
5.0 : Marcel is BY FAR my favorite professor yet at Boise State. He is so laid back and the class is easy to pass as long as you do your work. We had a few papers and a group final at the end of the semester. Way less work than any other UF class. He is hilarious and genuinely cares about all of his students. Highly recommend!!! ps he even brings snacks
4.0 : Took Lab from Her, she was awesome! She sometimes has a bit of a stuttering problem but she really loves teaching physics so it was easy to ignore. She helped us individually and addressed the whole class when we were all having the same problem. Beware, she does make you switch up groups every once in a while.
5.0 : Ross puts on a killer course. Yes, the material was challenging, but he is an excellent and knowledgeable professor. He comes off as being rough around the edges and intimidating, but if you show that you're willing to work your ass off for a good grade, he'll listen and work with you. I enjoy his attitude, wouldn't suggest if you're put off easily
4.5 : Professor Ross is easily one of the best professors I have had and although the class was killer and a ton of work, Professor Ross works with you to help you understand the materials. Attendance is optional, but you miss out on in class assignments if you are not there. Make sure to read assigned chapters before class as there is usually a quiz.
5.0 : Ross is the best instructor I've had in my academic career thus far.  He cares a great deal about the content and really 'get's it'.  If you have the chance to take a course from Ross, do it.  He is the only instructor that I've ever had that asks for feedback on his teaching style and actually implements it, nearly in real time. Great instructor.
5.0 : Ross is a fantastic professor! He is dedicated to teaching his students skills that are useful in the real world. He isn't focused on teaching us to regurgitate information from he textbook. He uses the textbook as a tool to teach these skills. Classes are not mandatory but there is group work and homework that you miss out on if you skip.
4.0 : Professor Ross is a great guy. He really cares about his students &amp; bent over backwards to make sure the class was prepared for tests. If he needed to spend a day to review he would &amp; he wouldn't hesitate to answer any questions. The class itself was fairly difficult and you will need to buy the book and go to class b/c there are in class quizzes.
4.0 : Ross's lectures are very repetitive. Participation is daily and you have to know the reading material to earn participation points in the class. He uses a lot of Ted Talks in class and you will be tested on that information from the videos. Clearly knows what is talking about and relates it to his real life clinicals.
4.0 : Ross was a great professor. I was really nervous about this class and it was easily the hardest class I had all semester, but he made it very clear what his expectations were and provided a lot of helpful feedback. He really wants you to learn, and I learned a lot from taking this class from him.
5.0 : Best instructor I've had at BSU so far. Took him for Research Methods and Intro to Counseling, and learned a great deal in both. Participation is big in his classes, you need to be there to get the best grade possible.
3.5 : Loved the Teacher but the class is killer!!! Teacher does a great job of explaining things but the book is super confusing! Lot of writing but he spreads it out and makes it very clear with what content you need in each place!
4.0 : Once you understand his style for lecture, you will be able to survive the class. Make sure you are actually focusing in class because he goes super fast. If you don't understand it, it is OKAY! You will have TAs and make sure to click "View an Example" not "Help me to solve this".  Other than that, it is an easy class to pass.
5.0 : Really great class! I learned a ton through the excel style it's taught in! Way better than non-excel stats class. He's really smart and very helpful! Going to class is not mandatory but it's very helpful, and you get the class to work on the homework with other people and ask him questions. He's very helpful and understanding! I learned a lot!
5.0 : Best professor at BSU. Takes a hard subject and makes it possible. If you have to take Statistics take this professor.
5.0 : Best Professor at BSU. Very very helpful teacher..
1.0 : The professor is clear with his grading criteria. However, My personal experience tends to differ from others here. I had Emailed the professor about a problem on MyITlab and told me to come in during the hours for the class. I had gone to the building and it was locked. I went there three times and no change. Instructions are poor for assignments
5.0 : he is the best Professor I have ever took a class with. he is helpful and will try to things as easy as possible for the students.
4.5 : Eliot is a decent teacher, for a dry subject. Attend class, he gives hints to test questions. He allows open notesbookexcel for tests. Fairly easy class all-in-all.
5.0 : Eliot is an incredibly helpful bus stats professor. Being able to use Excel documents for tests is not only helpful, but practical. Although lectures are not necessarily fun or interesting (I HATE statistics) everything he talks about is relevant to tests as well as content. HIGHLY recommend taking for either 207, and I'm taking 208 now too.
5.0 : Awesome guy! Didn't use the textbook at all. People make this class overly complicated and end up with B's and C's. Just do the HW and study plans and you will do fine. LOTS of work though.
3.5 : He can be pretty dry, but he knows that stats is tough, so gives a ton of extra credit. Will help you when you ask him for it. If you do your homework and read the chapters, you should do just fine.
4.0 : Kelly is extremely helpful and definitely cares about her students. Tests are tough but not impossible; just use the study guide she gives and you will be fine. There is a paper/presentation due at the end of the semester but she is more than willing to help and give input.
5.0 : Very easy course, great professor to take Medical Terminology with. Definitely would recommend taking course in person with her.
3.5 : Kelly is a great professor, some assignments are vague but she cares more that you put effort into the work. Extremely helpful and willing to give input. There is a final paper but it's only about 5 pages and you have the whole semester to write it. A lot of test answers are on quizlet, she is very strict about copy/pasting answers.  Great class!
5.0 : Mikkel Nelson is an incredible teacher that really cares about his students. He takes the time to learn everyone's name and he teaches the material in a way that it is very easy to learn. I wish I could continue to take him throughout my ASL classes.
5.0 : Such a nice guy! Really cares about his students and such a good teacher!
4.0 : Mikkel was a great ASL teacher! His teaching was easy for me to learn, beware tho, all his tests or quizzes are online, he'll remind you but not heavily so just don't forget or you'll be stuck with a 0/20 and make sure you do all your hw when he checks it he asks for a random page and if you don't have it done you get a 0/20 NO MATTER WHAT!
5.0 : Mikkel is one of my all time favorite professors. I have learned so much from this class because of his teaching. Not one word is said in class, but I feel like I've learned more than in any other class. I highly recommend taking this class with him.
5.0 : I am so glad I took Mikkel. Yes, he is deaf but he is always willing to help you understand in any way. There are a lot of projects but as long as you go to class and practice you will pass. Do the homework and you will pass.
4.0 : Mikkel is a great ASL professor. He's a pretty easy going dude and isn't a harsh when it comes to grading assignments. Although, he will not excuse an absence for literally anything, regardless if you had a death in the family or not. If you get sick a lot I don't recommend taking ASL in class at all because if you miss 5 classes they fail you.
5.0 : Best teacher I've had if you have the chance to take classes from him do it
5.0 : She does Communications classes as well. Double check your grammar.
5.0 : Carol is an excellent teacher who is well educated in her teachings. She fosters a great learning environment and is very passionate about neuroscience. I loved taking her workshop and will take more classes from her in the future.
4.5 : Carol Rodriguez gives information with great clarity. I would recommend her to anyone.
4.0 : Her weekend workshops are great.
5.0 : Her neuroscience in mediation seminar is fantastic.  I would like to more classes with her in the future.
5.0 : This class was well worth giving up a weekend for.  It was fun, entertaining, educational and insightful. The  Information taught can be used in all aspects of your life. The book that was part of the required reading was fabulous.  I have bought 2 since the workshop to give as gifts. The instructor was great! We need more class like this one.
4.0 : This workshop was very informative and I learned a lot of interesting neuroscience topics in this class. I would have liked to have heard how students could relate to this topic by having less lecturing and more conversations amongst everyone.
5.0 : Carol Rodriguez is definitely an expert in her field. She's very knowledgeable and personable and communicates in a way that students can actually understand and apply to practice, which is refreshing because not all professors can capture that the way she does. She's inspirational in or out of class; absolutely one of the best college experiences!
4.5 : We go through college looking for skills of lifelong value, and Carol  teaches these. Her classes hone on powerful communication tools, hand in hand with recent findings in neuroscience. Her textbook, Words Can Change Your Brain, is in league with Crucial Conversations, and is the most powerful book I've read on on Leadership and Bonding.
5.0 : Took the class as a weekend workshop and enjoyed the class. The course overall had a good perspective for analyzing conflict resolution.
5.0 : Loved the neuroscience taught in her class. I wish Boise State offered more classes focused on this topic. Prof Rodriguez is a great teacher. She uses lots of analogies in her lectures as well as videos and classroom interaction. This class is not boring at all. The book is even easy to read if you enjoy studying human nature. This class Teaches li
2.0 : Carol was rude and passive aggressive. She took a topic that I was excited to learn about and she made it no fun and definitely not interesting. She made going to class really hard. There are many other professors that I've heard great things about to where no one should take it from Carol. She is flighty and not consistent with her grading.
5.0 : Carol is an amazing professor!! She really knows what she is talking about. Her knowledge about mediation and neuroscience is inspiring.
5.0 : Awesome class! Learning about conflict resolution, mediation, and neuroscience has been the highlight of my semester. She has helped me solve many different conflicts and given me the skills and tools to solve further conflicts. I would recommend this class and Carol as a professor to everyone.
5.0 : Came into this class thinking it would be fairly boring. I found it to be completely opposite of boring. I usually skip a few classes each semester but always wanted to be at class. This was mostly because of the way she lectures. she keeps your attention throughout the entire class.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this professor, not only because she made it easy to learn and retain the information, but she brought forth new information abut neuroscience and conflict management that other professors didn't.  I already found the info I learned in this useful in my outside life.
4.0 : Carol is very authentic in her teaching style. She cares about helping her students to succeed and is very approachable and honest. After you take her class you will have an understanding of conflict management that will benefit your personal and professional life for years to come.
5.0 : Carol is great I can't wait until next semester when I have her again.
4.0 : Her classes are extremely straight forward and you know what you need to do. She makes everything in her class applicable to life and gives examples of when it will be able to use the material.
5.0 : Carol does a great job in her lectures by making them fun and engaging. I definitely recommend taking any class from her.
5.0 : Loved her workshop and her, amazing professer
5.0 : I really enjoyed her upbeat way of teaching.
5.0 : Took the time to help me to complete this class. Fair, and I enjoyed the topics covered. Cutting edge theories.
5.0 : Loved her workshop and her, amazing professer, would definitely recommend22
5.0 : Life long valuable lessons applicable to any degree. Is helpful outside of class in assisting her students in using the information she teaches in class.
5.0 : This was my first class with Carol and it was a delight. The information she provided was information that I can use in my every day life and is valuable info. She had the class work in groups at times and it was a very comfortable environment. She was very knowledgeable.
5.0 : Great class!
5.0 : Carol is a very optimistic, knowledgable teacher. She knows how to keep you engaged and inspired. She is a mediator as well as a teacher and provides a lot of real world examples. This is now my 3rd class with Carol and I would absolutely recommend her.
5.0 : Carol was awesome! Very interesting to listen to and cares about you learning the information!
5.0 : Carol has a lot of life experience and will help you further your career/reach your goals if you ask. She is very nice and her weekend workshop is great!
5.0 : Carol is such an awesome instructor, never at BSU have I had such a caring, compassionate and energetic instructor. I really enjoyed the topic of this class and her ability to use her own life experiences to foster learning. she made coming to class on the weekend worth it. I will definitely be taking her other classes, and use what she teaches.
5.0 : She has a great ability to connect to your everyday life. This class is engaging and you will learn alot. Highly recommend this class.
5.0 : I highly recommend taking 494 Dispute Resolution from Carol. Carol is great at teaching the theory and how it can be applied everyday in the workplace, with family, friends, and strangers. Great course! Oh and the book is only $12 at the Bookstore and it's a keeper, great information. (no expensive textbooks)
5.0 : The class was very interesting and I really liked her experience and the way she really wanted you to grasp the material. She gave personal experiences that would help us relate to the material. I would definitely take her again!
5.0 : Nonverbal communication and conflict is a valuable workshop for any degree! Carol was knowledgeable and offered practical applications. She interacted with the class and created an environment that included discussion from everyone.
5.0 : Carol is one of the most genuine people I know. Her content matter is very relate-able and she makes lectures very personable. Her background in neuroscience really clarifies &amp; backs up what she teaches. She is extremely knowledgeable, and aside from that she just wants to see others grow and reach their full potential. Life changing.
5.0 : Carol has positive vibes and such a great all around personality. She is very knowledgeable and brings real 'juicy' lectures to the classroom with professional, educational, and personal knowledge. I've never considered neuroscience, but she is so easy and great to listen to, I'll definitely find another class that she teaches!
5.0 : Great lecturer to learn from. Workshops are really easy but still manage to create a lot of value for the students. Content is easily digestible and immediately applicable, which is a big plus. There should be no problem staying focused in class as the lectures are engaging and short breaks are typically given every hour or so.
4.5 : Carol is great! Class if focused on utilizing concepts, not just memorization. As a professional mediator, she is great at helping students with their issues outside of class. Assigns short weekly papers as homework (easy).
5.0 : Carol is a professional mediator and therefore understands the importance of application not just memorizing theory and definitions from the book. Gives interesting lectures and encourages student participation. Typically one chapter to read each week, most weeks a short paper to write for homework and a quiz, even had a "field trip". Fun Class
4.5 : Fun lectures. Carol is super laid back and organized which allows class to flow smoothly with high class participation.
5.0 : Carol is a great professor! As a professional mediator she has great insight on conflict and how to properly and adequately deal with conflict. She has given tons of students great adivce on how to deal with their own interpersonal conflict. There are short papers and quizzes, but they are fairly easy. I would definitely recommend taking her class!
5.0 : Carol is AWESOM! Definitely one of the best professors I've had at Boise State. She makes the material relatable to life and tests our knowledge through application. She's a lot of fun and easy to to talk to. Definitely recommend taking her course! She ROCKS!
5.0 : Carol is AMAZING! I was hesitant take this course not knowing what I was getting in too.  The class is structured to be interactive with hand on learning! We are able to apply the techniques we learn to every day situations. I never miss a class because Carol makes Conflict Management FUN!!!
5.0 : Carol was the best professor that I have had at Boise State. She teaches valuable life lessons, and applies the class content to every day life, and keeps lectures very interesting. I strongly suggest taking this class!!!
5.0 : Her lectures are very interesting, you'll want to go to class. Lots of small papers and quizzes.  She has been one of my favorite teachers at BSU.
5.0 : Ms. Rodriguez is an inspiring lecturer. She genuinely cares about her students and wants to see you succeed. I took the 3 hour class, and she would normally lets us out 15-30 minutes early. If you put the effort in, you will do well. I won't say it was the most difficult class, but it's because she makes it interesting to learn. Take the class.
5.0 : Carol is an awesome professor. You can really tell that she is really passionate about the subject and really wants us to take away a lot of things from her conflict management class. You do write a lot of papers but they are not that bad. Take her if you can! Interesting fact: we both share the same last name but are of a different ethnicity.
5.0 : Carol is an AMAZING instructor. I SO enjoyed her class and highly recommend it. There are a few papers to write throughout the course and definitely a lot of quizzes. However, show up and it will be easy!
5.0 : Carol is super understanding if you need help due to personal issues throughout the semester. She also encourages neuroscience which BSU definitely lacks. I wish there were more classes to take with her!!
5.0 : Carol is by far my favorite teacher! She is genuine, nice, and approachable. She has a passion for neuroscience so understands how your brain learns and retains info. She makes learning easy and is very reasonable with her expectations. She treats you like and adult and allows negotiation on due dates if reasonable. This class was not stressful.
5.0 : Great Professor!  Has a wonderful background and can really make a conflict management class fun!
5.0 : This is an awesome teacher . She is a tough grader on the essays but she helps you though it. She keeps the class exciting and she is funny. I felt like she cared about if her students failed . I would take another class from her. Classes are not made to be easy if they were easy would we really learn? Loved this teacher!
5.0 : Carol is an amazing professor. She uses a lot of her past experiences to teach the class so it makes it easier and more enjoyable for you to understand. She mostly assigns papers and can be a little tough of a grader, but the papers are easy to write. I highly recommend taking a class with Carol!
5.0 : Carol is a great professor! Her lectures are fun and engaging and very hands on. You enter the class with a million questions on how to solve a specific conflict and you will leave knowing exactly how to deal with it. She also brings in a lot of fun neuroscience tips. Easy quizzes and papers, just show up and pay attention and you will do great.
3.0 : I really enjoyed Carol as a person. She cares a lot about her students and is really on your side. The only thing I struggled with in the class was trying to figure out what her expectations were. We also did a large amount of negotiation dealing with money which I did not feel was applicable to my everyday life.
5.0 : She very approachable, always in a lovely mood, and she certainly wants you to pass, and will be lenient with you when ALEKS kicks ur butt. Shes also very on top of it, and the posted handwritten worked out assignment answer keys are very helpful. Best professor IMO. Also, I don't mean to objectify but its certainly not difficult to pay attention
5.0 : Stephanie was a great instructor and you can tell she math is her passion. She was always really helpful and tried to clarify any confusion. Tough class with a lot of homework and requirements. Learned a lot and loved the course.
5.0 : Easy grading
5.0 : I love this teacher so much! She is so nice and she truly wants you to pass! She gives your test grades back very fast! 10/10 would recommend! Would take her again!
5.0 : She is a great professor and really gets into what she is teaching. Willing to help you with you do not understand. Always replies to emails quickly.
5.0 : Nicole has good lectures and really knows what she's talking about. She grades her papers anonymously through blackboard which I liked. There were quizzes throughout the semester, with study guides which are very helpful.
4.0 : Good lectures and overall reasonable work load for the class and the material that is assigned.  Nicky is well informed and passionate about her subject which helps her explain it well.  LOVE LOVE LOVE the anonymous grading system she uses for her papers.  SLA's were a bit tedious but not hard if you read the chapter like you are supposed to.
4.5 : Extremely wonderful professor. My only problem is that he tries to make it so that students, who ask outlandish and ridiculous questions, don't feel dumb. But I suppose that's also a good thing if you want to ask about alien life 24/7... He got a nice booty too
4.5 : He was super helpful. Willing to take extra time or even make an appointment to help any students. Provided the best feedback ever. I improved many skills after taking this class. He understands the situations of students and would be willing to help them out. I would highly recommend to take with him.
4.0 : Very personable and taught class from a real world perspective.  He was excited about the topic.  I didn't think the communication between the TA grading the projects and Brian was good at all.  TA would mark down for things that Brian said he wouldn't mark down on, but didn't do anything to correct the discrepancy.  All in all, nice guy.
4.5 : Some really tough homework assignments are given throughout the semester. But Brian is willing to help and seems to enjoy teaching more than most professors.
4.5 : Brian is a great professor.  He is involved in the development/integration of the schools website and seems to have a solid understanding of C and the subjects covered in class. These two characteristics make Brian a great addition to an already pretty good CS department.
4.5 : I took Brian for CS253. He was willing to help often after class as it seems like he really wants students to succeed. Lots of in class work to understand abstract topics. And hw were accepted late which seems rare in the CS department. Just an overall cool dude.  Classes weren't mandatory but there was a quiz every Friday.  Would take again.
4.5 : Dr. Pinto knows a lot about map history, an unfamiliar field for many people.  Students needed to expand their methods of interpretation and synthesis to handle several ideas presented in the class.  Lazy students will dislike her methods, but they are productive and Dr. Pinto's method of teaching works for those who really want to grow and learn.
2.0 : Really wanted to learn about Islamic Civilization, but this class quickly turned into a creative writing class. Not what I signed up for! loves digication, and writing center
3.5 : Awesome Professor! However, a lot of reading for her class. She loves digication.
3.0 : Professor Pinto is TOUGH. I had at least 80 pages of reading required before class and we were almost 2 weeks behind so the material was super confusing. She also expects you to know everything. She often times will start a sentence regarding an obscure detail and randomly call on you to answer it. Be prepared to put in a lot of work.
5.0 : Dr. Pinto is AMAZING!! She knows her medieval Islamic history. I have taken her twice for 2 different classes, and have never been disappointed. I always want to go to her class to learn more. Dr. Pinto is a very caring person, and really cares about her students. I have had to take my daughter with me to a few meetings, and she has never minded.
5.0 : Dr. Pinto is such a great Professor, and have been so lucky to take her. Boise State must really be lucky to have her, because the History department wouldn't be the same with out her. She is extremely caring, and wants you to do the best you can. She has a passion for Islamic History, and that really shows in her teaching. Take her class!!!
5.0 : She is my all time favorite professor. I took her 300 level course last semester and decided to take another one of her classes this semester as well. She challenges and encourages you while presenting the information in a relatable and applicable way.
5.0 : Karin Pinto exudes knowledge of Medieval Islamic History and generates a high level of energy and motivation.  Prof. Pinto encourages a learning environment of critical thinking. Compare and contrast, is there an argument or conflict to be had? I am grateful for her passion and challenging me to think outside of the box. She is a brilliant scholar.
5.0 : I am in Professor Pinto's History 151 class right now. She is an amazing teacher, and she has such a unique perspective. She genuinely cares about her student's success, and she will go the extra mile to help you. She is tough when she grades e-portfolios, but she is also very open to helping you improve your post before she grades it.
4.5 : Mark Galaviz is my FAVORITE professor. Hands down. Emails back within hours. Completely approachable office hours. Clear grading rubrics. If you have a chance to take a class from him- take it! But don't expect an easy A. Exams are hard. Very specific information is tested. But trust me- he's worth it.
5.0 : Great Professor. I learned so much in the class just through the lectures. He was very funny as well. He definitely has his fair share of jokes. Very enthusiastic and kept class interesting. However, the tests are hard. Harder though if you don't study!
5.0 : Expect to write and be vulnerable. Former army, expects you to show up ON TIME, EVERY TIME.  Clear grading criteria. Loves it when you think outside the box. Willing to help, but not always there during office hours unless prior arrangements have been made, willing to meet other times as well. COMMUNICATE and he will respond.  Show good effort.
5.0 : I have never met a professor that cares more about his students. Don't get me wrong, you HAVE to do the work in order to get an A. However,  he reads every single word in your papers and will give awesome feedback. Do the work, STUDY for the tests, and he'll have your back. If you like doing homework at the last minute, you are screwed.
4.5 : He is pretty good for a 101 teacher, and he lets you do speeches on almost anything you want, but you will have 4 speeches in front of the class.
4.5 : I LOVE THIS GUY. I have the class at 9 am but Mark makes it enjoyable and he cares about the subject he is teaching. You will have a few assignments but do the work and you'll be fine. He provides a study guide for every test, use them and you will do well on the test! There are four speeches in front of the class, but he is there if you need help!
5.0 : I LOVED this class, mainly because of professor. Mark truly cares about his students, and is the sole reason I hardly missed one of our 7:30 a.m. classes. He was always available during his office hours if you had questions, and answered emails quickly. He does assign homework, but as long as you do them you'll be fine. Would recommend!!
4.0 : This is my second semester with Ali. She is a wonderful professor. I would highly highly highly recommend.
3.5 : Allison King is a pretty laid back professor. She understands that life can get in the way of due dates some times and is willing to work with students to make each assignment as meaningful and helpful as possible. She is super sweet, although at times she lacks clarity in explaining assignments. However, I would recommend her to anyone.
4.5 : Ali is probably one of the best teachers I've had. She's very understanding and will totally help you out with anything you need. She makes sure to remember everyone's name, respects you, and cares for you. She's a teacher I would recommend to anybody.
4.0 : She is an amazing professor. Lacks a little in clarity about assignments, but she makes up for that in working with you. She flexible when it comes to assignments because she understands that life happens.
5.0 : Ali is such an amazing professor. A bit confusing when explaining assignments, but makes up for it by being available. She is happy to meet with anyone when it works for the student. I would 100% recommend taking her class. She is probably the best professor that I have had. She shows that she cares about us as individuals and that is hard to find
4.0 : Quizzes are tough if you don't understand the hw or slides.  Overall one of the better teachers at the school.
5.0 : Deb is a great professor. His grader grades is quizzes very harsh but if you talk to him and it is fair he will give some points back. The quizzes are difficult and they are worth quite a bit usually 35%. If you go to lectures and study for quizzes you will pass. Just put in the time and you will pass. He is one of the best professors at BSU.
5.0 : Dr. Lu is a great professor. Junior civil engineering courses are hard and time consuming. Construction Materials is a nice break from the other more demanding courses. The lab is the most technical writing heavy course you'll take as undergraduate.
5.0 : Super easy class, he puts all of his lectures online so you never really have to go to class and attendance isn't mandatory. Just read the lectures for the quizzes and study for the exam and you'll do great.
5.0 : Brian Stone was fantastic. All powerpoints are available online, which saved me. I only went to one class a week and still pulled an A. The only critique I would have is that the textbook was a completely different entity. He did not refer to it once. Unless he changes his ways- don't buy it. Overall, GREAT prof. Take his class if given the chance.
5.0 : Professor Stone was great! The class was pretty interesting, but I'm mad I bought the book.
4.0 : He is a great and engaging professor who really knows the material. He is so passionate about teaching and psychology that I absolutely loved his Intro to Psych class! Going to his office hours is always a good idea too!
4.0 : He's an easy grader, explains it in a simple and interesting way while still teaching you something. He's also freaking hilarious. Compared to what I've heard about other psychology professors, I'd recommend him over anyone.
5.0 : More math than I expected and must read the book. Takes attendance some classes so you have to go but class helps ALOT cause the book is confusing. He posts slides. the practice questions are awesome, do those!! Exams were harder than a past class i took with him but the topic is fun and applys to life and my kids
5.0 : The math is hard but he is good at explaining it and he will help you so much if you ask for it or go to office hours. Do all the homework because its worth a lot. The practice problems he makes are most important because that is what tests are like. Attendance optional but I felt like I feel behind when I missed a day.
5.0 : Amazing professor!
5.0 : The book is confusing so it won't make sense until he covers it but the worksheets are easy. Exams are hard but not bad if you study the slides. More animal research than I expected but he is energetic so it is fun
5.0 : This professor is amazing! Super funny and he knows what he is talking about, however he's big enough to admit when something is not his area of expertise. You can tell how much he enjoys what he does, his tests aren't too hard if you study, he is very clear about what will be on the tests.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR I HAVE EVER HAD!! Explains material so well! Statistics is not an easy class so expect to work for your grade but, Professor Stone is always there to help you if you are confused. WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
4.0 : Great teacher! He is super passionate about what he's teaching which makes the information more interesting. It is a lecture class so expect power points and taking notes but he makes them engaging. Also i never used my textbook, I wouldn't get it unless if you want to learn more about the information.
5.0 : Prof. Stone is a super funny dude who is also a really good teacher. Lecture attendance is not necessary for passing the class, the professor posts all his lecture slideshows online and they are really easy to follow. However, his lectures are funny and usually more interesting with several videos and examples throughout.
5.0 : Such an amazing professor! His lectures are very engaging and when you email him a question he is very descriptive in his responses! He uploads all the powerpoints online, which is super helpful when you miss a day! Hes very kind and easy to talk to!
4.0 : He's really awesome, but there's quizzes every week and occasional assignments. His grading is really clear though.
4.0 : He's amazingly enthusiastic, you don't have to go to the lectures but trust me you'll want to.
5.0 : Highly recommend Dr. Stone.  High energy, very funny and really explains the material.  Highly recommend going to the lectures, even though attendance is not mandatory.   All class discussions are based on slides and he uploads them onto blackboard after every class.  You won't be disappointed with this professor.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. His lectures are super interesting and engaging. Any assignment is CLEARLY  explained. Most importantly, Professor Stone is there to HELP YOU, and he wants to. He is so passionate about psychology and that makes learning that much more fun!!!
5.0 : He's a great professor who cares about his students. He's understanding and prepares students very well for the tests. The text book wasn't even required because he was worried about the price. As long as you attend lecture( he makes them actually interesting!) or study the power points pretty well you should do well in the class.
5.0 : Highly recommend! Very easy to approach, posts all slides online, weekly online quizzes but very easy he lets you use notes. His lectures are very interesting and he is full of energy, you can see his passion for the subject throughout the lecture. I had a lot of fun in this class would take him again.
5.0 : Brian is an awesome professor. Makes class super interesting and is a very lovable person. Love his approach to psychology!
5.0 : Brian is the best professor you will have. He is caring, enthusiastic, hilarious, empathetic, and amazing. He answers all questions thoroughly and goes out of his way to make sure  you are doing as well in the class as you can. Stats is easy for me, but I get the sense that he makes it much more approachable for others. Also a huge GoT fan. 10/10.
5.0 : Brian is the epitome of what a teacher should be. He is more willing than any prof to meet one on one, to explain math problems in gory detail over email or Bb, answer emails so quickly, and make math not feel like a math class. He loads his slides with memes and funny analogies, and he connects what we are learning to real psychology statistics.
5.0 : Brian Stone was an awesome teacher who made the material so easy to understand. I hardly showed up because he doesn't take attendance and puts his powerpoints online. I simply studied those for the midterm and final (only tests) and did very well. I wish I had him for a harder psych class because he's so witty &amp; makes class interesting. Great guy.
4.5 : Brian is a super nice and laid back guy. His lectures are really easy to follow because he provides PowerPoint presentations for you to follow. This also makes skipping class easy to do but even with a class of 250 he realizes who skips. Don't buy the book I didn't even open mine. Class has two tests both fairly easy, quizzes are online &amp;open note
4.0 : He's really easy. Just take notes and pay attention. Do your work and you'll easily pass.
5.0 : Brian was the coolest teacher I've ever had. He's very knowledgeable and if he cannot answer your question, he will find out or share information about it after class. He's hilarious and teaches from the slides in class. He doesn't regurgitate information from the slides but goes in depth about what's being talked about. Don't buy the textbook.
5.0 : Brian was GREAT! His class is easy if you pay attention. He is hilarious and his lectures are really interesting and entertaining. He loves when people ask questions, and he really takes the time answer the question thoroughly, and clarifies things really well. 10/10 would TOTALLY takes any of his classes again, without a doubt.
5.0 : 3 exams in class 2 long papers 8 short papers about pdf articles and experiments you do, the kaneman book is long but great, textbook isnt required, class is fun
5.0 : Sensation &amp; Perception. First off he strives to give you access to FREE resources instead of paying $100+ on a book you'll use once. Amazing lecturer, always replies to emails, will personally research any questions you have that he doesn't know the answers to, and if you like GIFs he's your guy. NO TESTS! Open book/note quizzes (takes at home)!
4.5 : Brian was absolutely amazing! He was so funny and passionate about what he was teaching. It's an easy A as long as you complete all of the work and he's always encouraging office hours. Definitely recommend taking him.
5.0 : Hard and way more neuroscience than I expected but totally interesting. He makes boring stuff fun. The exams were hard but he gives you a notecard. Quizzes were open book but hard too. The hallucinations book is awesome but some of the journal article studies for the reading journals were confusing.
4.0 : Her power points were firrrreeee. I always felt like I missed something when I skipped and she has clicker quizzes every class. She was a good teacher and I felt like I learned a lot from the course. BEWARE OF TESTS they are difficult and you need to study.
5.0 : Kerrie is a great teacher. Show up, do your work, and ask questions when you have them. The tests are 90% slide lecture material. Research papers are expected to be college level. Field work demands participation. Grading is clear and fair. Not an easy class unless you put in the effort. Kerrie is there to help
5.0 : I learned so much from this course!
5.0 : Kerri is awesome! I found that attending all the classes and labs was the most important thing in order to pass. All the stuff on the tests were from her lectures. So paying attention is key. There are weekly readings and reading quizzes but they're not too difficult. Would definitely recommend this class and prof.
4.0 : Kerrie is very knowledgable about her subject but has a hard time conveying it to students. She is very helpful one-on-one . She crams in a ton of material in a short amount of time so be prepared to keep up on studying or you won't do well on tests. There is a huge scientific research paper worth 30 percent of your grade but it is clearly defined.
4.0 : Kerrie is a good professor. She is clearly knowledgeable about global environmental science and tells you what she expects from you. My only complaint is that she is lecture heavy and she gives us A LOT of information. Still a great professor though.
5.0 : Good, clear, organized lectures. Very scheduled. Grade points are 1/10  from online Connect assignments,1/4 through lab, and the rest from exams. The tests are fairly hard in content, but are well-written and she will use a curve. She cares about and is very invested in her students. She is a scientist at heart and is a great source of information.
5.0 : WOW SON!! HE IS THE BOMB DOT COM BRO, MY NIG, HE HELPED ME SO MUCH, HE BE MAD CARING AND KNOWS ALL DEM BOYS IN HIS CLASS, HE AMAZING BRO! DEFINITELY TAKE THIS AGAIN MY G, DEF BRO, NO DOUBT! YO AND HE GAVE ME DA OPPURTUNITY TO DO SOME XTRA CRED ASSIGNS BRO, YO THIS DUDE IS CHILL MAN, YO WHAT ELSE CAN I SAY ABOUT THIS GIFT MAN, RESPECT MUCH RESPECT
5.0 : Yeah I clicked things like "So Many Papers" and "Get Ready To Read" because there is a bit of that but everything is rather short. There is a lot of writing and reading throughout the semester but each "homework assignment" is rather short. Will be taking his 102 class next semester :)
3.5 : Tim is the best English teacher ever. Super chill and laid back. Super flexible on essays and a pretty easy grader. Just do the work and those no way you wont get an A.
4.0 : Tim is a very relaxed professor and is kind. This class is a joke because it is so easy but Tim makes this class bearable. Super easy A as long as you do most of the work most of the time. Isn't strict at all about getting work done by the next class. However, I would take English 101 online if I knew how easy this class was.
5.0 : Professor Griffith is a cool guy. He is very understanding and the assignments are relatable. If you do the work (minimal but important), you will easily pass with an A. Make sure to show up to class cause it is a BSU policy for English courses.
4.0 : I had no desire at all to take this class, but Anselme is the nicest guy and such a cool person. None of the readings or assignments are too hard. You can tell he's really passionate about what he's teaching and he'd be willing to help you with anything you needed.
5.0 : Emery is a really good English professor I took her for both English 101 and 102. She gives great feedback on papers and allows you to fix them and resubmit them if you are not satisfied with your grade. Shes available outside of class and is very nice/helpful. There is not very much hw and lots of time to work on essays including peer editing
4.0 : She's very vague when it comes to projects, which helps when you have no idea what you're doing. She's very sweet though, and if you don't do well, she tries her hardest to help you. She's laid back and is super funny.
5.0 : I loved taking English 101 with Dupree!! This class we fun, easy, and I learned a lot from it. A lot of the time she cancells class of Fridays!!
4.0 : Summer is a very understanding teacher, she knows a lot of students are coming into their first college level course and can be lenient but has a backbone at the same time. Course is outlined very well and she gives opportunity for revision which is very nice.  She gives you three absences free of repercussion. Would definitely recommend.
5.0 : She was awesome! She cancelled class a a lot which was nice. She was also a fair grader.
5.0 : I LOVE HER!!! I recommend taking English 101 from her 10000%. She super laid back and a very fair grader. If you have something come up and explain it to her she is very forgiving. She also cancels classes every now and then. She very real with her students about her mistakes and she lets us have some freedom within the classroom. best. prof. ever.
5.0 : Amazing teacher, she understands students struggles and issues that may come up and/or occur. She was a student at BSU as well and so she understands what her students are going through as she did so herself. If you show up and do the work, you will pass. Be careful, BSU is very harsh when it comes to attendance.
5.0 : Summer was awesome! I'd like to think of her as a friend more than a teacher. She gives really good feedback, a little strict, but gives you a really good grade if you try and participate. She is funny and tries to make the class less boring. Overall she is a very good teacher and I highly recommend her!
5.0 : TAKE THIS CLASS!!!! Best teacher on campus, very understanding, clear grading, and there are 2 main papers and one multimedia project that are your portfolio but she lets you go back and revise at the end of the year. She hates the class 3x a week and often cancels one, she's so sweet. wish I could take her for 102, TAKE HER CLASS.
4.0 : Summer is very laid back but wants you to succeed. She will listen to her students and she is not a super harsh grader. Gives good feedback. Also, for big projects she will give you an opportunity to revise for a higher grade. I'd definitely recommend her. Attendance is mandatory but if you email her she is understanding.
4.5 : Nolan is an awesome teacher. He is extremely laid back and understanding. Attendance is mandatory, but when it comes to homework assignments, if you really need an extension he's general pretty cool with it. He'll be honest about if you actually need to buy the book.
4.5 : Professor Turner is a great teacher. He is laid-back and an easy grader with a good sense of humor. He acts like just another student in the class. When meeting him one on one to discuss grades and whatnot, he is casual and friendly. Overall a great professor.
4.0 : Nolan is a great instructor. He is easygoing, but knows what makes a good story. He is very clear that nothing in your writing can be wrong, but that there are more effective ways than others to implement certain techniques. The peer-reviews were genuinely helpful, because we spent half the class learning how to analyze fiction. He's a great guy!
5.0 : Madison was the BEST English teacher I have ever had.  Madison really cares about her students! She responds quickly to emails &amp; gives great feedback.  GET INTO THIS CLASS B4 IT FILLS! Madison makes this class fun but still informative.  3 major assignments, and she makes these really easy/fun!  She is absolutely hilarious and an easy grader.
4.5 : She is very nice and she cares about her students. She wants all of her students to pass so lets her students create rubrics for writing criteria that is due. She is easy going and approachable.
5.0 : Truly cares about the success of her students and wants to help however she can. Explains the assignments clearly and stays in touch really well with emails. I'm hoping to take ENGL102 with her, she's great!
2.0 : I took Lisa for Cultural Anthropology. I am completely okay with having people discuss opinions but this class took it to a whole new level. She openly stated her opinion on controversial matters instead of simply addressing the material we needed to learn.
2.0 : This class is a fairly easy A. However, she definitely pushes her personal liberal agenda every single class and shoves it down your throat. I feel like this detracted from my overall learning of the actual topic of this course and took away from my experience. It was hard to have an opinion other than hers. That being said, she is very nice.
4.0 : I took her UF200 class online, super easy. Keep up with assignments and make sure you made the dealings and you should have no problem passing. Did one group research paper at the end of the year (not to bad). I would recommend if your looking for an easy relaxed class.
5.0 : Wonderful professor.  It's great to have an instructor that loves the subject and wants you to love it, too.
5.0 : I loved taking Global 101 from Lisa. She is very passionate about what she teaches and she actually makes the class fun. (Even went on a few class trips) As long as you keep up with the reading you'll do fine. I will definitely be taking more classes from her in the future.
5.0 : Didn't read first textbook, read second. 2 exams &amp; she tells you EXACTLY what to know. Literally right off the study guide. 1 final paper book report off of Travels of a T-Shirt book. Final project on literally anything and how it is globalized. Weekly geography quizzes easy peasy. Weekly journals just on your opinion or response to a question.
4.5 : Took her for UF200. The class was basically on oppression, which is a sad topic. She made it engaging and interesting. She related it back to Boise. Also, barely any homework. One group paper, one individual paper, and then volunteer hours. Every week you have a reading response due but it isn't that bad.
5.0 : Dr. Meierotto well she is a great person, she loves what she is doing, she comes from a great experience.  her UF200 class is an easy A no tests only a group paper and presentation. just be there and engage.
3.0 : I will say its the first Global 101 class given by her but lectures were unclear. If you don't show up to class she WILL ask for a doctors note and take points if you don't give one to her. (I only had to miss class one time) She takes skipping class personally. Super heavy on making you interact with other people. Other than that easy A.
5.0 : Everyone at BSU needs to take Ashley. She is a great conflict management professor and knows exactly how to work with her class without making it boring, and useless. I would change my major for this professor if I wasn't graduating.
5.0 : Ms. Ashely is absolutely awesome and ALWAYS willing to help you understand class assignments. Her conflict management class is very interesting and her required books a super cheap to buy! :)
1.0 : Loves to grade papers with a boat load of incoherent scribbling.  Assumes you have taken her other classes and incorporates that subject matter  into 498 whether it pertains or not.
1.5 : Very tough grader, returns papers written ALL OVER. Papers range from a few pages to 12 pages. Alos, isn't aways clear on what she wants written. Lots of research needed and also presenting your major paper to the class at the end of the semester. There is also a crazy amount of reading, the text is very dense. Tests and quizzes are really hard.
5.0 : Dr. Rohlfing is a blessing for the intelligent student who wants to learn &amp; grow. Amazing &amp; brilliant; gives insightful feedback on papers &amp; takes time after class to help students. Her comm conference for our papers was something I'll never forget. She is there for YOU. If you don't want to learn, take an adjunct. Mary is the best &amp; BSU needs her.
5.0 : Mary's teaching made me a theory fanatic! I didn't look forward to a theory class, but now (with awesome paper comments and conferences with her), I get it and want more! Mary requires papers that really make you THINK. Take them seriously. See her during office hours. She is always there &amp; so helpful &amp; smart. Best faculty member in comm dept. Thx!
5.0 : Until I took Dr. Rohlfing's senior seminar class, I was totally disillusioned by the comm faculty. Either they were preaching useless critical theory or simple lists---I didn't learn. Mary cares that students get it. She is tough &amp; such a good paper grader. I should've been scared but instead thrived with the direction. She is a genius, and kind.
5.0 : Mary needs to teach in the comm dept all the time, not just one semester or two. She finally broke through my barrier to theory. Mary taught me that we are all theory-laden, and now I see the world differently. Several shorter papers and she will mark them all up. If you want to improve, go thru ALL her comments. Always available to discuss papers.
5.0 : Mary is fantastic. I learned so much from her and wish I could take her class again. She has some papers and other assignments which will take up a lot of your time, but she's really great at lecturing and you'll learn a lot if you listen to her.
5.0 : Mary was born to teach. I  just could reAlly follow what she was saying even though the lessons were hard. Mary is there for students and really does care. I like being around her and have learned so much already. I hope to take more of her classes
5.0 : Why would any other prof teach comm theory? Dr. R is such a good, clear instructor. If you don't get it, meet with her in her office hours. Don't waste her time, but get right to the point and she will help you. I learned more about writing from Dr. R than  most other profs. She is so dedicated to helping students; an amazing woman!
5.0 : Dr. Rohlf--TAKE HER! She teaches 271 right. I have friends in the other sections and we all write these BS blogs 10 minutes B4 class. Dr. R had enough and told us she would assign real writing assignments so we would actually learn to write better. In the 3 weeks since she did that, I'm amazed at what I've learned. Tough, funny, and worth it.
5.0 : Mary is actually Dr. Mary, but is so laid back and chill. Teaches 101 and I am so glad I took it from a 'real' prof instead of a grad student or part-timer. She is so smart but more important is challenging and doesn't water it down. Hate the book but always went to class because of Dr. Mary, she is one of those great teachers you hear  about.
3.5 : He has 3 sectional exams, and an optional prep class the class before each. The lectures usually take the whole time, but he makes it interesting/funny. Part of the final exam are questions from previous tests and extra credit is available in a "do it anyway you want" style. Overall, boring class made great by this prof. Bonus: he has an accent
5.0 : He knows a lot about the subject since that's what his degree is in. The lectures can be a little dry, but he recognizes that and tries to make them interesting and applicable. A lot of students in my class seem to like him and have taken multiple classes from him.
5.0 : Overall a really good teacher, he understands the material is dry, and tries to work around it. There is virtually no homework, but you have to be careful because there are not many points in the class. He responds to emails within a day or two, and makes lectures enjoyable.
3.5 : I took Dr. Brinker for Cog Psych. The tests were somewhat tough, but he graded on a curve and offered almost an entire test worth of points of extra credit for papers. The only HW were Cog Labs, which were simple to say the least. He is a genuinely nice person and a good teacher, the material was just very dry.
3.5 : Brinker is new to BSU and to teaching. He is an adjunct professor working in neuro-psych which means he is way more interesting and has lots of personal experience examples to draw from. The tests were't super difficult but contained trick questions. I did not read the text and just took basic notes on the lecture. If you show up you'll be fine.
3.5 : Dr. Brinker is not too far removed from being a student himself so he is very helpful and aware of student struggles. He does not require a textbook but instead uses a free online reference site. I attended lectures and only looked at the site a few times and got an A. I definitely recommend Brinker and would happily take another class with him.
5.0 : Dr. Brinker is amazing. He posts his powerpoints on Blackboard which is helpful because you can just listen to lecture rather than frantically try to write everything down. Definitely go to lecture. It's informative and he makes it interesting. He only tests on materials that he has covered. Great class, great professor.
5.0 : Kim is really easy going and approachable. She cares about the success of her students. She's very straightforward about what she wants for most assignments, and is willing to answer any questions. She allows you to use notes on the midterm, which is RARE in grad school.
5.0 : He is so kind and he always try to help student in need. His lecture is so funny. He gives students advice to be success at class. I really recommend his class who is thinking about taking public health.
5.0 : Uwe is so kind and really cares about the success of his students. He is quite funny and tells many interesting stories which bring the textbook material to life. He has a lot of experience in the field. He is very clear about what is required and how to earn an A. There are two exams and one presentation in this course, and attendance is graded.
5.0 : He's a great professor and tells you exactly whats going to be on the test. Definitely one of my favorite professors ever.
5.0 : Best Teacher,Very helpful....
4.0 : Brady is a great guy and very helpful. He isn't the *best* teacher I've had just b/c he doesn't really know how to explain the material unless you have a basic understanding of it. But, he is very clear on what he expects, tells you exactly what is on the tests, and makes it extremely easy to pass. Would DEFINITELY recommend and would take again.
5.0 : Brady is one of the best teachers at Boise State.  He uses a reverse classroom where he has videos to teach you the course content, and then goes over the material in class.  He uses Excel instead of crazy formulas. Brady will work with you no matter what you are struggling with.  I wish he taught 208 since I would take any class from him.
5.0 : He is the best professor I have had in a while, I really wish he also thought 208 :( But I am so glad I had the privilege to take the class from him
5.0 : Refik is a great professor. Really cares about his students. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Refik is a wonderful professor. He responds to emails very quickly and always encourages questions. He's a nice grader and gives lots of feedback. If you have the option to take UF200 with him, you should!
5.0 : Respect this Prof a lot, he lays everything out that he wants and with the papers he literally give you an example that he had written on what he is looking for. Take this class with him!
4.0 : Refik cares about his students. If you take the time to ask him how his day is going, he doesn't mind telling you and it'll probably give you brownie points. If you ask him a question, he will ask if you have referred to the syllabus but will then answer your question. Chill teacher highly recommend
5.0 : I took ED-LLC 200 online from Refik and Belma. WONDERFUL professors. Grading criteria was clear. We had discussion board posts every week and they gave helpful feedback on every single one of them. It's obvious that they really cared about their students and wanted them to succeed. Weren't super tough graders. Highly recommend.
5.0 : If you have to take UF 200 take it with him! Probably the best teacher ever and the class is really hard not to pass. Just participate and do what you are supposed to do. Very well laid out and there is no text required. Super deep and thoughtful teacher!
5.0 : Professor Wazenried was hands down my favorite teacher I have had in my 4 years at Boise State. He was my Poetry professor and the atmosphere he created for a workshop class was immaculate.  His feedback is amazing and you can tell he takes the time to read, appreciate, and respond to your poetry. Giving nothing but constructive feedback.
5.0 : Ian rocks! He is so easy and I got perfect scores on every lab report. He is also very helpful and knows what he is talking about. I learned a lot from this lab without having the pressure of the grade. He also gives me a good laugh every time I go to lab. He knows the class is hard for some people and lets the lab be a buffer to your grade. GO IAN
5.0 : Poetry teacher! Best workshops I've ever had. Kerri Webster brings great examples of contemporary work into the classroom and leads discussions that are comfortable but also very interesting. Everyone seems to want to be there.
5.0 : Read the poetry before class, do your papers/project on time, go to all the classes and participate.  She just wants everyone involved.  Very laid back professor but not to be taken advantage of.
5.0 : I had this professor for English 101 as well. I recommend checking your email daily, as he frequently sends out reminders of upcoming assignments. The textbook is used for certain assignments.
4.0 : Very good at communicating with students about what is due the upcoming week and what his expectations for them are. There's 4 units and each unit is just building onto the final research paper which is due at the end of the semester. Show up, participate, and try a little bit and you'll get an A
5.0 : Great guy! He is quirky and funny. He genuinely cares about his students and is very understanding. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Erickson is so great I look him for Eng101 and 102! He is pretty quirky but knowledgable and always willing to help you with any questions you have. He's an easy grader but be prepared to write a lot.   You will need the book and he allows you 3 absences without it affecting you. He's very lenient and overall an awesome professor.
5.0 : What a man. Truly a hunk --- a stud muffin if there has ever been one. Good class with clear instruction and a good amount of homework but is ultimately rewarding. Would definitely recommend Rob.
4.5 : He is the nicest professor ever. Was so funny in class, really understanding, and is very very fair. He takes a genuine interest in you and makes you feel like you are doing well.
5.0 : Very nice and understanding. Makes powerpoint fun.
3.0 : I've had Jeremy for both CHEM 111L and 112L, he really is a helpful guy in the lab, but hes very picky when it comes to grading and doesn't follow a clear rubric. Also, he takes way too long to grade work, and will often leave you wondering your grade until the day that the term is over.   Overall great guy, poor professor.
4.5 : It was Jeremy's first time being a lab instructor, but even so he was very helpful and knowledgeable of our organic chemistry experiments. He's calm, easy to get along with, and was more than willing to help when needed. Grades fairly on lab reports. If you need a chem lab and Jeremy is an option, don't hesitate to sign up for his class :)
5.0 : He is an awesome human and an awesome lab instructor. I have never had someone so willing to help and care about how his students do. Jeremy has excellent patience.  O-chem is hard in general but Jeremy will help you along the way.
4.5 : You do not need to purchase the access code, I bought it for $150 and didn't use it one time and still got an A in the class. There are three assignments every week but they are not time consuming at all. A lot of answers are on quizlet and on one of the homework's she allows multiple attempts. Extra credit is offered fairly often as well.
5.0 : One of the most laid back professors I've ever had. Seriously the best. If you have a choice, take Angelo, if you get him by chance, you're amazingly lucky.
5.0 : Took him for Mircobio lab and he was great! He is less concerned with the result of the lab and more about the student understanding the material.
5.0 : Great professor, interested in making sure his students learn the material. Very generous due dates but doesn't accept late with at all, make sure you get your stuff done on time.
4.0 : Great professor but his lectures are a little disjointed. They cover many of the basic concepts for each chapter but don't even touch on others. Most of the learning is from the textbook which is awful. Awful. Expect lots of homework and be sure to read the awful textbook. Tests are difficult and often not representative of the homework at all.
3.5 : This is one of the most laid back classes I have ever taken.  David is absolutely hilarious and often gets sidetracked in lecture (in a good way!) He is very lenient on due dates and is always willing to work with you.  The class is very interesting but you have to understand the concepts to do well on HW.  Get to know this guy, he is awesome!
4.5 : Minimal homework with flexible due dates, and no tests. He's funny and explains things well; I learned a lot. If you have to take LING 305 and aren't looking forward to it (or even if you are,) then definitely take him. I rented the textbook but barely opened it, everything you need is on the slides which are posted online and in his lectures.
5.0 : Francisco is an awesome professor. You can tell he's passionate about what he teaches and makes this class enjoyable. Would definitely recommend!
5.0 : UF 200 is kind of a useless class but Francisco makes the classes so interesting and rarely gives busy work. There are weekly journals and a few papers and projects but as long as you do them you will be fine. The class overall doesn't apply to my major or anyone elses for that matter but he makes it so intriguing  and I really enjoyed the class.
5.0 : Nedra was by far the best lab teacher I've had at BSU.  Her clear teaching style &amp; grading criteria allowed us students to enjoy and truly learn the material.  Sure, it's a tough lab/class &amp; you'll have to work your tail off to make an A - it's O. Chemistry, after all!  However, Nedra made the experience enjoyable, insightful, and straightforward.
4.5 : Nedra saved my grade for Chemistry. She is great, absolutely recommend her. She's there to help a student out, both in lab and via email or in the Chem help center. She explains everything you have to do. She's super nice and is a good grader with positive feedback. She made me like chemistry. Would definitely take her again.
5.0 : Amazing lab instructor. Wants you to know material, but doesn't dock points on lab reports for stupid errors. Approachable and straight to the point during labs. This class is a lot of work, but you can do very well. Only complaint is that she is pretty slow at grading and I don't know if I'm going to get a high B or an A going into finals week.
3.0 : Most lab instructors will grade significantly easier than Nedra. She dissent tell you what she takes points off for and and she takes months to get grades in Blackboard. If you need an A in lab, take someone else.
5.0 : Wanless knows how to make a topic interesting, so the lectures are fun and memorable. There are no surprises on the tests, and she prepares you well for them. She is approachable and always willing to answer questions. Her in class worksheets are lifesavers, and they ensure you understand that day's material. Overall she's an excellent instructor.
5.0 : Wendy is an amazing professor and really strives to see you succeed. She takes the extra time to work with you and explain each problem in different ways until you get it. Im not sure what other classes she teaches but if you get the opportunity to take her, do it!
5.0 : Wendy is an amazing professor. I struggle with math and she has helped me so much. We usually do more individual work but if you have a question she will help you answer it as well as make sure you understand how to do it. One of the most beneficial classes I have had.
5.0 : I came into college with prior negative experiences in math classes however this class really turned things around for me. Wendy is very good at explaining topics in a way that is easy to understand. Super kind professor and very empathetic. Easy grader as long as you put in effort.
4.0 : Wendy is the best teacher to take Math 108 with. She is very understanding and responds to emails very quickly. Aleks will grade your tests but Wendy goes back and gives a ton of credit back on the tests. This class took about 10 hours out of my week but it was manageable and the tests were super easy. Use the math lab and do the reviews!!
1.0 : Attendance Required
5.0 : all around fun professor
5.0 : Class is done in Spanish obviously. She's helpful and knowledgeable. Remember that she's not teaching anything for a specific region but building an all around Spanish speaker. Plus she's always easy on the eyes and if you catch her speaking in English the accent will make you melt.
5.0 : You can gain some really good business communication  skills from Professor Traci's class, but it's a downfall when you realize if you need to write a weekly assignment that takes you more than an hour and they worth only 5 credits each.
5.0 : Her classes are very active, I am very board!
5.0 : Trasi is a great professor, with a good class. A lot of assignments are real-life applicable and teach you actual skills. There's a big project worth 50% of your grade, but it's a fairly easy project with the option to work solo or in a group. Overall, learned a lot and would take again.
5.0 : By far the most engaging class I have been in.  He is funny, smart and a bit spastic... but in a good way. I am looking forward to taking more classes with him. Highly recommend any class you can take from this guy.
5.0 : If you are looking for an easy professor, he's not the guy. He requres all your attention and I personally feel like I got a lot out of this class for giving it to him. Full of real life examples. Now he is really scatter brained but it doesn't seem to detract from the class.
5.0 : Helpful. I would take his class again. He makes every interaction with him a learning experience. Email, text, etc.
5.0 : Fun to listen too. Extremely helpful outside of class.
5.0 : I really enjoyed his class. He was team teaching with Prof. McIntosh, and I really wish he was the only one teaching the class. I think it's his first year. His lectures were practical and down to earth. He is the best teacher I've ever had. It's not that his class was easy, he just did such a good job teaching.
5.0 : He is amazing to listen to. I honestly feel like I can relate to him.  Plus, he's kind of cute.
5.0 : His lectures are very interesting.
5.0 : He may call on you to participate during class, but he isn't pushy.  He was a team teacher. I wish I could have him for another class.
5.0 : I love him! He is the best teacher I have ever had. He team taught with Prof. McIntosh as the Entreprenure in residence. He give practical experience and his lectures are very captivating! I wish I could have more classes with him.
5.0 : Something special about a professor who is able to laugh at himself. Looking over classes and hoping to be able to take him again.
5.0 : He's great. He always shares some practical experience I can apply. I'm probably not going to be a entrepreneur but he shares things I can apply to my job now. That's nice.
5.0 : I freaking love it when he comes to class.  He does lots of in class competitions. Sometimes the prizes are a bit random, like one time the winning team got a box of fruit snacks. Other times each member of the team gets a gift card. I feel like i actually learn in his class. Things can get disorganized on the board sometimes but it a small deal.
5.0 : His tests are really hard if you don't read the book.  He's pretty funny.  I'm signing up to take him again in entrepreneurship.  Highly recommend him. The best professor I've ever had and he goes out of his way to help you.
4.5 : He's pretty good
5.0 : My favorite teacher ever.
5.0 : He's good. Be prepared to be called on in his class .He likes you to participate. He'll let you use a phone to text occasionally but he refuses to let you use a computer.
5.0 : Really just have to echo what others say. This guys amazing. He goes out of his way to pay attention to you and your life. I honestly feel like he cares about my future success.  I signed up for another one of his class next semester
5.0 : He's not that hard of a professor. If you do what he says, you're good. Pretty black and white.
5.0 : I liked him.
5.0 : He is really helpful in the class and out.
5.0 : This guy is amazing. But no one should ever give this guy a bad rating. For the record, I was in the same class with the kid who left the ONE poor rating. Prof. Jones bought the concession trailer which he operates, not the restaurant. He said in class he will never open the restaurant. He was pretty clear about that. Great prof!
5.0 : Best professor I ever had! He takes time out of his busy schedule to meet with you one on one. He is a wealth of knowledge and practical experience Just signed up for his ENT class today. Can't recommend him enough
5.0 : Nick was an invaluable resource this semester. His lectures were engaging, and he actually cared about each business idea put forward. He helped me turn my business idea into a reality this semester by both his feedback in class, and help outside the classroom. For entrepreneurial minded student with an idea, I couldn't recommend him more!
5.0 : Really good professor. Taking another class of his this semester. He is extremely engaging.
5.0 : Overall easy class because he tells you everything you need to know to succeed in the class or he tells you where to find it. He very helpful outside of class
5.0 : Truly values your success.
5.0 : He is interesting and engaging and definitely likes the teaching. Prefers you don't use a computer in class, which is fine cause there isn't much you can do in his class with a computer while he is lecturing than browse Facebook. Asks lots of questions and has a fun story for just about everything.
5.0 : Take MGMT 301 from him if you can. Absolutely wonderful. Teaches you with real life experiences.
5.0 : Helpful in and out of class. Fun to listen to.
5.0 : Have to show up to class, fun to listen too and full of relatable stories.
5.0 : Prof. Jones is an extremely reasonable person. He treats you more like an employee than a student and has the same level of expectations He will work with you if you're willing to put in the effort and time
5.0 : The best class I've ever taken. This class should be required for all business majors. Everything Professor Jones says it's directly applicable in every aspect of my life. I guess it's more of a life skills class but the real life experience he brings to the class is extremely helpful.
5.0 : Fun interactive class
5.0 : Nice topics. Great ideas. Even better Professor.
5.0 : Don't think he is a real professor... Guest lectured in out class a few time. Should teach his own
5.0 : He is brings his personal experience to the class. His stories make it more engaging. Plus he is pretty good looking too.
5.0 : Wonderful teacher. His real life experiences provide valuable insight that helps me with real world problems. Hes willing to address touchy subjects and gives really good advice. Good teacher take his class.
5.0 : It's an online class you get what you get. But his class is clearly outlined and he is quick to respond to emails.
5.0 : The absolute best instructor at BSU. He focuses on the topics that are relevant to your needs, explains clearly what he expects of you, and skips the fluff. Assignments are not too extensive. Pay attention and you'll be fine. Keep in mind, His class is not black and white. You have to come up with ideas and defend them. Great class.
5.0 : Prof. Jones is really wonderful! I was terrified of online classes before starting the program, especially when the class requires so much group work but his material is super clear and he structures it so it is not to bad working in a team online environment. One of the most valuable online classes I have taken.
5.0 : You can tell this guy has money but that it doesn't affect him. He does this because he loves it. Everything he says is practical and down to earth. So freaking helpful walking you through the business models.
5.0 : Nicholas is truly the best professor at Boise state. He is genuinely a good person and we need more people like him in the world. His class is super heavily weighted toward participation and presentations. Be prepared to speak a lot.
5.0 : Nick is an incredible professor. He has a lot real life experience that he openly shares with the class. This class is heavily weighted based on group work. If you are a good team member and you pay attention to what the project is asking then its easy to do well. I highly encourage you to take his class. Don't be afraid to think outside the box!
5.0 : One of the better online classes I have taken so far. Very clear with what is due, and will respond to questions promptly. Enjoyed the material and the way the class material was presented so that our group work reflected what was learned.
5.0 : Nick is an excellent professor. He is caring towards his students and is always prepared to give excellent feedback. I would definitely recommend any course with him.
5.0 : This professor was easy to communicate with through e-mail. He allways provide posititive feed back on the assignments to me. I feel his main goal was too make sure all of his students succed in his class. I would certainly take another class from him in the future.
5.0 : Took a night class with Nick and his energy made the class engaging. He has a lot of real world examples and makes the content simple to understand.
4.0 : Enjoyed his class.  Not the easiest, but not overly difficult, either.  Do the discussion, put some work into the quizzes and exams and you will do fine.  He has a lot of experience and it is apparent in his teaching.  This is a great professor for this subject.  He also grades in a decent amount of time, which is always good.
5.0 : April was one of the best professors I've ever had. She loves her job and loves her students. She will go the extra mile for you if you reach out to her. There's clear expectations for every project, as this is a project based class- no tests. The books are important but don't buy them, you'll only need them once for each 3rd of the semester.
4.0 : Prof. Wadley is cool, but expect to put 1000% effort into the class. Lots of reading from one textbook, homework every class, four major tests and projects! She knows her stuff! Don't skip either or you will be lost the rest of the semester!
5.0 : The class was laid out pretty straight forward: discussion board post, two replies, a quiz, and homework each week. A mid-term and final exam. Gives a lot of opportunities for extra credit, gives feedback, and doesn't surprise you with topics unrelated to the course. Follows along with the textbook. The quizzes are based out of the textbook.
4.0 : Granted Isaac and I have very different political views but he was so funny about it. He has us do reading summaries for every reading and we had them almost every class, I really feel like I learned a lot.
5.0 : His reviews for the tests are legitimately EXACTLY what the test is. He fosters amazing discussion, and is never boring. He's willing to work with you if you need some help or maybe a little extra time for an assignment. Amazing guy and professor.
5.0 : I took his online Political Science course. Very easy as long as you do the work. Super easy A
4.0 : Professor Castellano is a very intelligent person!  Will teach you a lot about whichever course you take from him. A backloaded class for sure.  Don't get lazy on notes in lectures, it will come back! Grading criteria is suspect.  Only had 15 points of graded material going into finals week then ended up at 400+... Paper and Final are tough!
4.0 : Dr. Brady's Intro to Counseling class is really good. She posts powerpoints prior to class, her lectures are personal and she gives excellent examples of real-life issues. The research paper on theory is a challenge but most of the course work is typical and the reading and discussions are great.
5.0 : She is a great professor! Her lectures have interesting anecdotes and she really takes time to clarify the material in response to questions
5.0 : Dr. Brady's Intro to Counseling class is wonderful. She gives through lectures, the power points are available prior to class for note taking and while there are a few papers to write they're not too daunting if you don't procrastinate.
4.0 : He's pretty relaxed and easy. Just show up and try and learn the most you can.
5.0 : Loved Chris as a prof. He really explained things and helped his students. Super nice and didn't put too much group stuff in the class, but enough and made them fun.
4.5 : Chris is a new teacher and offered MWF classes this semester. Although I wasn't ecstatic about the scheduling, he made Introduction to Language very fun. He's got a tidy syllabus that details everything you need to know in order to get a good grade. He's very laid back and makes content easy to understand. He also offers small amounts of ExCredit.
5.0 : I'm shocked that people think this is a lot of homework. For a 300 level class, I expected to work a lot harder, but this was easy to fit into my full class schedule with my fulltime job. Easy stuff if you actually read the material. The class was always interesting and actually made me want to pursue a linguistics degree. Would highly reccome
4.0 : I loved taking Ling 305 with Chris! This course is very content heavy but Chris does really well with getting through lectures and keeping things fun. The tests are very straightforward and an easy pass if you prepare. He explains all tests very well and gives review days. There are few assignments throughout the course that are not too tough.
5.0 : Definitely an amazing teacher who recognizes hard work. He helps you get where you need to be if you aren't there. You can tell that he cares about what he teaches, cares about his students and knows what he is talking about.
3.5 : Great guy doing some pretty easy lectures and is verbal about assignments he thinks aren't just stupid and not helping. He's not there to waste your time or his. I love how he is so real and raw. Great professor and an easy A if you just show up. You won't regret taking his class.
5.0 : Funny man, very open and honest, doesn't assign too much work, but enough to make sure you understand the content and can show it through your work
4.0 : Matt Naples was an awesome professor! His class was one that I looked forward to attending. I was able to learn things in his class but I was never stressed or overwhelmed with the tasks that I had to complete. He was very good at connecting with the students and establishing a friendship with them.
5.0 : When I took 101 and 102 from him, it had been his first time teaching. He did really great and really helped understand what we needed to know. If you had any questions or problems he would meet up with you and help you. He made it so that you weren't dreading going to class and you could tell he was passionate about writing and getting us to write
5.0 : If you have to take Eng 101, take it from Matt! You will not regret it!
5.0 : This class was a great experience and having a excellent professor was an even greater privilege. I highly recommend this course!
4.5 : Great professor. Probably the best I've ever had. The class is semi difficult, but it doesn't matter with professor Atkins. I'd take a class from him any time. He is funny, very helpful and downright One of the nicest professors I've ever had.
5.0 : Thomas Atkins is quite literally the best professor I have had at Boise State. Absolutely hilarious and laid back, he provides everyone with a super comfortable environment to work and learn in. His instructions for assignments are very clear and laid out. Lots of group work for presentations and quizzes. DEFINITELY TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Best teacher I've ever had
5.0 : Professor Atkins is definitely the best professor I've had at BSU. He is very personable and does a great job of making everyone in class feel included. Lots of group work in small classes is great, helps you meet and be friend lots of people. Never confused on what's going on in class he is very straight forward. AND HILARIOUS!
5.0 : by far my favorite teacher. I highly recommend taking his class. He makes everyone feel comfortable in the classroom environment, is very laid back, assignments are clear and understandable, offers lots of extra credit. Awesome teacher, definitely would take his class again.
5.0 : This class was absolutely awesome to take. There is definitely a decent amount of reading you have to do in order to stay up on the material, but  nothing out of the usual. She creates rubrics for essays with you and fosters a great environment for discussions.
4.5 : The best calc professor at BSU. Most definitely would take him again. Wish all the math professors were as helpful as him.
5.0 : She cares, very appreciative that people want to understand and learn the language and culture. She will be with you EVERY step of the way to help you not only pass, but really learn. It's a hard language, she's aware of that and asks a lot, but at the same time she doesn't too much of you for the class. She wants to work with her students.
5.0 : Great overall teacher! Coursework may be a little dense but she tries to make it as easy to remember as possible.
5.0 : Brittany is one of the best instructors I have had as a senior in college. She is very understanding that life happens so does not put the usual "you have to be perfect don't get sick" kind of attitude towards her students. She is easy with grading, communicates very well and expresses exactly what is expected clearly.
4.0 : Lauren is an awesome professor; she is committed to making sure that even students who don't speak up in class understand the material fully and is a a very clear lecturer
5.0 : Great professor! Even though the subject was hard, she explains it swell. On the midterm, a lot of the class did poorly. She said that she felt she didn't teach it well enough so she let us retake that part! She is super funny and approachable! Would definitely take her again. The subject is a little tough, but her teaching makes it understandable
4.5 : He makes us do lots of class activities, group work and offers some extra credit. Expects you to discuss class topics, will work with you to get assignments turned in (even if late), and loves movies.   One of the best teacher I have ever had.
4.5 : He made the discussion effective. We had teamwork projects, critical thinking exercises, and gave oral presentations in this class. His use of technology was great! It made me engage more into the class and it improved points given in class.
5.0 : AMAZING Professor.  Enjoyed the class would take a UF 102 of this course, the use of technology helped me learn the most. He critiqued the way I write, and gave me additional help in what ways I am able to find resources. I loved this class!! The subject was crazy interesting, and it really allowed us to understand/ use the resources around us.
5.0 : I heard that Spring 2016 is was the last time they are teaching the UF100 Science Fiction Class, that is too bad.  I loved it.  Bob is one of best professors I have had all year.  I can say yes, there is lots of group work.  And lots of reading, discussion and class worksheets.  But, Bob makes it interesting and he does love movies (Esp. Sci Fi).
5.0 : Professor Casper was an amazing teacher! I'd take another class in a heartbeat! Classes were interesting, engaging and applicable. He was approachable and will do his absolute best to help you if you need it. There's alot of group work like most UFs, so be prepared for that. If you show up to class, partcipate, and do your work, you will do well.
4.0 : Let us choose the type of class, so we choose to have an "Agency Model." Which means we acted more like a design agency than a class, which would be fine, but, it turned out to be much more work and most of the learning was on us. He was the head of the agency and told us what needed to be done, but, other than that it was up to us. He used OER.
4.0 : All around a pretty decent teacher. She can be a little harsh with grading sometimes, but is fair for the most part. Make sure to have a phone or a device that has memory space on it that you can record your speeches with, because she will have you get someone to film all your speeches (This is part of your grade!). All in all good though!
5.0 : He was very interesting to listen to. I took the class at night, so it could be easy to fall asleep but he kept it interesting with real life examples that he used from his job as an attorney. He speaks his mind and will call you out if you aren't paying attention, but it is all light-hearted and fun. He cares about his students
3.0 : The entire course grade is tests and participation. Tests are hard. Lots of tricky questions and lots of questions with multiple parts. The entire course is just him going through a book and telling you what to study for the test. Boring class, hard tests, do not recommend.
5.0 : Tough all year, but curves the class SOOO much at the end of the semester. Take home tests and quizzes, but don't cheat cause he'll find out. Gives a ton of extra credit and has a TA who is so helpful. He's hilarious and a great teacher. Everytime you miss class you lose 1% of your grade though. Take him over anyone else.
1.0 : Easy to pass, but excruciating to deal with.  Good luck trying to figure out where you are grade wise.  Even now that the class is over, he refuses to update Blackboard accurately, because he's "too busy."  His egotistic "holier than thou" attitude is just rampant.
5.0 : The best class I'v taken in BSU. Great professor and fun material. He really inspired me to learn the American law. Attendance is really important. Tests won't be difficult if you focus in class. Text book is fun and easy to read. I highly recommend taking this class.
5.0 : I took GB 202 summer class with him, he was so nice, very helpful, we had 3 exams and you can just pull the answers out of the book directly as our exams were open notes and book. Some questions are tricky. Just go to class, ask him questions, show him that you're working hard and he will have no problem pumping your grade up. very recommended.
4.0 : Brings real world experience and ties it into course material well. Gives you ample opportunity to ask questions. Reviews material prior to tests so you can study relevant material.
5.0 : I took this class over Summer, and apparently that was the best decisions I could've made. He makes the class very funny and interactive. He is extremely passionate about law and knows all the material well. Tests are a little tough but Extra credit at the end of the sem bumps up your grade by at least one letter. For fall/spring Susan is  better.
5.0 : I am taking Nate Peterson right now. In past classes he has been strict because he caught people cheating. Don't cheat, he will catch you. But he is awesome. Great lectures, hard tests, but he curves the average to be a B+. Love listening to him talk. Take the night class with him. Always lets us out an hour or so early. Favorite professor at BSU.
4.0 : I took him over summer. He was very easy, left us always early. Kept the class short and crisp. He is very passionate about business law. If you wanna be a lawyer please talk to him. You'll love the way he teaches.
5.0 : I love Manda- She is absolutely great. If you get a chance to take one of her classes- do it.
5.0 : She knows her stuff. Show up and you will always benefit from what you are about to learn. Very respected even among professors. A teacher to emulate.
5.0 : Dr. Hicks is a genius. This class is a lot of work, with heavy readings, but the readings are really good. I have never learned so much in a class. Dr. Hicks is funny which makes the lectures enjoyable, and there is a heavy emphasize on class discussion. You will earn your grade, but it will make you a better person and student in the long run.
5.0 : Adam was very helpful and available for meeting is you need help. The class required a decent amount of work outside of class but Adam was very understanding and moved deadlines around where they were needed. Very flexible and a lot of fun in class!
5.0 : Natalie Disney is a great professor for English 102. She makes sure that you understand the content and makes activities in class so you can understand the topics more. She gives a great amount of feedback on everybody's essay's to help perfect your final paper. She is nice and lenient to helping you pass this class.
4.5 : Fun teacher
4.0 : No need to read the text, just show up to class. Time consuming with learning opportunity volunteer requirement, but min. Is 15 hrs for this class. Easy A. No worries if needing too add it to full schedule, no real homework.  Adjunct teacher, former social worker at vet medical center.
5.0 : His classes, and i've taken two now, are so easy. It is the same things every week: quiz, discussion board, and some other things if you're in other classes of his. His tests are exactly the same as the quizzes and reef questions which all answers are available to students whether you took the quiz or not. Easy A. Just do the work on time.
5.0 : Katherine was the best teacher I could have ever asked for. She understands when things come up. Math is hard, but it's not impossible, she makes it easier to understand and helps you in and out of the classroom. Finally a teacher who wants you to pass!!! Love her.
5.0 : All the work was done through the Aleks program (I truly hate that program with a passion) but she was always willing to meet outside of class to help you study. She tries to give out extra credit where she can and really cares about her students. She also understands that not everyone is good at math so she tries to grade easy on tests!
5.0 : Drake did an exemplary job turning an otherwise dry class into a hub of learning. Anything taught via ALEKS is going to be a little boring, but she did an excellent job providing help where it was needed. If anyone was falling behind, she made sure that ALL of her students found their way; never met a more caring professor. Top notch all around!
4.5 : Jana is amazing! She has a lot of teaching experience which is valuable in a course such as this one. She was always available to help and was very thorough in her explanations.
4.0 : Keith is very kind and very willing to work with you on anything you are concerned about. He really knows his material and does a good job of relating it to teacher candidates. He is pretty laid back and does not take himself too seriously.
4.5 : Keith is great! He is extremely helpful and will always assist you if you need it. He is very thoughtful in his explanations and provides great feedback on assignments. He truly wants people to learn how to teach math and he has great examples to help you learn.
3.0 : This class was all over the place, it felt more like junior high social studies more so than International Business.  No real assignments other than a paper and a couple of quizzes. Easy A.
5.0 : 15 % on attendance 30 % mid-term paper 55 % two quizzes (online) - no time limits to do the quiz and u can save and complete later
3.5 : Here is you chance to learn about everything... and learn you will. Jack gives attendance points based on current event articles so bring one to class and chances are he know's about the topic you are talking about and can expand on it. His group projects are worth a lot so do well on those and you will pass the class.
5.0 : If you show up for this class the professor will be easy with you on grading and will help you, he likes when you talk in class and go to his office hours, overall he is good.
4.0 : Easy A: One current event description, 2 take home OPEN BOOK online quizzes (no final exam), one group project/presentation, participation/attendance. Assigns readings from textbook but never need to read unless you WANT to. All info for quizzes are online so you really don't need it for that either. Go to class and do other homework in it.
4.0 : This class is not assignment heavy just group discussion heavy in class. You get graded on your attendance so you will have to show up. He has actual experience in business and knows a lot. No tests, 1 group presentation, a few discussion board assignments, and a final paper. He will help you with any issues you have and you will get a good grade.
5.0 : John is a great online class professor and very responsive to emails. Take him and the BUSBTC program and you will have a good time. There are a couple papers and projects, but he gives you good feedback.
5.0 : John Crenshaw is adorable. The class is completely online so he posts short Youtube videos where he lectures and they are the cutest. He is so encouraging and you can tell he is passionate about business. He replies to emails fast and is always willing to help. He has made me really enjoy business and if he taught an in-person class I would take it
4.0 : Good listener, easy to talk to. Does a good job of answering questions and clearly explaining things
5.0 : Best professor I've had at Boise State. Incredibly tough class, but is thermo easy anywhere? Extremely smart man who does a good job at dumbing it down to a college level. Also goes out of his way to make himself accessible to students, even as the department chair.
3.0 : Class structure is fairly easy with note available for tests. He's willing to help you pass, but the problem is he gives a trick question on every test. Which is what makes his class so hard.
4.0 : Very knowledgeable in his field. Took time to explain concepts in a clear manner. Class is difficult during the summer; you cover a lot of material in a short period of time. Would be easier, but mandated department software makes it challenging.
5.0 : Like the other review said, he's chill. Probably the best option for a physics lab. Definitely would bang. I see him in the gym a lot... he's got some nice muscles.
5.0 : Jake Soares is an amazing professor. (Period)  He is a great physics professor and is easier than a cheap prostitute. Like a super cheap, ugly prostitute that you would find in a dirty gutter in Mexico. He's cool and I recommend that everyone takes a physics class from him. Especially if you are a business major. Also he's super attractive!
5.0 : Absolutely the best instructor for chem 101 lab. He will go out of his way to make sure you are performing the lab correctly and that your lab write-up has been done right. He will stay after class when needed. He is very quick to respond to emails and he makes a great effort to get to know his students. I would highly recommend his lab!
5.0 : Mr. Cholico is a great professor that's easy to talk to and connect with, to better learn the material and gain knowledge from the course.
5.0 : Jeff Lyons is by far the best professor I have had in college. After changing my major to Political Science, Professor Lyons reaffirmed that changing my major was a great thing. He is very engaging when he lectures and helps influence great class discussions. As long as you do the readings and participate in the discussions you should be just fine.
5.0 : Super amazing professor, I wish I could take him for every class. He gives awesome feedback on every assignment so you know exactly what you need to improve on, attendance is not mandatory 100% of the time because he understands sometimes life gets in the way, and he gives credit for participation. Great professor, great lectures, great class.
5.0 : Dr. Lyons is by far and away the best professor I've had at Boise State. Even if you aren't studying political science and/or aren't interested in politics, the way he engages the class and fosters discussion makes anything you talk about seem very interesting and applicable to the class. Expects a lot, but you'll be better at the end of it all.
3.0 : Tim was alright. The grades in the class are weighted on three tests and attendance. He assigns homework, but it's merely for practice, not points (you don't need to turn in). Tests are multiple choice, but challenging. They're not super hard, but you will need to study. Class is boring. Would skip if I could.  You can get a good grade if you try.
5.0 : This class is very boring (it's cost accounting...) but Tim does a really goood job at helping the class understand the concepts through examples and problems. Tim is also extremely clear with what will be on the exams and what he expects the class to know. If you pay attention in class and look at the homework you will be fine going into exams.
5.0 : Dr. Masarik is an exceptional Professor who absolutely enjoys teaching! She will work diligently to teach the topic applications of this course so each student will achieve their best understanding and research design. Students will benefit if they attend every class lecture and pre read the chpts. Attention to detail &amp; focus. Respected &amp; cares.
5.0 : Dr. Masarik is a great professor. She really cares about her students and tries her best to be the best teacher she can. She is very nice too and the class topic was enjoyable. Definitely take her if you are a PSYC Major/Minor
5.0 : Amazing class! I would absolutely recommend her to anyone. I've never met anyone more passionate about teaching.
5.0 : Dr. Masarik is hands down one of the best professors at BSU. Very passionate about what she does and it's easily reflected in her classes. She cares about her students and makes you feel like an individual rather than another number. Come to class, do your homework, and fill out study guides and you will get an A. If you don't you were just lazy!
5.0 : Dr. Masarik is by far the best professor I've had at BSU. She alone has changed my mind about statistics &amp; research - I am not in love with both. Her class is very organized, interesting, passionate, and flows at a good pace. Put in effort and you will get an A. Challenging but beyond worth it! I look forward to taking more classes with Dr. Masarik
5.0 : Super organized and friendly. Go to class, take good notes and you'll do great. She allows a study sheet during exams. Love her!
5.0 : LOVED Dr. Masarik! She really enjoys the material she teaches and makes you want to come to class and pay attention. Easy HW, took notes during lectures and never read the book, easy A. She lets you bring a double sided piece of paper (handwritten or typed) to each exam.
5.0 : Amazing professor and class. It is participation based, which includes discussions, discussion notes, two group activities (not bad ones), and a service learning portion (15 hours, and super easy to do for 150pts). NO TESTS! NO QUIZZES! Show up, participate, engage, and you will come out with an A and having learned more than you thought you would.
4.0 : Really knowledgeable and likeable teacher. Very easy on the eyes as well.
5.0 : Don't take this class if you are easily distracted-Hutt is ridiculously attractive. And a super nice guy.
5.0 : Amazing professor, understanding and very supportive
5.0 : Christian is the greatest instructor I've had so far in college. He explains hard concepts clearly and if not he works hard to make it make sense to YOU. He'll answer any of your questions without being rude and he's also very funny.
5.0 : Imagine the best thing in the world that you can think of. For the sake of simplicity, lets say puppies or unicorns. Then use Avogadro's number and find a mole of that object, and that is how awesome Mr. Carley is. He is a phenomenal math teacher and can explain the most complex topics in simple terms that even a bio major like me can understand.
5.0 : Carley is a cool dude. He helps out a lot, and does his best to make sure that you get it. Definitely goes above and beyond what he is suppose too. If you have a chance to go to one of his LA sessions, I would recommend it.
5.0 : Christian is a great helper and is great at explaining concepts. He is funny too. I've had a crush on him since the first week too so he's just enjoyable.
5.0 : Super cool teacher! Easy A as long as you show up but most in class work is just discussions with your peers.
5.0 : Super talented and smart! Def take her class.
5.0 : Joseph is currently a grad student teaching Physics 212 labs. He is very knowledgeable in this field and easily relates to students since he is only a few years older than us. His grading is fair, and he understands what students are going through. 10/10 would recommend
4.0 : Professor Twitchell is an extremely knowledgeable and passionate professor. His profound knowledge and experience in cybersecurity speak for itself. He wants his students to learn the material, so do not expect an easy class. There were 11 assignments, which were challenging. His exams are fairly challenging, but he provides a study guide for it.
4.0 : Professor Twitchell is an extremely knowledgeable and passionate professor. His profound knowledge and experience in cybersecurity speak for itself. He wants his students to learn the material, so do not expect an easy class. There were 11 assignments, which were challenging. His exams are fairly challenging, but he provides study guides for it.
3.0 : Good at physics (111/211)? This class will be a breeze.  Never done physics before? Prepare to work really hard to earn a good grade.  Professor gives you Equations and vocabulary and then sets you loose with book work and group work until the test comes up.   So he's not helpful unless you ask the right questions and work hard to learn.
5.0 : Chan left a really big impression on me, and felt more like a friend than a teacher. His assignments really help understanding the material and you could pass the class almost just by his powerpoint slides. He made me feel passionate about something I was not very knowledgeable about in the first place. I recommend him to anyone and everyone!
5.0 : He is such a super nice, smart, and friendly guy! I actually failed this class when it took it my first semester because I did it online with another proff (big mistake, so much reading followed by poorly written quizzes that were a majority of grade). He's an awesome teacher and I hope I can have more classes with him! I love social science!
5.0 : Chan is awesome! He is so friendly and knowledgable. You can tell that he really cares about his students, too. This class was fun and his assignments are helpful and not too difficult. I would definitely recommend Chan!
5.0 : Amazing guy, super easy to learn from, lectures aren't uncomfortably long, easy to focus
4.0 : Chan is amazing and makes lecture so entertaining, everyone is always laughing. Attendance points are taken and there is only one small homework assignment per week. There are hardly any tests and you get to use note sheets on the tests too. Definitely take him!!!
5.0 : You definitely want to take soc with him! He really cares about his students and helping them get a good grade. Only one small weekly assignment and a few tests. He goes over all of the test the day before and he lets you have a one page cheat sheet. If you have an A or a B+ then you don't have to take the final!
5.0 : You want to take SOC 101 with Professor Chan. He is really nice and there is only one short assignment every week. If you do the written portions of the assignments (and tests) really well, you'll get extra credit! I have over 100% in the class because of this. He is willing to help you out if you are struggling with the class. 10 out of 10!
5.0 : Makes lectures interesting and only assigns short weekly assignments that actually help you engage in learning.
5.0 : Chan is the most caring teacher i have ever had. He wants everyone to learn and get an A. He wants people to visit his office hours and just talk to him about this course (I never did but wish I did). These girls next to me in class and I asked him if he taught other classes because we loved him so much and wanted to have him again!
5.0 : He is probably my favorite professor so far. He is always smiling and very funny. He makes the material way easier to understand. If you do really well on the assignments you can get up to a 13/10. It is really easy to take advantage of. You get a cheat sheet on exams!
5.0 : Dr Rosetto is probably my favorite professor I have had at Boise State! She is so excited about what she is teaching and wants everyone to learn and understand it but have fun with it too. She makes lectures really interesting and will personally hold study sessions before tests to make sure we really get it. She is amazing!
2.0 : Kelly is a new prof at Boise State. She teaches only research methods right now. She is OK but rigid. She is brand new to teaching so isn't on top of the material as much as I would expect a prof to be, especially in methods. She isn't around much, is hard to find outside of class for help. I'd look for another instructor if I had to do it again.
5.0 : This is an class is very easy to pass. I'll give you the formula to a A in the class. READ THE BOOK, come to class, and participate. It's that easy. It's very interesting and an easy read for a college class. The examples were really helpful. Her tests are easy if you read the book and come to class. That's all you have to do. Read &amp; come to class
5.0 : I loved having Dr. Rosetto as a teacher! She is so fun and has such a passion for what she is teaching. She is well respected by faculty and students. Her lectures are interesting and she keeps you engaged. I will definitely be taking other classes from her in the future.
5.0 : Charlie has been saving my grade in this course since day one. All my other friends w/ different lab professors always say how they wish they had Charlie instead. He's probably the most inspirational, well respected professors I've ever had. Seriously. He makes the material easier to grasp &amp; stays at a great pace I would recommend him to anyone.
5.0 : Charlie is by far the best lab professor you can ask for. He is passionate about what he is doing and willing to help you in anyway possible. Choose his lab, you will be happy you did!
5.0 : She's very straightforward. Her classes are structured the same. The grade is based on participation (how many times you talk every day in class), two papers, and a midterm and final. Very kind professor, very lenient.
5.0 : I love this professor, prepare to take notes but they are presented in an interactive way. She's a nerd who will help you if you ask. 10/10 will take again!
5.0 : She is very good at making PoliSci exciting for people who may not enjoy it. She's also a huge nerd (which I appreciate) and is super nice and funny. You don't have to go to class but there were always good discussions so I would recommend going--it made it fun to go to class! She is very respectful of other people's opinions if she doesn't agree
5.0 : Tucker is a grad student i had him for english 101 and 102 and both courses I have received an A. He is really outgoing and cares for your success in the class. He randomly sent me an academic article that tied in really well for my research without me asking him to do. If your from southern California you will get a long with him extra well.
5.0 : He's a really nice guy who truly wants people to enjoy their time in class and to become better writer's. He is a meme fiend, extremely nice, and fun to learn from. The only thing he is touchy about is not missing more than three days of class and to get the journals done before class starts.
5.0 : He is one of the best professors I have ever had. Really nice guy.
5.0 : Tucker is a great Professor who is really nice and caring. The reading is really easy and simple and all of the in class work helps with the final essays. You will write three essays the whole year. The final is a major and minor revision on 2 of the essays. Tucker is great!!
5.0 : Ru was an amazing teacher. You can tell that he actually cares about the things he's teaching. He's very willing to work with you if you're struggling or need special accommodations. He's a pretty light grader, but you'll definitely learn things in his class.
5.0 : Ru is one of the best professors I've had at Boise State. His class was maybe too easy, but it's all about the work you're willing to put in. If you want to learn from him, he'll give the best feedback in the world and make you a better filmmaker. If you want to show up and pass, you will. Just don't.
5.0 : She's a great professor, very kind and interactive. Please don't do what I did and miss a few classes because ATTENDANCE IS MANDATORY. She does mini meetings with students to make sure everything is going well with projects. Get familiar with Google Drive as well.
5.0 : Nicole is a very devoted teacher who tires her best to let everyone succeed. She has conferences before every paper to make sure that everyone is on track. Also attendance is mandatory so you should go to class because first year writing has pretty intense attendance rules. Also, just put effort into your papers and you will get good grades.
5.0 : Stephanie is such a nice lady. She has such a passion for what she does and is always excited to come to class even if those of us in the class are unresponsive. She is so patient and understanding of your life outside of class and is so lenient on due dates it's absurd. She has so many connections and brings in a bunch of awesome speakers.
5.0 : Stephanie made UF200 enjoyable, interesting and relevant to my life. She cares deeply about her students and seeing them be successful. Her expectations and grading are clear and she respects that you have other classes and responsibilities.  Stephanie offers detailed feedback on each assignment. She brought in a lot of guest speakers.
5.0 : I loved taking UF 200 from Stephanie. Totally felt more like  a friend than a teacher. She is so funny, smart, and sweet. You can tell she genuinely cares about you and your grade. This was the first class I actually enjoyed lectures and wanted to pay attention to them. Didn't even have to buy a textbook and homework  was super easy. Loved her!!
4.0 : Easy A. She is very easy to convince. She will actually believe you if your sick unlike most professors. The lectures are boring, but you don't have any tests. You can literally just show up and you get an A.. Well that and 150mins of exercise a week reordered. Thats the only homework you get though.
5.0 : Easy to talk to and plenty of interesting discussion points.
5.0 : Marnie is the best, 10/10 recommend.
5.0 : Dr. Everson is awesome. He seems to have a clear understanding for the struggles of the students and responds accordingly. He is the most sarcastic, condescending professor I have ever had and it's hilarious. He does have a strong understanding for counseling skills because he works in the field directly. He is very effective at explaining concepts
5.0 : Bill is a great professor who cares about his students and provides great real-world knowledge. Learned a lot from this prof and class!
4.0 : Bill is awesome and a very nice guy. Although his feedback can feel like a lot at the time, listen to it!
5.0 : Bill is very encouraging and pushes students to improve while giving constructive feedback and providing relevant, real-world insights into the content.
5.0 : Bill, is awesome! He knows his stuff. This class will give you an idea of what it's like to work in an ad agency. Overall, recommend students to take this class and compete in the NSAC.
5.0 : Bill is a fantastic guy that really cares about the well-being of his students
5.0 : Friendly and really Knowledgeable. Would definitely recommend
5.0 : NSAC through class. Personable, caring, knowledgeable, invested.
5.0 : Brings real world experience to the class. Actually took time to build an interesting and interactive online class.
5.0 : Very clear concepts, not very many points. Pay attention to grading criteria and participate in discussions and you'll get an A
4.0 : Took this class over the summer, fast paced. Very few assignments that go towards grade so try hard on all of them for an A.
5.0 : Great professor. If you're a marketing major he is a very valuable professor to have.
5.0 : He has been one of the best professors I have ever taken at my time at Boise State. He cares about all his students and wants you to pass. Defiantly take him!!!!
5.0 : Bill takes his time with all his students and wants to ,make sure you understand the material. He is super funny and makes class so much fun to be apart of. You need to take him, he has a lot of knowledge of all types of things!
4.0 : Bill is a funny guy. If you hate working in teams don't take it. A one-page team memo is due weekly. He genuinely cares about his students and their success. I think he does legitimately try to not make the lectures boring. Tests are pretty easy (open book/web).
5.0 : The course was designed around weekly group assignments. Bill is awesome to talk to and has great eamples with his lectures. He kept track of attendance towards the end of the semester and took away participation points for missed days. The midterm was a little tricky even though it was open note, book. I would definitely take his class again.
4.0 : Great support of his students. Makes the class a real learning experience
5.0 : He's one of the best professors I've had at BSU! He's hilarious and a great instructor.
5.0 : If you get the chance take William(Bill) for any marketing class. Im sure every class he teaches would be just as fun as MKT 307. Bill is easy going and loves to involve his students. Would take him again if I could!
5.0 : Professor Wynne is awesome! I would take him again in the future if I had the chance.
5.0 : Know his stuff!
5.0 : Love this class!!
4.0 : Weekly group work. Focuses on concepts rather than terminology.
5.0 : Two classes a week. The first class of the week is going over the lecture and the second class is a case study in which you work with a group. He give you 30 minutes before each class to work on your case study; which is plenty of time. Great teacher, funny guy and very knowledgeable.
4.0 : If you want a class with consistency, a professor that listens and actually gives good feedback, and a good grade. Take this class. It's not hard! But expect to talk in front of the class, beware of the magic envelope (the envelope in which he chooses who will present the chapter to the class for the week). But honestly, this class was awesome.
4.0 : Great professor, caring guy who loves his job. Class is easy as long as you go to class and have a good group to work through weekly group projects. Honestly I personally didn't learn much in this class but it is marketing, a lot of it was common sense. Take Mr Wynne he is an awesome guy with a vast knowledge in marketing
5.0 : Minimal homework, lots of group work. Assignments are challenging but not lengthy. No homework over weekends!
5.0 : Bill is such an awesome professor, his assignments relate directly to the lecture that week. You are using the concepts, instead of just terminology for your weekly group work. Also he has an awesome Marketing background and it shows, you get to hear a lot of real world experiences that he went through, which also tie into assignments.
5.0 : Bill is by far one of the best prof. I've had at BSU hands down. Takes the material you learn in lecture &amp; has you apply it in case studies- really helps understand it. Straight forward, funny guy. Im also in his MKTG 315, &amp; I will be taking him again for MKTG 321. I'll give him a hot pepper bc he really wants one lol but only bc of that!
5.0 : He's a great guy, and he's very understanding of life!
5.0 : Gives very good feedback and makes it easy to contact outside of class.
4.0 : Overall was a pretty great teacher, there was some reading from a text book, but he provided an ebook pdf. He has a lot of experience out in the real world in marketing.
5.0 : Great professor, genuinely cares about the success of his students.
5.0 : This class is awesome! It offers hands-on marketing &amp; advertising experience through the advertising campaign for the NSAC competition. It is also an excellent opportunity to collaborate with others. Definitely, recommend taking it with Bill(Prof. Wynne)!
5.0 : Bill is an amazing professor! Lots of experience from this class
5.0 : Bill is fantastic. He really does care about his class and I think more than anything he understands the classroom dynamic more than any other teacher I've had. Would recommend for any business/marketing majors. Watch out for the magic envelope!
5.0 : Undoubtedly one of the coolest dudes I have ever had for a professor. The whole class is basically made up of group hw assignments which isnt ideal but he makes up for it. Super nice and has real experience in the field of marketing. Take him as a professor you wont regret it.
5.0 : Bill truly cares about not only how well you do in his class but personally how well you are doing. Participation in your group work MATTERS. If you don't participate in your group it will bite you later in the semester when peer evals weigh in on your grade. Go to his office hours for anything, he is very personable and just wants to help you out.
4.0 : Lectures could be boring but he tried his best to not make it boring
5.0 : Chill bill. Super nice guy. Great class. Come to class, do the weekly group work, you'll be fine.
5.0 : Great educator. Couple key things. First, he won't assign an insane amount of hw and there are only two tests. The tests are open book, open internet (warning: you can google the answers and you won't find it. The man knows how to design a test question.) You'll have one or two pages to type weekly as a team. super nice and makes it fun.
5.0 : He cares a lot about his students and will make lectures valuable and interesting. He gives you weekly assignments that can help boost your grade, and the two exams are open note and open web, so he gives you the tools you need to be successful. He expects participation and coming prepared to class, but if you try hard you will enjoy the course!
4.0 : He was a great professor, but taught hard concepts and had hard tests. Show up, and you will get 100% on all in class "quizzes".
4.0 : Dr. Castel is a great teacher. It was easy to ask him questions. He can and will explain concepts in as much detail as you need.
5.0 : This class was difficult for some students but Matt explained the concepts as simply as possible. Matt is very willing to help students outside of class and grades on a curve. In class activities help understanding of the concepts. He also gives in class quizzes so attendance is highly recommended.
5.0 : Great professor, many skip her lectures but if you go your sure to ace exams. only has two exams, case studys so you work others, and one final paper that if you start early on should be no problem. class is out of 100 easy points and she gives an extra credit opportunity.
4.0 : The entire grade is based on projects and tests. The projects are fairly easy so not much time is needed to complete those. However, you will want to study hard for the tests. She is very helpful outside of class for when you have questions about the projects.
5.0 : I enjoyed Joanna's lectures because she has a wealth of knowledge and has no issue staying up to date on topics. I learned a lot that I feel I will use as I start looking for a solid career. Exams are pretty tough but she provides study guides. Do the work in your case studies, she grades pretty tough.
5.0 : Amazing! Lectures are interesting and informative, definitely a person who has actual experience and knowledge about marketing. Very laid back, nice, helpful, so ask her anything you need, even non-class related. Class grade is mostly projects and papers, and the exams aren't even that difficult. Book not necessary at all. You will learn a ton
5.0 : Has a bit of an accent and sometimes doesn't understand questions, but hes smart and you'll get to him eventually.   I really enjoyed the projects in this class and felt they were appropriately tough.  4 projects ( last project is group project). 3 tests + final.  1 homework for every test that's graded and basically has same content.
5.0 : Dr. Yeh is one of the best CS professors I have encountered yet. He really knows his stuff, but you need to dig in and work hard! The projects are difficult (expect to spend long hours on them), and the tests are challenging (even though they are open-note.) I learned more from Yeh than I have in any other class so far.
5.0 : Gerry really cares about his students and makes sure you know the material.  He doesn't over complicate things like many teachers do, and teaches you what you need to know. His tests reflect what he teaches in class very well. There are "pop" quizzes, however he usually tells you when a quiz is or at least hints to it. Highly recommended professor.
4.0 : Tough class. The whole class is just tests and pop quizzes, no homework, but he gives you warning when you'll have a pop quiz. His tests are kinda lengthy but he's a great teacher and meets outside of class with his students to tutor them all the time. Really cares about everyone's grades. Also drops two lowest quizzes at end. Final is optional.
5.0 : Great instructor, Gerry really knows his stuff and he cares about the subject as well as the students.  He was very patient and would go over material as often as needed until we all seemed to really grasp it.  His tests are hard, I don't recommend missing class.  Don't really need the book if you come to class and follow his power points.
3.0 : I took the business analytics course with Professor Fuller and I admit it was the best choice I have made at Boise State. Unlike many of my peers who dropped the course before submitting the first or second assignment, I dug in and stuck through the class until the end. Even though I got crucified on several assignments, she provided great feedback
5.0 : Definitely one of the better classes I've taken at Boise State University, not that there were any real bad ones. I've enjoyed most of my classes at BSU and that's what made Professor Fuller's ITM class awesome. Sure, the material is tough to grasp at first, but Professor Fuller legitimately cares about you and your success. I enjoyed her class.
5.0 : Dr. Fuller's analytics class has been my favorite class at BSU. This class is a tough A, but a manageable B. The class starts out hard, and there are times you may want to drop it, but stick with it and you will learn more than any other class. Dr. Fuller is my favorite professor at BSU. Can't recommend her enough for any potential classes.
5.0 : Dr. Fuller is the best ITM professor at BSU. Easily.  She is extremely knowledgable and has a fairly good sense of humor. She cares about your success and will make an extra attempt to help you understand material.  Even better, she manages to place you in groups with your class crush. ;) Dr. Fuller is a real blessing to Boise State! Take her!
3.0 : Her class isn't too terrible. Not really a lot of assignments but the assignments are time consuming. This particular class is teaching more on how to use programs then it is the analysis of the models. Would be more helpful if there was a introduction to this class that taught how to interpret models.
5.0 : I love Dr. Oilvas, She helped a lot and doesn't push on homework as hard as other does. she does have a due date for homework, but she understands her student situation and grade you for your work at least you do your work. very nice and kind I have ever seen. I wish she teach's the English 102 I would choose her again. but I would recommend to all friends.
5.0 : Prof Olivas sets her class up to be accessible whenever you need her. She give very clear instructions on how she likes projects and papers to be formatted and does offer extra help if you need it. She keeps the class entertaining and tries to keep it light on work.
5.0 : Easiest class ever. She gave me credit for assignments that I didn't do. There are only 3 main essays and she isn't a hard grader. She always pushed due dates to give us more time and it is super easy to contact her if you have questions about anything. Wish she was teaching english102. She also cancelled class quite a few times.
5.0 : She was awesome! Her tests can be hard because you have very limited time on them and the quizzes are the same way. The quizzes are easier to pass as long as you read the chapter beforehand. If your that type of person that takes forever on questions than you might struggle. Her DB's weren't boring! You have to write one big paper for the class.
3.0 : Lets her personal politics into the classroom, and that is not okay. If you are conservative like I am, I would recommend taking this class with somebody else. She is a babe, but boy her beliefs take away from it. She goes on a rant about feminism and won't consider opposing facts. Very young, inexperienced teacher who is learning as she goes.
5.0 : Carol was more engaging than I could have imagined. The course content over a weekend workshop was the best I have had, no time checking on when are we going to get out of here?
5.0 : I LOVED Professor Harvey's class. She is by far the best professor I have had in my entire university experience. She got me really into the British Romantic period in literature. She really knows her stuff and is really interesting to listen to in lectures. She makes it comfortable to give ideas and thoughts in class.
4.0 : Dr. Estrem is a great professor. She cares deeply about the subject, values student feedback, assigns a reasonable amount of homework and lets you write about anything you like. The class environment is comfortable for public speaking. She is intense and expects you to work hard, but it makes you a better writer and public speaker: worth your time.
4.0 : Very helpful! Even though the class is through ALEKS, she's great at explaining everything and helping when you have questions. Lots of homework; don't do the work and you won't pass.
4.0 : Nice and always graded tests really fast
5.0 : If you're in CAMP, you don't have a choice, but Maria Mabbutt is a great professor. You'll find it difficult not to like her. Be prepared to always be doing something for the class though
5.0 : She is one of the best professor's I have ever had. The workload is at a solid pace, she gives excellent feedback, and is just a great person to be around. She makes English far more entertaining than it should be. The world needs more professors like her. I would fill up my entire four years with classes taught by her if that were an option.
5.0 : Lindsey was really fantastic. She was passionate about what she taught and her enthusiasm was contagious. The assignments she assigned also helped develop me as a writer and were therefore useful. She actually made English 101 semi-fun (which is quite hard to do).
4.0 : Nice guy, will help if you ask,
4.0 : Not to hard
5.0 : I personally think that he is a great professor. He gives extra credit which helps tremendously. He is also always available to help if needed. I would defiantly chose to have him as a professor again.
3.0 : Good professor, lots of extra credit, will help you with anything you don't understand. Talks in circles a bit to much but if you pay attention you does give you a lot of good information.
4.0 : A really nice guy that wants to see you pass the course and be successful. Lots of extra credit opportunities. Has really grown as a professor.
5.0 : great guy
4.0 : really nice guy, helpful if you ask. I think he will continue to get better and grow as time goes on
4.0 : He really cares about you passing. He gives extra credit and gives you extra points for your notes on the exams. Attendance is really important. Sometimes he explains in different ways I have previously learned which can either be helpful or way more confusing. Overall good professor.
5.0 : great guy!
5.0 : great
4.0 : Good professor, will help if asked. Gives a good amount of extra credit
3.0 : He's not a bad professor but his lectures are kinda dull.
5.0 : Great teacher, very funny. This class has led me to declare a certificate in Korean! She gives a lot of homework but it is definitely manageable and she gives you every opportunity to succeed. I honestly loved this class. I never missed it once. Take it if you're even considering it!
5.0 : She's such a good teacher! But make sure you have the time and effort for this class if you take it! There's lots of homework every week, and the class is really fast paced. Not for lazy people.
5.0 : She's a really passionate social worker who just got her Doctorate. She's a lot of fun and makes lectures student led, so they're very interesting. Talks about a lot of controversial topics, so be prepared to share your honest opinions and be open to others'.
5.0 : Heather is amazing. Her lectures are so engaging and she is so caring. She cares about each and every one of her students. There is no final but there is two essays which she is very clear about, if you answer all the questions on the rubric you'll get an A.
5.0 : Most understanding that students have life issue too.  Easy to work with.  Happy professor that is well versed in her subject material.  enthusiastic and student centered.  Very open minded and creative.   Hoping that Boise State hires her full time! Excellent professor with a bright personality to offer the social works dismal group of professors.
5.0 : Skyler is by far the best English teacher I have ever had. He's intelligent, kind, and grades you on your thoughts and ideas rather than grammar and spelling. He is available to meet outside of class. He is engaging and hilarious. He knows every student by name. Great teacher, great guy. Taking his class again next semester! 12/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Ben is awesome, clear, concise, and extremely fair grading. Expectations are upfront and fair and followed throughout the course. Takes the time to thoroughly explain topics that need to be addressed. Will also help you understand material that may be foggy to you the student. Overall very helpful and approachable. Would HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
3.0 : The lab sessions were great! However the pre/post labs given by the department were awful! If you take this course ask Ben lots of questions otherwise you will have a tough time with the pre/post labs until the Chemistry department gets their act together. Good luck!
4.0 : Great Professor!
5.0 : Kerns is a teacher that loves what he does, and wants you to love it too. His teaching makes you want to show up to class just to hear his stories and how he ties them into what you learn so it makes more sense. He's very good with using examples to help clarify, and loves to hear/share stories. Very respectful and engaged professor.
4.0 : Jim is one of those teachers that genuinely loves what he does and it shows through his lectures. There were weekly quizzes that counted as participation, but you didn't know which day it would be on. His tests were based on both lecture and the book but if you pay attention and take good notes in class then you won't need the book.
4.0 : Best teacher I've had at Boise state. He really cares about his students. As long as u go to class and do the reading u will pass the class.
5.0 : I loved this class! Dan is funny and incredibly intelligent. He likes to goof around but you walk away with a lot of information gained from the class. His quizzes can be kind of tough but as long as you read the textbook you should be fine. I would highly recommend him.
5.0 : He's the best out there. seriously, I pay attention in this class more than I though I would. His lectures are found online and you have a quiz every 2 chapters and a test every 4 chapters. FYI his test are short essay questions that are easy if you understand the material. He is straight up with you and has a good time in class.
5.0 : He is my favorite professor. He has an awesome sense of humor. The tests are short answer questions and they are good because they are not statist heavy but more to see if you were paying attention in class. The online quizzes are more fact based but still not difficult. Make sure to check your email for notifications.
5.0 : Made every class enjoyable and was outright hilarious, gave good insight and information and was very engaging. Quizes can be difficult but manageable, and exams were easy if you read. Definitely would take again!
2.0 : self taught class! You better read the text book if you want to pass the tests. Your grade is solely based off of tests so good luck!!!
3.0 : He is a super funny professor and definitely has interesting lectures. He doesnt have specific notes to take though besides the topic hes talking about so its tough. Also grades the book critiwue very hard. If you are good at tests take him! If you hate tests and studying, I dont recommend. He grades hard.
5.0 : Dan is a hilarious guy so even though it's a lecture class it's very interesting. The material in this course is engaging and this professor teaches it in a way that helps me to pay attention and learn. Most of the information on the test is in the lecture so be sure to show up and pay attention even though the attendance is optional.
4.0 : New professor, he is pretty great. Class was lecture, tests, online quizzes, and a research paper. Quizzes are difficult, lecture is fun he is funny, tests are easy but are all essay questions, he grades the research paper very harshly (no one got above a B). Pretty easy class, would recommend this professor.
5.0 : Really awesome professor and he is is funny! I would love to take another class from him. There are quite a few quizzes, but if you read the book and use it on the quizzes, you will do just fine. Tests are short essay format and easy if you grasp the concepts. Overall, I loved the class!
5.0 : Dan was my first CJ class at Boise State. The class was awesome! His lectures aren't boring, they're actually pretty funny and apply to real life things. He sometimes likes to digress topics but its always interesting. He does a few extra credit opportunities, and you also get to go on facility tours which was great! (prisons, jail, etc.)
5.0 : Really great professor. Knows the material inside and out. Supportive of his students and always available to talk outside of class. Not an easy class, but so worth the effort. I'd take his course again.
3.0 : He was a good teacher. His accent was a bit difficult to understand at the beginning but I got used to it. All homework and test reviews are online. Test reviews are very different from the tests. If you take the class study what you read in each chapter rather than using the test reviews he give out.
5.0 : This class was a lot more interesting than I thought it would be. She is a great professor. She is looking for participation. She does open book quizzes which are still pretty hard. All the assignments have grading rubrics so it's pretty easy to ace them if you pay attention. I learned a lot of valuable information and she taught it in a solid way.
5.0 : Dr. Finseth is the most intelligent and kind hearted professor I have ever had the pleasure of interacting with.  She brings a fresh perspective to a field that is male dominated and doesn't have much new research.  Dr. Finseth makes students passionate and allows them to adjust assignments to topics they will love doing and will learn from too!
5.0 : IMO, the best CS professors I have had yet. Nearly always available to help with any assignment or project. Once spent an hour with me helping me understand material from a past assignment that I did terrible on. At the end he gave me several points of extra credit.  Only down-side I'm aware of is it can be hard to find what to write for notes.
5.0 : Dr. Kennington was an awesome professor!! He is very laid back and down-to-earth. Uses an awesome site for the class (Trello), and grades HW and projects very fast! I HIGHLY recommend going to his office hours as well if you need any feedback or have any questions, he was very approachable. Overall, an awesome professor and I recommend him!
4.0 : She's very political (super liberal) but a great teacher and encourages a lot of conversation. There is reading but she chooses pretty good readings, and the work she assigns isn't busy work. There are no group projects  and she is always there to help. She's a great teach just wish she wasn't as political while in class:)
5.0 : Loved Christina so much!! Her lectures were ACTUALLY interesting and easy to follow along. She is a very fun teacher. You'll do two projects and than take a final at the end. I enjoyed going to class.... even though it was a night class. She was always very well prepared and you can tell she has a passion for what she is teaching.
5.0 : Loved this class!! Stated her expectations from the start, not too much outside work making it really easy to stay ahead. Keeps her lectures entertaining and quickly responds to emails if you need something.
5.0 : Christina is super funny, very personable and incredibly intelligent. She is easy to talk to and gets very into her discussions but she is organized and knows her stuff! She is a new teacher to Boise State but I feel like she should be considered an asset to the Comm department. I would take her for all of my classes if I could.
5.0 : Ideal prof. Its a heavy curriculum made by-and-for the pre-med type, so cram sessions are hard (7 hour cram77 on a test), make an outline of her PP's (use book) and study it for 2.5+ hrs. b there the class b4 test to get hints on what to study, otherwise its hard to know where 2 start. look up med. roots(-ema,-poietin, etc)make guide. GO 2 CLASS
5.0 : Dr. Frary uses the flipped classroom method for this class and I personally think it works really well. There is a quiz at the start of every class based on assigned videos and reading. She really cares about your learning and she does everything she can to help you. She makes you work for your grade but I learned a lot and really enoyed the class.
4.0 : Let's just say, Tyler is pretty nice to look at. ;) His class could be more interesting, but all in all, its health! Most importantly, show up to class and ask questions, and show that you care. Tyler is understanding if you aren't lazy. He uploads his PowerPoints online after lecturing, so he gives you 1-2 days to study for the quiz next class.
5.0 : Knows what he's talking about, helpful, respectful
5.0 : Makes a somewhat dry class interesting, attendance is not mandatory but does give in-class assignments for grades. There is a lot of group discussion and work including group quizzes.
5.0 : I really like that her teaching style is based on activities and discussions rather than just lecture the whole time. She's a lot of fun and really cares about each individual student.
5.0 : Easy and fun class.
5.0 : Stela is really nice. Out of all my teachers this semester, she is my favorite. We do rely heavy on the text but I like the group activities and she makes class fun. Would take her class again for sure.
5.0 : Very nice! Made communications fun! There's about 4-5 speeches you have to give but they're only a minute long and then there's one group presentation that's 10 minutes long. Very easy to pass and there isn't a lot of homework.
5.0 : Reading the other comments I certainly wouldn't call the class "easy." I think it's more so that the content is explained well so it's understandable but watch out if you miss a class and have to figure it out yourself!
5.0 : Stela is the best! she makes class go by quickly with how she lectures. she usually breaks up class with 2 or more activities. The class is super easy. If you can take her do it!
5.0 : She's an amazing professor!
5.0 : Stela is great and made an environment where it kind of felt more like everyone was friends than just a bunch of students. Surprisingly engaging for a 3 hour night class.
5.0 : Hands down best professor I have had here at BSU. She has fun teaching the class and its easy to pay attention. I recommend anyone and everyone to take english with her. Very helpful in class and over email as well.
5.0 : I took Gary for Comm101, and his class was very enjoyable. He wasn't a very harsh grader, he was very laid back, and he was enjoyable to listen to. Overall, would very much recommend taking a class with him.
5.0 : I took Gary for Comm 341 Nonverbal Communication @ Boise State. He is a very kind and funny man. I really think he works with his students and always has their best interest in mind.  I would recommend a course from him :)
5.0 : Always very interesting and interactive! He is great at keeping the class engaged and on track. He is very friendly and super helpful, all you have to do is ask. I highly recommend!
5.0 : Very helpful and makes the material understandable and enjoyable! He loves what he does and you can tell! I would definitely take this professor again!
5.0 : If you have a chance to take him for any class, I highly recommend it! He is a great professor, his lectures are actually interesting. Tests are easy if you take notes and pay attention in class.
5.0 : Allie... -was perhaps the most helpful instructor I have had. -makes writing less painful for non-writing enthusiasts. -is quirky in a humorous way.  -really cares about her students' success.   If you get the chance, sign up for her class! You will not regret it!
5.0 : So far Allie has been great! Very helpful and caring. One of the things I have noticed is she actually reads your homework! Instead of a generic "good job", she gives feedback specific to your work.
5.0 : Allie has been one my favorite teachers so far!
5.0 : This class has been one of my favorites this semester. It definitely is a class you need to participate in to put two and two together, tie in everything. Carolyn has been a great professor, she genuinely cares and is excited about what she teaches. Every paper and assignment she gives great feedback! I highly recommend taking her course.
5.0 : She is awesome! Very obvious that she loves what she does and gives applicable assignments. Some readings are long but all are very useful.
5.0 : John was a great instructor. Sometimes he talked a little too much, but over all he was kind, funny and easy going.
4.0 : If you need help, seek it. He will not help otherwise.
5.0 : Laura is incredibly talented, knows the human voice backward and forward, and understands how emotionally demanding singing can be. She is very patient and takes a holistic approach to her craft. If you are uncomfortable with "new age-y" (for lack of a better term) methods she may not be for you. I've never sung better in my life.
4.0 : She was very helpful. Good lab instructor!
4.0 : This class was set up in a game-style format.  I loved it and learned a lot in this class.  The professor is available via e-mail and responds very quickly.
5.0 : The class was online. The professor responded quickly to any questions and was always nice and positive. If you just do the work that is asked of you in this course you'll get a great grade.
5.0 : She was helpful and available online at all times.  She answered all my questions, and addressed them quickly.
4.0 : The class is simple-- do your quests and you get an A. She approves them will minimal changes if you make an error. It's an easy class, but you have to prioritize because the end of the semester comes quickly and she takes a while to approve quests toward the end of the semester.
5.0 : I took this class online so I had to communicate with Michele through email and the online program, but she was super helpful with everything. She always responds and approves quests quickly so you can keep going with the class. It is an easy class if you sit down and get it done and DO NOT PROCRASTINATE!!
5.0 : This class is a lot of work but is really clear as to what needs to be done and the teacher always emailed me back in a timely manner with my questions.
2.0 : Amy knows her stuff and she's wicked smart. You HAVE to take this class in your own hands and learn at your own pace. You won't learn from the lectures or reading. You have to ask questions and follow up yourself. The assignments are easy but they don't tie into the subject, really. I'm sure she'll get better.
5.0 : Amy is such an amazing teacher. I always feel like I am learning something new in her class. She see's the world in ways that I don't, but she is really good at explaining them in a way that makes sense. I wish that she taught more types of classes so that I could take her again.
5.0 : Amy is freaking brilliant. Listening to her opinion about things makes this class really enjoyable the material of the class is beyond boring but Amy has a way of making it super interesting. Midterm was hard but other than that class and homework was easy breezy. Easy grader cares about what you took away from an assignment not you know it all!!
5.0 : Really great teacher who loves her students. She is very very smart and give amazing lectures, sometime I do not understand though because I cannot even comprehend what she is saying. Class is mainly discussion based. If you show up to class, and put in effort for the assignments you will do good
5.0 : I would highly recommend taking this class because he never assigns homework and only grades you on test and pop quizes. He gives you the question before you have the quiz and lets you use notes while doing it. He also allows a notecard for his test. His lectures are very interesting and likes to talk about the cases he has had.
5.0 : Banducci is probably the best professor I've taken a class from at BSU so far. He is the nicest, funniest, and SMARTEST guy ever. He really knows what he's doing and has a lot of interesting stories about some of his law cases. He cares so much about his students and makes sure they really understand the material. Take a class from him if you can!!
5.0 : I really enjoyed Amy as a professor. The class I took was split between Serpe and Amy and I felt that while they were both great lecturers, Amy was much more clear and concise. Her tests aren't too hard, much easier than Serpe's. I felt that she was also super good at preparing you for tests, I got a good grade while hardly using the book.
5.0 : Dr Ulappa was a great lecturer and help outside of class. She was clear with what was needed to succeed in the class and backed it up when it came test day. Some tough exams for sure but nothing undoable if you're willing to study. I didn't get a particularly good grade but this was no fault of hers, as it was all things going on outside the class.
5.0 : Great instructor. She made the material very interesting. She taught the zoology portion of the class and the information was much easier to follow than Dr. Serpe's. Come to class, fill out her outlines, and the tests were much easier than botany; coupled with lab this class is a LOT of work. One bad lab/lecture exam can tank your grade.
4.0 : His lectures can be kind of boring sometimes, but he is passionate about teaching and gives great feedback. Very accessible and willing to help outside of class. His class is fairly easy as long as you're willing to put in a little effort. Attendance is required. I would recommend taking him for English 102.
5.0 : Class is super easy. Very easy grader. Super boring class and honestly a waste of time, but he is a good, easy teacher.
3.0 : He seems like a good guy and definitely knows English well. He has many good methods of teaching but does not always execute them well. Sometimes it seemed as though he could not get the class engaged. He assigns a pretty normal amount of homework but if you do it, you'll get a 100 in the class
5.0 : French professors (born and raised in France) make some of the best French professors, like Alice. She's extremely intelligent, witty, friendly, a great conversationalist and easygoing. Easy and quite a fun class, would recommend.
5.0 : Dara is a total rock star. She taught my Intro to Counseling class for school counseling (aka counseling skills for teachers). The class was one day a week from 6pm-9pm, it could have been a total bore. But it was my favorite class this semester. She really makes students feel listened to. She is attentive and knows how to read a room and is funny!
4.0 : This is Zoe's first year of teaching. She is extremely strict on the rules in lab so beware, she doesn't cut any slack. She's super nice and cares about the students. I don't think I ever saw her give out 100% to anyone! She's a tough grader and probably took the job a little to serious. But... she's knows her stuff, she's sweet and fun to talk to.
4.0 : So obviously, she is rated as very attractive.  This does not mean forget about your grade. She does take plagarism seriously and you WILL be doing this with a partner for every lab. She is extremely resourceful. Just remember to read the lab manual and prelab quiz (lose 50% of your grade in not done), your safety goggles, and jeans with no holes.
4.0 : Every assignment is about a a page long papers. Still super easy though
5.0 : Joel is one of the nicest, most genuine guys at BSU. Super easygoing and laid back. Has experience working in business settings, so he knows what he's talking about. There is usually an assignment due each class, but they usually aren't too hard. If you need to take BUSCOM, take Joel.
5.0 : Joel is a great guy who truly loves his profession as a Business man and Professor. He responds to all questions quickly and is clear on expectations. Yes, it is a night class. But with a love for his profession like Joel has, class never drags on.
5.0 : Great teacher. Fun class
5.0 : He was one of the best teachers I've had to this day. He was clear and concise on grading and was fun to listen to. The lectures were always interesting and engaging. There was group work but he helps if you have trouble with your group members. He truly cares and is passionate about what he does. I'm grateful I had the opportunity to learn so much
2.0 : He's passionate about teaching and gives good lectures but takes himself way too seriously. He grades really hard and there is a lot of homework. Don't take his UF if you want an easy A.
5.0 : 10/10 Dane is the best. He's relatable and lovable and he's a really nice dude. He also loves comics. But batman reigns supreme.
4.0 : Pretty cool dude. Great public speaker and teacher. He's pretty relatable and empathetic. Good choice for UF. Sometimes a bit too unforgiving on his grading though.
4.0 : Dane was by far the best teacher for UF 100 Navigating Identity. The amount of work in the class isn't up to him and it is a lot of busy work. If you put in the time and the effort it is an easy A. If not, he will call you out on how little effort you put into your projects. Lots of group projects so be prepared for that.
5.0 : Ru is the most rational professor I have ever had. If you have things going on, he is willing to work with you to make the accommodations. He is the type of guy to go to every kid in the class and ask how their day is going. On top of that, you learn techniques that actually stick with you. Definitely one of my favorite professors.
5.0 : Ru's lectures are relaxed and everything is hands on. If you don't understand what you're being taught, he takes the time to show you how to do things, and will give you great feedback on your assignments. His tests are fairly simple (&amp;rare), and he usually reviews before. Make sure to read textbooks!! I loved Ru's class and will be taking more!
5.0 : Ru is a great guy. He's very understanding and accommodating, if you shoot him an email or talk to him IRL he always loves to chat about projects and help you with anything. He's a genuinely great person. The class was incredibly easy, almost felt like I took advantage of his good attitude. Would take again in a heartbeat.
5.0 : Ru is great! I absolutely would take this class again, it is fun and I really feel like I learned so much from him! You will read the book but it is really interesting and will pull you in!
5.0 : Very passionate about his subject material. Provides good class discussion, and makes it a class I genuinely looked forward to going to. If you need a DLS or just have space for an elective, take KINES180 if you have any interest in sports or coaching at all.
5.0 : He has interesting stories and makes lectures fun. The class is interesting within itself. Beware, there is a big final presentation in front of the whole lecture, but it isn't hard.
5.0 : Attendance is mandatory, but she's nice and does lots of activities, so its fun and I liked going. The textbook is a must, mostly vocabulary, typical 101. The exams are not bad cuz she gave review guides with page numbers, so its easy to study. Overall, she cared about students and wanted us to relate COMM to life outside of class.
5.0 : Theresa was honestly one of the best professors I ever had, and I'm actually sad that my semester in her class is over! She genuinely cares about her students and is very understanding if you have problems outside of the classroom. If you show up, participate, and do all the homework it's an easy A. Bonus: She brings sweets after every exam.
4.0 : Highly recommend taking Comm with her. Yes class is mandatory but as long as you communicate when you're sick youll be fine, participation can make up for the days you missed. Also losts o extra credit opportunities and one excercise do a week and i think only 3 tests and a final plus you get notecards on all of them. Pretty easy
1.0 : I took an online course with this prof and it was awful. She in my opinion, did something different than these courses that earned her good reviews. She had confusing deadlines, instructions, multiple platforms for turning in assignments (not just BB) and required strange "meet in person discussions" between classmates. Would not recommend.
5.0 : My first online class, so I was skeptical, but I loved it! There were a lot of assignments (blog writing, quizzes, discussions) each week, but the videos were very interesting and we had live chat sessions, so it was fun. Therese was really nice, gave helpful feedback and genuinely cares about the subject - I really liked her.
5.0 : His lectures are fun. We had good discussions in this class. He spent more time on minimalism, neo-Riemannian analysis and film music than on twelve tone serialism and the second Viennese school, which I personally was grateful for. Great course, entertaining teacher. He goes out of his way to let students know he's always there to listen.
5.0 : Dr. Richards is one of the most genuine people I've ever met. He makes sure his classroom is always energetic, participatory, and most of all accepting. His lectures are always interactive, in depth, open for discussion, and kept on point. He makes 1 on 1interaction a big part of his pedagodgy so he likes to personally know every student.
4.0 : Monty made UF (Biggest Questions) really interesting. He was really laid back and let us talk in groups majority of class time. Had two short essays and one final project, very easy to pass the class. You are allowed to miss three classes, but really they are only 50 minutes long, and you talk with friends the whole time so you might as well go
5.0 : Great Prof and great class to learn Immunolabeling techniques
5.0 : Great class. You will learn a lot if you put in the necessary time and effort.
5.0 : Learned a lot about immunolabeling and related techniques. Pretty awesome instructor. 5 chili peppers
5.0 : Rich is extremely knowledgeable and is a great person to learn from. I would definitely recommend this course as an introduction into research.
5.0 : I took Prof. Duncan as an ACAD 105 professor after several bad semesters because of struggles reading a text book. He is clear and precise with he wants, the class is relatively easy if you throw some effort into your work, but the only real challenge I had with him is he is a tough grade on the 3 quizzes. He lets you redo papers if they're too low
3.0 : She gives a ton of homework and grades pretty hard for a level 100 class. Slow start at beginning of semester which lead to cramming the last two chapters into about 2 weeks.
4.0 : Bryana is a great teacher. She's really personable and kind. She LOVES grammar so be ready to learn a lot of verb conjugations very fast. You will always know what will be on the test but you will most likely have to study the material outside of class. There will always be homework but it usually doesn't take too long to complete.
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had at BSU. She's SO funny and will make you look forward to class and WANT to learn. I don't have enough words to recommend her enough. I learned more in 1 semester than 3 years of high school Spanish. She's awesome. Also GO TO OFFICE HOURS THEYRE VERY HELPFUL.
4.0 : Good fun but also can be moody on some days. Great with keeping grades up to date but not always amazing at getting in touch quickly.
4.0 : Great professor, class consisted of pop quizzes, exams, and extra credit. I rented the book opened it twice. As long as you go to lectures and do the practice problems that she does not grade and go to review session exams are a breeze. Exams are made from quiz questions and review session.
5.0 : It was Wendy's First semester teaching at Boise State, but she has had grade school teaching experience in the past. She is very well organized and made the class materials easy to understand and had follow up exercises at the end of each lectures for us to get chance to work with a partner to clear things up for that day. A+ Teacher!
4.0 : This class taught me a lot, however you have to work for your grade. Their is lots of homework, readings, group meetings, and a group project. Though the work load is significant Professor Watsen is always available to discuss any concerns or questions with you and she is extremely invested in the success of her students.
5.0 : Kate was tough when grading our lab reports, but very fair and outlined exactly what was expected from us. She was funny and helpful in class. It was a summer course so we had three labs a week so there was a lot of work to do, but it was fair. If you work hard you will do great. Kate was awesome!
5.0 : Katri is sooo sweet. She's really knowledgable and fun to be around. She's more like a friend than a professor. A little hard on the lab report grading but it's because she wants you to actually learn the material. I highly recommend.
5.0 : Awesome professor. She makes labs fun tries to help people be successful. She is chatty, if you like to chat.
5.0 : Dr. Wakild is engaging in her lectures, fosters learning, encourages participation, and clearly loves the subject matter. Given the chance, I would take another class with her.
5.0 : AJ is the best Professor at Boise State! He is very passionate on what he does and he expresses it very well. I have learned so much from him and he will definitely work with you outside of class. He will do anything for you to succeed during and after your college years. I recommend him 100000%! Hes amazing!!
5.0 : Dr. Martin was the best teacher I've had in college. Very caring of his students, great lectures, and knows his material very well. He makes you want to learn and do the best you can. I'd 100% recommend taking a course by him, whether its needed or not. Amazing professor.
5.0 : Professor Amoruso is amazing! I'm still taking his class right now, but wanted to rate him. He's funny, makes lectures fun, and has a lot of experience in the subject of this class. He listens to you and only wants to help you get a great grade. I wish I could take another one of his courses. You will NOT regret it! Take his classes!!!
5.0 : The class I took from Mr. Amoruso was a special topic class on International Crime &amp; Terrorism. The class met once per week in the evening. Typically, class began with a discussion on current events and how they related to the day's lesson. He assigned two papers and misc. readings plus a final. Very informative and not boring. Good class to take!
5.0 : Meg was a really good professor, she answers back in a timely manner and is super nice. She really wants to see her students do well. Quizzes are allowed multiple attempts and she provides feedback on pretty much everything you submit so you know what you need to fix to be successful.
5.0 : Professor Wells is an amazing professor. CJ425 is really hard, but she does her best to break it down for you. She is willing to help you if you reach out to her and she's very approachable. The material is dry, but she makes it fun! She passionate about what she loves. She also splits the research paper into sections which helps. Take her class!!
5.0 : Guido is super chill guy, who cares more about your reasoning than if you agree with him.
5.0 : Great guy with a great personality. Loves what he does. I don't recommend taking this uf but if you do, take it with Guito. He's chilllll dawg
4.0 : Professor Harris is great, she offers lots of ways to get points. Plus, it is an interesting class.
3.0 : Very helpful and clear in what she wants. I am learning a lot and she doesn't make me hate reading. I actually enjoy her class.
5.0 : Honestly one of the best teachers I have ever had at BSU. She isnt your typical english teacher who docs you all on grammar and blah blah, she truly cares about the material and cares more about you learning and growing academically. If you need help? No problem she has office hours and also schedules app. highly recommend!
4.0 : Gina-Monica is a great teacher who gives good feedback and if you try for her class, she will try to help you in all ways that she can. Just simply do what she asks and you will get an A.
5.0 : I loved taking sociology with Kristina! She is an amazing woman with amazing experiences under her belt! Getting to learn from her was awesome and really got me interested in the field of Sociology!
5.0 : Professor Jensen was by far my favorite professor this semester. She is a bit wacky sometimes and says some things she probably shouldn't, but she really cares about teaching her students. Some of her lectures were boring, others were amazing. I learned a lot in this class and it was so fun and funny.
5.0 : Professor Jensen is awesome. She may seem harsh at first but, she wants you to be able to take useful material into the real world. She is very helpful, and encourages her students to get involved with having our own opinions on the course material. Yes, you need to read the books for the course, do the weekly discussion boards but it's super easy!
5.0 : She is an amazing professor, I really didn't know what to expect but I am so happy that I chose her for UF200! She has heavy reading at the beginning of the semester but we go over it in class the next day. The reading isn't even hard! She's awesome and explaining the readings, the work, and what she expects from us. Do yourself a favor and sign up
2.0 : Even you've never been in the military or had a family member who has served, Kristina expected you to know just as much about the military as she did just from reading the books she assigned. The class style was always group discussion, but if you didn't know the answer to her question then she would stare at you for an awkward amount of time.
4.0 : I loved having Kristina as my professor. She assigns weekly chapter readings, followed by an in-class lecture, and a blackboard discussion post at the end of the week. Her lectures are thought-provoking and inspiring. Aside from the blackboard discussion posts, she assigns two exams for the whole semester. Participation is key. Take this course!
2.0 : its a really easy class in that it has little to no homework, but when she tells you what the course will be at the beginning of the semester you think it would be an easy A but her tests are extremely hard and that is what most of her grading is reflective on.
5.0 : Very sweet, not much homework at all, class participation and basic studying for exams.
5.0 : This class is literally so easy. If you show up and pay attention, you probably won't need to study for the tests very much. If you don't show up all the time, but study for the tests, you will be just as fine. The tests are super easy, no trick questions just have to know your stuff. She is good at lecturing the material.
5.0 : He is an awesome teacher. I've taken him for multiple courses and he is one of my favorite teachers at BSU. He's very passionate and it's inspiring to see. He cares a lot and is very understanding if things come up. He wants you to do well and knows what he's talking about.
5.0 : Great class! A lot of really cool assignments. Expect to spend time outside of class working on stuff (just like any college class). She is amazing if you open up and do work that really inspires you.
5.0 : He is a really nice guy who seems to care about his students. He is willing to help you and make sure that you succeed in his class.
5.0 : Take this dudes lab, he makes physics lab somehow enjoyable. He's a bit crazy, but it added rather than detracted from the experience. He also likes to talk about tangent stuff, but it's usually pretty cool. Overall, best Lab instructor I've had.
5.0 : He has a way of making the class really fun. Also pretty good at explaining things. SUPER enthusiastic. Honestly wish he was the lecture instructor, not just the lab instructor.
4.0 : Pretty good class.
4.0 : Grade based on quizzes, discussion boards, homework, in-class case studies, and exams. He's likable, respected, and wants to help you succeed. Hard to follow sometimes, and may come off as "I'm super smart look at all these things I can do... Now you try, don't fail!" He needs to do more problems from scratch and it is OK to remind him to do so.
4.0 : Goldie is a grad student so she is very busy and does not seem to plan for her classes very much. They are relatively boring though she does put a lot of memes in her power points. The class is very easy as you get a portfolio grade meaning there is no exam (you're just graded on the accumulation of homework assignments). If u do homework expect A.
5.0 : Hannah Goldie is a great professor. I was in her English 101 class which was the first class she ever taught. She cares about all her students and really pushes you to do your best work. She keeps the class interesting by using humorous slides and a variety of teaching techniques. I would definitely recommend that you take a class from her.
4.0 : Tuesday online entire class. Thursday packets(not graded). If you finish entire ALEKS pie you can stop going to class &amp; take exam early. Attendance 2x a week, time (Math143 6hrs)&amp; topic goal both 1x a week, 2 easy quizzes, final exam. Drops 4 of your lowest grades. 2 before Tgiving if surpass current topic goal &amp; 2 during dead week. SO EASY
5.0 : Brooke was awesome! She is so sweet and her class is not difficult. It's manageable if you show up and do the work.
4.0 : if you do the work it's an easy A
5.0 : Super awesome professor. Expectations very clear. Always gave great feedback on my assignments. Very interested in helping her students succeed. The class requires a lot of reading towards the beginning but decreases towards the end of the semester.
5.0 : Super cool and down to earth professor. Genuinely enjoys his job. Very caring and empathetic. Always gives very good feedback and easy to reach.
5.0 : Blake is easily one of the best english teachers I have ever had. He cares a lot about his students and takes the time to read each persons paper and give feedback. He is always willing to email too. If you miss more than 7 classes you fail the class and ENG101 was based a lot around the text book and 3 small essays and a writing project per unit.
5.0 : Blake is a great professor. He genuinely cares about each of his students and will take the time to make sure you're succeeding. He takes feedback very seriously and will do his best to make sure his students learn the most that they can from him. Overall a very good teacher.
4.0 : Comm 101 used the textbook a ton. Professor Burns was a pretty good professor but just did the curriculum and went straight out of the textbook. She didn't individualize the course at all. However, she let us do test corrections on all of our tests and quizzes. She grades pretty easy on speeches. Overall the class is pretty easy.
5.0 : If you have to take Art History 101, take it from LeeAnn. She's fun, knows her stuff really well and does a good job of teaching it. She gives great study guides for exams, use them to study and you'll do great. Easy in class quizzes, lets you drop one exam and/or replace one exam with a paper. Show up to class, take notes and you're good.
5.0 : Lee Ann is a wonderful teacher, definitely choose her. You come into a lecture, take notes, take a quick three-question quiz at the end of class to prove you were there, and study very very hard for the occasional exams. The exams are hard though, so remember to study the study guide and pay attention. LeeAnn is great at explaining and funny!
5.0 : LeeAnn is a great professor! She makes lectures interesting and you can tell she knows what she's talking about. I never did the weekly readings and only used the textbooks to study during tests. Only buy the Gardner textbooks. The hardest part of class is memorizing for quizzes. Use Quizlet flashcards and it'll be super easy.
5.0 : LeeAnn is a great professor who really knows her stuff and she does her best to make the lectures as entertaining as possible. Really easy quizzes and it is nice that she lets you drop your lowest test grade. My only complaint is how hard the tests were, I thought it would be an easy A, turns out that I was dead wrong.
5.0 : He honestly cares about his students success. He is not only an all around great person; he's a phenomenal tuba player and instructor. He tailors his teaching method to the student and isn't afraid to try new things. Class load may seem heavy at times, but it pays off and is doable with dedication. Highly reccommend Dr. Snider
4.0 : I learned a lot about myself in this class! Talk to her and she will help you.
2.0 : Professor new to teaching. He was prepared for class, but lectures often strayed away from what was inevitably tested on. Cinema History was taught differently than expected, more of a Philosophy course than a Theater class. The two papers required were scrutinized and he grades harshly.
