1.0 : It's very hard to understand him during lecture. He provides you with study guides for your midterm and final, but I felt like the questions on the study guides didn't help me prepare well for either test. Most of the stuff was also stuff her never went over in class. Don't take him. Sorry, not sorry.
5.0 : Very smart guy he is really fair you need to go to class I order to pass as attendance is taken at every class and is 15 percent of you grade. Do not leave class early because he will call you out I front of the other students. 1 mid terms and 1 final exam multiple choice question its easy to pass him but a struggle to get a good grade.
1.5 : There's a lot of bad reviews but overall it wasn't a bad class. His accent and study guides are confusing but if you ask he'll try and clarify. As long as you study and show up to class you'll pass. 1 midterm, a final, attendence, and a debate are the only things that make up your grade. I skipped class a lot and still managed to get a B.
2.5 : Dr. Cha is original in his teaching style. He is very scarce on the notes he provides and expects students to pay attention in class at all times. One Midterm, one final, a case study, and a paper make up your grade.
1.5 : Dr. LaRosa is a very difficult teacher. The course itself is very interesting and helpful but you basically learn nothing from her. I learned my material through the textbook and Aplia exercises. She gives out a big research paper at the end of the semester along with a separate presentation you have to do. Be prepared to put in a lot of work!
1.5 : If you go into this class treating it as a difficult class and put the effort in from the start you should be fine. As long as you are competent in English and grammar from the start. Grammar is very important. Do assignments, read most of the book, STUDY. My final research report was 27 pages, so you will be working. I would not recommend taking.
1.0 : Students should protest in front of her class to warn other students from taking her class. This was by far the worst classroom/teacher experience I have had all 4 years. Be ready to go insane because half the time you are thinking how can Fresno State allow this lady to still teach? Don't even attempt, you will be miserable.
1.5 : I dropped the class before it was too late. So much for concise business writing, she "greets" students with a 22-page syllabus, that you would have to take a quiz on. A big load of materials, no medical excuses or make ups. I want to study something without fear of failing it. It is not an option with Dr. La Rosa.
1.0 : Prof. Larosa has an arrogant and condescending way of communicating. One example of her incompetent way of teaching is continuously correcting students during presentations. Her controlling demeanor kills any desire to be in the classroom. I felt physically suffocating and claustrophobic. Run from this kind of teaching style! You will learzNOTHING!
1.0 : LaRosa is hands down the worst professor I've encountered in 4 years at state. I read the reviews before I took the class but I needed it to graduate so I was willing to buckle down and surely it couldn't be that bad, right ? A 22 page syllabus which we went over for 3 weeks. She's incredibly rude, unclear, and basically just rambles on all class.
1.0 : Very unclear, not helpful, wastes all class time with slow speaking then complains about being behind, arrogant, condescending, very old, stuck in her ways, doesn't hardly read email, possible to receive negative grades on assignments (and I'm an A student), vague, not knowledgeable in field, talks badly about other departments, DO NOT TAKE.
1.0 : Grading is INSANE. I am an above average student with solid writing skills. She marked an assignment down to a 0 for too many errors. Never gave any good feedback. Grades papers as if she were writing them and takes no account for personal writing style. Luckily people in my class were fun, but I imagine for her other classes its DEATH. AVOID HER!
3.0 : Prof. LaRosa knows her stuff and you will learn a lot in her class, but by no means is this an easy class to pass. She is an extremely picky grader and she is known to give out D's and F's like it's candy on Halloween. My advice, put in all your efforts in this class, follow instructions and show up everyday, you get 5% added for perfect attendance
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. If you have the option to be in another, take it!! She is such a critical grader and contradicts herself a lot. I dropped with a W because I knew it would be that or an F. I am a straight A student and she makes what should be a fairly easy class, extremely difficult.
5.0 : Patricia LaRosa is an amazing professor!! I was hesitant to take her class because of all the nasty comments but she ended up being one of my favorite professors at Fresno St. She wants to you to learn and thrive. She has clear grading and is there when you need help. I would recommend her to anyone taking BA 105w. If you work hard, you will pass.
1.0 : This was the hardest class I have ever taken in my life. Dr. LaRosa is impossible to impress. Not one person in my class got an A on the Midterm. I have studied for every quiz and test, read the book, been at ever class and still I am not passing. PICK A DIFFERENT TEACHER.
1.0 : Her statement in the first session is that many of her colleagues, as well as businesses do not know what they are doing at all. Upon grading a paper not for it's content, but one technical error in set spacing reduced me to an F, despite all other standards being perfect. This behavior was constant. She may be lashing on students for ulterior.
4.0 : Yes, this class is tough. You have to apply yourself and be organized. She is a tough grader, but she is not unreasonable. I learned so much from her this semester. If you read the textbook, you will pass the class.
1.0 : Worst professor I've had in Fresno State. She asks you to go above and beyond but scores you low when you do so.  Takes away points for any little thing you forget or "do wrong" according to her. Be prepared to go everyday of class for that extra 5% she gives if you plan to take her. I would NEVER take this professor again for any course.
2.0 : She is a very knowledgeable person, but can sometimes come off as insensitive in her statements during class. Gives thoughtful feedback for all student work. Poorly structured class. Expectations for assignments are confusing, but since re-submission of work is allowed, you will learn her expectations after the feedback on the first submission.
1.0 : The Worst class i have ever taken in Fresnostate. She kept saying that she was teaching 21th century skills of education, but most of the elements are actually out of date. Most of the information and material were already taught in the undergraduate. Students barely could actively learn from the class ,even it was held by seminar.
2.0 : Huge workload and no structure to the class. Dr. Biacindo is a kind lady, however, not too helpful or reachable outside of class.
4.0 : way d ifferent
1.5 : NOT GREAT NOR UNDERSTANDABLE. First 2 weeks are fine because its just review, so first quiz is easy. No point of the book, just wasted money. Provided worksheets for every class session. Quizzes based on assign.. Exams didn't have enough information for formulas, have to use program to pass but even that is difficult to put in the right formulas.
1.5 : DS 123 there is no textbook use... so don't buy it. He is a pretty terrible teacher, really rude. I passed this class with an A because of past good statistics teachers. Idk how FSU prior courses(DS 73) but I learned all of this material from my Community college. Easy class, just ignore his ignorance, and be there fro clickers
3.0 : During lecture, he tends to jump from problem to problem which made it sort of difficult to follow along however the material is learnable if you actually put the effort there.  All six quizs are online and base off the assignments. The assignments require the use of JMP and it is simple to learn. Three online exams and the final is in class.
3.0 : Prof. Solis is alright. You're graded on 6 quizzes, 3 exams, one final, and you get extra credit for iClicker questions. Attendance is important because iClicker questions are in-class only and it can bring your grade up as much as 5%. He's an alright lecturer. Just prepare to focus hard for an hour when you go to class and it'll be fine.
2.0 : His homework is essentially teaching you to use a statistics program, the quizzes are based directly on the homework, tests are online based on program outputs, and the final? You had better know the equations after all of that plug and play practice! Condescending at the best of times and not helpful. Go with someone else if math is hard for you.
1.0 : MUST READ!  I had no problems understanding him. However, he has a very poor attitude towards teaching. His lack of professionalism, condescending demeanor, and interest in embarrassing  his students make it difficult for anybody to understand Statistical Analysis. For specific examples, see reviews below.
1.0 : Dr. Simba is the WORST professor at Fresno State so BEWARE!
1.0 : I really wanted to like this class but Dr. Simba made it impossible. Don't get me wrong, he's a great person and cares about his students, but he really doesn't belong in the classroom. Lectures were all over the place with no real direction and he repeated himself over and over!! You never knew your grade, it was like walking on eggshells. Avoid!!
1.5 : DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. He is not helpful at all and he makes you seem stupid if you ask a question or ask him to repeat something that you don't understand. He is really rude and doesn't stay on topic with the schedule he made. This class was supposed to be from 1900s to present and the whole semester he talked about slavery.
5.0 : Dr. Simba is a respectable professor who cares about educating students. He is incredibly knowledgeable and respectable. Coming to class is not mandatory but he often gives examples of what could be on the tests throughout his lectures which is motivation for many to attend lectures on a regular basis.
1.0 : I did not like this class at all!! it is very hard to understand him and he sometimes gets off topic. you do not learn anything in this class.  he doesn't use powerpoints or anything he writes on the board and it is very difficult to understand his writing. do not take his class at all you will waste your time. if possible take another professor.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE!!!! I was warned not to take his class, but did not listen and am now regretting it. He is lecture heavy and is all over the place. He states that certain questions will be on the exams but they rarely are. Information on tests is not explained in class either. He is a nice man, but not meant to be a teacher.
3.0 : Not the easiest class but not impossible. Reading the books (3 of them) doesn't really help; his tests are mainly based off of his lectures. He does send out a study guide before each test; look up the topics from the study guide and you should do fine on the tests. 2 mandatory papers (one 8 pager) and 2 short extra credit papers.
2.0 : SImba is a type of professor that will make your stress levels rise.  He will talk about what he only wants to talk about and it will usually not be about the subject matter.   You will have to try and decipher his lectures to find answers to his test which can be quite difficult.  The only help you will receive are the study guides.  Not easy.
1.0 : One of the hardest teachers I've ever had. All he talked about the entire semester was slavery. Then come two weeks before finals he crammed info from 1900-1980 down our throats for the final. I would never take any class from him ever again.
1.0 : This was the toughest class that I have ever taken in my life. Not because the course was hard, but because the professor was not clear in his lectures. The course was supposed to be an American history from 1877 to present and all he talked about was slavery so the tests were hard because we didn't learn about anything else!
5.0 : I absolutely loved Simba's class. I learned so much in his class. He's very passionate on what he teaches. Its a very straightforward class just come to lectures and take notes; you should do well.
2.0 : The class wasn't hard. It's very hard to understand him, so sit in the front. I ended up with a C, only because I did not study for the second test and it brought down my grade dramatically. Study and do all homework and the two essays and you won't get anything lower than a C. He makes it as easy as possible to don't slack and you should be fine.
1.0 : I give every professor a chance, but I regret giving this guy one. He isn't what a teacher embodies. Doesn't care if you pass and bad mouths the class. Very sad.
1.0 : Tough grader for someone who can't teach. If your thinking about taking any of her classes please save yourself some time and take someone else.
1.0 : Winant is by far the most confusing person in the world! If you do not purchase the text book you will not pass. You will teach yourself by reading the text book. In class she "reviews" about the assigned chapter but all she will do is confuse you more than you already are. Your grade is based on the daily quizzes and attendance.
1.0 : Easy class. She confuses herself doing lectures though. Read the book and you'll be fine. She is not a clear instructor in anyway.
1.0 : Do not take this class!!!!!
1.0 : Well to put this into simple terms, she's the only class I didn't receive a good grade from. In her class you basically have to teach yourself logical thinking.
2.5 : She is a sweet lady, that seems to make many students confused but she is an amazing teacher that makes you work your brain. She will always be there for you if you go to her for help. The course overall is just a confusing course because how can anyone really explain logic to you if you do not try to learn it yourself.  (Textbook is free)
3.0 : She's not a good teacher. She would ask if we need help with the homework, AFTER it's due but wouldn't even cover it. She'll literally carry on a whole conversation about a different example and then the last 5 min of class, she'll try to cover the question. You can redo them but still, she doesn't explain it right. Take someone else if you can.
3.5 : She is so nice. The content is tough and she is a tad confusing but she will try to help you
1.5 : She was wicked unclear with answers when asked a question. She literally TAUGHT us in class ONE time, the rest of the time she told us to look at the book or watch videos. The only thing we would do in class is quizzes with information she did not teach beforehand and review exercises we were supposed to figure out ourselves at home.
1.0 : She is seriously the most confusing professor I've had. Completely unorganized and never helps when you have questions she goes off topic and then gets mad when you still don't understand. It is currently a week after the grades were due and she has yet to post them. this is just an example of how she is.
1.0 : Literally the worst class I have ever taken. Do not take this class.
4.0 : Ms. Winant is eccentric &amp; does enjoy confusing her students. In order to get an A take responsibility for your grade. You must read everything &amp; ask questions to pass. She curves grades depending on how much you tried. She has the most interesting stories too like going to some of Foucault's lectures in France.
4.0 : Ms. Winant does enjoy confusing her students. In order to get an A take responsibility for your grade. You must read everything &amp; ask questions to pass. She curves grades depending on how much you tried. She has the most interesting stories too like going to some of Foucault's lectures in France. I haven't been the same since her class.
2.0 : If you can, take any other teacher. Her lectures are a waste of time, making it torture when attendance is mandatory. AVOID AT ALL COST
1.0 : This professor means well, but simply isn't very much help. Everything you learn will be from the book and online quizzes, lectures won't help you understand very much. Philosophy is a complex subject and she doesn't do enough to make it easy to understand. I tried to give this teacher the benefit of the doubt but you're better of with someone else
1.5 : Although she is a really sweet lady, most of her lectures don't help you at all. In order for you to understand the concept, read the book because she can confuse you. Lectures aren't interesting at all, but she is always there to help you in office hours.
1.0 : Just dont take the class please. Really nice lady if you go to her office hours, but as a overall teacher she is not good at all.
1.0 : She's the worse teacher ever!! We take quizzes every Monday and Wednesday. Mondays are group quizzes and Wednesdays are individual. She does a horrible job on clarifying and only confuses you more. Make sure to study for quizzes and do the progress reports. The review projects she gives dont even waste your time she doesnt even collect them.
4.0 : Great professor.  We go into class with our assignments already read.  Then we break up into groups and discuss what we read.  She has multiple books to read, cheaper than all my other phil books.   It is an evening class so we gave up our breaks so we can leave early.  Do your readings.  Papers usually short and she grades on curves.
4.0 : Professor Winant is a great teacher for Phil157. She has a large course load and covers quite a lot in her class. Because of this, there is a ton of reading. However, upon completion of her class, I have a very good grasp of the material. But, like I said, be prepared to read a lot of philosophy. She is very flexible as well which is nice.
3.0 : She's a nice person. In class she normally lectures. She tells you what day(s) you can skip and you won't miss anything. RECOMMEND A STUDY BUDDY! Finding someone in the class to work on hw with makes it 10x easier and more fun. She is very helpful, especially when you attend her office hours (bring a buddy with you too, learn more, &amp; less awkward).
1.0 : You do not learn in the class itself, she doesn't teach/ answer questions, all the learning you do is from the book (i took extensive notes from the book), expect a lot of online quizzes (big part of the grade) with a software that messes up a lot.  Also,  to do a lot of projects and on the quizzes, justify each answer with sentences.
1.0 : I had to drop the class because she was so scatter-brained. She looked like she didn't know where she was half the time. Whenever someone answered a question wrong, she wouldn't clarify what the right answer was! I would recommend taking literally any other Philosophy class.
1.0 : Please avoid this class! Especially if your taking it just for GE.. I read all these comments before taking this class giving her the benefit of the doubt but she is just a horrible professor. Theres hundreds of online quizzes she gives you throughout the semester and a few quizzes and special projects along with a mandatory final. AVOID!
1.0 : Let me start with the main frustration: with the score of 85% on the comprehensive final exam MH gave me a D! I only missed on assignment, here we go! Lectures are disorganized, his usual phony phrase when he has nothing to back up with his sentences," we will talk more about it later". You have to read the book to take 12 quizzes. Good luck!!!
1.0 : He doesn't teach from the book. He just talks about what he thinks you need to know if you go into a career in Information Systems.  Lectures are super dry and boring. The whole class just feels like a waste of time. Not helpful whatsoever. Take anyone else before you even consider this guy.
1.0 : awful teacher, who doesn't even make his own test. He lectures about Vegas a lot and doesn't provide any useful information!!!
1.0 : Never have I met such a horrible professor!
1.0 : She is by far the worst professor I have ever had. I do not understand how she got through school if she was as unorganized as she is now. It's been 2 months since grades closed and I've asked to see the scores of my last two exams including the final and she has yet to respond to any email. I could honestly say she is someone I have 0 respect for.
5.0 : Nicest woman you will ever meet. Works with you when you need to make things up. Tests are easy and generalized. Hardly any work outside of class.
1.0 : Do yourself a favor just don't take Kern. Hard exams with no curve and she doesn't even know how to teach. The fact that she has a PhD is surprising!
1.0 : Hard class. Very unprofessional for most part. Always confusing when lecturing. After she lectures on a topic, she completely changes what she said the first time. You get easily irritated by her especially when she cancels class without information the class. The exams are very tough, so make that book your life because she won't help. AVOID HER!!
1.0 : Kern is probably one of the worst professors i've had in my college career. The subject is already hard but she makes it even harder to understand. I warn you stay away. She sometimes doesn't even seem to know what she's talking about and relies on students to guess the word for her. The labs are easy but the lectures are a drag.
1.0 : Such a nice lady but not a good teacher
1.0 : I now know why the chicken crossed the road; to get the cluck away from her. Tremendously confusing and disorganized. No idea where half the  material for her exams came from.  You can run, bio majors, but eventually you'll have to take her.
5.0 : Ruthie may not be as interactive in the lab as most students expect her to be but she's a great person one on one. The quizzes were hard but she lit tho.
1.0 : Don't take her for god sakes. She has no sense of time. She is late for class and never let you go out of classroom 15 minutes later than usual. Always. DON'T TAKE HER
3.0 : This class is somewhat hard and requires you to put in the time. She didn't teach some chapters but still required us to read them and study them on our own for the final. Lab was way easier, the lab practical exams were very easy. I recommend taking pictures of the microscope slides and search slide images on the internet, this really helped me.
1.0 : A friend of mine told me that whatever I do not to take Dr. Kern. I thought they were just full of it and signed up for her class anyways. Boy were they right. Very unorganized, has no idea what is going on. She is a very nice person, but should probably stick to working in a lab or doing research on her own somewhere.
1.0 : 15 out of 10 do not recommend taking her
1.0 : Half the time she doesn't know what she's talking about and when she does it's incredibly hard to comprehend. Also she won't respect your class time but she expects you to respect hers. 10/10 do not take
1.0 : Nice person, but easily the worst teacher I've had.  She sometimes doesn't know the material she is supposedly teaching, and it gets worse when she digresses into physics or chemistry.  She often shows up late or not at all, claiming health issues.  Unprofessional in that regard.  She should take disability retirement if her health is that bad.
4.0 : She was very disorganized but her tests weren't excessively hard. An "A" is definitely manageable and she doesn't expect more than what you are told in lecture.
1.0 : Dr Kern is a good person but not at all a good professor. If you have to take any of her classes (specifically Bio 11), I would recommend taking the class at fresno city to clovis community. She is late more than she is on time, doesnt explain the material well, doesnt explain her assignments well, and much more. 10/10 avoid this professor!
1.0 : I emplore you do not take a class with Ruth Kern. She has been late to class all but one time this semester. She may be a nice person outside of teaching but doesnt belong on a college campus. For example today she was late by 35 minutes of a 50 minute, then proceeded to try to teach after the class was over.
1.0 : My experience: Late to class everyday (no joke), really long lectures that were out-of-context, which gave us less time for our actual lab, held us in after class even after she was late, waited until the last week of class ON THE LAST DAY to post final grades, cancelled office hours, and didn't respond to emails. Nice person, but MESS of a class.
1.0 : She is clearly ill and shouldn't be teaching, not until she rehabilitates in some way. She can't teach her material and it becomes more apparent as the semester goes on. Anyone else is better for you. Heed my warning
1.0 : Easily the worst teacher I've ever had. Took a month to grade the 1st test, hasn't graded 2nd test  1 12 months later. Cancelled class on the last day of instruction wo telling us about final and didn't email us about it until the day of. Didn't get to last 4 chapters of lecture, but told us to learn it ourselves for the final. Very disrespectful
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HER! always late and unprepared and let me tell you the lateness gets old and annoying, NEVER take lab after the lec, makes you wait HOURS outside while she "prepares" and then basically gives you 15 mins to complete the lab. The material on the practical is Difficult because we never got enough time on lab. BUT there was a curve.
3.0 : There wasn't much to this course. I skimmed each chapter reading and did the online homework assignments (Wiley+). There are bi-weekly "mini" exams (10 questions). And two group projects. One paper, one excel assignment. I passed because I completed all hw, quizzes and projects. Some of the material is covered in DS71&amp;73. No final exam.
1.0 : If you need to take this class, be sure to read the textbook and complete online assignments well ahead of time. Get a financial calculator too. You are not going to find much help online or from the professor, so it's all on you. Start the group projects well ahead of time, especially since instruction is not very clear. The best of luck to you.
1.5 : This professor is very unorganized. I would recommend taking another Finance elective than this one.  Nothing was really learned throughout the class and there were many questions about the class that the professor didn't answer.  However, he is a very easy grader but the class is not enjoyable.
1.5 : I had took the online classes before and any one is better than this. He just send the email to us with what should be done for each week, and an outlet of the text book which is the same to the content from the book. No powerpoint, no solution for the homes work or tests. Also, the text book is really poor.
1.0 : This is the worst professor I've had at Fresno State. I took his lecture course for entrepreneurial finance. Not consistent or clear. Totally random and opinion based grading. Not only is he difficult to understand but he is so unorganized. He makes tests harder than it needs to be. SUPER HARSH avoid at all cost. A+ students FAIL this class.
1.0 : Going through the MBA program at Fresno State, was hoping to learn Finance, this teacher is by far the worst I have ever taken. Never answers questions, always rude. If you want to teach yourself by reading the book and then stress out over writing papers, doing homework, mini quizzes, and exams with no guidance from the prof. take this.
1.0 : Just read through the other responses, and they are all pretty much spot on. He wrote the textbook for the course so you cant find a cheap on online, which is ridiculous. Nothing on the tests come from the textbook or the lectures. He's tough to follow along with. I can honestly say I don't think I absorbed a single thing from his class.
1.0 : Lazy professor and too much technical issue, simply not at university level. Worst class in my college life. He conflicts himself. Do not take online class.
1.0 : Worst professor in the MBA program. I was a straight A student until i took his class. He failed my entire group project because of one simple calculation error made in calculating the Intrinsic Value of a company. Sure, we made a mistake, but not worthy of an F. He will not help you until you have jumped through several hoops to get to him. Avoid.
4.0 : Very Smart and good real-life examples.  Learned through case studies, which helped us relate better.  Solid Professor.
2.5 : Lots of reading and a whole lot of work.  Not a terrible class, but you need to be on top of the schedule yourself.  He is very responsive via blackboard, but won't respond to emails, so make sure you ask your questions online. But, he will make you feel like an idiot if you ask a question in the syllabus (so check there first). Good luck!
1.5 : Took this class online and it was exactly what others on here have said. If you need help or have questions, forget about it. The syllabus is literally 15 pages long and the most confusing thing I've ever read. He will make you refer to it constantly. The group projects are a joke. If he makes an error, he might acknowledge it, but he won't fix it.
1.0 : This professor has a problem. He has a 16 page syllabus, gives hard group projects and hws. Btw, it only an one attempt. Everything must be done online and if the answer to a question is on the syllabus, he won't answer you and would just ask you to "reread it until you get it," said the professor. Rude. I swear, don't take him or you will fail.
1.0 : He is the worst professor I have ever taken in my whole college career. Took it online, and he was not understanding. Had technical errors, and he would not accept my online midterm. Does not teach a single thing in this class.
2.0 : Doesn't know what he is doing half the time. Makes up assignments on a whim. Extremely unclear when it comes to instructions. Tests are challenging and he does not explain what will be on them very well. Don't expect to learn much of anything and be ready to be constantly set up for failure.
1.0 : Unorganized, unclear, and takes forever to grade. Take another finance professor if possible.
2.0 : Nice guy, but gets off topic and no one knows whats going on most of the time. Takes forever to grade assignments so good luck trying to figure out your grade before the final. Hardly responds to emails because he doesn't want to "micro manage" us. Tests are 70% of your grade and each test is only 3 essay questions. Avoid if possible
1.0 : Trust me, do not take this professor's class. You don't know what he focus on the exam. He spent a lot of time on analyze the case which won't be appeared on the exam. He will let you review the whole topic through this semester for exam II&amp;Final.  The final divided into in-class and take-home. Each exam will give you 6 papers to write.
2.5 : Difficult course online, if you don't give it at least decent effort you will not pass this course. He is very unresponsive to email, you may not get an answer back for a few days. Homework online through WileyPlus, 2 Mini Exams every other weeek, and 2 end of semester group projects.
1.0 : Rude and not very helpful. Will not set you up for success. Questions on exams are different for the chapters you are supposed to be taking. Bad textbook. Index does not give the correct page numbers. Will not recommend to other students.
1.0 : The most ridiculous instructor I have had the displeasure of experiencing in my college career. Syllabus is 12 pages long and looks like 4 - 5 different ones spliced together. He has very poor writing skills and refuses to answer student questions ("It's on the syllabus." Yeah, no it isn't.) Did not put any effort into his online course.
3.0 : Real easy class. The tests are the hard part becasue i just dont like marketing. But with the homework SLP project and extra credit he gives you could get 50 percents on the exams and still pass with a B. He curves tests and is a nice and easy grader.
2.0 : Kind of hard to understand the way he writes (syllabus, emails, etc).Uses virtual class that requires  active participation else you get no credit.  Uses lockdown which disables webaccesss on exams. Tests were hard cus I didn't really read the book.  Assignments were easy. He must curve cus few points were added to bring my grade up.  Yay.
3.0 : Attend every class and pay attention in lectures. Exams are open book, but are hard. Tough grader on assignment but ask q's if you don't understand something. Get FAMILIAR with your text and ppt lectures. Got an A in the class but worked hard for it.
2.5 : His test was open book and the materials are all over the course (textbook, PP, discussion in class and web). Gave a lot of extra credit. Require min. 16 service hours (easy part).
1.0 : Unfair to disenfranchised students. If you buy the online book in his courses, which are cheaper and some students need to do it, you cannot use it on exams. When approached, he said we should have purchased the book as a hard copy. Very sad and it really hurts my grade because I work full time and cannot write down everything from the book..
1.0 : The teacher is unspecific about goals and requirements. This makes the course so difficult. Not the topic or material keeps you struggling, the mind of the professor will.
1.0 : Terrible, avoid this professor at no cost. Lectures don't help, she goes by way too fast. Attend most of the lectures for clicker points.  On exam days, there's at least more than one typo or errors I remember she would had to stop test taking, to inform the students the errors. Unprofessional in this matter. Assignments are different from exams.
1.0 : Awful teacher. Avoid at all cost. Does not teach, only reads from powerpoint. 3 midterms throughout semester- terrible but the final was pretty much the midterms combined so it was really easy. Lots of reading and quizzes. Try to find a better teacher for this class.
2.5 : One of the most difficult classes I have ever taken, professor Rawat was very discouraging on the first lecture day. Do not take this class unless you definitely need it for your major. Course requires much effort and studying on your own, and must purchase the book. I recommend  attending SI sessions!
1.0 : The class is super hard but, not impossible. She doesn't really teach just reads off slides. You mostly have to teach yourself by reading textbook. Try to get a different teacher and you will probably have a better chance at passing.
1.0 : Terrible instructor.  She confuses herself, and does not have a firm grasp of the subject matter.
2.5 : I was in her class and during her lectures, she basically read off the slides of her power point, and yet at some points students were correcting her for her clicker questions as well. I went in with knowledge but came out more confused as ever, so if you do take this class, study A LOT!!!! And good luck to you.
1.0 : Reads straight form the lecture then proceeds to post said lecture an hour after class. No curving on tests and attendance is only monitored by the use of iClickers otherwise you could not go to the class and just read the posted lecture for everything that happened that class.
1.0 : Dr. Rawat was hands-down, the worst lecturer and research professior I encountered at Fresno State. She read straight from her slides, scoffed at student questions and tested on biochem minutae from the textbook. Her research lab was a miserable environment where she harped on her RAs and made cruel personal comments. Avoid if possible.
1.0 : Two words: Good luck!
1.0 : The absolute worst professor I've ever had. I don't know how she still has this position. I wouldn't retake this class from this professor if somebody paid me. Unclear, rude, defensive, and the worst grader I've come across. Avoid her at all costs.
1.5 : The only class last semester that I dreaded going to. Basurto is a horrible example for future teachers. However, she is a pushover. We talked her into not giving us a test as a final and instead we did a group project. Her assignments aren't too hard but she does make you stress out because she is so unclear of her expectations and instructions.
1.0 : As everyone else has said she is very unclear, puts too much emphasis on the wrong areas. Literature circles are pointless. Overall useless class and cause of more stress than necessary.
2.0 : She doesn't post powerpoints on BB, yet she speeds right through them during lecture expecting everybody to know everything beforehand.  She isn't clear on her assignments.  Asking for clarification is a waste of time because she most likely won't understand your question.  You will get very annoyed by her.
1.5 : all tests are in the testing center. There are two group projects which are ok if you get good teammates. Sign up for the same group for both projects. Make sure to read all documents in the folder so you don't miss any deadlines. read and study practice exams and online material. video meetings. work ahead, the professor is rude and is no help.
1.0 : WORST PROFESSOR I'VE EVER HAD! very rude in emails and is no help at all. Save your GPA and do not take this class. All tests in testing center and are hard, this is not an all online class. group projects, group meetings, etc. you'll be lucky if you get a passing grade.
1.0 : Horrible horrible professor!! Avoid him at all cost. Almost impossible to understand. I've never had any problems understanding accents but his is just hard to understand. Not only is his  accent bad but he doesn't teach much. Goes off topic all the time and blames students for doing bad.  Everyone in my class was failing including 4.0 students.
2.0 : AVOID THIS TEACHER!!! Very heavy accent hard to understand. NO organization to his lectures, likes to randomly talk about topics. Don't learn anything in class. Going to have to teach yourself, READ the book if you want to pass. 2 midterms 1 Final not cumulative. 4 page paper on stocktrak and like 10 lab assignments. Don't need Wiley
1.5 : Clarity is very low and when you ask a question he is very rude about it. I asked for help and he was condescending that made me not want to ask for help ever again. I clicker points are crucial. Test are tough so make friends and study. The research project seems hard but you have the option to be by yourself. soooo be by yourself!
1.0 : LING 10 ONLINE   This is the hardness online class I have taken he doesn't respond emails and doesn't explain the material clearly and very hard grader.
1.0 : He does not post any of his power points, runs through the slides, Claims you don't need the textbook because he has posted the textbook on blackboard (the pages are only half uploaded). Admitted to posting answers on the exam to be wrong when they were correct to see who is following and understanding the subject. I wouldnt recommend his professor
1.0 : Never take this instructor - he doesn't agree with the text he requires, therefore, it's easy to get answers wrong on tests.  Also his grading system is wacko - you think you are getting a higher grade, then you really do!Plus, the Prof. is dismissive of any questions you might have - just a warning.
3.0 : Professor Chandra is a great and passionate instructor! If you receive  a good grade in his class it was because you worked your butt off and you asked him lots of questions. You will have too take a lot of notes,  and the homework assignments were tough but he did not mind helping when asked. Take his class and challenge yourselves.
3.5 : Grade is based on open-note, online quizzes and some homework assignments. Both are VERY easy if you actually know the material. He gives a lot of practice work and goes over it in class, which is very helpful. Great teacher, passionate about the subject; I learned a lot, and it was my easiest class all semester.
1.0 : The introduction to the course was supposed to one class period. IT LASTED NEARLY 5 WHOLE PERIODS. We were so behind, but he didn't care and gave us tests and quizzes on chapters he hadn't covered! He avoids answering questions, and puts you down if you try to participate in class and get the answer wrong. 10 of 10 wouldn't take again.
1.0 : The class does require a lot of effort for an online class. There are weekly discussion boards and journals. Also a midterm, final, and essay (which has an unclear prompt). The professor is not clear on a lot of his directions. He is absolutely RUDE when you try to ask a question. I would not suggest that anyone pick him as a professor.
3.0 : I took his class last semester and I can tell you the midterms were a bit hard but the final was easier than expected. Read the chapters and follow the study guides for the exams and you will do good! got and A in his class.  p.s you will have to write a research paper about 2,000 words but he grades it fair
2.5 : The class is hard and requires a lot of work which he says so himself at the start. You do have a research paper which will be about 6 pages I believe? Oh you also take the final on campus. Every test has a study guide which you can find off Quizlet.
2.5 : Took his online class and there was not much homework other than not so easy tests but the final was fairly easy. Plus you have to write a 2,000 word research paper and i wrote a 3,500 paper, those extra 1,500 were because I had fun writing the paper but I don't even know if he graded the papers at the end of the semester. Got an A for the class!
1.5 : Rudest professor I have ever had. I am currently taking the class and can't seem to catch a break with my paper. Luckily I am only taking this class as a filler. For those that have to take it, stay away from this guy. He's just rude and unclear.
1.5 : This class was crazy hard.  I am an A student and I could not make this one happen.  He talks about knowledge not grades being the key part of education,  and I concur.  However, a passing grade should be the norm when the normal student applies normal effort.  As a, per GPA, better than normal student I hoped to pass with normal effort and did not
2.0 : Professor was very disorganized.
1.0 : Liar teacher confusing doesn't really know the subject matter
2.5 : Not a very clear communicator. She has high expectations.
2.0 : Class is based off of weekly paper assignments. They're very time consuming and he is a tough grader. Class has a final EXPO. Overall the most difficult entrepreneurship class that I've taken. I considered switching to management.
1.0 : Sebra begins the class by telling you he hates lecturing, and then he proceeds to lecture for the entire semester. He knocks your grade if you don't attend his boring classes. He speculates about businesses in the newspaper quite a bit, and he is often wrong. He's cares more about your paper than you actually running your business.
1.0 : He begins by stating that he hates lectures, and then he proceeds to lecture for the entire semester. He knocks your grade for not attending his boring classes. He speculates about businesses in the newspaper, and he is often wrong. He cares more about your paper than you actually running your business. Someone else should be teaching this class.
1.0 : Worst Profefssor I  ever had, never again.. You ask her for help and she doesn't help.She goes around your answer. Never met someone that stood so highly for the community, but did poorly for the students needs.
1.0 : Worst professor ever !  He expects you to know the work  Provides feedback however it is too late u will submit few assignments before u got a feedback on the first one  Save yourself time and money do NOT take any class with him ! Very unhelpful
1.0 : This lady was  No help what so ever.she  does not explain things right.Gives attitude and looks at you funny when asking a question. Doe's not reply to any emails One thing I enjoyed in this class was group assignments but then she does not explain what to do?expects you to know what to do.i reccomend to take a different professor.
1.0 : very rude and not a very good professor
1.5 : She is really nice, but she is a terrible teacher. Wasted too much time on guest speakers, hardly ever went over the labs, and didn't get through half of the labs that other teachers did. Made me absolutely hate the subject i loved before. Take anyone else. She means well, but just no.
1.0 : I don't know how she got her Master degree on this major!!!!!!
1.0 : Not helpfull, very confusing avoid at all cost
1.0 : Had no office hours. Everyone was clueless. Messed up EVERY class example. Do Not Take. She tried to help but was intellectually unable.
1.5 : As an international student, I did not understand anything!! all my grades are 0. There is no lecture and nothing to speaking out about ECE 1 class.. she just wants us to purchase this and these and those and that's all.
2.5 : I liked the fact that she brought in guest speakers, they could really tell you about the day in the life of an engineer. But as for the labs, they were totally confusing and she definitely could have helped the class more by explaining on what we were supposed to do. Rather than just having us read the manuals.
1.0 : Let me tell you this--- the class is really Easy and the course is fine. However griva will not help you what so ever. It's practically an online class with everything due online. Finish and submit everything on time on blackboard and you are guaranteed an easy A. Just don't depend on the professor.
1.0 : Weekly module assignments were very easy; a cultural-power-point project that requires you to meet up with an assign partner and a final research paper that consist of 5 pages with an annotated bibliography. The instructor is unhelpful, rude and unorganized. She doesn't clarify or fully explain anything.
2.0 : Her online class was almost too easy. Although she is rude &amp; takes awhile to respond to emails, her class is a definite easy A. Assignments are due almost every monday, wednesday, and friday. You have to write a lot of papers but they are all opinionated so it's hard NOT to get full credit on your assignments. Just follow her criteria &amp; do the work
1.0 : Her online class is easy, but the way her prompts are described makes no sense majority of the time. She doesn't get back to you right away and expects you to know where everything is. The cultural powerpoint project seems easy, but what does going shopping or having dinner have to do with being cross-cultural? Sample questions are unnecessary.
3.0 : This class is extremely easy! Weekly assignments that do not take much time, two projects (one being a group project), and one final paper. She is an extremely easy grader. I've never had problems with any of the assignments, although she does seem a little unorganized. I've also never had to email her, so I can't say she's a rude professor. I'd recommend taking this class if you're looking for an easy A.
1.0 : Be on top of your assignments, if you're not good at time management don't take any online class! Although she isn't clear with assignments, it is self explanatory you can figure it out.
1.0 : worst spanish teacher there is at fresno state. Total air head, he puts in no effort but expects so much from you. terrible at explaining things if you are confused about a particular thing. pretty sure theres something wrong mentally with him. I hope they fire him.
1.0 : This is a very tough class. All the IS prof no follow Ireberri laws! Test are really hard even if you have read the chapters 10 times. Questions are more like trick questions and talking to the prof ridiculous.  Me and my friends formed a study group and none have ever failed a class. 3 out of 4 failed and she only got a C! Hard class bec of prof!
1.0 : DO NOT HAVE A MAC! She will not let you know ahead of time that if you run Mac OS you will not be able to do half of the assignments, from SAP to Microsoft Access, and a couple of other things.  This professor in a couple words is Unorganized, unhelpful, and lacks respect for students.
1.0 : This teacher assigns projects in programs that we have never heard of and must download first. If you have a Mac don't take her online class because she doesn't provide you any help and blames you for not knowing how to work your computer when things don't work. The SAP program she openly admits to not knowing how to work and is not user friendly.
3.5 : One thing about professor Iriberri is that she is FAIR with her grading scale.  If you do the assignment and take the online quiz with open book, you'll find it hard to not pass with at least a C or better.  Her test is tough and expect to study for all of the key terms in every chapter to get an A grade on her test.
4.0 : Took online so don't know her as a person, but overall decent enough. Instructions were a bit unclear at times, but she's quick to respond to your emails so you can ask questions. Labs and assignments are easy enough, ERP stuff is hard but that's the software not the teacher's fault. Tests are hard, but department written, so not her fault.
1.0 : This is not my first class with her, and both were made more difficult by the weak, though forgiving, structure and perception that every assignment was a moving target. I like her on a personal level, but I just wish she would crack the whip once in a while. Tell us exactly what you want and expect us to do it to that standard.
3.0 : There's weekly homework assignments, but nothing too complicated. Tests are VERY difficult. If you don't read the chapters you won't pass the test. She doesn't make the tests, so you can't blame her. There's a lot of material that needs to be memorized (terms AND examples) so be prepared to do a lot of reading. She tries to make class interesting.
1.0 : I have never taken a class that was this bad before. The teacher, who is supposed to be experienced in the subject, had no idea what she was doing. The only reason you really need the text book is because you basically have to teach yourself the subject. She never kept on schedule or to the syllabus. Her curriculum was a bad. Bad teacher overall.
1.0 : Be prepared to use the book  to teach yourself the material since it will be pretty difficult to follow the inconsistent flow of her lectures. The lab portion is alright if you follow SQL examples and practice using the program. You will also need to teach yourself to do things in access which aren't covered in class for the final project
1.0 : The lectures are very long and she is very incomprehensible.  Her teaching style is overly concerned with PowerPoint's and often involves pointless class activities that are never reviewed once finished.  She does not have the ability to properly explain the material and is very unorganized.  Read the book before the semester if you expect to pass.
2.0 : Quizzes, 3 Lec Exam, 3 Lab Exam, 1 Fat Project. I advise you to learn ACCESS on Lynda. She is really cool and understandable. Get to know her. She is not too confident within herself at times. She is awesome though.
1.0 : Avoid this professor at all costs. Reads off the PowerPoints that are often 60 slides long. Often wont even face the class and will read the PowerPoint off the board. Not to mention, if she gets distracted or flustered by a student at all she will emotionally she down. Like cant even lecture.
4.0 : Her online class is fairly easy. Weekly homework and quizzes (7-10 questions / 20 minutes) due on Mondays. The tests are proctored through the testing center, so you do need to try to learn the material (no cheat sheets). The assignments can seem intimidating, but if you follow her instructions to a T, she will give you full credit. Get the book.
1.0 : This professor is just horrible she spends an excessive amount of time presenting topics and is very unorganized.  When she speaks she does not know how to properly explain topics which shows her lack of understanding of the topic.  She does not take the time to explain the topic in detail and tends to make rude remarks on an entire class exams.
1.5 : Exams are tough! Study guides do not help! I had to literally memorize every term per chapter. I would not take it online every again.
1.0 : That class is the worst class I have ever taken! She is not able to answer questions clearly. Thats not really helpful for the exam. The exam is way too much stuff to study and the study guide is not helpful at all. If you have problems with the SAP cases, either you can help yourself or you are screwed. It takes her ages to answer your emails.
5.0 : Be ready to work hard! Although intimidating, the class really isn't that difficult so long as you try. I saw that the hardest things for students were the exams and the two projects so just be prepared to take your time to study. Interest and grades may fluctuate per business option but Iriberri is available to help, especially for the projects!
1.5 : Professor is Strict on writing. Very little people could meet her expectations. You can skip class all you want and still be able to do extra credit. Since many people did horrible in her class she offered several extra credit at the end.
2.5 : He knows what he's doing, he is there when you need him but you have to approach him in order to get actual clarification of the assignment. Other than that he is really good at providing feedback. Expect to work in groups because he does it most of the time.
1.0 : Not that great of a professor, he requires us to do student revisions but we can't point out mistakes. He wants people to be nice in their critiques and tell them what they did well which I found to be completely unrealistic and just a waste of time. How are we expected to learn to write a paper when our mistakes can't be pointed out. No feedback.
1.0 : Talks in riddles, does not posts grades online so you have no clue where you stand
1.0 : If you are looking to be stressed and confused, do not even take the class. Not helpful or clear. will cancel class and give you unexplained hw. says that the prompt tells you how to do it and will not explain how it supposed to be. Never in for help. Cusses at students and makes retarded jokes. just do not take him. 4 students took an F and droppd
4.5 : He's a great professor and is there for you to clarify any doubts you have. He's passionate about what he teaches, although, he may speed up a bit and get you confused he makes sure his students understand the lesson. He is very helpful. I would definitely take his class again!
2.5 : Good: cancels class a lot. Bad: Very boring. Surprisingly had to do various and different homework (reading assignments and essays) almost every class day, which are very boring. He doesn't really explain well and is not clear on what you are supposed to do on an assignment, too poetic.
1.0 : This class was horrible. The in-class work we had to do was pointless. There was always unnecessary homework assignments due the next time we had class. Whenever he gave out a writing projects,  the whole class was always confused about what to do and what he expected from us. I WOULD NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER AGAIN.
3.0 : He is not very clear but you'll get the point. Most of the grading is do by peers so make sure to give them a good grade and make sure they give you a good grade specially on the final portfolio because you will end up with that grade. I didn't do some on the hw( dialectal journals) and I ended up with an A. Easy class if you do all the essays!
2.5 : He is unclear on what he wants from you. If you ask a question you can tell that he try's to answer to the best of his abilities but doesn't know how. It was an okay class because it challenges you, the only downside is how unclear he is on what he wants from you.
1.5 : He acted like the student asking the question was stupid all the time. He was always super unclear. He asks very vague things from you with zero explanation, and grades hard.
1.5 : Don't take this professor! Just don't! Hated this class. The class time is so boring and pointless, but you have to show up to pass the class. Only sometimes will he respond to emails, most times I waited a couple days for a responce to a paper that was quickly approching. When he did respond, he offered the minimum amount of help possible.
3.0 : He is not that bad of a professor. He just gives a lot of unnecessary homework. He also asks us questions that do not make sense but gets annoyed when we do not answer.
1.5 : Yang is unclear and very scattered when it comes to class work and homework that he assigns. He often confuses classes and mixes up homework due for other classes. Would NOT take again if I didn't have to.
1.0 : Actually the worst professor I've ever had. The work he assigns never relates to anything and seems like busy work. Thinks everyone is a poet and thinks you're stupid when you're not. Fails people regularly
1.5 : He is not the nicest when it comes to grading but he will give you good feedback that he EXPECTS you to fix when you submit your final portfolio.  He truly wants everyone to pass, he just doesn't know how to clearly state what he wants from you. If you do ALL the work, you will get at LEAST a B. Work hard and it will pay off. SHOW UP TO CLASS.
3.5 : If you need help then he's there to help you. Really inspirational, helped me a lot on my papers and has expanded my knowledge on how to write better papers. Do every assigned work and you'll pass with a B. Addition to that, if you make sure to participate and be on time to class, you'll earn yourself an A.
2.0 : All she does is read off her power point that she posts online before class. Don't need to show up for class except for attendance. Exams are all online.
1.0 : This class is rage inducingly bad. Format? READ, REFLECTION, DISCUSSION, LECTURE  WASTE OF TIME. He doesn't know how to code, and gives poor instructions for poor assignments. I actually wanted to learn about web design as a designer. You hardly design or code or anything (copy paste). One of his lectures is on a proposal document for a client...
1.0 : Gave vocab test with terms that weren't on study guide. Must ask several questions to understand assignments. His policy is that fulfilling the requirements of the assignment gets you a C. If you go "above and beyond" then you MIGHT get a B or A. Vague explanation for what above and beyond means. Everything is vague. Students are always confused.
1.0 : Hilarious means this class is a joke. Doesn't know web design, yet is teaching a web design class. Is not in touch with current web trends. Has you learn from Code Academy and Google. Horrible teacher. Doesn't care that the students learn. Weak design skills. If you are not a self-learner, you will not do well in the class. But you have to take it.
1.0 : Does not know how to code. Very poor teaching methods. Avoid at all costs.
1.0 : Very tough on projects. Does not show you the how to create online websites. just show you how to copy and paste. I would not recommend you to take it with this instructor. AT ALL!!!!
1.5 : guy can't teach
1.0 : Cannot Teach. Very hard to understand the points he tries to make. Feels as though he doesn't know the material he teaches.
1.5 : Disorganized, but willing to admit and fix his mistakes (sometimes). Instructions are unclear most of the time. If you don't ask questions, you won't get anything done. The key is asking him to clarify and elaborate on everything he assigns. This shouldn't need to happen, but he's a new teacher who just needs to get his feet under him.
3.0 : To put it out there, I finished with a "B" in the class. I failed horribly on the first exam (got a D). As long as you take good notes of everything he says, attend every lecture, and study his study guides all week, you're good. Don't be intimidated! His final paper assignment is actually quite easy, and holds a lot of weight to the final grade!
3.0 : You really have to pay attention in this class. If you have questions on the lectures, then he will be more than happy to help. His tests are difficult, but a good note-taker will be able to pass them easily. Don't take this class unless you're truly interested in Political Science.
1.0 : Dr. Evans by far is the worst professor I've had in the poli sci department.  Avoid taking him for 140 if possible. Articles are ridiculously long and he expects you to know it for the next lecture. Tests are stupid long with 60 terms and 12 essays to study. He only picks 15 terms and 4 essays. YEAH, NO.
1.0 : Dr. Evans is certainly not a professor you would enjoy taking. You have to memorize 80 terms and 16 essay questions for 3 tests that you have to take. He only chooses 10 terms and 4 essay questions to choose from for each test. Avoid if possible but if he's the only one that teaches 140, well then good luck you will need it.
2.0 : Hardest grade I've ever worked for. Assigns 4 articles per week, all of which are on the study guide. Lecture are dry; hard to take notes. You will fail if you do not attend. Study guide is 70-90 terms with an essay for each article. Will only pick 8 terms and 2 articles for exam. Readings are interesting, but class is not worth it just for that.
2.0 : Evens' lectures are long and boring. He is monotonous and will not encourage class participation. You will end up trying to read his horrible handwriting on the wall. He is a very smart professor, he just isn't cut out for teaching. For readings you will receive on average 80 pages a week. Tests include 20 memorized terms and 4 2pg essays.
5.0 : She is one of the best professors I have taken at FS; she  is funny, strict, and kind. She  wants her students to succeed; however, as a student you have to put some effort into the class (don't go in expecting an easy A).  I  learned a lot from going to class and reading the book. She is available when you need help,  just make an appointment.
1.0 : She is not clear at all in what she wants. All her homework is graded in how she likes your response. You have to write in a way she likes or you fail. Thier was an argument with the whole class against her and teacher even yelled at students and it escalated further outside of class with some students. A nice lady just a horrible teacher. Goodluck
1.0 : Needs perfect paper in order to pass. I went into this class underestimating the reviews. Nice teacher and into her field. As a teacher, extremely tough and i can not emphasize enough to not take her.
1.5 : LaRosa is one of those teachers who is so set in her ways, that even the slightest deviation from her writing style is met with a harsh grade.  Additionally, she is very unorganized, both in lectures and her expectations of students.  I would advise against taking her unless you absolutely have to.
1.0 : If taking BA105W with this witch, you will not pass easily. Seemingly sweet, she is unforgiving on homework. Of 30 people who signed up this past semester, maybe 3-5 people passed... Probably less...  Literally, any other teacher for this course, whatsoever, is a better choice. Unfortunately, I'm not exaggerating.
1.0 : Dont take this class is the only advice needed here
1.0 : I wouldn't recommend taking BA 105W with this particular professor. She isn't the best when it comes to knowing how to write memos or any type of business letters, because she does mark students down harshly for spelling mistakes, grammar, and punctuation. She isn't good at teaching material either, and not really organized with lectures.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HER PLEASE I was  stressed in her class!!!!! she never answered my questions. She is not clear, very disorganized. I had to drop her class because she is that bad Honestly she should STOP! teaching. If you wan to Pass please dont take care.
1.0 : Ok, Patricia La Rosa is in fact a professor that is really into her job. But she is really into it that she forgets about her students. She demands perfectly writing (NO MISTAKES ALLOWED, IF YOU MAKE A ONE SIMPLE MISTAKE YOUR PAPER GETS AN AUTOMATIC B). She tries to be as much clear as possible that she confuses students.  I DO NOT RECOMMEND HER!!
1.0 : I do not recommend this class,especially if you are looking to graduate for seniors. She goes off topic of what you're supposed to learn and does not use the textbook. Don't bother trying to ask for help, she will not help with assignments or allow you to ask other students for help. She teaches what she wants to teach and its just confusing.
1.0 : Horrible professor. Didn't learn one thing from her because she was confused herself and would often times get assignment due dates wrong or wouldn't tell us about them. I had to teach myself everything so it's basically like you don't have a teacher.
1.5 : Ms Chen tends to practically yell or roll her eyes at you whenever you asked for help. A lot of people did bad in the course simply because they were too scared to ask for help. Her lectures are dull.  And you can hardly understand anything that comes out of her mouth. But if you read the book you will do well in the class. Also, 3 absences a fail
1.5 : Worst professor ever! She confuses herself in her lectures at times, and you can rarely make up what she's trying to say. 3 absences equals an automatic fail in the class!! run for the hills!
1.0 : You wont be able to pass her class unless you take a lot of tutoring and read the book. She gives four quizzes  and they are each worth 60 points each.
4.5 : Mrs. Chen is one of the best Chem 1A Lab instructors at Fresno State! She is incredibly helpful, and genuinely wants everyone in the lab to do well. If you put in the time and effort to learn, she is there to help you. I would very strongly recommend her!
2.5 : Having Ms. Chen as a professor was hard because she has a strong accent, she was hard to understand, and would sometimes confuse herself but she is very helpful if you ask for it. She would put up equations and examples on the board for us to use and was it was useful (If you know what you're doing of course).
1.5 : Is not clear for online courses,  work load in this class is similar to a 12 unit schedule.  Every week is 20 slides or more with 100 questions that need to be answered for attendance.  It is worth 10pts each week,  but is so much work that 10pts should just be for attendance or trying at all.  Would not wish my greatest enemy this teacher.
1.0 : Worst professor I've ever had! His grading is ridiculous.  He is arrogant, unwilling to accept when he is wrong.  Gives daily quizzes with unclear wording. 6 exams. He assigned 2 last minute essays (3 weeks before finals), not to mention he never returned our first essay and will only return upon request.  I can go on and on. Don't take his class!
3.0 : Pros: Instead of essays we do questions from the book, not that much HW, she has a passion for history Cons: Be prepared for long lectures, it's easy to get distracted by your phone, she grades tough
1.0 : Don't take her class .
1.0 : Extremely unorganized. Very unclear on assignments. I wouldn't wish this professor on my worst enemy. Seriously, I do not understand how he is a professor. Even if you desperately need a SOC class for GE don't take him.
1.0 : Professor Kubal is by far the worst professor I've ever had. He is so unorganized and his lectures are all over the place. Also, he takes a very long time to grade anything, and he is very unclear in some of his instructions. If you can avoid this professor at all costs, I wish I would've.
1.0 : I do not recommend this professor. His communication skills are awful. Instructions are forever changing as well as confusing. He teaches nothing. You'll learn nothing. This class was a constant circle of disorganization, chaos, and frustration. Save yourself some sanity. Trust me.
1.0 : Did I learn anything? Not a chance. I was confused the whole time, and no one else knew what was going on either. His instructions are always confusing.  The class wasn't extremely  hard. We just had to writer weekly papers due every Sunday. And had online tests. It seemed more like analyzing statistics and interviewing people.
2.5 : He's ok but unorganized, confusing and grades late and gives late feedback on weekly journals. I would say its kinda an easy class in a way. Only three tests whole semester.
1.0 : He'll make you do unusual work like making random phone calls to strangers using his own run-down website, makes you transcribe your interview calls for points, gives you 2-3 pages of incoherent instructions to do his papers, and expect his students to teach half of his class as 'participation'. I urge everyone not to take his class. He's horrible.
2.0 : He doesn't take attendance, but participation activities are due at the end of class. So if your absent, you miss those points. Read the book or else you will not pass the tests. Horrible when he reviews a chapter, you can't even take notes because he goes off topic often. Voice interviews were required, about 10... He grades the summaries HARD
3.0 : Kubal is passionate about what he teaches but the atmosphere of his class is like pulling teeth in order for anyone to engage in anything he is talking about. Participation matters HEAVILY! The one thing to look out for is his research project each step has different due dates so you wont feel so overwhelmed with doing it all at once. good luck!
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS. He is extremely confusing, rambles on about things that do not pertain to what we are learning at all. Out of the 1.5 hr long class maybe 20 min will actually be about the class. He grades extremely hard. His voice makes you want to sleep.
2.0 : Class is interesting but the lectures are confusing. Rereading the chapters from the textbook is recommended. He assigns weekly papers which have to be perfect or else you get a 0. Quizzes are tricky because there's two good answers, but you have to choose the best to get the point. Overall, the class is okay.
1.0 : Probably the worst human I've encountered. Gives us packets that are bigger than my tumor QQ seig heil
1.0 : He's absolutely terrible. This is only my 4th time going to his class and I want to drop. I've never had a professor be so rude to the point where it makes me cry. He doesn't explain experiments and he's only in the classroom 20% of the time when you're doing a lab. Don't take his class. EVER.
1.0 : First of all he is RUDE! Always giving some type of attitude. He doesn't explain much  about the experiments and all he tells you is to read the instructions from the lab book. Seriously the only reason i kept going to the lab was just because i think he is hot. lol Mean and rude but hot.
1.0 : Okay, so basically take Waterston for chem lab and you'll regret the rest of the semester. The guy has no idea what's going on. Also he'll mark a whole question wrong if you don't repeat the whole question stem. He doesn't check your answers. Doesn't prepare you for the quizzes. Basically the worst guy ever. Btw, I'm in honors college.
1.0 : This guy is not helpful. He grades on a ridiculous scale and if you mess up one thing it's all wrong. Don't take this class. Don't take it with him. Horrible teacher.
1.0 : Meet Tues&amp; Thursday! He was the worst professor in my life! He grades hard, his instructions on the paper are unclear and nothing seems to satisfy him ! The quizzes he gives are just difficult, and his tests are worst! Do not take his class. Would not take him again , whoever passed his class sure was lucky !
3.5 : He was a tough professor, his powerpoints had all the information, I literally took very good notes and it was at my pace to pause and continue with the note taking. They were a big help during the class discussions. He does not go much in depth in class it is more like an overview of what the powerpoint.
2.5 : You don't the book in his class as long as you  have access to computer because all of his notes are on blackboard. You need to do an essay and a presentation but the test are multiple choice
1.0 : Instructor often zones out in the middle of talking.  Takes attendance.  Exams are ridiculously difficult and test students ability to perfectly recall irrelevant details ('how many icons are in the x menu') rather than the ability to use the software.  Doesn't clearly express what you will be graded on.  Avoid this class at all costs.
1.0 : I took this class not checking rate my professor before. BIG mistake. He asks for way too much and grades super harsh for it only being a General Ed class. Haven't recieved my grade yet but it isn't looking too good. He's not clear, expects you to be a genius, and clearly doesn't care if you pass. DO NOT take him
2.0 : On the paper, he was grade student to hard plus the thing is that what kind of grade rank, did he used. Everything such a little point. For that essay, the over all is 15 point but no one even get more the 8.
1.0 : Very difficult and hard to understand. Not super friendly and very strict. For the essay, it is out of 15 and no one gets more than an 8. Going into the final, majority of the class had a low D or a F. Would NOT recommend. Barely got a C.
2.5 : I have a MWF schedule, the class only met every Monday. He has weekly lectures which vary from 1 to 2 hours. Weekly quizzes 10 questions (difficult). His grading scale is very difficult. Hard time understanding his lectures and instructions. Takes attendance every week.  His test are pretty hard to do even when doing the 50 question study guide.
1.0 : Worst Professor Ever! Do not take this course. He is horrible lets just say that
1.0 : By far the worst proffessor I have ever had. This class will hurt your GPA if you manage to pass.
1.0 : This proffessor does not give A's. He does not give B's. You can get a C if you put in a lot of study time, but most likely you will fail with the rest of your class. Do NOT take this course.
2.0 : This class meets once a week, the rest is online lectures. The class consisted of 3 tests, 2 map quizzes, 1 paper &amp; 1 group project. The professor does give chances for extra credit, which was definitely helpful. He grades weird, always using decimal points. The paper was pretty difficult. Try to avoid taking this class with this professor!
2.0 : This professor grades very weird. There is 3 tests, 2 map quizzes, 1 group project and 1 paper. The paper is really hard. You will need to study really hard and pay attention to lectures in order to pass any of the tests. If you want an A do not take this class. Try to avoid taking this class with this professor if possible.
1.0 : I'm in the Tues/Thurs class and we only meet on Tuesdays. The lectures are all online and are about 2 hours every week. 10 question map quiz is every week and extremely difficult. Tough paper, and he only gives 7-10 out of 15 points. He clearly states that on the syllabus. Really tough course.
1.5 : This is a difficult class no matter who your professor is, but this professor made it so much worse. She was intimidating and unapproachable. She is also a punctuation and grammar nazi. If it wasn't for the TA's I don't know that anyone would or could have passed this class. Don't take this class even if you are desperate.
1.0 : She's very rude. She made a few students cry. I wouldn't take her !! The only reason why I passed is because of the TA's and lab. She talks to us like we have a PhD. She doesn't explain anything. Her lectures are pointless, you won't learn a thing. Just show up for points. She a horrible professor overall.
1.0 : All I can say is simply avoid taking this class with her, No help at all :(
1.0 : Attendance is a must. You will fail if you don't show up to class everyday. Her lectures are extremely long and boring. Tests are hard. She expects a lot out of your paper that is due at the end of the semester. If you can make sure you avoid taking her!!! This class is already hard enough; she makes it even tougher.
3.0 : Psych 144 is a very difficult class. Patty is a very dry teacher. Lectures are very long in the beginning. Your lab instructor can really make or break your grade. Keep up with all the work assigned in lab and turn everything in on time. She gives study guides but they are not super detailed and tests are still very difficult.
1.0 : Avoid taking her!
4.0 : Patty is a very good professor. Her class is not easy because she makes you work for your grade. Attendance is mandatory and so is studying. Good professor just challenging.
1.0 : She's a horrible choice. she makes her exams confusing on purpose and then when she reviews them in class she takes pleasure in people being uncomfortable. Very unapproachable and expects you to just know the material from her lectures, which are long, boring, pointless and torture to sit through. the study guides are just a list of the PPT titles.
1.0 : So glad she isn't teaching at Fresno State anymore! Didn't learn in her class. Very dull and monotone. Makes TAs grade everything and then she grades totally different. I'm surprised I passed.
2.5 : I dreaded going to this class even though it was only once a week. He was basically showing us how to use powerpoint, movie maker, excel. He would talk to us like we've never handled computers. He would explain things but wouldn't project it on the board so half of the time we were lost. Kind of a waste of my time, super easy.
2.0 : I'm not gonna lie Dr.P is a very nice guy but didn't enjoy his class at all! I dreaded going to his class. As he began trying to explain to us how to do the projects, everyone in class would be confused. He wasn't clear about what he was talking about, until someone asked him to clarify. 2 major projects, and online articles. confusing class
3.0 : This class is an easy A. The only thing i didn't like was that it was very confusing. He's not very clear on what it is he wants for the assignments. Everyone in class was confused. The due dates are not clear either. You have to keep on asking. If you know how to work with a macbook you should be fine.
1.0 : This class was not hard, but time consuming &amp; he himself makes it difficult to get work done. This semester he missed 5weeks of lecture which made it hard to get work done. This class is so confusing, he also adds to the confusion. He says one thing &amp; next week he says another thing. Pointless class, waist of time, I dreaded coming every Monday.
1.0 : This class with professor P is a waste of time! Avoid taking any courses with Placenti. He is extremely disorganized, misses class periodically for non academic reasons, and confuses us with his written directions and his verbal directions. Coming to class is a must. He changes the dates of major assignments on a weekly basis. DON'T TAKE WITH HIM!!
1.0 : Super Confusing instructor!
2.0 : This class was a disaster. The assignments were relatively easy but the instructions were so lengthy and confusing. This class could be easy but there are so many assignments, and they often overlapped. Mr. Placenti is not helpful, he gets agitated when many people ask questions. Take this class from anyone else if you can!!!
2.5 : I am confused most of the time and she's unclear about assignments. She assigns homework the day before class. A lot of reading and class discussion. Most of the time she can't figure out how to turn on the class projector.
1.5 : This teacher is very strict with grades. "If I tell you what to do then you won't do it" is her excuse when students ask how to get a perfect score. She expects you to have the HW assignment done the next day. Who assigns homework midday the day before class and wants it complete the next day? You'll need a laptop/tablet for the class. Disorganized
1.5 : I've had worse professors before and omg, 185he is terrible! He takes forever to reply back to emails and he is so unclear in his assignments. He is a lazy professor and has everything pre-made for him already. I personally think he's just there for the paycheck. Not even motivational or inspirational at teaching/lecturing. I would NOT take him!
1.5 : He has a laid back personality however his tests are confusing and difficult to understand. Professor Story even gets himself confused. He doesn't really guide his class. His lectures are boring. He doesn't implement creative material into his lessons.
2.0 : Unorganized, and very boring lecture.
2.0 : All I have to say is he is the WORST professor I have ever had. I've had worst professors before but at least they tried to help you pass the course and give you chances. This guy is a complete joke to the Marketing department.
2.0 : Professor Story is a good lecturer. He always tries to get the class involved in the lecture and start a conversation about the topics at hand. However, your grade in this class relies on how well you do on the exams. There is no study guide provided and multiple essay questions on each exam. Would not recommend if you are not good at exams.
1.5 : She's not clear about the information she's teaching. She even admits that she doesn't understand it. Says bluntly that we will never use the information she is attempting to teach. Changes due dates around quite often.
2.0 : He tends to mumble so if you are sitting in the back, don't expect to hear him well. Take really good notes on lecture and reading because his tests are all written essay and ID questions. This class took up a lot of time and caused a lot of stress. He wasn't clear about tests and only started to give guidance at the end of the semester.
4.0 : Dr. Guzman was really not that bad of a professor. You do have to take good notes in class, follow up with the reading, and attend class. If he sees a progress in your grades, he'll be generous when grading the final paper and final exam. An advice for this class is to talk to him whenever something is unclear.
2.0 : Prof. Guzman is tough. He doesn't provide PowerPoints, lectures are verbal and you have to take good notes. Reading is required. His grade is based on a midterm, a final and one paper. Tests consist of large essays and key term definitions. Paper is more of a creative writing opportunity. However, it IS possible to get a good grade. Have to work.
2.0 : 1. talks way too fast during lecture and won't go back 2. does not put powerpoints up on blackboard 3. does not give study guides 4. talks about his hometown way too much 5. almost every class he has some sort of sign in or class work to see if you showed up, so if you miss more than 2 classes that's going to affect your grade
1.0 : This is the hardest class I have ever taken. He talks fast &amp; mumbles. He will not repeat himself or answer questions directly. He started off using powerpoint (but would not post them on BB) Now he does not use power points at all and it is all text book reading &amp; him talking in class. Tests are all written out not multiple choice, no study guide.
1.0 : Worst teacher I have ever had.
1.0 : He is really rude. Personally, I come to class and read, and I still have trouble in class. He makes me feel dumb, and professors are not suppose to make you feel that way.
1.0 : He is rude, you can barely hear him, and he acts like he wants his students to fail. He should not even be a teacher.
3.0 : He is a decent professor. His class is based heavily on tests! Really, the only way to do well is to go to class and take GOOD notes &amp; study. There's a midterm, a paper, and a final. The tests are IDs and an essay question. Midterm was to write a historical fiction based on what we were learning in class (Migration to CA). Not a bad teacher. So so.
1.0 : Worst professor I've had at Fresno State. He makes you feel dumb for asking a question, which no professor should ever do. I felt that he didn't care if his students passed or failed. He only has 4 things he grades: Midterm, Paper, Final, and Participation, so you can not afford to miss class. If you can take with another professor DO IT.
1.0 : When I first took the class it said Regional and Local history. I thought it would be about the history of the Central Valley, I was completely wrong. The only thing we learned was a dance move called popping that took place in Fresno. He completely destroyed the idea of this class. He is completely rude and thinks highly of himself. Do not take.
2.0 : Dr Sias had just came from teaching on the east coast when I had taken her Fall 2016. She made us bring our books even though there wasn't homework assigned in them. She made us do a last minute presentation on the most vague topic which had to be 7 minutes long. She fails you if you have 3 absences and she crunched in a last minute 12 page paper
1.0 : Do not take her if you do not already understand the key concepts, will not explain in a way that you can understand.  Youtube was a better source of knowledge then her lectures had to drop the class in the end.
1.0 : She gives so much homework including even more homework on mywritinglab. Never reminds students of what's due and when you ask her she tells you to read the syllabus. A student asked her how to post onto the website and she told them to google it. Very boring teacher and she deduct's points if you can't meet with her. Feels like a 8 unit course.
1.0 : She is very rude so I would not recommend taking her class. It is not hard but she's not nice or fun to be around. She can make you feel dumb by asking her questions and answering the questions she asks. If you ask her literally any question she will tell you to refer to the syllabus.
3.0 : Her class isn't hard, just lots of work but that is expected in a 4 unit class. Honestly, if you follow the syllabus then it's really nothing you can not handle.  There is about 650 points in the class, so you have a high opportunity to pass the class. The only thing I did not like is that she makes you turn in multiple drafts of your reseach brief
1.0 : this class isn't hard in a sense , the work is doable but she sucks . She makes things soo hard to understand  Ask her a question and she will make you feel dumb , tells you to look at syllabus She is very boring and rude Thought the class would be interesting but I've been stressed the whole semester worried about deadlines and dealing with her
1.0 : Her lectures are very boring and bland. She does not help you, she gives you a lot of feed back on your papers. When you ask her a questions, she does not answer she just tells you "its on your syllabus". You have to constantly be looking what is due because if you miss something she makes you feel dumb reminding you again it was on your syllabus.
4.0 : Show up to class, do the work and you will be fine. She can be kinda boring but overall, shes pretty knowledgeable.
4.0 : I had a family emergency towards the end of the semester and she let me make up work. As long as you communicate with her she will work with you. She is pretty accessible. Not too hard to pass. Can be boring at times and she is pretty good with helpful feedback.
1.0 : Horrible teacher! Lectures are very monotone and dry. Doesn't seem to care for the class. Also, very hard headed and isn't willing to work with students about problems about the class (Ex: MyWritingLab) Her response is," this is a 4 unit class deal with it."  Would not recommend this professor.
1.0 : Very unclear with the syllabus in terms of deadlines and what she expects with the assignments. Doesn't seem to care when students ask questions and constantly tells them to "refer to the syllabus", which is confusing enough to read. The course itself has potential to be very interesting, just not with this professor.
4.0 : Honestly, this was the most difficult class that I have ever taken in my career as an undergraduate. With that being said, this class really did prepare me for the rest of my upper division courses in the long run. Another plus side to taking this course is that once it is completed, no other class seems too difficult in comparison. Seriously.
1.0 : She can be very monotone so lectures are long and dry so she tried to make them interesting. There are a lot of assignments, and things can get confusing. Almost 100 mini assignments on My Writing Lab for the first 5 weeks. Always told students to refer back to syllabus, hardly answered any questions.
1.0 : Look, this class shouldn't be this difficult. She constantly said go look at the syllabus which she changed twice during the semester. The reflection precis papers we have to do were about as easy to find as an albino in a snowstorm. But in all seriousness, her lectures are terrible and shes straight up rude some days. DONT TAKE THIS CLASS.
3.0 : His teaching style can be fairly hard to understand but his grading is fair and he's open to answer any questions. On quizzes and tests, he will give partial credit for the right thought process/attempts. Homework is harder than the problems given on quizzes and exams. SHOW UP TO CLASS TO UNDERSTAND THE MATERIAL.
5.0 : Dr Kajetanowicz is the best professor i have had at Fresno State so far. His lectures were amazing and kept you interested, and he was always willing to help before and after class. This class is extremely diffcult, but he makes it passable. His tests are pretty hard, but focus more on understanding then doing extremely hard problems.
1.0 : I want to teach middle school and high school math. W/ that said I love math. He is by far the WORST math teacher I've ever had, I dropped the class. He's very unclear, and makes alot of mistakes and laughs them off. I was struggling so I went to his office hrs, he told me he posted extra worksheets on blackboard to check those out.
1.0 : He makes you teach your self.  The only reason to be in class is to turn in homework and take the quizzes/tests.  His accent and use of broken English makes it difficult to understand. If you ask him a question about the homework he runs around your question and tries to bring focus back to whatever problem is on the board.
1.0 : Math is not a easy subject &amp; having a teacher not being able to teach correctly makes it more difficult. Pretty much read your math book and assigns quite the homework which you are pretty clueless about. His thick accent also doesn't help. Majority of the students are on their phones because he has no connection with us &amp; it helps us to stay awake
1.0 : This professor is extremely tough, he expects his students to already know the lesson when he is barely teaching it. When he gives lecture he goes through one problem and leaves the class more confused. He also assigns a lot of homework and only chooses to correct 2 out of 30 problems and gives 10 points as max credit I find his grading very unfair
1.0 : He assigns a lot of homework and only chooses to correct like 1 problem out of the whole thing and if you miss that one problem you get 5/10 pts. on the homework. I find his grading very unfair. He makes you teach your self basically. He says to read the math book, but I don't find the book helpful whatsoever. Take with someone else if you can!!!!!
1.0 : If math is not a strong subject for you, you might want to try to take it with someone else, of course good luck because he's teaching the majority of the classes for math 100. He grades homework very unfairly and grades tests equally tough. He makes you teach yourself, and says to read the book which is equally unhelpful.
1.0 : Worst class I've had. Grading on homework is ridiculous. The way it's weighted doesn't do much unless you're supper good on tests. It 20% hw, 20% quiz, 60% exams. You get two midterms, for what reason who know and a final. Avoid if possible.
1.0 : I had a 79.6 in his class and he still gave me a C which I would not be mad at if I actually learned in his class but I did not. He is very confusing and if you ask a question most of the time he just confuses you even further. Makes mistakes thenwhen he grades he ask what is this? Well its the mistake you made in class and thats what I remebered.
1.0 : Horrible professor
2.0 : This class is ridiculous. lectures are so boring, there wasn't anything i liked about them. Multiple choice tests are pulled straight from book. essay questions have little to no relevance to book or lecture, she maybe mentions the concept for one minute of lecture and expects you to elaborate. helpful with article reviews but I wouldn't take again
2.0 : She seemed unorganized, didn't give good feedback, and most people ditched class at least once a month. I know, I was there everyday!!!
1.0 : I absolutely HATED this class. Worst class I've ever taken. Prof Pao was super hard to understand and didn't really do review. Class was based on four tests. Didn't tell you what to read in the book to help with the tests
3.0 : He's pretty boring, but his tests are easy. You just got to put in some work to study. There's two group presentations and you have to write a Food Safety Plan. Final is cumulative. You won't be tested on the activity portion until the final. Overall, easy but boring most of the time.
1.0 : Expect not to sleep much. This instructor gives unreasonable amounts of homework and little time to get it done. Worst experience ever!
1.0 : Terrible teacher.  Avoid at all costs
3.0 : Super easy class. Just show up, go to tutoring, and you should get a good grade.
4.0 : Professor Scritchfield is great! she is a new professor and at times may show but she is truly passionate and has tons of potential. there are 2 exams, online quizzes, and big writing assignment (the usual). she is not huge on attendance but its worth showing up. I would definitely recommend her to anyone looking to take on a fun class
1.0 : She is a new professor so maybe that's why her lectures are ridiculous. She's extremely knowledgeable on her subject so she expects her students to understand everything as well as she does. She goes through the lecture slides soooo fast and goes on and on so fast that there is no chance you will get notes down. Try to avoid.
4.0 : Scritchfield was very responsive to student questions, input, and discussion. She didn't overload us on homework either. She did seem disorganized at times. Overall, I was able to get a good grade by putting in a reasonable amount of effort. A great professor if you need to take Anthro.
1.0 : Nothing is ever specified in this class. Almost every person in this class was lost. She is hard to access outside of class. She reads directly from a power point and a textbook but she doesn't assign you reading from a textbook, instead she gives you a bunch of useless articles to read and answer journal questions from. Avoid at all costs.
1.0 : She didn't assign a textbook because she claimed the curriculum was bad. Instead she gave articles, some nonacademic (huffington post). She is not available by office hours, only by appointment. She is also inconsiderate, claimed that she wouldn't set up a class study disc. board because it was "too much work" so my class doesn't know what to study
1.0 : Do not recommend. Avoid her at all costs. She sits there and reads from the slides without adding anything at all to what she is saying. If you have a question, you're better off Googling it yourself since she wont know either. The study guide and tests are completely different. Easily the lowest grade I have ever received in my life, no contest
1.0 : Save yourself a huge headache and avoid this teacher... Awful lecturing if you ask her a question she tells you to look it up yourself has no answers for anyone. She is monotoned and lectures are boring.  You have 2 group presentations and she doesn't have an organized way to set them up.
3.0 : Although she is a new professor, she will work with you if you ask  for help. It is quit obvious she enjoys her studies and wants to share her knowledge of anthropology.
1.0 : Waited until the end of the semester to give her a review. Lectures were uploaded online-read verbatim in class. Quizzes on text were easy 2 group projects extra credit at the end of the semester. One huge research paper with no formal guidance and one bad instructor. Didn't learn a thing. Had I not taken Bio Anthro at city- F for sure.
1.0 : One of the worst teachers I've ever had. I got GREAT scores in all of the assignments AND quizzes but still ended up with a C! She grades alphabetically (my last name started with a "Y") so if your last name is closer to the end of the alphabet then expect to have nothing graded until the last day when grades are expected to be posted by teachers.
1.0 : This professor is rude and does not explain the material properly. God forbid you ask a question, all she will tell you is look at the syllabus. If you ask for clarification just google it. She does not know how to give multiple examples to help you better understand the material. Very unsettling since she is a rehab counselor  and plays favorites.
1.0 : Dr. Becton is very proud of her accomplishments and loves to tell you about them. She also plays favorites which is unacceptable, especially in a graduate program. Me and another student both asked her questions and she told me to look at the syllabus and answered the other student, even though my answer was not on the syllabus and hers was.  RUDE.
1.0 : Dr. Becton thinks very highly of herself, I wish I could say the same. She lectures straight out of the book and makes you feel stupid when you ask her for help unless you are one of her advises or part of RCSA, which she is in charge of. I really thought people that counsel for a living and enjoy teaching would be more understanding and helpful.
1.0 : For an introduction rehabilitation course, this was challenging. She was always so vague with instructions, and wasn't helpful at all. When you ask for help she just tells you to refer to the syllabus or any handouts given.
3.0 : I took the class in Fall 2016 and it was for international students. You have to write 3 important essays throughout the semester and a couple reviews/summaries. Sometimes, you have to read for homework, but it's not a lot. I don't consider her a bad professor. If anything, I'd like her to be a little more demanding so that students learn more.
3.0 : You definitely need to be present at each class in order to pass. Although she is a nice professor and will is willing to help when you don't understand something it is a harder class to follow. You also need to be prepared to wait for your grades.
2.0 : Hello everyone, this class, especially with miss Evans needs to pay attention to. Her class is very hard, but hey, we come to the university to learn - not to mess around. She's a Tough grader, focuses on little details on assignment. So watch out. She has a very unlikeable personality and atmosphere to her. I really respect her as an educator.
1.0 : I had Kelsey Evans in first year for ENG10, the content is boring, the midterm and final paper was unfair. However, her assignments focus mainly on formatting rather than content. As a lecturer she is rude, she needs to have better choice of words to use - e.g. one time she said ( who stole my pencil) she could have said ( who took...).
2.0 : He says a lot of nothing, a lot of the time I left class more confused than when I walked in. He is incredibly specific on everything you do, he has a few hour of support videos that still sometimes don't make sense. He assigned a one-page, single-spaced paper and an observation reflection every week. If he's in a bad mood, you'll know it.
1.0 : He literally makes you feel like a child, and he is very rude. He also has mandatory one-on-one meetings that are supposed to be 10-15 mins long, but turn into a half hour of him making you feel inferior, and reprimanding you for not "knowing enough". He gives a lot of homework, and he demands an explanation (doc note) if why you missed class.
2.0 : This class was way harder than needed to be. Not only does it require 45 hours of volunteering at a school, this professor gives two assignments based off of your observation weekly, and then on top of that there is lots of reading followed by in depth quizzes, and other projects to work on.
2.0 : This class was a nightmare and I left each week feeling as if I had been yelled at rather than taught. The assignments are ridiculous and not outlined properly and he expects everyone to already know what they are there to learn. Also office hours are a joke because he'll take your honest questions and rant about it in the next class. Never again.
1.0 : This teacher will never give you a simple "yes" or "no" answer. He will always find some way to make you feel stupid for asking questions. De Walt prides himself on being a great teacher, but my whole class hated him and was left confused after ever class meeting. He does not explain his assignments. TAKE ANYONE ELSE!!
1.0 : I get it. It's college. You attend class and do the work, but this class is a joke with him. You will not come out educated. Will treat you like children. If you are lost and confused,asking him for any help will result in you being asked questions and literally yelled at. Save your time, money, and frustration. AVOID so he has to leave the school.
1.0 : One of the hardest classes I've ever taken! Tons of work assigned every week, office hours are mandatory to attend, huge projects, plus 45 observation hours. He does not explain himself clear, you are on your own. He yells at you and makes you feel dumb.  His teaching style is so different he runs it HIS WAY. AVOID HIM!
1.0 : He only taught one thing the whole semester, how to write a basic learning objective. 3 pop up quizzes. Rude when you ask a question. He's very strict with how he wants things done, this is the type of teacher that if you forget to include the cover page on your essay he wont even look at it and give you a 0. I do not recommend taking him ever.
1.0 : As in an introductory course, this class could have been so much fun. On the contrary, De Walt is condescending, disrespectful, and on a major power trip. I went to class, did every assignment, earned an A in the course, but he still treated me like gum under his shoe. Not to mention, I didn't learn ANYTHING in this class.
1.0 : De Walt is one of the most inspiring professors on campus. If someone of his poor caliber can receive a doctorate, we can too. It just goes to show that there is a market for poor quality professionals so major in philosophy. Long story short, avoid his class and save your money. Make sure that he has no students to teach so he has to get let go.
1.0 : I understand the poor score on here because even if you spend 45 hours observing and complete all of his assignments, you'll end up with a D because he won't accept an assignment if something as simple as a comma is missing. The guy is a joke as well as his certificates. Take if you want to waste your time, get yelled at, and get looked down upon.
1.0 : By far the worst Professor at Fresno State. He is extremely picky and if you do not do as he ask for, you will fail the class. He is not very organized and his lectures were all over the place. I would avoid taking the class because you will have far more work than the other classes. He is also not easy to talk to!
1.0 : Worst teacher I have ever taken. Rude, condescending, and someone I would never recommend to anyone. The only reason you take his class, is because you absolutely need it. Needed the class for my degree; I had to take it with him and it was the worst class I ever had. Marks you down for any reason and disrespectful to students. Don't take the class
2.0 : I'm in a cohort, so I was placed in De Walt's class. Lectures are all over the place, he has no plan for the class. Get ready to make a 10 page lesson plan. Yeah, 10 pages with NO instruction or rubric. Good luck fending for yourself and hopefully you pass.
1.0 : She is nice but doesn't know how to explain a simple lab. We basically need to teach ourselves. Loads of homework every week. 2 lab reports. Everything could be perfectly written but if you forget one thing she'll fail you with no remorse. Try asking her questions and she won't answer. Don't take her!
1.0 : I would avise you to avoid her at all costs. She tends to make things much harder than they actually are and doesn't answer your questions. She also gives misinformation and is very unprepared when she starts the labs. She grades unfairly; she might give you points for something she gave another student points for. Her attitude is not the best.
2.0 : Run! Doesn't grade fairly. She might give points to one person but not other. Inconsistent. Super nice individually but as a  TA you don't want her. Many failed the class and no one got an A. Maybe normalization will help. Don't know about that yet though.
2.0 : good professor, very clear and helpful and tought us a lot.
2.0 : there were only 3 test and one 12 page paper,  the tests were 50 with only 1 hour to complete
2.0 : You have to read a chapter every time you meet because you will be quizzed. Use her study guides to help you study. Make a study group with classmates! There are 3 essay questions that are 18 points out of 100 for the test. She gives you the essay questions if youre paying attention during lecture. Just be prepared to read 30 pages every other day.
2.0 : Basically ready 30+ pages every other day, quizzed every class time and exam almost every other week. She wants you to do the work and if you don't understand the material you're left behind because she goes and goes and doesn't explain in good detail. Very tough and would not recommend. Heavy load work, hard exams, and so much material in lil time
1.0 : Daming Zhang is the worst teacher I've ever had! The class he was teaching is called Quality Assurance. It is a very big field of study in the IT major and he has no experience in quality. Sucks because it takes time away from students who actually want to go into quality. He has the students teach ourselves. That's ridiculous!
2.0 : Grades are heavily weighed. Good luck on the tests. They do  not come from the book at all. Instead, the questions are from a paid "educational" website. Basically, you need to read the book and teach yourself everything. He's supposed to be in charge of the automotive option in the IT department. The funny thing is that he doesn't even own a car!!
1.0 : he's not a quality professor. I mean quality assurance is a big deal especially in the IT department. he doesn't do lectures instead, he makes the student do a presentations for him. no materials to study from and the test is so hard because he has data base somewhere. you'll get an A in the class but you wont get a single information.
2.0 : ok course at first, but later u get a gist of how she really is.  grades hard, even though its only a 1 unit course.  EXPENSIVE TEXTBOOK. cant sing? shes gives tips but when comes to grading shes strict and picky.  READ SYLABI
1.0 : Misleading. She APPEARS very charismatic and supportive during the clinical time however trying to get ahold of her outside the classroom is a joke. I noticed other students were having communication issues with her and she ended up just not replying back to them at all which led to further frustrations. Got an 89.7 &amp; didn't round up LOL.
1.0 : Do NOT take this class. Clarity is not in her vocabulary and although she has many years of experience in teaching, it doesn't show at all in how she deals with her classes. She makes you work really hard but doesn't grade fairly at all. She's throwing out points to her favorites, not the real workers then explains her reasoning in childish ways.
1.0 : One of the worst lecturers I've ever had. Didn't know much about sports. Class was pointless to go to but he takes role. Read the book and you should be able to pass the class. The final is optional, a couple of poorly explained group projects, a quiz once a week, and 3 tests. He grades pretty easy.
1.0 : Don't take his class! Unless you're already good at math and you learn easily. If that's not you, you'll find yourself struggling. He is willing to help during his office hours but isn't the most respectful person. I was unaware we couldn't use graphing calculators and he called me a cheater more times than I could count. This class is hard to pass
1.0 : Being in the grad program, this course is supposed to be IMPORTANT and we need to actually learn. She is not helpful. Horrible lectures. Has favorites in each class and its obvious. Must go to every class session or she will deduct 25 points per absent. She appears to be a nice lady, but looks can be deceiving. If possible avoid taking her.
1.0 : Worst professor Ive ever had. Will compare students personal papers and deduct how she pleases with no explanation. Hardly ever goes through lectures. Unapproachable inside and outside of class. Not at all willing to work with her students. Dont ask for explanations on assignments because she doesnt know what she wants, her syllabus sucks etc.
1.0 : She is a very nice lady, but that does not teach us. This course is supposed to be EXTREMELY IMPORTANT as it's a CORE course &amp; I learned NOTHING! Disappointing. Half way through the semester, literally lets you sit in class and do nothing. Unclear, unorganized, &amp; lazy. If you are here to learn, take another instructor. Horrible freestyle Lectures!
1.0 : BEWARE! I have never written a rating for a lecturer until now. This lecturer is the worst I have ever had. She is extremely inconsistent with posting assignments and the amount of time given to complete them. The work load is unrealistic! She gives so much busy work that takes long hours to complete. She is also a extremely harsh grader. AVOID!
