5.0 : Professor Swirk is one of the best Accounting professors Famu has. Take him not because of easiness but because he will be straight forward with you about anything and everything . Do all homework you get points. Exams are not difficult. just study. He explains everything in detail from top to bottom. he tells you what will be on exams. Take Him
5.0 : he makes a tough class seem not so hard.  Homework counts so do it!  tests are multiple choice but not easy.  you study you do well
5.0 : Wow!  I think I really LIKE Accounting!  He made me understand it for the first time, and he related things I learned in other classes to the stuff in his class.  He really cares if you get it, and if you don't he's willing to help.
5.0 : Best class for any one to take you learn so much from him. Best teacher at FAMU loved his class. TAKE HIM
3.0 : He is funny and gives advise about life. At first i thought he was a nutjob but after a while you understand what he is talking about and you can benefit. If you study your lecture notes and read the book you should pass the class.
1.5 : He was not helpful at all  He makes his own test and he's really confusing  when he's lecturing .  I wouldnt take him again , he base the class all on his opinions and mind set .  If you feel like you can understand his rambeling then take him if not do yourself a favor .  I have to admit he is funny though
4.5 : He is the best accounting teacher I had so far. I took him for both managerial and financial and I past both class with an A. Make sure you pay attention in class and collect the worksheets he does in class to look over before exams. Try not to miss more than two or three classes or you will be behind. He gives bonus points in class
5.0 : Such an easy class if you fail then you put absolutely no effort in. there is a lot of group projects and study for the test and take notes the review are not so helpful. if you do the work the test wont matter much you can still pass she tells you in the beginning what she expects and gives all the work so you can also work ahead.
3.5 : His accent can be very distracting. Test are no walk in the park but his grading system is what will save you even if you fail every test. All you need is 320 points at the end. There are only 6 test which basically means make at least a 54 on all and you have an A. However it only works that way if you have good attendance. (4 absences or less)
4.0 : He's great teacher! His tests be hard tho..:(
3.0 : He is a very cool teacher and very down to Earth. The only thing that I hated was that he teaches VERY fast and its hard to understand and take notes, but if you go to his office he will not mind helping you at all. I failed every single test but did all the extra credit opportunities and came to class every day and got a C
4.0 : Take Him he funny, easy, and explains everything to the tee. Get the book it helps and come to class everyday literally he remembers faces. and definitely attend his office hours
3.5 : This teacher is cool. He loves his wife to death &amp; you will hear about his sex life often. I didn't understand half of the things he said. Failed 3 tests and got a C and a D on the other ones. He drops the lowest test and gives extra credit. Somehow I ended up with a B but I wouldn't take him again.
3.5 : If you aren't good in Physical Science, this class will be a little tough. Visit his office hours, participate in class, and study. He'll work with you. Use the library's textbook. He gives extra credit opportunities.
4.0 : ROY TUCKER IS THE BEST SCIENCE TEACHER AT FAMU. I failed all of my tests, got a B on the last test and got a B in the class! If you show effort, he'll help you. Definitely attend his office hours!
4.5 : I love Mr Tucker! There are two options to receiving an A ,1st option: literally live in his office hours(that's what I did).he will tell you directly what you need to know for the tests and he'd never fail you. 2nd option:study really hard. His tests are no walk in the park no matter how easy he says his tests are.  Great man,I'd take him again!
5.0 : Dr. Tucker is a great professor at FAMU. His office is always open and he can help you with any question that you need. The class consisted of lab reports and online virtual labs. There was no final.
5.0 : Excellent professor. Hilarious and does give some extra credit here and there. He'll talk about things off topic sometimes but it's extremely funny. He gives plenty of opportunities to see him and talk to him. His office hours are very useful so use them. He cancels his Tuesday class for the entire semester so don't worry. Make sure you get a book
5.0 : Professor Tucker real cool. Hes funny and his lectures are something you dont want to miss. His tests are straight from the book, and homework is optional, but it would benefit you to do it. Hes got an accent but its understandable. Come to class cause attendance is part of your grade.
5.0 : He's a great professor. You can tell he truly cares about the success of his students in class
5.0 : He's a great professor.
5.0 : TAKE HIM! All you have to do is his homework and you will ace the test. I stopped going to class after the first test and got an A in the class. Easiest calculus 1 professor ever.
4.5 : We were only given 3 exams and then our final. His exams usually were worth more than 100 points, so it wasn't too difficult to earn an A. We did not need MyMathLab and he was one of those teachers who actually TAUGHT. Whenever we had a question about a problem, he allowed us to review it in class, and we received extra credit for voting
5.0 : Most easy class you will ever take (if you attend class)...your grade is based purely off participation and attendance...no homework..failed both test (like 40% failed) got an A.
4.0 : One little thing I hated about this class is the oral presentations you have to do by yourself. So if you are shy and don't like doing presentations, especially by yourself, then don't take this professor.
5.0 : I recommend taking Dr. Davis whenever you can. He is a very sweet and understanding man! If he likes you, you will receive an A. Just come to class and you will be fine.
4.5 : His class was really easy. Show up, participate, turn it your papers, and you'll pass. The book isn't really needed, barely used it. His quizzes are really easy, make sure you're on time for them.
4.5 : Best English Professor. Must Take him. He is very easy &amp; he has a great personality.
5.0 : Great Professor, coming from having a boring and weird English teacher the semester before I LOVED his class! Very entertaining, and you'll quickly learn he cares about his students. The work is very light weight, but you must do it in order to get the grade in his class. Attendance and showing up on time is MANDATORY! Light use of the book.
4.5 : CERON IS PRETTY COOL .  make sure you read sula . He dose give quizzes on assigned reading assignments and take attendance.  We only had 2 papers to write one on short stories and one on Sula.  Make sure you put your all in the papers you have to write. Overall he's pretty cool, no final so I'm happy .
2.0 : class easy however he is rude and arrogant he gets upset when the class don't answer the questions to the point he told the class to get out. He is big on attendance and being in class on time but yet he comes in late himself If you want an easy A take him but if you can't take criticism don't waste your time.
4.5 : He's a good prof who actually knows his stuff but hes totally obnoxious &amp; arrogant sometimes! Hes very blunt &amp; may hurt your feelings if you're sensitive like me. One time, he kicked me out of class for not having my homework -___-. Its english so you will be writing but hes not a rough grader. Overall, hes an easy A &amp; I learned something!
5.0 : He lets you know what he expects upfront, and is pretty blunt. Sula is the only book you really need. if you cant make it to class on time drop the class. he makes you a better student. if you try he will help you as much as he can but you have to work for your grade.
4.5 : great teacher. i would love taking him again. very easy course. you should hurry up and enroll before the seats are all taken!
3.5 : Professor Bryant is a great professor.  Be prepared to read Sula and write papers.  Participate and do your work you will receive a passing grade
5.0 : My personal favorite professor on campus. He will teach you a lot of things whether it be English related, or life lessons. Take Dr. Bryant!
5.0 : Professor Ford is AWESOMEEE!! He makes learning things that once seemed so complicated super easy. If you need extra help he's always available and he also gives retakes for certain tests. No textbook is needed. If you get the opportunity you should definitely take his class.
5.0 : Ford was the best teacher I had ever had at FAMU. I got 100's on every test he had and was exempt from the final. Super helpful. Super easy and he does become cute after being in his class all semester. Book or mathlab is NOT required. Pay attention in class and Just review his notes before the test. You can't find a better math professor!!!!
5.0 : HE IS ABSOLUTELY AWESOME!!!! he only wants the best for his students and does everything in his power to help students do well and succeed. I wish he taught all the math classes. Take him You will not regret it!
5.0 : He's a really good teacher. I suggest him to EVERYBODY, especially if you're struggling in math. He really helps you. His way of teaching is VERY VERY VERY understandable.
5.0 : Professor Ford, by far my favorite math professor. I failed the first exam but he worked with me and allowed me to retake it 100%! and he doubled the grade. So much extra credit, such a nice person easy to go to for concerns. I passed his class with a 99.9% Lol seriously!  He is extremely helpful wish he taught calculus. no book necessary.
4.0 : Professor Ford was probably one of the best instructors I've had at FAMU thus far. Very concise teaching. Teaches what will be tested. Easy A.
5.0 : An excellent professor with a brilliant mind.
5.0 : Overall my favorite teacher! Such a sweetheart. Has a total of 5 test and if you study you are more than likely to pass. Very funny but is always willing to help! I received an A as my final grade and barely showed up to class.
4.0 : In this course your only graded off of test grades. He offered a few extra credit here and there but that's not guaranteed. Beware this teacher has a slight case of dementia and he's unorganized. There were days he cancelled class and didn't even make a blackboard announcement. Also you won't know your grade until the last minute.
5.0 : I wish he  taught economics 1
5.0 : AMAZING teacher! First teacher I had in John Jay, he is just amazing. Tawfeeq will explain any question that you may have, he does not hesitate to answer a question.  He likes making up problems and use some problems from the textbook which is great. Tawfeeq will give you advice on anything and everything. Amazing teacher overall! Must take him!!
5.0 : Easy class just participate
5.0 : I always hope Proctor is teaching one of the political science classes I need to take for credit!
5.0 : He talks a lot about what's happening in the news. Come to class and get an A. One of my favorite professors!!!
5.0 : Bill Proctor is that MAN!!! his lectures are about current issues facing america and are always very interesting and dicussions are always heated in his class. you will enjoy it i promise you, and to make it better its an EASY A!!! people that do not like this class are the very few that dont understand life and are just being difficult. EASY A!!
5.0 : Prof. Richardson is hilarious and jerk at the same time. He makes the class interesting. You have to apply yourself, but it isn't a difficult class for you. I enjoyed myself in his class. I learned photoshop, indesign, and dreamweaver. Thinking about I want brush up the stuff he taught me. You'll enjoy the class.
3.0 : Hard to understand in all aspects because he has had a stroke so get ready to rely on you tube tutorials but he does give second chances.
5.0 : Love Loved Professor Richardson!! Funny and down to Earth but attendance is important or you will fall behind.
5.0 : Coach Bogan is very cool and a great professor. He knows his stuff and very funny at times the way he acts. Take his class and you wont regret it. Easy A especially when you love sports. Very easy and he cancel class a few times in the semester. Take him
4.0 : Dr. King-Pedroso is a great professor who honestly loves students and wants to see them do well. She is a tough grader but only because she wants to push her students to be the best at whatever they do. I can honestly say that I loved this lady and learned I lot from her. Be sure to show up for class on time and speak up and you are sure to do fine
3.0 : This class was definitely a eye opener, English is my favorite subject but she made it hard to like at times. Taking her course during the summer was not the best choice because she expects the same as if you had taken her during the fall/spring. It was way too much for just the summer, I struggled with the pop quizzes and the 8-10 page paper!
4.0 : The subject matter for this course is kinda boring but she's a great professor! if you enjoy English then take her! Make you work for your grade! Quizzes based on readings are not that bad as long as you read. her midterm and final are pretty tough though! but if she sees you trying (participation is part of your grade) she wont let you fail
5.0 : AMAZING!!! is all that needs to be said. Follow instructions and you will get an A simple. She really does care about her students.
2.5 : She gives a lot of homework. the book is mandatory and she doesn't really teach everything is straight out the book. pay attention or you will fail. there is one group assignment.
4.0 : I barley went to class, the test are easy if you do the study guide. Go to his office hours if you need help. His lectures are long and boring... that is why I barely went to class. Only 4 test.... do the online quiz!!!  Easy grade
4.5 : His lectures are long and he gets off topic but if you pay attention you will really learn and have a couple of laughs. He has online quizzes based on the book and the exams are in essay forms based on lecture notes so it's important to attend class. If you take good notes the essay writes itself. Write about key points and you will pass.
3.0 : boring !!  he will talk about sports for the first 30- 45 minutes. midterm and final 60-80 questions and a 6-8 page final. he writes notes on the white board but it will be really hard to read. his class was really boring  wish i could of took someone else more lively.  he doesn't care about attendance and dont buy the book you  wont use it. B
5.0 : This review is a few years late, but this professor was one of my favorites before I transferred.  I used the syllabus to study for the course and attended class maybe three times the entire semester.  History is a strength in my study so it was not a hard course and the lectures I attended were pretty great.
1.0 : All of you guys LIED ! i havent taken a test yet but he just talks, no notes or powerpoints !class ends at 11 he talk so much from 10:10am till after 11 ! he always gets off topic ! and  i really dont know whats on the test ! DO NOT I REPEAT DI NOT take him if you really want to learn
3.5 : Thought this was going to be an easy A class but ended up with a disappointing B. He only gives two tests which he makes you think are going to be easy but aren't. The way he words things are confusing and if you don't know every fact he throws out in class you won't pass. DO NOT SKIP CLASS. His test is based on his lecture not the book
4.0 : EASY A, his lectures are really really heavy, he doesnt make notes he just talks, but if you read the sections at home youll pass, we only had 2 test the whole semester. and 1 extra credit paper
4.0 : Hales is a great professor who is very knowledgeable about critical topics and makes sure , his class is aware of current events everyday. You'll rarley see assignments and will most likely take notes  the whole semester . He can get boring at times but he is a kind dude and Is oddly funny.
4.0 : He has 2 tests and they are both pretty easy if you pay attention and study. He gives you everything you need to know and does reviews. The bad thing is he LOOOOOVES to talk and he'll go on and on.
1.0 : He only gives out a midterm and a final. He tells stories about past students saying his class is easy but it's not. He lectures the entire class time and goes off topic A LOT!! Lectures are very boring and it's hard to distinguish what is really important because he talks so much!Take another professor or be prepared to be your own professor -___-
2.0 : Seems like he's a nice person but his lectures are very boring! Even though He goes off topic a lot, you will still be bored lol. You only have to take a midterm and a final along with a paper. Do not buy the book. He writes notes on the board that are hard to see/decipher so take a picture of them and then teach yourself the material at home.
2.0 : He talks for about half an hour before he actually lectures. He writes notes on the board but his hand writing is piss poor, so that doesn't offer any help. He allows open note tests but his notes are terrible so refer to outside sources.
2.5 : Two tests to gauge if you are competent in AMH. I didnt like him, he droned &amp; didnt get the students involved at all. The WORST class ive ever taken. If you like endless lectures he's for you, if not then please dont do it. The book is ten times more helpful then him. If you take notes you can use them on the test ps and attendance isnt mandatory.
4.0 : The English department is staffed with what I call alpha females, which are women who exceptional competent in what they do, who have very strong and complex personalities.  Dr. Veronia Yon has a drop-dead, gorgeous smile but is complex like the rest. Therefore, in terms of learning what she wants on an assignment, get as much feedback as possible.
3.0 : Dr Yon was a very precise professor she wants things done to your best ability. Try and put in effort and she will defiantly help you in your weak areas. Come to class on exam days and especially when assignments are due. She isnt looking to fail anybody shes a nice person who will want you to put your best work forward.
5.0 : Amazing teacher, she goes out of her way to help her students and she truly wants everyone to succeed. Everything is in the syllabus for her class and she actually follows it accordingly. Expect daily homework but it's not hard at all. This is my second time taking a class taught by her and honestly I love it.
4.5 : Professor Yon is an awesome teacher, but you earn your grade! She follows her syllabus to the "T" unless something else pops up. If she assigns your Writing Center hours please do them when you first get them, the semester flies! She grades her papers very specifically so take your time and really try! I would take her again!
1.0 : This professor is difficult. She tells you what she wants for assignments and still finds a way to critique you after following guidelines. Doesn't mater how hard you work, it impossible to get a perfect score or close to one. There's a lot of readings and she makes it seem as though that's your only class for the semester. BEWARE.
4.0 : This class is very helpful in the professional world. However, she grades hard on grammar. There are many assignments but they are not strenuous. I would not take the class again because it is just a lot.
4.0 : Shes a great teacher she jut over explain a-lot of the assignments. you get about a good 4 essays but we work on these for a long time participation is key and go to her writing resource hours if she assigns them no last minute things  attendance Go To Class
4.0 : alot of papers to write but she is nice and lectures every class period
4.0 : Dr. Yon is one of the nicest professors I've had, but don't let that fool you-her class can be tough. There is a lot of reading, and overall you'll have to work for your grade. DO ALL OF THE HOMEWORK AND GO TO CLASS. She'll provide help if you need it, but ultimately you get out what you put into this class.
5.0 : Very kind, only gets tough if you aren't doing your part. Some say she grades a little harshly, but if you do all the homework, show up, AND READ THE NOVEL (A Gathering of Old Men), then you will get no less than a B. Your grade will also be dependent on good essay scores, but I made Bs on each one and came out with an A. Take her if you can
5.0 : TAKE HER!!! She is amazing and very funny. Her class isn't hard if you apply yourself.
5.0 : Liping, Zhang is passionate about her job. She gives short and concise powerpoints. Although it is a lecture class she has a sense of humor and no class meet is ever dull. Her study guides are very helpful and all that she includes in the study guides is on the test. As of the assigned readings she summarizes and open for discussions.
4.0 : Liping is by far one of the best professors at FAMU. She loves her job along with this class. Her sense of humor is the highlight of the class. Not too much notetaking but a ton of reading and discussions. Her tests are horrible if you don't read the stories. She does offer extra credit and has a modified grading scale. I enjoyed this class.
4.5 : Liping is probably one of the best teachers at FAMU! I took her for Historical Survey 2! She only gives you 2 short papers with the option to do 1 long paper. She gives extra credit throughout the semester. She also curves our grade big time, so if you don't pass, you didn't try! Take notes and read! You will pass!
4.0 : Liping is AWESOME! Her lectures are hilarious and never boring, even though Humanities is a boring subject to some. Don't buy the book, just use the ones they have in the library. You are going to need to study for her tests. Also, make sure you read the readings in the book. WARNING: If you miss a day of class, you miss alot of information, so go.
5.0 : LiPing is a wonderful professor and by far one the of best professors at Famu. All you have to do is  the readings and study them and you should get an A. But again you must do the readings if you want a good grade in her class.
4.0 : SHES A GREAT, FUNNY TEACHER. SHE DOES HAVE AN ACCENT BUT NOTHING THAT YOU CANT HANDLE. MAKE SURE YOU READ THOSE POEMS, BECAUSE YOU WILL NOT PASS IF YOU DONT. ITS TRICKY. BUT SHES A GOOD PROFFESOR.
2.5 : Ufot is an easy A. (If the whole class works together) There are three tests the first two count 45% off your grade each and the last test count 10%. Thats it. He doesn't do makeup tests though so just show up on test days and you are good. Don't buy the book either.
5.0 : Great professor! A must have experience! He is very knowledgeable on many different topics and more than willing to share that knowledge with his students. He is also great at motivating his students! The course wasn't difficult at all. The only tough thing about his class is making sure that he reviews the entire outline for each class period.
4.0 : Professor Inamente is a really awesome dude. Participation counts. All of his exams are very easy (multiple choice a &amp; b). His lectures are pretty long but he's very knowledgeable of politics. Take Him!
4.0 : He has an accent but not to worry, he repeats himself without it being a problem.    Known to say "I'm from the village" :)  Lectures may go off on another topic.  Grades fairly.
5.0 : He is the BEST professor at Florida A&amp;M University! Words cant even explain. He is Amazing. I love him. Take him.
4.5 : Great Professor.  Everything we did in this class was well written on the syllabus. It was clear and concise.  We had 12 Discussion Board and Quizzes,3 Exams and a Concept Paper. The discussion boards and quizzes are combined and are 1 page long. The exams are 1 and a half page long. The concept paper is 6 pages long.
5.0 : One of the best professor on campus! Hands down! He's helpful, he's passionate about his job and helping his students. He leaves no room for confusion because he explains everything. He will go above and beyond to help you. The papers can seem like a lot but he's not a hard grader at all. Attendance is VERY important to him, b/c he's always early.
5.0 : He really wanted me to do well. I had 18 credit hrs &amp; I honestly couldve done better I ended with a B (by his grace) Hes the best. Great personality, very interesting topics, very personable &amp; intelligent. if youre not a talker, youll end up talking, laughing, &amp; relating in class. Expect to write bc he likes to hear your thoughts. Easy grader
5.0 : Professor Robinson is by far one of the coolest and realist professors. She tells you what will be on the test, she works with you, and gives extra credit. Professor Robinson's book is MANDATORY its online and reasonably priced. But she will be gone for a year so do not take the class if it says her name because she will not be your professor.
4.0 : Good provessor, she really knows what she is talking about. Her class is relatively easy but you MUST stud for the exams. NO homework. just really an easy A if you just pay attention.
5.0 : Dr. Robinson is a really great teacher. I took her my first semester at FAMU, and classes were interesting, but long. READ READ READ!!!!! The chapters are kind of repetitive, so it's easy to grasp the concept by the third test. Take all your quizzes, because they will have an impact on your grade.
4.5 : She KNOWS her subject! and she is very helpful in planning your career after college. She is pretty easy. Effective lectures. Uses a split classroom: sometimes you go to class, sometimes it is on the computer. Take notes and pay attention and you should get a good grade.
5.0 : Very helpful teacher.
4.5 : awesome teacher, try your best on the mylab quizzes and do ALL journals.. you can't really fail this class if you put forth effort. And for paper MAKE SURE SOMEONE PROOFREADS YOURS ! People handed in anything so of course they got bad grades on papers
4.0 : Ms. Riley is the sweetest. I enjoyed her class. I took her for SLS and it went very well just try not to procrastinate on the portfolio due at the end of the class it will sneak up on you quick and you will end up scrapping trying to get everything done like my class BUT yeah that's the main thing with her class portfolio and attendance.
3.5 : Ms Riley is a very chill lady She grades a little hard on the essays and doesnt really specify what shes looking for but at the end of the semester she will look out for you if you show her that you care
5.0 : She is one off the  easiest professors.  Just do her homework and all of the assignments .  For ENC 1101 the book American Now is online, so don't go to the book store and buy it for $100. Make sure you complete all of your journals.  You never spend the whole time in there, she let you go early.
5.0 : A great professor. SLS is a basic class, so if you do not pass this class, then I do not know why you are in college. There was a lot of writing involved with journals &amp; homework assignments, but they were interesting topics that was about FAMU. This is an easy A. Take her, you will love it.
5.0 : She makes the class fun we barely had to read any books the most reading you'll do is short stories and discussions about it in class. Very little essays but I recommend you go to the writing lab to have them edited. You'll have to do a journal everyday which is a chunk of your grade and relatively easy. She's also very understanding.
5.0 : An easy "A" or "B" but she will make you work for it. She gives great feedback that will help you pass and her class discussions are interesting. Every morning we had a journal entry and throughout the class only had to write 3 essays including our final.
5.0 : This is probably the nicest teacher you will find at FAMU. She is so cool and  her she makes it very easy for you to pass.
4.0 : Shes such a sweet lady but she grades tough and every week there is homework. Shes also very sympathetic with grades.
4.0 : do all your work and turn everything in on time.
5.0 : class is really fun, also we had peer mentors that made it even more fun.
5.0 : I would take Professor Riley again she was really easy. We only had two essays and they were not that long. Classes usually ended early. Attendance is mandatory because we do have class discussions on the readings that we do. She made sure that the essays that she made us read were interesting and relatable.
5.0 : Easy class just participate and do the papers
4.0 : He's boring but an easy A. Come to class every once and a while( beginning and end of the semester). There were only two papers, do those and you should be fine.
5.0 : He is a laid back teacher! We had 6 papers on topics discussed in class but the conversations were always great! Take him . Do the papers. Pass the class.
4.5 : Never met a professor who cared more about his students and their education. He's always in a good mood and creates a good learning environment.
4.5 : I was in his eight o'clock lecture. Didn't miss or even late for his class. He Encourages you to participate in discussion and complete the learning yourself. Great professor!
3.0 : Great chemistry professor! Even though he has an accent, it's understandable and his lectures are not confusing at all. As long as you pay attention and take notes from what he writes on the board, you WILL pass. He doesn't really use the textbook so you dont really need it. He's very open to his students and is always willing to help. I'd recommnd
4.0 : An active learning class. I enjoyed organic chemistry. He teaches you reasoning and how to teach yourself. Take the class.
4.5 : He's an amazing professor! Unlike many professors at FAMU, he truely cares about you as a student and your grade. If you're having a tough time grapsing the concepts, he has no problems helping you during his office hours. TAKE HIM! YOU WONT REGRET IT. Go to his office hours and show him you care about your grade.
4.0 : Dr. B will makes the lab relaxing. He fully explains the experiment along with other things  that will definitely help in lecture as well. Some days we would have to do a lab report and sometimes not. Sometimes he's not sure with what he wants which can get a little annoying. He stresses IR and NMR alot so make sure you brush up on that!
5.0 : Dr B is so cool. I have never liked chemistry and I got a D in 1046 last semester but passed easily with him. he will help you out if you show interest and go to office hours. take him if you can.
4.5 : He cares and teaches. I enjoyed taking chemistry for the first time. I will take him for org. chem in the fall. Thanks Dr. B for productive semester.
4.5 : Dr. B makes class really enjoyable. Lab can be fun with the right facilitator. He enjoys students asking questions when trying to work out a problem. He improvises with short lab supplies. There are no lab write ups. He teaches the material the easiest of all Orgo facilitators. I did not struggle in this class but he worked with ppl who did.
5.0 : (For the Lab) Dr. Mochona or Dr. B ,as he prefers, is an amazing teacher. He is usually very straight forward with what he wants from labs. He cares more that you understand the principles of the lab and the techniques than the yields. If you can not read an IR or NMR spectrum, you may be in trouble because they are a big part of the class.
5.0 : He is a very good teacher one of the best chemistry teachers at FAMU, he cares about the students and wants you to learn and chemistry is a very hard course and he explaines it so that the students can understand
3.0 : He is one of the good Organic Chemistry Lab Professor. He does the pre-experiment for you at the beginning of class, so that you know what to do. He expects you to explain what you did in the lab in 1 or 2 page paper as your lab reports. He collects pre and post lab close to the end of the semester.  He gives review for the final exam.
5.0 : Amazing professor. He has a big passion for chemistry and is willing to work with you to improve your grade. He doesn't give extra credit but does offer a lot of study sessions. Go to all of them!
4.5 : Seriously one of the best teachers because he clearly shows how much he loves to teach, I'm hoping to get him for the next few years for all of my science classes. He writes on the board and uses the online homework system I haven't used the book really.
5.0 : Good teacher. Good in lecture, in lab he gets confusing. Class is a breeze. as long as you pay attention and write down his notes, you'll pass the test. He has an accent but its not hard to understand him. you won't really need the wiley plus account (only used once), but he does get you a discount code.
4.0 : He is a respectable and sincere professor that is passionate about Chemistry! He wants all of students to pass so don't believe otherwise. However, as college students it's expected for us to show that we care about our  grades as well (studying, attending study sessions/office hours). He will help you if you ask! Just do your part.
4.0 : This is my first time ever taking chemistry and I am passing with a B right now. He actually writes everything  on the board and really explains it. He also gives out TONS of practice problems to go along with the online homework. Do them! Also come to his office hours for help. He is a good chem professor. I wish he taught CHM 1045. Take him
4.5 : He has a very good teaching style. He gives an overview of the chapter with learning objectives. it makes reading the power point he posts on blackboard easy.  I like his review problems better than Wiley HW. encourages you to explain the answer.
4.0 : The best chemistry teacher in my opinion. Take him for any chemistry class. I had him for orgo 1 lab and he made it so relaxed. Took extra time to explain things and gave alot of consideration when it came to lab reports. I wish i could take him again for Orgo 2 lab.
5.0 : He is a wonderful man and I highly recommend him. If you would like to learn  and are diligent he will notice and bend over backwards for you. He wants everyone of his students to succeed in his class and will work with you if you work with him. He is an excellent teacher for anyone who wants to have a strong base in Chemistry.
4.5 : Dr. Chester is seriously the best teacher I've had all semester. She gives tons of extra credit opportunities. She relates the topics to everyday life and just an all-around great teacher. Absolutely loved her!
4.0 : Dr. Chester is one of the best teacher I have had here  at FAMU! I absolutely love her. She keeps it real and you will walk out her class with a whole different attitude. She so cool, funny and great mentor. If I could take her again I MOST DEF would.
5.0 : Dr. Chester is a blessing to FAMU's campus. I learned alot this semester. She keeps it real. 100. Definitely take this class even if it's not require.  She's beautiful so you won't have trouble paying attention and she knows how to relate to her students. She's an inspiration to me. 40 years from now, I'm definitely going to remember her.
5.0 : Good
5.0 : Best teacher at Fam. We need more teachers like him... we need more people like him in general. He puts his students first and does not assign that much work so you can focus on other classes. Best teacher ever!
5.0 : Love Doc!!! Easy class. If you come and take good notes you're golden. If you can take him more than once do it.
5.0 : DOC is more than a professor, he's a mentor. His classes should be called Life 101. Take heed to what this man says. He will not fail you. (Not talking grades, but advise!) TAKE HIM you wont regret it!
4.0 : Great class, great teacher. His lectures went over a lot of material but he made them interesting. Funny guy. Also lets you use a full page note sheet for all tests.
5.0 : I highly recommend him to be taken for ANY of his courses!! He is super fun and outgoing and turns the most boring material into something fun and funny. Great class discussions. Tests and quizzes are easy if you come to class and take notes. Take him, He is awesome!
4.5 : I took him for HSC Best Proffesor ever Easy A Class was MWF I came once sometimes twice a week Passed with flying colors
5.0 : great class.
5.0 : Dr. Ramos expects you to come ready to learn, some students don't even have a pencil and then complain because they fail the class. Be serious come to class and be ready to learn not to waste the class time.  She is too nice.
5.0 : Took Dr Ramos during the "A" summer session 2015 and she was absolutely great!! I always asked questions when I didn't understand, attended group study sessions with other classmates, studied using Quizlet and did not miss any classes. Dr Ramos was there for me and other students that needed help. I would definitely take her for Spanish 2.
2.0 : Not flexible when it comes to grading and the amount of homework given. So much homework was assigned that It was impossible to actually study for the exams. She also lacks effective communication. Test and Vocab quizzes were always somewhat of a surprise because she did not have a clear pacing schedule for the class.
5.0 : I took this class in the summer so it was only 6 weeks.  I passed with an A  in the class and in the Lab. Professor Ramos is such a great teacher. She explains everything in detail, and also gives you worksheets to do at home for extra practice. Extra credit assignments were also given. p.s  DO THE WORKSHEETS THEY ARE BASICALLY THE TEST!
1.0 : I will not recommend her to my worst enemy. I understand that summer classes are intense but she is not clear of what she lectures. She does not curve so if your grade is a 69.9 thats your grade she will smile in your face and still fail you. I passed the class but I would not recommend her to nobody. Dont waste your time
5.0 : Professor Ramos was my instructor for the Summer Course for 6 weeks. I promise I thought this was going to be hard. However, she made it very easy to understand. She don't mind you asking her questions. She teaches and prepare you for what is exactly on the test. Quizlet, Study Groups, and studying will help you. I passed with a "B" in the class.
5.0 : Very nice professor. Will work with you and is always friendly.
4.0 : She does NOT accept anything late, no leniency on that. NO extra credit for anything.
5.0 : Great professor-truly wants us to succeed and cannot control the online portions which is what both her class and lab are composed of.
3.0 : Dr. Ramos can be tough if you do not have much time to study. If you do not have a background in Spanish I recommend taking her during a semester where you do not have much of a workload. Her tests and quizzes will determine if you will pass the class. There are no curves or extra credit, your grade is what you earned. Period.
3.5 : Very unorganized teacher. No heads up on what you will be doing each week. No course calendar, she just throws assignments &amp; readings at you whenever she feels like it. Heavy load of work. Pop quizzes with no warning. Very helpful during office hours if you're lucky enough to get there first.
5.0 : Great Professor ! Very funny and in tune with current technology applications. Hands on class you will need a laptop. Must pay attention he doesn't like repeating himself.
5.0 : The test are based on all of the assignments including the extra credit assignments. The only way someone should fail an assignment or test is because they missed the lecture. Everything is straight forward and for every test there is an extra credit opportunity.
2.0 : Way too west coast cool and high brow for FAMU. Read from the slides instead of taught,
5.0 : This class was pretty labor intensive (we where assigned to read/brief the entire 1000 page casebook). However, I feel as if I truly learned ALOT by the end of the semester, partly because Henslee is a true "crack shot" at copyright. Once you understand $106, good things happen. Take good notes, use supplements to outline, and you will be fine.
5.0 : Straight forward, miterm, final, paper, group project, easy to get an A if you study consistently
4.0 : She can catch an attitude but its rare. The class is basically an online course but there's classroom for lecture. Every quiz, exam, midterm, final everything is on blackboard and every answer is on quizlet. you're a fool if you get anything less than an A. She does have a sense of humor and hates phones and laptops in class! She will kick you out.
4.0 : Dr. Hughes was good. Her lectures were kinda boring to me, but anyone is willing to pass because most of her assignments, discussions, exams, and quizzes are posted online. She cancels class often because she has "vertigo" symptoms. But I would recommend her, she's not hard at all. If you stay on top of your work you are bound to get an A.
4.0 : No reason not to pass with an A or at least a B. Textbook, quizzes, and exams are all online, offers extra credit. Doesn't like electronics though so don't get caught on a phone or she'll call (or kick) you out. Textbook was actually interesting but you don't have to read the whole chapter to get an A since there are detailed summaries online.
4.0 : The textbook, quizzes, and exams are all online (which means you can cheat). She  offers a lot of extra credit. There are weekly chapter quizzes, two exams and a few other assignments. She canceled class a few times throughout the semester but overall it was an easy class.
4.5 : She wasn't feeling well this semester for some reason so the exams where online .  There are only two exams but she dose give quizzes on each chapter you will cover or on a video . The class was pretty interesting and fun , I would definitely take her again. I must say if you don't read you won't pass,  my class just got lucky.
5.0 : This would be my favorite professor at FAMU. Dr. Hughes is very easy and she consider your work ethic, as long as you come to class and do your assignments on time, she will help you. I had no problems out her class clear cut teacher, you be guaranteed an A.
5.0 : Love her! Great teacher just speak to her if you have problems and she's so open and willing to help. Make sure you complete all assignments and do essays on time! Super nice and super simple! Easy A if you are willing to do the work.
5.0 : Easy A
2.5 : Dr. Hughes is soooo cool. She gives you a lot of chances to pass her class! There is no way you can fail unless you don't do ANY of the work.
4.5 : Dr. Hughes is a wonderful professor to take. Her class is not hard. Attendance is necessary, but she does not take roll all the time. She is laid back and very funny. Come to class and stay off your phones and computers.. We took chapter quizzes online and 2 major exams that were also on blackboard.. Reaction papers for extra credit. TAKE HER CLASS
4.0 : Find the chapter summaries and Quizlets, and save yourself time and energy. Everything is online, but she sends reminders throughout the week so you always know what is due, and when. If your grade drops, its hard to raise, since the majority of assignments are weighted the same. She offers extra credit around the middle of the semester.
5.0 : Use quizlet for the chapter quizzes, use the chapter summaries. You'll have to read for the last few chapters because they weren't on quizlet. She sends reminders, it's not an easy class to forget about. I loved it! Learned a lot even though it was online. 2 tests (weigh a lot) chapter quizzes due every week. 1 paper(easy), DBP due twice every week
3.5 : Had 3 tests the whole semester. Every now and again she gives the extra credit assignments in class (which helped me get an A) She has a sense of humor, and you can find all the test answers online. What more could you ask for? Also, there are weekly online quizzes you need to take, but just read the conclusion page of the chapter and you'll pass.
5.0 : Easy!!!! Turn in your work! Show that you are trying!
4.5 : Very straightforward, knows her stuff. Very helpful outside of class if you ask for help.
5.0 : One of the best professors at FAMU. She's clear, organized, and makes learning the law easy and understandable. Take good notes and you'll do well on the exam.
4.0 : Dr. drumming is great I would advise anyone to take her. She explains accounting so well. I didn't do any my accounting lab however I did really well on her tests. As long as you go to class, pay attention and study the material you'll do well.
4.5 : Dr. D class is very entertaining and informative. I learned a lot from her class. She does ask for a lot (work), but everything she gives you helps you toward Capstone then towards the professional world. Take advantage of all the extra credit opportunities. Lastly, you will definitely learn in her class.
5.0 : Dr.Ugochukwu,a very loving &amp; caring professor.Tough but it is b/c she expects you to be assertive.She lectures but it is your responsibility to read on to master the subject,she's hilarious and very wise.I have learned a lot from her.She is extremely intelligent.Her tests aren't hard but if you don't understand concepts you'll definitely mess up:)
3.0 : TAs bring a sign in sheet/easily can have your friends sign in. 2pts each time you answer a question correctly in class. Worst is u are FORCED to meet w/group members (I never did), but for extra credit. You get extra credit for finishing mastering chem before due date. I got an A w/o much of the extra credit. Reading made it easy!
5.0 : Take during the summer you will receive an A during the spring and summer you have to work harder and she tougher. You don't have to come to class everyday during the summer. The last exam she let you use your notes phone or laptop test before that will be a take home one, she gives a lot of extra credit, she drops the lowest test grade.
3.0 : This class was so boring. Her voice will put you to sleep. I didn't do well on her tests, but I didn't study. She gave lots of extra credit and I passed. Do your mastering bio work, all extra credit work, and study- you'll definitely pass.
5.0 : You can't fail Dr Gottschalks classes.
5.0 : Phenomenal instructor
3.0 : She is boring. I barely went to class. I guess you could say it's an easy class. I made a B, barely study, barely went, to class, had people sign me in. She puts notes of the chapters on line and I study from that. I probably made 60-70% on the tests but she does drop a test and gives  extra credit.Wouldn't recommend... kinda got stuck with her.
3.5 : lecture is very long and boring but she really cares about the students and wants you to pass. she gives ample amounts of opportunities to improve your grade but it's on you if you take advantage of it. do not interrupt her lecture to ask her any stupid question not pertaining to the lecture. she'll flip out. do mastering biology. not hard.
4.5 : Her class was kind of hard because of the subject, but I failed every test and got a C. I would take her again ! She gives tons of extra credit, but you have to work for it. Mastering Biology is a must, and it has extra credit attempts. Class is boring because Biology is like her first language. Gives extra credit for attendance.
3.0 : Well, I passed her class with a C. She gives a extra credit project and a take home test. Her tests are really hard. I didn't do well on the tests but mastering biology helped me along with a lot of extra credit she gave throughout the semester.
4.0 : Dr. Gottschalk is very boring, but if you want to take a Biology class and actually pass, she's the one for you. She gives lots of extra credit and numerous opportunities to bring up your grade, there should be no reason anyone should fail her class.
3.5 : Very, very boring lady. She has clear deadlines to be met though. Homework is easy and worth a decent percentage if your grade. As long as you get around a 50% average on the tests , you will pass. She talks low. Tests are dreadfully hard.
3.0 : OMG DO Not TAKE THIS CLASS!! Unless you like and understand biology don't take her class. Even though she does give extra credit her test are really hard. The best thing for you to do if you get stuck with her class is to read the chapters In  Advance and go to the science center.
4.0 : To sum it up a good professor but a horrible person. She is so sarcastic especially if you try to ask her a question. However she has ton of review material, notes, and practice exams online. She also gives extra credit. She does make you do a group lab report if you take her for lab. Just study and you'll be fine.
1.5 : if you dont have to take her, dont.
4.0 : You should take her! Sure class is boring but she is willing to answer any questions you have. She gives opportunities for extra credit, and drops your lowest test grade. As far as you do your Mastering Biology you should pass the class. The final is optional if you like your grade. From my experience it was an easy A.
4.0 : she is super boring but easy to pass i never went to class and got a B. Drops low grades and gives assignments to replace low grades.
5.0 : Best prof. for Bio 1010 on campus, I hear. All 1010 lectures teach from boring powerpoints; but Gottshalk stood out: she gave us a take-home exam, we got to use books/notes on last exam, final was optional (only take if you desperately need to up your grade), she really does know the class, she updates Blackboard. Won't tolerate talking in lecture.
1.5 : Professor Gottschalk was really a struggle for me, for the simple fact that I purchased the e-book and I have poor study habits. GET THE TEXTBOOK!! you need to be able to view tangible pages and take notes. I would not take Gottschalk again because I was not sure I would pass the course, but I finished with an A because she gives tons of extra cred
4.0 : TAKE HER TAKE HER TAKE HER . She might be boring but you will pass it , her class is easy as a breeze , she can get slick sometimes but for the most part she is  a  very sweet lady. make sure to do mastering biology and all homeworks assigned. if you do the thing listed i guarantee you will pass . I Pass her class With an A
3.5 : she is by far one of the best teachers you can take at FAMU for any bio course.  I barley showed up, I just made sure i did my mastering biology and I managed to pass with an A. He exams are kind of hard so you have to study but she puts up study guides for you. She also give extra credit so take advantage of it.
5.0 : AWESOMEEEEEEEEEEEE TEACHER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GIVES LOTS OF EXTRA CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES .. WOULD PASS CLASS WITH AT LEAST A "B"
5.0 : Gottschalk is the best teacher ever!! She gives a lot of oppurtunities to get your grade together, so if you don't pass with a "B", let alone a "C", then it's entirely on you. She's a chill teacher in my opinion and it's easy to "get answers" during a test lol.. I would take her again if she taught BSC1011 lecture.
5.0 : SHE'S THE REAL MVP. I passed with a B I didn't deserve at all but she seriously looks out, very nice lady just terribly boring lectures, I barely studied for tests and never paid attention. If I can get a B anyone can
4.5 : Sweet, sweet lady. She is one of those teachers to help you pass if she sees your trying your best. Barely came to any classes, and passed the class with a high B. i cant complain. she is a bit boring in lectures though. attendance is only used of extra credit in lecture
5.0 : She lectures in Lab so if thats not something your into, don't take her. She is known for making lecture last the entire 3 hours. sit in certain spots and you can cheat if your into that. her tests are really comprehensive and WRITTEN, Not multiple choice. Lecture attendance is mandatory.
4.0 : Gottschalk is a solid choice if you are good at studying on your own. Her lectures are really boring so I would read her lecture notes myself to learn the material. She dropped 2 of our lowest test grades, gave an extra credit project, a take home test, and the final was optional. You will have many opportunities to bring up your grade. JUST STUDY!
3.0 : We had TONS OF EXTRA CREDIT. She dropped the lowest test grade and the lowest homework on Mastering Biology. We had one take home test, one open book test, and a project to replace our second lowest test grade. All quizzes were on Mastering. She even counts attendance as extra credit. It should be no reason to fail her class, I made a B.
4.0 : Dr. Gottschalk is amazing, gives a lot of extra credit, you just need to do the work and you'll get an easy A. She is really helpful and will explain anything if you don't understand, you need to study read her lecture notes and her exams will be easy. I got an A. I really wished she was giving BSC 1011. But tbh her classes are kinda boring lol
3.0 : Mrs. Gottschalk is a nice lady and can be helpful but her lectures are very long and boring and it can be difficult to concentrate. On the bright side she gives a lot of extra credit and let us do a take home test and open book test and drops your lowest test grade, so it's pretty easy to pass her class if you try.
4.0 : Well I did the best in her class then any other classes I took my freshman fall semester.  She is helpful and if you ask for help she will give it.  Please do not text or talk a lot in her class she will ask you do you want to leave.  Also she has this big group lab report start that as soon as possible.
3.0 : As long as you come to class and do the homework you really cannot fail the class. She is very generous about extra credit and her tests are challenging. But with all the extra credit points she gives out it is extremely hard not to get an A let alone pass the class
3.5 : I totally loved her class but it may be because I already love biology. I know many others had a tough time. She gives loads of extra credit just because: take home test, open book/computer test, extra points on lots of things, grade curves, drops your lowest etc. The final will over ride your grade if you choose to take it.
4.5 : I took him during the summer. 6 weeks and we only met for 3 days during the week. He gave an assignment due every week but it was easy and he gave points just for handing it in on time. I did average on the midterma and final and passed his class with an A. EASY and nice teacher.
5.0 : He is very knowledgable about mostly everything. Actually learned alot from our class discussions. However it is a Hybrid class so we did not meet that often, But it is a pretty easy going class.
4.0 : She's amazing. She gets right to the point and does her job well. She's very caring, helpful, and kind. I love her!
5.0 : My SLS class was great. She can read people so well and she's definitely entertaining. Didn't really need a textbook. Just do the aplia work.
5.0 : Honestly you will have to do a few assignments throughout the semester, but they are simple and take about an hour. Most of the work is presenting. You take NO TEST!!!!
5.0 : Love her shes like a friend! She really looks out for you and cares about her students. I got pneumonia and missed classes for a week and she sent student over to bring me medicine and help me with whatever i needed! I wish i could take her every year
4.5 : Mrs. Donaldson is THE BEST!!!!!! She is very nice and smart and one of my favorite teachers for starting out my 1st-year in college.
4.0 : His tests are ridiculous, but if u study you WILL PASS. Trust me.
4.5 : He is not easy, but gives you  all the information to pass the class no book necessary. However  you MUST study your notes and ANYTHING he covered in class can  and will be on the test. make sure you know how to solve all math problems
2.0 : He is the only one teaching the class so good luck. I knew a few students who took the class before and they ALL said the same thing " You will fail the tests but keep trying". Don't get frustrated and fed up he's tough but he grades based off progress. Keep trying and you will pass. Look to your peers for help .  PS STUDY WITH YOUR CLASSMATES!!!!
3.5 : He is a great professor. However, if you are not trying to work hard for your grade I wouldn't recommend him. I never missed a class, but I never understood the concept of Econ. either. One word of advice when he says, "study EVERYDAY, do it!" This is a class you must genuinely work hard in. Wish I would have taken his advice from day 1.
5.0 : The best professor on planet Earth! She will prepare you to become the best elementary teacher on planet Earth! You will never forget the terminology that she taught you. She is very dedicated to teaching readin . She cares about her students and wants them to be successfu . She is totally awesome!
4.5 : "Don't take any wooden nickels" is his favorite line. If you have a chance to take his class just take it. It will not be a waste of your time and plus you get to learn alot. I got an A on every single test. It's really impossible to fail unless youdo not try.  I wish more teachers were like him at FAMU he is one Of greatest!
5.0 : She is amazing. The labs were easy and so were the tests. The tests were right out of the lab and notes. She takes time to explain things and her work was easy. The lowest grade I ever got was an 89%
5.0 : She is a very good professor . She works with you and she unlike others learn and take out time to understand your weakness and she will work with you. Best teacher yet and I hope to have her next semester.
5.0 : Dr. Wilder is by far one of the best professors I have ever had in my entire life!  She is very fair for grading and assignments, and wants her students to learn the material well. Not an "easy A," but the knowledge will be there.  TAKE HER if you can! I wish I could've had her for A &amp; P I.  Definitely one of the BEST professors at FAMU. Period.
5.0 : She is hands down the best professor I have EVER had. She goes above and beyond with not only easy to understand lectures/assignments, but she also goes the extra mile to help you understand the material if you are struggling. SERIOUSLY SHE IS AMAZING.
5.0 : Amazing teacher! She really took a liking to her entire class! she's funny and she loves it when you ask answer questions! She's amazing take her for anything and everything that you can!
5.0 : Dr. Wilder is an amazing professor for lab. She is easy to approach and ask questions to. Our labs were easy and we didn't have to do any lab reports. The tests were easy if you payed attention in lab, asked questions, and used the study guide she posted. Her short lectures were very informative, and we always got out early. She's great, take her!!
5.0 : I love her! i learned so much from her but it definitely was not an easy class, you have to STUDY and learn the material but i enjoyed doing so. STUDY STUDY STUDY
5.0 : She is very sweet and funny ! Dr.Thomas keeps it real with you but in a humorous way. Her work is fairly simple and is all in class assignments. A few essays and easy quizzes were given. She always will explain whatever to you in the simplest form so you completely understand. I love her !!
5.0 : Dr. Leester Thomas changed my life!! I am an English teacher today because of her.  She was/is always knowledgeable and professional. You absolutely have to STUDY but it is good practice. She knows her stuff and she's always willing to help you. If you put in the work then you will be fine. I love her!!!
4.0 : Love Dr. Thomas! She is a kind, gentle, but intelligent older woman, kind of reminds you of your grandmother. If you put in the work you will pass. However, this class is no cake walk by any means. Be prepared to read, take good notes, and show up-make sure she knows who you are. Her tests come straight from her notes. Do the critical paper early!
4.5 : Really a sweet little old lady who knows her stuff! She is an amazing professor and I would love to take her again. She was late almost everyday to my class but she was funny, easy to listen to, and interactive with the entire class. You won't even regret having her. If anything make sure you have her class the most you do is 1000 word papers.
4.0 : Overall a great teacher, she is funny and very straightforward. She will tell you how it is and what needs to be done all you have to do is ask. She's very open and has no problem working with you for whatever you need.
4.5 : She's pretty cool, but if you dont like taking quizzes every other day, you won't like her class. Other than that, she's funny and willing to help you if you need it. She has a story to tell for mostly everything
4.0 : MUST TAKE HER!! Dr. Thomas is a very nice, funny and experienced professor. She has been teaching at FAMU since before you were probably born! She will use everyday life to explain things and even drop some wisdom on you. Your papers will not just receive a check but will actually be read!! Professor's like Leesther Thomas make you LOVE learning!!
5.0 : Hard class but excellent teacher. Come to class because you will not do well on tests without her notes. You won't do well on quizzes if you don't read. participate and  make sure she knows your face  and she will not let you fail! Do well on writing assignments and you should pass.  most stories can be found online for free.
4.5 : While attendance is not mandatory, its still good knowledge to come to class. All his lectures, notes, powerpoints, papers, quizzes and exams are online. You also have an ample amount of time to complete the work. He is also a very funny and helpful teacher.
5.0 : TAKE HIM!!!  He is the best teacher for this subject. Very Helpful and funny. Your gonna hear the word "stuff" all the time. Lol that's his word. I got a letter recommendation from him but you have to have good grade for him to do that.
3.0 : Literally EVERYTHING is online.  The homeworks, quizzes, tests, and his lectures are all posted on blackboard.  Atendance is not mandatory, but if you do decide to go to class beware that his lectures are VERY boring.  He takes the best 4 out of 5 exams but his exams are quite challenging.  You can't find the answers on quizlet so buy the book.
3.0 : You don't have to go to this man's class but honestly his exams are hard. He makes up 600 questions for every exam and gives a random 50 questions out of those 600. You don't have to study but those answers cannot be found online. some questions you use for critical thinking. He grades the paper hard as well too, but finessing I got a B in class.
5.0 : TAKE HIM!!! HE IS SO EASY AND CLASS IS NOT MANDATORY BECAUSE EVERYTHING IS ONLINE, THE NOTES, QUIZZES, TEST AND THE EXAM! his paper was tedious but he counts the best 10 quizzes, best 4 exams and the paper. nice man EASY A
4.0 : Easy A! He actually makes the subject interesting too. He's really laid back even though sometimes his jokes can be a little corny but just bare with him. Attendance is not required but it is helpful to hear him break down the information. He takes the best 4 out of 5 exams and best 10 quizzes, so do good and you won't have to take the final!
4.0 : This class is beyond easy. Everything from quizzes, assignments &amp; exams (including final) is online. Take him! Once you done everything online you don't have to come to class.
5.0 : His class was fun. You dont have to come to pass or get an A but he does still have an attendance sheet for his own purposes. There is one research paper to write but it is so fun. Exams are all online and he posts the notes that had the answers in them, you just have to search using ctrl+f . It is a fun elective or philosophy class
5.0 : ONE OF THE GREATEST PROFESSORS IN THE MUSIC DEPARTMENT!! YOU WILL HAVE TO WORK VERY HARD FOR YOUR GRADE! HE DOES NOT FAIL PEOPLE, BUT HE EXPECTS 100% ATTENDANCE, ALL OF HIS WORK EXCEPTIONALLY DONE AND TURNED IN ON TIME, AND MANY HOURS OF OBSERVATIONS TO RECEIVE AN "A"! VERY ATTAINABLE AND  YOU WILL LEAVE ANY OF HIS CLASSES WITH A LOAD OF KNOWLEDGE!
5.0 : Dr. Chipman is a great professor who really cares for his students. If you come to class and do everything he asks then you will receive an A no matter what. There are no tests but all musical performances are mandatory
3.0 : Dr. McCollum's class is NO JOKE! Study EVERYDAY! He requires you to know a lot of information and he has a lot of images on his test. If you do not pay attention, come to class, or study do not take his course (drop out of college too). If he offers extra credit. DO IT!
5.0 : Cool Professor, Very funny. Test and Quizzes are online but test are in one room. MUST STUDY!!!!!! He makes it sound easy when lecturing but his test are extremely hard
3.0 : McCollum knows his stuff. ALOT of information to take in. Tests are really hard and long. He does curve tests. Gives extra credit.
5.0 : You wont be bored, he's funny, lectures are long but not boring, an A is possible if you study (duh, it's college), but the material is not hard to remember if you study. He is very helpful. If you want to learn, have fun, but don't mind studying to get n A, take him.
4.5 : This guy is a light skinned Anthony Anderson.  Run up and tickle him on the first day and you'll probably get an A. Take him. Tests are hard but at the end you got extra credit you can do. just study the stuff he provides you and you will pass.  If his hair isn't dyed then don't tickle him until after he dyes his hair.
3.0 : He makes you work so hard for a one credit class. His exams are 100 questions and you have an hour to complete it. You MUST study.
4.5 : Wonderful professor! He is very passionate and is willing to help you! I failed 2/4 of my exams and received a B out of the class. He curves like crazy and gives extra credit.
4.0 : I went into his AP 2 class thinking that it would be just like AP 1 but it is WAY more information and tests are WAY more tricky.  The key to passing the test is literally reviewing his power points and study guides everyday. Also he will put AP 1 questions on his test so please don't forget that past information. The  extra credit is a must do.
5.0 : He is very good teacher his class is super easy if you study and read the book and his PowerPoint and the study guides and do the online quizzes. He is super funny and you will love the class, he drops you lowest test and replaces it with your quiz avg
5.0 : not hard if you can memorize or learn.don't need a book he gives powerpts with everything he is SUPER funny and makes class interesting TAKE HIM. he is a great professor he requires alot but  gives you everything. make notecards they will save your life
3.5 : I took him for lab and lecture during the summer , and let me tell you this man can  make ABC's sound difficult. You can study your butt off and still won't make more then a C but he does curve test . If you care about your gpa or looking for easy an A take someone else. He is good proa fessor though I have to give him that.
5.0 : Honestly, He is the best professors for A&amp;P2. His class is hard but I take pride that my C was earned and not given (no shade intended). Everything is on the PowerPoint. No book needed. Go to class because he counts attendance as quizzes. If you want to learn something from this course that will help you in your healthcare field. I suggest him.
5.0 : Smartest Professor I know. This man knows his material. Go to class everyday because you have a lot of information to take in. Test are hard but bearable. Go over the study guide and powerpoints and you should pass the tests. He keeps the class entertained by having students interact with him and from his funny scenarios.
5.0 : This is the man right here. Take him if you want to learn. Yes I said learn. He curves the test to the highest grade so just do your best. I EARNED my A. Studied about 15-35 hours per test.
5.0 : He is a walking book . If you are serious about pursuing a career in the medical field, take him .
5.0 : Dr. McCollum is the man. His class is really difficult if you do not work. If you are a hard worker you'll be fine. If you want an easy A take someone else. His tests are a lot to handle, but if you've studied you can make a B at least. Just work hard and make sure he knows you, and you'll be fine.
5.0 : THE BEST PROFESSOR!! he really knows his stuff!! there is a lot of information, but thats expected. he gives you extras credit out the butthole. if you study.. you will pass. point blank. I highly recommend this man. his lectures are not only informational, but he attaches a real life aspect to it that makes you understand the concept better.
3.0 : He's a good professor. He goes off topic A LOT. But overall everything he covers in class WILL be on the exam. Make sure to stay after class to ask any questions and pay attention, anatomy is more interesting than you think. Quizzes will be given throughout the semester and he will allow you to retake a few at the end of the semester.
5.0 : For any health majors who wants to have a successful career and plans on furthering your degree take him. His test are very long but everything are on the slides,they wont be that hard as long as you study. He really cares about his students learning and will continue to break down material til you get it. He also curves test and give extra credit.
4.0 : STUDY EVERYDAY. Tests are very hard but he provides power points online for you to study ahead of time. Lectures are very interesting and he breaks down everything for you to understand. STUDYING is the key point to doing well on the tests. Memorize every label on almost every picture/diagram he provides you with on the power points too.
5.0 : He really knows what he's talking about. His lectures are interesting but his test are tough. You have to STUDY to pass his test. If your willing to learn and study but have fun doing it then this is the class for you but if your trying to get an easy A then this isn't the class for you. Goodluck!
4.0 : there are 4 exams and a quiz average for your grade accumulation. but only 4 out of those 5 assignments count towards your grade. I took from for A&amp;P1 and 2. he says if you take 2 of his classes and pass with an A or B and get a 60 or higher on his final he'll write a letter of recommendation.
4.5 : Come to class, read all powerpoints, and do all extra credit. He is a great professor. I recieved a B.
3.0 : Had him for A&amp;P 1 and pass with an A but I would not recommand him for A&amp;P 2 . Lots lots lots of information and the test are hard you would have to study really hard and can not study last minute you will fail. I would find someone else to take for A&amp;P 2.
4.0 : He really tries to help you. come to class, pay attention, and participate.
5.0 : He is such a sweetheart, he loves his students and loves to help us to understand and won't move on until you get it.
5.0 : Mrs. Hennessey is the BEST ENC teacher at FAMU. She's Easy A (Even Though I Got A "B"- My Fault) But You Would Love Her Class.
4.5 : I LOVE THIS LADY!!!! She is just great! The class was really interesting. We will have a plethora of group discussions about society and life! We only did 3 out of class essays and two in class essays. We had very little homework assignments as well. But at the end of the day you really do learn in that class about LIFE! GREAT TEACHER! TAKE HER!
5.0 : Great lab professor. Doesn't grade too hard and tells you exactly what he wants. I got an A in the lab
5.0 : He is the best physics professor. Go to his office hours! It really helps! he'll stay as long as you need him to! Do all of the homework! He tells you exactly what will be on the exams! He's very intelligent so don't try and get over on him. He's very nice and kind of sarcastic but he means no harm. Take a lot of notes! Attendance is a must!
4.0 : He is not a bad teacher. you have to study tho. he does not give you extra credit so know your stuff. he basically tells you wants going to be on the test and he drops the lowest test grade and two of the homework grades. if you study you cant really fail this class.
4.0 : If you are not very good in math try to avoid taking him, because he has a strong accent and it's hard to understand him. Other than that if you try he is willing to help you.
4.5 : GREAT professor. Made Calculus 1 a breeze. Go to class and go on time, he won't offer as much help to you if he feels that you aren't participating. Do not be afraid to go to his office hours. Anything he goes over in class he will go over again in office hours. He also doesn't count MyMathlab if you have an A in the class
5.0 : Great professor. Homework everyday. Can be a little mean sometimes but does care. Come to class EVERYDAY and STUDY!! He does give extra credit but you have to work for it, it's like a competition. And if you average an A on every test with extra credit you can exempt the finals. Do not the book please, you only need the mathlab
4.0 : really good professor, actually made calculus fun if youre in a good class or group. he is very willing to help as long as you put some effort in like dont come late to class. attendance matters if you have a borderline grade!! if he says that you're trying and are doing well, he is more than happy to help. mymathlab doesnt count if you have an A
4.0 : He's a great teacher and knows his stuff. He can be rude sometimes but you just have to suck it up. He gives a ton of homework for practice for the test. Everything he lectures over is going to be on the test. His class was scale up so make sure to do the hw and watch the videos. He does give extra credit for tests and will even drop 1. STUDY!
3.0 : Professor Pierre is the best college algebra professor at FAMU due to him being a head member of the mathematics department. He does have a strong French accent but you do get used to it. He is always accessible during his office hours. He gives extra credit every single class that goes towards test. TAKE HIM
5.0 : He is the definition of EXTRA. He explains everything needed  for each assignment or test multiple times. Overall, he is a good teacher but if you have him for a night class which is/was held from 5:35pm-8:20pm then be prepared to stay the entire time. Uses a monotone voice through the entire lecture, and expects you to pay attention.
5.0 : Dr. Ellis was one of my FAVORITE professors. He really knows his stuff so you can't BS him. What I can definitely say is that when you leave his class you will definitely have acquired a great deal of knowledge. He is the best at what he does. Come to class on time EVERYDAY!!!
4.0 : Get ready to read and write a ton a papers. However, you will learn a lot in this class.
5.0 : Exemplary teacher
5.0 : Be on time, dress according to the profession that you are seeking, PUT PHONE ON SILENT, pay attention because he will randomly call on you if you don't no the answer he will quiz the whole class (n it will be worth 100pts), read you book, bring it and the syllabus to class everyday (randomly gives points) TURN IN ALL OF YOU WORK  STEPS 2 PASSING
4.0 : Come to class and you will be good Do everything he assigns because it will be beneficial in the long run. STUDY STUDY STUDY !!
5.0 : Highly Recommend. Very good professor with loads of experience. Lots of stories told in class that are good to know, can be, but not always relevant to tests. Test comes directly from the textbook material along with essay. Pop Quizzes given periodically so don't slack off in reading textbook.
5.0 : I love Professor Cheeks, she is one of the most dedicated Professors at FAMU. Take her class, be respectful, and take the initiative to be successful. She is changing the world by educating. Thank you Professor Cheeks for helping me with commas! TFL4eva!   Very Professional and Attractive!!
4.5 : The class was easy in general and the assignments we had to do were simple
4.5 : One of the best instructors teaching at FLORIDA A&amp;M UNIVERSITY. Take the class if you are willing to learn. At first, I was bored but all of a sudden I developed a thirst for the knowledge Dr. Cheeks has to offer and I grew to appreciate her method of educating. She will give you the honest truth but she has a passion for what she does.
4.5 : Take the class if you are willing to learn. At first, I was bored but all of a sudden I developed a thirst for the knowledge Dr. Cheeks has to offer and I grew to appreciate her method of educating. She will give you the honest truth but she has a passion for what she does.
2.0 : I do not recommend Dr. Cheeks because she is not very clear on her instructions and she does not help when you need it. The communication with her is very intimidating and has a very poor attitude. If you need an english professor, do not choose her!
5.0 : I absolutely love Dr. Cheeks. She is the best English teacher you can get. She really cares for each students and wants you to pass, but you will work for your A. She wants you to learn so she gives assignments  but nothing too hard and she explains everything. TAKE HER !
4.0 : For anyone who reads this, I am telling you Dr. Cheeks uses real world skills in writing and my dumb self was to stuff on me to see that. The lady taught us about selling ourselves,  cover letters, resumes, professional organizations,  and mentors. This is the only teacher who gave us the stuff we needed when we leave FAMU. Learn the vocab.
5.0 : Thank God for creating Dr. Makisha Cheeks!!! Best teacher ever. Take her classes. If only Dr. Cheeks was superwoman and could whip this University into shape, teach class, tutor, mentor, and teach leadership courses for the inept "professionals" in administration. This school needs  the no nonsense Dr. Cheeks embodies. Just saying.
5.0 : Take Her!!! Best Teacher to set foot on FAMU's Campus!!!!
5.0 : Dr. Cheeks is liked and disliked, depending on the student. She gives 3-4 vocab tests during the semester, and they're easy if you do the homework and show up to class. She often puts things she talked about in class on the vocab test. There's a group project and an individual presentation, but they aren't hard if you just ask questions. Good class
4.0 : You gotta respect Dr. Cheeks cause she don't play. She will teach you some stuff if you want to learn and be better. I know I need to keep working on my writing.
3.5 : Her class is not hard. However, it is a lot of work and she grades hard just to the work in a timely matter and do not procrastinate and you wont have a problem. Oh yea, always come in with a positive attitude and participate and even though she wont say it she will take that into consideration.
4.5 : Dr. Cheeks is like a mom away from home. She's a straight shooter. How are we going to better students if whe are not challenged in other classes? My peers can't be mad if they received a bad grade because they didn't study and complete the handouts she gave us for our paper. Peep this, I was watching t.v. and I heard people using the vocab.
4.0 : I like Dr. Cheeks. I passed with a B  but that's my fault. Do every assignment and you will pass. Some assignments she just check for completion. Her group project at the end is what brought my D up to a B. Do writing center hours and you should end up with an A
4.0 : We had good stories.  Dr. Cheeks makes you think about things in stories that we can relate. Paulines Passion and Punishment was my favorite. You have to be serious and prepared. She doesn't accept laziness and cpt. Get to class on time.
4.5 : She's nice or whatever, class isn't that hard if you pay attention and come to class.. gives alot of work and expects it done in a short period of time but if you're determined you will pass will no problem i guess
4.5 : Amazing teacher! At first I thought I was going to hate her because she was SO intimidating! But as the class progressed and as we had more class discussions I've grown to love going to her class. She knows her material. SUPER EASY and helpful(if you do what you are supposed to do.)
4.0 : Go to class, have a good relationship with her,  just do your work, and get your hours in the writing lab and youll get a A, or B .Just make sure you have a good relationship with her and show her that you care .. took her for ENC 1101, 1102 Enc1101 you have a couple papers to write but there not that difficult and you also have vocab test that are
2.5 : She's straight forward with the teaching, sometimes classes are only 15-30 min instead of 50
1.0 : Worst decision I ever made.
5.0 : Clear and cut throat! She guides you through assignments just come to class and participate.
5.0 : She is a really good prof you smply show up and do your work you'll pass. Just make sure that you are actually doing good quality work. You'll be just fine!  Godspeed
5.0 : Absolutely love her! By far one of the best english teacher's I've ever had. She pushes you and prepares you for the real world. She does not tolerate laziness or unprofessionalism which I think is great. You have to work hard and really put forth the effort. I passed with an by coming to class everyday and completing assignments on time.
3.5 : Easy class, but attendance is mandatory and tardiness is unacceptable, miss more than 2 classes and you will fail. Do all of her assignments and you will pass
4.0 : TBH she's a good professor, but you have to be on top of yourself to excel in her class. It's not impossible to make an Ajust do what she requires of you and come to class. You just can't slip up in her class: there's no room for taking Ls. You can't finesse this lady, there's no way. I tried to do it with eloquent emails, yet she still failed me.
3.0 : Much respect for Dr Cheeks. She does not play the radio at ALL. Go to her class, do the work. Shes liked and disliked. As a military student she didnt really make it easy for me but, I recommend her. Shell prepare you for sure.
3.5 : Ms Cheeks is a very interesting professor In my opinion she did not know what she was doing The whole semester we did  group presenations and writting responses Attendance in her class is MANDORTORY she does not play about that Aplia she said was important but it really wasnt maybe next semester
5.0 : If you want to learn, take Cheeks. She is an amazing teacher. It's like a tough love thing. You WILL NOT pass if you do not try. She gives you resources and she actually cares if you show her you're working hard. If you miss her class 3 times, you've failed. If you're more than 5 min. late, she won't let you in &amp; that's an absence. Pay attention!!
4.5 : I love Dr. Cheeks!! make sure you get to know her and she knows you because she will work with you with any problems you may have. Leave your attitude at home because she is not having it. She grades hard but she does it because she make everything clean cut and clear. and to make it better she is very easy going on the eyes!
5.0 : Dr. Cheeks in my mind exemplified taking care of business. She really wanted us to be engaged in being good students. Our class was filled with students who should not be in college.  Our mentors did nothing. Taking care of business was her motto.
5.0 : Omg. Dr. Cheeks is the business. If you are one of those students who needs real help with writing, this is the teacher to have. She broke grammar and using vocabulary down to the point where you actually get it. Always be professional and say, "good morning ". She is big on common courtesy.  This lady is at FAMU to teach, so be ready.
3.5 : Make sure that you attend class and dothe essays because it will count for the majority of grade. She seems like a hard ass but her methods of teaching are very straight forwards. She does not ask for a lot and as long as you do everything you will receive an A.
5.0 : A very helpful and clear professor. Takes time to help students and create reviews for exams. Interested in helping her students pass. Very funny and will help you enjoy the class time. Great math instructor to take, especially if you need help in math or haven't taken it in awhile.
5.0 : Easy A, Grades are only from Test and Quizzes. Book not required because she goes over all the answers before you take the quiz. Her test are online and all of the answers are on Quizlet.
5.0 : Man, she is truly amazing! She starts off each class with inspirational quotes.  She lectures on Tuesday (give answers to quizzes; Pay attention) and quiz on Thursday. She let you work together to find answers with classmates.   Quizzes are 80% of your grade! Test are online and super easy. Book not required.  If you didn't get an A, that's sad!
5.0 : If you have a chance, take her!! Ms Williams is a great professor her quizzes are online, in class and her tests are online at home. Easy A.
5.0 : Please whatever you do, take Dr. Williams! She is very easy and she makes it so that everyone can pass. Econ is known for being one of the most hardest classes but she doesn't make it hard for you at all. Tests are online at home and quizzes are taken together as a class just in case anybody has questions. Take her! Easy A!
4.0 : Prof. Bertolaet is a cool professor that has been at FAMU for awhile. He has won tons of awards and is nationally known for his work. His class wasn't bad and if you follow his instructions you will definitely pass. I'm sad to say this there were people that failed his class and all I can ask is "HOW?" My advice to u is that u will enjoy this class
5.0 : Professor Bertolaet is a great guy! He knows sooooo much about art, not jut about photography. Any person who is considering a career in any graphic design-related field needs to take at least one of his classes. His assignments are tedious but advantageous. It is easy if you don't mind putting in some work.
3.5 : His class is the best to take for Corporate Finance. His tests come straight from the slides. He gives 4 tests, no final, all multiple choice. The only downside is all assignments are turned in as a team. The book is only needed for homework. Your syllabus will guide you through the course.
5.0 : Dr. Grant is outstanding. She should be on the news discussing this stuff. She is passionate about her work and expects her students to be as well. I too have a passion for State &amp; Local Gov now because of her. Take this course. Even if you don't need it. The people she exposes you to alone is enough to make the course worth it.
2.5 : So I have no idea what is up with this woman but she barely came to class this semester.  We had a few test but she confused a lot of people who dosent have a musical background . The class was easy for me since I do have a knowledge of music. It's hard to contact her sometimes but overall she was okay...  I swear I only went to class 15 times .
3.5 : Class is easy. Would help if you different understand material. 2 test and a group presentation at the end of semester. Final was the same as first test. Did not show up to class a lot and did not inform us that she would not be there. Took attendance when she was there. Overall easy class but she needs to show up. No textbook
4.0 : Ms. White is a nice lady for the most part. As far as communication and organization as a professor no. She would randomly cancel class and not let the class no nor does she believe in having a syllabus for the class. We had one test, 3 quizzes, and a group project. The group project is really easy though if you have the right group members.
5.0 : Very Easy!!! just come to class
3.0 : She is good with answering any questions if your confused about the lectures but her organizational skills as a professor is very bad. She didn't have a syllabus for us and never used blackboard to update grades.  We had 4 quizzes, 2 exams and 1 group project. Quizzes and exams are not complex but the project requires alot of time but its not hard.
4.0 : Very easy class, especially if you are familiar with music already.
4.5 : Class is easy! Take her. Most of the exams are online but she does give in class exams. There are extra credit opportunities!
4.5 : Awesome teacher!! Easy A she is passionate about what she teaches. There is no way not to get an A in her class!
5.0 : Golden makes it extremely easy to pass with an A or B she gives tons of extra credit and you barely have to try in her class to get a good grade
5.0 : She is the best. Down to earth.  All the exams including the final are online. Clickers give you points to your grade. Idk why anybody would drop or fail the class. It's an easy A.
5.0 : I love Amber Golden. I barely attended her class and she cancelled when we had like 3 weeks left due to some issues. I loved the lectures and she was very young-like. She relates to us when it comes to her lectures.  Book on E-Book, MUST GET. The book isn't cheap. Test and quiz are online so that's useful.
3.5 : Took her for summer A (6 weeks) &amp; it required a lot of reading because of the little time. The quizzes and exams are online and she gives extra credit.. This class was an easy A or B just don't slack off!
3.0 : Golden is a super nice professor. She care about her students. She give you extra credit opportunities. She helps whenever she can, I just personally wouldn't take her if she goes online because everything went horrible after she made that change. Make sure you do the learning curves and buy the book but overall she str8 .
4.5 : WHAT EVER YOU DO, TAKE HER.
1.0 : She does not respond to emails or phone calls. She barely had class before changing the course to an online class because she was having a "family emergency" If you do the work you MIGHT get the grade. If there is another available professor take them instead.
5.0 : Dr. Golden is an amazing teacher, everything from test and quizzes are online, and her final is optional. You get a B with barely trying . Take Her!
2.0 : It was a regular lecture class then she changed it to online because she barley showed up. As a professor she can sometimes be unorganized, as a class everything is online you just have to read the book then take many quizzes and test. The quizzes and test come straight from the book so they are not that hard. She sometimes offer extra credit also.
1.0 : Unprofessional!
5.0 : Everything is EASY. She is an easy grader because she is very specific. The class is so interesting that when she cancels you almost want to question why. VERY FUNNY. Learn alot about yourself and others. Book is free if use internet, but can buy for less than 10 bucks
3.5 : This lady grades waaaaaaay too harshly for a basic public speaking course. Its  rediculous
5.0 : Dr. White is extremely quirky and able to relate to the students despite working at an HBCU. Her rules and expectations are clear and minimal. Be prepared to love going to class. The work load was manageable and easy. I learned a lot about communicating in relationships, professional settings and with myself. Easy to take home the message every day
5.0 : Be ready to talk , there's only 3 major speeches
5.0 : one of the best professors on FAMUs campus by far. blunt but with a sense of warmness thats its impossible for you to get offended. come to class, show effort, follow guidelines and youre sure to get an A or B.
5.0 : She is the best teacher I have ever had. She is down to earth and keeps you entertained while teaching you everything you need to know.
4.5 : What can i say great professor best speech professor i ever had she grades hard but thats because her instructions are very clear i got an  A. You cant fail her unless you want too
4.5 : She is a good professor, come to class. Complete your weekly discussions on BB, read the book and come to class! She is also hilarious and nice, if you need to ask her something just shoot her an email. WOULD TAKE HER AGAIN!
5.0 : Dr. White is one of my favorite professors. She makes her lectures fun and is easy to get along with. Attendance is very important. Few tests but discussion boards are due almost every week. Do the work and you'll have an A, no problem. She talks about her kids a lot and might put extra credit about them on tests so listen!
2.0 : Don't Do It !! Don't let her sense of humor fool you. She requires way too much for a FOUNDATION of speech class. You MUST REMEMBER EVERYTHING from the notes for the quizzes and all the principles out the book word from word... you have three speeches towards the end of the semester. THE BOOK IS MANDATORY! You're better off taking public speaking .
4.0 : Great teacher, but grades tough on those speeches and you present 3/4 throughout the semester. Take what she's teaching you and apply it and you will get that easy A. DON'T SKIP CLASS, SHE HOLDS THAT AGAINST YOUR GRADE ON THE SLY.
5.0 : I love Dr. White!!! Take her and do your work easy A or B depending on you.
5.0 : Dr. White is AMAZZZZZZINNGGGGG! She literally gives you everything you need to pass. Her instructions are clear, and if you follow her process you WILL get a A. Show up on speech days or you will get a 0, there is nothing else I can really tell you the class is super easy. JUST FOLLOW HER PROCESS !
5.0 : Most interesting class I've taken in college. Actually teaches you things that are useful in everyday communication, and she's fun too. Would definitely take again, super easy A. Don't be mean to her and she'll be super nice to you. Textbook is very necessary but can be found online for free.
5.0 : Dr. White is the best. She is sweet and she makes class enjoyable. Through the course you learn about yourself. You must read in order to pass her tests. I would take her class again if I could.
4.0 : She seems mean and sarcastic at first, bu that's just her attitude. She's very sweet once you get to know her, the  class was super easy. She cancelled class a few times and the portfolio had no certain guidelines, so it was easy as well.
4.0 : Only thing that really stuck out to me was when she said " if you can't afford the book for this class than you don't belong in college". Hated her after that. Rarely turned in SLS work and didn't really attend class but got an "A". Make sure she knows who you are but not too well, you'll be fine. Be prepared to be "wrong" all the time. Talks A LOT
4.5 : Dr Grable is the best SLS teacher. She was off topic for most of the semester so don't buy the book if you can borrow it from someone else because she didn't use it until the portfolio is due. do what you want all semester but GO TO THE MODULES and listen to the peer mentors. for her your grade is your portfolio and how much she likes you
5.0 : I love Dr. Grable. She's straight forward with whatever and so nice. There's no reason for you to fail her class because mainly your grade is the portfolio and some exercises. She does get off topic at times but the topics are very good. I would take her again.
3.5 : Prof. Grable is a cool professor. She can profess for a long time from all over the classroom, but there was not one day where class wasn't interesting. I got an A in her class. I enjoyed it fun and lively. I would any one to take professor Grable.
4.0 : Dr. Grable is an amazing professor, in fact, probably one of the jewels of J-school. I'm not sure why people don't like her. The class is an extremely easy A. She does give you a lot of life lessons in her class discussions. All you have to do is the homework she assigns (which isn't much), show up to class and participate. Respects everyone
2.0 : Do NOT, I repeat do Not take her ! She is full of herself and should not be teaching period. She hates answering questions from her students and seems to get off on students misery. She will embarrass you every chance she gets. Her class is so unorganized and the way she gives her tests is ridiculous. Stay away from her class at all costs !!!
4.5 : Dr. Grable is amazing! She's like Morpheus &amp; you'll be Neo. What she morphs you into by the end of the semester is crazy! Dr. Grable brings issues to light that you probably never knew existed. The issues in America will piss you off. Even if you aren't a J School student, I recommend taking her for a humanities or some other class. Great professor
5.0 : She a great teacher. Just show up to her class always and don't e late she hates when people are late to her class the begin do the home work but after that you don't have to. If she see and improvement in you then she will give you an A and the only assignment that really matters in that class is the last one but overall an easy class to take
5.0 : Dr Grable is a seriously underestimated teacher. She is funny and a story teller but at the end of the day you will get so much from her class. get on her good side and theres nothing she won't do to help you succeed at FAMU. She's a DST and doesn't take any mess but show you care a bit and you will get an A. you don't have to go to the seminars.
5.0 : Pro Grable is awesome! U will actually learn with her. She is fair and the class is actually easy. U might think it's going to be hard butthats just how she comes off. She lets u know shes the ONLY 1 in charge and just listen to the in class discussions!  Dont be late!
1.0 : Very disrespectful. Yelled at a student when they asked her for extra time for an assignment in front of the whole class. She also doesn't like to answer questions. If a student started to talk she would say get angry.
1.0 : Gets annoyed when students ask questions, thinks she's right even when she's wrong and bullies students because she says that she's "trying to help students for the real world". Students barely talked in my class because when they tried to she would always interrupt them if their opinion was different from hers. She also uses too much sarcasm.
5.0 : Dr. Davis is the best. My first semester at FAMU and oh my God!!! She is the best. I am now taking her for the spring semester. All you have to do is attend class and complete your assignments. But she is the best!!!
5.0 : Dr. Davis was everything! I absolutely enjoyed her classes. I took for for about 4 of my major courses. Not only was she a great professor, she was an even more awesome adviser! STUDY GROUPS are ALWAYS best for her classes. She will give you some multiple choice questions (rarely) and more short answer and essay. Know how to explain information!
5.0 : She's the best professor you'll ever have
1.0 : do not take him
5.0 : Everything is online, but you have to come to class or you will not pass. He gives attendance grades daily that can really hurt you if you do not show up.  Overall its easy
3.5 : If you are taking him for a summer class, I suggest you go to class EVERYDAY! All of the quizes are on BlackBoard. The lecture notes are on blackboard. He loves giving out pop quizes. So if you just go to class you will be fine.
4.5 : Very nice professor! All the tests and quizzes are online. Lectures are interesting and keeps students involved for the most part. You get points every time you participate. You are required to do a few in-class reaction papers. Super Easy!!
4.5 : Easy! Very helpful and gets you interested in Sociology, tests are online as well as quizzes but you do have to read still! Show up to class, I would recommend  him 10000000000 times.
2.0 : This course is very dry. The professor obviously loves literature. However that passion doesn't tranfer to some students. You will have to read to pass. She loves to talk and get excited about what she says. Very boring class. All lecture, few quizzes &amp; a couple papers.
3.5 : Easy class. Barely read anything she assigned. But, I did very well on her papers and quizzes. Barely gives homework and if she does it's literally printing something she sent through an email. Take her. Go to her class. Pass.
5.0 : Pedroso is a kind a sweet lady who loves literature and cares about her students. She honestly doesn't ask for much, just your undivided attention while in class and homework assignments that usually don't take up that much time. If you take her class you won't regret it. Just make sure you read the assigned text and follow her instructions.
5.0 : Best Professor I've had at FAMU. Come to class and read all of the material. She's like a mother to her students but you have to do your part. Dr. KP wants you to do well in school and life.
5.0 : Dr. King-Pedroso is a great professor, you can tell she loves what she teaches. You definitely will work for the grade you want, but if your open she teaches so much and makes learning the information exciting. Make sure you read the material, because she gives pop quizzes! Also class participation is important to her. I ended up receiving an A!
5.0 : I love Miss Harding! She is a great teacher!!!
4.0 : A really good teacher. She helps you a lot by giving you tons of notes. But reading the book is also helpful. Her test are pretty average depending on the chapter some are hard. Most of her test are on blackboard so using your notes could help you just don't depend on them. I passed with an A. Take her class if your doing intro to theater.
5.0 : She's terrific! As long as you show up, participate, &amp; take notes, you'll be fine. She usually lectures with PowerPoints &amp; posts them on BlackBoard so you can do away with taking notes if you really wanted to, but I wouldn't recommend that.
4.5 : Took 4 Graduate level courses with Dr. Perry from Fall 2007- Spring 2009 and he is quite knowledgeable and has a true passion for the field of Social Work and excellence.
5.0 : Dr. Perry is a very good professor. I love his professionalism and his respect he has for his students. If you follow his syllabus and the instructions he gives you will do great in class. Keep up and don't wait until the last minute to submit assignments. He does read your papers so don't just throw something together. I received an A in his class
3.0 : Tough grader especially and its the type of class that really only quizzes and tests and very little room for extra credit or second chances. He is a by the book man.
4.5 : Professor Folmar is a great instructor but if you have no prior Spanish knowledge you might consider taking someone else or getting extra help. His class is easy if you have already taken Spanish or have some knowledge of the language. He will tell you exactly what is on the exams before the tests. You must study and practice to pass this class.
5.0 : Really great teacher. Doesn't mind stopping to explain, doesn't get frustrated if you struggle a little and genuinely tries to help you. Which is great, especially if you are new to spanish like I was.
5.0 : Guzman is a great teacher!! Extra credit will help at the end so attend as many events as possible. He cares for his students. Guzman was like the only teacher that made my day worth it.
5.0 : This was my second time Professor Guzman and he has truly been an inspiration in my life. He is an extremely helpful and patient professor. My best advice would be to make sure you take advantage of the extra credit opportunities, have the text book and most importantly soak up all of his knowledge about our TRUE African identity.
4.5 : All the answers to the test are literally in the textbook, reading is essential.
4.5 : He's a great professor and I suggest you take him. You will learn a lot of you want to and put the effort into just like anything else in life. If you fall short on the exam don't panic, he offers extra credit opportunities and it will behoove you to take advantage of those. They reall make a HUGE difference in your grade.
2.0 : I had the 5:30-8 class every Tuesday.The class was very long and boring.His lectures got off topic and he went over his 8pm time. We had multiple reading test every week which was difficult to keep up with;He had a lot of extra credit, but it was usually off campus.As a freshman, I didn't have transportation. Would never take any of his classes.
4.5 : This class is not easy by any means, but you can pass if you work for it. Don't take this with other hard courses, lots of reading in AMH, only 3 test and 2 essays. Very willing to help but you must make yourself known. GET ALL THE BOOKS
4.5 : Great Professor
4.0 : Dr. Guzman is really passionate about African American studies. Lectures are interesting, informative, and even funny. However, Dr. Guzman made it very clear that "he will fail you!!", although it is almost impossible to fail. We were graded on 3 exams. NO hw, NO cw! If you get the books and READ them you will pass! LOTS of extra credit!
5.0 : Professor Guzman is the BEST HISTORY professor. I hate how our class doesn't take him seriously.  helps you as a student and as A BLACK PERSON. Guzman is a very inspirational &amp; valuable person to have. So much truth comes from his class. It's  really a joy having him . I chose to take him vs. "easier professors" bc he offers a life changing class.
4.0 : take him, ii failed every test and still ended this course with a B.
3.5 : This class requires reading. If you really want to learn something beyond just SCHOOL he is an excellent person for that. Very insightful, not a breeze through class though. 3 big books, 3 big tests.
4.0 : He is pretty straightforward.
4.0 : Very good class if you are willing to actually put in the work! Enjoyed it
3.5 : Just know if you take him you will need to stay focus and not get off track at any point during the semester. Talk to him and go to his office hours he will help you if you ask. Also, try to go to as many of the extra credit events as possible. However, they are off campus so you will need a ride.
4.5 : You have to do alot of reading in this class. He is a very good prossefor he expects alot out of his students
3.5 : Be ready to read, read, read.... there are 4 test (no other assignments) so if you are not a good test taker than I suggest choose a different professor for this class. He offers a lot of extra credit so take advantage of it. If you attend all the extra credit opportunities you more than likely going to pass the class, no questions asked!
4.5 : As long as you read and participate in class you will do well in his class.
4.5 : Dr. Guzmn is the truth! You have to read the books in order to pass, but the books arent hard and they all build on the same topic. Guzmn is fairly easy and extremely passionate about what he teaches. If you want to learn something, take Dr. Guzmn!
5.0 : I love Dr. Guzman! He cares for the black community. He wants you  to learn. I actually had to read and learned about my people. I love that his class was very challenging and not easy, which is why i took him. I don't regret taking him at all. Yes it was struggle, but it was so worth because i gain knowledge and wisdom due to his class.
5.0 : Will Guzmn is. The. Best. I really had a 5% in his class. I went to his office hours and he helped me a lot I passed with a C. GO TO HIS OFFICE HOURS BUT DO NOT BS HIM he'll call you out so quick be home with yourself and him. If you slacked off or procrastinated just tell him and he'll work with you.
3.5 : In order to pass this class it is essential that you show up and have all the necessary things that are told to you in the syllabus.
5.0 : Dr. Guzman is a great professor! He is extremely smart about his craft which is what I took him for which was African American studies. The class is 3 book reports and NO homework and NO tests and NO final. All that is required is you read before each class articles that we discuss in class the next day.
4.0 : He is very passionate about the material. If you don't show up to class don't expect to pass. His lectures include everything that's on his test. He has three tests so each test is very fundamental to your grade.
5.0 : Man! the class is the most interesting class I have ever had at FSU. He is a professor that is very passionate about his work. When he gives assignments, he makes you understand it. He will work with you no matter what your situation is. Go to his office hours because those are very helpful. His class is easy, when you put in HARD WORK!
5.0 : I took Dr. Guzman spring 14 and made a D in his class. Although it was my fault Doc never gave up on me and continued to give me motivation About anything I needed help on. I took him again spring 15 and made an A when despite going through a lot. If you want a professor that'll challenge you and inspire you to do better, take him!
4.0 : Tough Class, but offers EC.
3.0 : Good teacher, and well intentioned about his course work. However he doesn't work with his students unless they work with him, and due to the amount of work he gives most students are scared out of really trying.
5.0 : Great teacher!!! keep you up to date with today news
3.5 : Read the book and study guide and you will pass.
5.0 : He is a great teacher who really cares about his students. There is ALOT of reading but NO tests. If you really read the assigned reading you will  pass.
1.0 : Test are hard and extra credit is picking up trash
4.0 : Go to his office hours and get to know him well and study, then you'll be fine
2.0 : Guzman lectures heavy and extra credit is offered evey saturday. Get your books early and really read and make footnotes to study before test. Write down date and people.
5.0 : Professor Guzman is an excellent professor who is passionate about his course and educating students. If you do not read , you will not pass. Read the syllabus, follow the syllabus, and complete the study guide. Extra credit is not mandatory but its is wise you participate. Go to his official hours frequently. And engage yourself in the class
5.0 : Dr. Will Guzmn is the most passionate person I have ever had the pleasure to meet. His lectures are filled with such enthusiasm and zest that when it comes time to be tested on the material, you'll know it not because you were told to memorize it, but because something in your soul was moved when you learned about it. Choose him for this course.
4.0 : He is a great professor, but you do have to study, if you follow the study guide you will pass, and listen in lectures. His class is test heavy, but if you try and talk to him about it, in the end he will help you.
1.0 : Went to this class for about 2 months and never went back!
4.0 : Amazing Professor who wants students to be involved in their work and community. As long as you study hard you can succeed in this class.
4.0 : He is a great teacher and very passionate about  African American history. He will help you as long as you are willing to help yourself. Follow the study guide. He offers extra credit every Saturday that not only helps your grade but the black community.
4.5 : Dr. Guzman is a great, inspiring professor. The tests and final exams come exactly from the textbook. He tells you exactly where the questions will come from. DO NOT WAIT UNTIL THE LAST MINUTE TO READ THE MATERIAL or do the 2 papers that are 2k words long. There's a lot of extra credit take advantage of it. If you put effort into the class you pass
5.0 : I took Dr. Guzman in Spring of 2015, I was clumsy at first as in I was doing my readings late, doing my papers late, and not paying attention. But one day he had a special talk with me about hat. I took it to heart and earned a B. He challenge me. He is a good professor. If you try HARD! you will earn an A.
4.0 : theres only 4 tests in the class and no other work. He does give out a lot of extra credit which really helps, GO to them! He's really passionate about what he teaches. theres 3 different books to read so if you don't read, you won't pass.
3.5 : Mr. Guzman is a good professor . In Amh 2091 we only took 3 test , one open book test . he is passionate about what he doing , he take his job very serious . Although he is good professor i wouldn't recommend taking him .
4.5 : Guzman is a great professor. He gives loud crazy lectures and is always in your face, but again amazing. If you do the study guides then your golden for the rest. I promise you don't even need to read the books just do the study guides that he post on blackboard and your set. Funny, cool, easy guy. Also his office hours are perfect for exams!
4.5 : Professor Guzman is very inspirational. He makes you want to pursue your education in black history. His lectures are all very interesting. His tests come straight out of the  book, so if you use the study guide you should pass every test. He is also willing to assist students if they go to his office. He is very easy to talk to and understanding.
2.0 : In this class , you have to purchase 3 books one of them are written by him. If you do not read and study you WILL NOT pass. you have two tests on the text book and one open note test on the book he wrote. your attendance to this class is MANDATORY. grade affected if you do not attend. GO TO HIS OFFICE HOUYRS BEFOFRE AND AFTER TESTS.
2.5 : I Honestly think someone paid all these people to say good things about Professor Guzman. He's not a bad guy but those test are RIDICULOUS ! They're over 100 questions and require a lot of reading. I will admit that sometimes his lectures are interesting but a lot of times he gets off topic. I will say that he wont fail you.. but you wont get an A
3.5 : Only have 3 tests one of which is open book. Fairly easy class but you MUST READ if you want to pass.
5.0 : Basically pass two of the test with A's and you'll  end up with a C. But it is possible to pass all four tests if do the study guides. Pass the class go to all thee extra credit. I failed to do so and ended up with a D because lack of transportation. Find someone with a Car in the class.
5.0 : Basically pass two of the test with A's and you'll  end up with a C. But it is possible to pass all four tests if do the study guides. Pass the class go to all thee extra credit. I failed to do so and ended up with a D because lack of transportation. Find someone with a Car in the class. But hes a hilarious teacher the very passionate.
4.0 : Do the extra credit assignments you will pass!!!
5.0 : Excellent Class. Dr. Guzman is the best teacher I've had at FAMU thus far. His test are extremely easy. Its exactly like the study guide. Study the study guide, go to all extra credit and you'll def get an A or B in the class!
5.0 : I really enjoyed Guzmn's class. He's a great professor &amp; you'll learn a lot. Take him! &amp; be prepared to study &amp; read. He prepared you &amp; gives you plenty of opportunities for extra credit.
5.0 : Dr. Guzmn is an amazing professor. He's a heavy lecturer and all tests come straight from the textbooks, so get ready to read. He offers ALOT of extra credit opportunities make sure you attend them because it could make a huge impact on your grade in the end.
5.0 : Professor Guzmn is an amazing professor. He's a heavy lecturer and all tests come straight from the textbooks, so get ready to read. He offers ALOT of extra credit opportunities make sure you attend them because it could make a huge impact on your grade in the end
5.0 : Professor Guzman is very dedicated to African American history and his knowledge of it will really interest you. Be prepared to read and take notes during the lecture, it'll help you for his test. Overall he's a cool guy and offers plenty of extra credit too.
5.0 : He's One of the most special teachers that you will ever take. He really wants you to succeed but wants you to earn it as well. This is a class that will help you in life to come
3.0 : Go to class and participate in the lectures. He gives a ton of extra credit during the semester. Go to every single last one of them and you will pass.
5.0 : Guzmn is an amazing man with a brilliant mind. He only has 4 tests so you should read the material,  but he gives plenty of extra credit. If you attend all the extra credit your grade could increase by a whole letter. Guzmn always has interesting and thought provoking lectures. Really inspirational honestly. I would recommend him to anybody.
4.0 : Great professor, makes you understand what it means to be the best you. However , the class could be a solid A as long as you do the extra credit assignments/activities. They HELP!
5.0 : IF YOU DO NOT LIKE TO READ OR ARE A SLOW READER DO NOT, DO NOT, again DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR. He is great as a person and very knowledgeable but you have to read to get the grade.  It may seem simple (4 tests) but it isn't. There's a reason why he offers extra credit, majority are FAILING (extra credit isn't on campus and is hard work for 5pts)
4.0 : Make sure your study for every test because your grade is dependent on every test. He gives no homework and does offer lots of extra credit opportunities, go to as many as you can!!!!
5.0 : Hardest professor I have taken, but I have learned so much in his class. He is one of the best professors at FAMU. There is a lot of reading to do and you get so much out of it. I would recommend him if you're willing to learn about your history and make sure you attend most to all his extra credits. Extra credits points will really help you out.
4.0 : Definitely make sure to read and study as a majority of the content on the tests are derived from what has been talked about in class and read from the assigned books for the course. Other than that, he's a good professor who will help you out even if you aren't doing so great in the class.
3.0 : I had to purchase 3 expensive books  two test were 125 questions and read them for nothing as I only received moderate grade Mr. Guzman great person but I would take the same class with a different  professor.
5.0 : Good teacher
4.0 : He's a great professor.
3.5 : Mr. Guzman is a very strange man but his class is pretty easy to pass. You need to read, make yourself known and study because tests are rare. You only have 3. No room for failing but he does give extra credit almost every week.
3.0 : My overall experience in this class wasn't the best and mainly because I didn't find it interesting. You must thoroughly read through the material in order to do well on the test, and be sure to participate in both class discussions and extra credit opportunities. I honestly don't feel like I learned anything. Very opinionated Professor!
3.5 : Very good class, he talks about very interesting topics. Your grade is based on  3 test , one of them is open book and he provides a study guide for the other two. However the test are extremely long. He also gives out a lot of extra credit. Attendance is mandatory because he deducts points from your overall grade every time you miss a class .
5.0 : I don't care what people say, this guy is the best professor for his subject. But to warn, you: he is radical, and might hurt your religious feelings. Beside those, take him and attend all his extra credit opportunities.
5.0 : I personally love Guzman, I just would never take him again. He funny but those test you are quite hard if you dont study hard. BUT if you take him DO THE EXTRA CREDIT ASSIGNMENTS. He gives tons of extra credit.
4.0 : He's a good teacher and although he act tough he really wants you to pass. He is for the forward progression of African people  If you believe in craft-materialism, colonialism, laissez faire capitalism he ain't the professor for you
5.0 : He is really passionate about his job so he will expect you to be the same way. Definitely a difficult teacher but not difficult to work with. As long as you go to all extra credit opportunities and do the reading you'll be fine. Honestly if you just want to pass and get through the class, it wont work for this professor.
5.0 : Great man really teaches beyond your book more life lessons. Not hard just read and pay attention you'll pass.
1.0 : I wouldn't take his class again he was good on his knowledge of African American History but he is tough
4.0 : 3 tests: a midterm,an open book test, a final  You have to study for the test. He provides extra credit for the whole semester, start from the beginning  it will help you.
5.0 : Try to attend as many extra-credit activities you can
3.5 : PLEASE go to every extra credit opportunity there is. I took this class Fall 2014 and he does not give weekly quizzes. You have 3 tests and two papers. Turned in one paper in September and it wasn't graded til finals week. Read FAMU email for extra credit assignments which most of them are not located on campus. The only C I got the semester :-(
4.0 : He was great
4.0 : Professor Guzman really cares about his students. You must read the books to do good on the tests.  You learn alot about African American history. Go to as many extra credit opportunities as possible!
4.0 : Be sure to read all the material
4.0 : Be Prepared Always.
5.0 : Loved him!! Class was more of a conversation than a lecture. Go to all of the extra credit. My class didn't have any homework at all. You have to read the book for yourself or you are going to fail all of the test.
4.0 : Make sure you do read the books
3.0 : go to every extra credit and dont wait until the last minute to read
5.0 : Professor Guzman was a great professor just make sure you go to every extra credit and make sure you read the books he assigns you.
5.0 : Mr. Guzman is a great professor. He will challenge you and he will also call on you to see if you did the readings. I took him for two classes and got a B in one and an A in the other. He also gives extra credit so make sure you go to those. I have ADHD and I struggle sometime, but if I could do it then you could do it. Make you do the readings!
5.0 : Professor Guzman is an amazing teacher! The class is clear cut, you have 3 exams and much opportunity for extra credit! Interact in class and you'll pass. His lectures are the best you really learn about black history and the oppressors. Great teacher but be ready to study!
3.5 : Show up to class everyday and stay the entire time (unless you absolutely must leave early). He takes attendance on a sheet of paper, and he takes it seriously.  Not everything is on the study guide for the tests.  Participate in class during lecture. Pay attention. PARTICIPATE.  Attend volunteer events.  Be kind to him in And out of class.
4.0 : He is a great teacher and likes to talk a lot be ready to have a lecture that has nothing to do with your text book also he gives out extra credit every week so there is no reason to fail.
4.0 : She's really nice. &amp; really cheerful in the morning lol. No reason why you should get less than an A in this class!
5.0 : The lab took a lot of memorization and studying, and most people failed the first two exams. But she gives so much extra credit no one should ever fail this class.
5.0 : Dr. Reaves is awesome. She really helps her students understand the material, and she wants all her students to succeed. She is very helpful because she gives you good study strategies. Take her if you can.
3.5 : she is an alright professor . she grade easy and give a lot of extra credit but her test are half multiple choice and have written . Good luck if you study , you will easily receive an A in the class.
5.0 : I swear i was so quick 2 drop her class after reading her comments on rate my professor of how hard she is! But she really isnt! she wants her students 2 understand the material and she does a fine job of explaining it! She is such a sweet heart i don't regret taking her. her test were online, attendance is mandatory and she gives extra credit
5.0 : Easy class for the most part if you're looking to replace your biology with forensic entomology. Took one test in class and one take home, Group paper and presentation pretty easy. He asks probably three questions a class that will count as extra credit in the end.
5.0 : Took his class over the summer. He really explains material well and breaks it down to your level. Honestly a easy A.
4.0 : Mr. Campbell is an awesome teacher and he welcomes anyone with open arms who needs help with their essays. The class consisted of nothing but essays and correcting other classmates essays. There were no test and the only grades were the short essays we had to do. I passed his class with a B and I would say some days were unnecessary to attend class
4.5 : Professor Campbell is a cool dude. Took him for 1101 and didn't need a book or anything. All we did was about 5 essays. He only wants to improve your grammer and is there to help whenever. Definitely deserved a "D" but since I went to see him in his office a few times and joked with him he gave me a "B". Nice dude. Highly recommend him.
4.0 : his class lectures were boring! he gave about three essays and he kinda grades hard but overall he is very helpful. If u could find a better teacher i suggest you do but if u get stuck with him you'll still do fine. i recieved a B
3.5 : took him for 1101 and received a B, i think i should have gotten an A judging by how hard i worked so i took him for 1102 and didn't put out that much effort and still ended with a B. First class i ever skipped in College. but just do his work and you'll be fine. I NEVER  took his deadlines serious.
3.5 : Attendance is not mandatory. Class does not have structure. He grades extremely hard.
4.0 : You don't have to come to class to pass. He is a tough grader but he is very understanding and a great professor. We had a about 6 essays and 2 homework assignments, all pretty easy! Take him!
5.0 : Everything is online even the exam, easy A, I recommend everyone take it. The access code is $100 and not available in the bookstore, they offer a 6 week deferment period but add a $10 fee is you do defer it.
5.0 : Great teacher
3.0 : Professor Smith is an amazing example of an independent and professional woman. She is very knowledgeable and willing to help. If you are unprepared you will fail, if you are late you will be asked to leave. Thus far off all my professors her class is the most organized and strict, which means you learn.
5.0 : She's amazing. She holds extra classes each week for us. She's kind. She cares and keeps up with each student. She gives grades back timely. She practices what she teaches and gives us real examples and documents to see. Our section is great.
5.0 : My favorite professor ever!  Spends so much of her time helping us. She really wants us to learn. Great example of a lawyer and person.
5.0 : She's the only professor who spends so much time helping us. She's clear, will explain it until  all get it and she's fair.  She cares so much it's amazing.  Not sure I have ever had a teacher like her.
5.0 : She is my role model.  She doesnt  just teach, she inspires.  She knows the material and uses it in  real life.  Her experience is invaluable.  She is compassionate and tells the truth to the class on what to expect as a lawyer.  SHe  brings real life  to the classroom and that makes the class even more  interesting.
5.0 : This is probably the best and most caring person, not just professor, I have ever met. She is so dedicated to her role as a true servant to mankind, and uses her passion and knowledge to help you gain a thorough understand of civ pro. Her expertise and teaching skills make civ pro enjoyable and it becomes a game of tactical maneuvering! HIGHLY rec.
1.0 : Smith is a great failure as a teacher. She speaks about herself constantly and rarely discusses the subject matter. She doesn't allow students to bring their books to class because she when she does speak about civil procedure she simply reads directly out of the book. She is rude to students and her behavior is often bizarre.
5.0 : She is an excellent professor and students always get mad when they get their grades, but you know civ pro!  She is also very funny -- dry sense of humor though.
4.5 : She is excellent because she brings so much of her real life cases to class, so she teaches the theory and real life practice and bar tips along the way.  She is no nonsense.  Don't be late or absent.  Definitely would take her again.
1.0 : REMEDIES is on the bar. You will learn more by studying it on your own. Dont take this professor!
5.0 : Awesome professor.  Have taken her for other courses too.
4.5 : Great class and professor.  Read or stay home.
5.0 : I loved the class!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Taking her for another.  She brings so much to classromm -- experience, passion, equity.
5.0 : I heard she was tough, but she's fair.  Grades were just posted.
5.0 : Professor Smith was an excellent professor this semester. She does not rate herself on this website. She is the only professor I know that has practiced law with a firm for more then 20 years. I passed her class this semester with a "B" but I studied &amp; read a lot. Thanks Profess or Smith, will take you again.
4.5 : Prof Smith didn't give any pop quizzes.  It was the typical one exam each semester no quizzes ever.
5.0 : Professor Smith is wonderful.  She is real, straight to the point, and inspirational.  She is the true example of a great professor.   Her exams are straight forward.  I wish there were more professors like her.
3.0 : Civ Pro 1 and 2. The first semester was fair and a multiple choice final based on reading. The second semester final was ridiculous &amp; formatted like a legal writing test. It barely tested the substantive knowledge of civ pro. It was an appellate brief as a final, which you did not have to study to pass it. Her lectures and books were interesting.
5.0 : She does performance testing, which are real  legal projects, including involving legal research and writing as well as the subject matter. It was different than the usual multiple choice and essay, but I know I can do real legal work. She was one of my best professors.
1.0 : I would never take another class with this professor again.  She was not only unusually mean and cruel, but absolutely unfair and unreasonable.
5.0 : Prof cares about each student learning. Meets an extra day just for help in small groups. Knows material well. She'll explain until it sinks in. Definitely  a favorite. Excellence with caribg.  Funny prof.
5.0 : Great professor.  Speaks rather quickly but if you read then you can follow easily.  Follows syllabus.
5.0 : She is do nice! The class is very easy! Homework assignments during the week. 3 Tests, 3 Papers, and a group project (SUPER EASY). Very smoothe class. Attendance is mandatory! I got an A
4.5 : Dr. Ajith is the best. Im so mad I couldnt get in his class this semester. He has an accent but knows what he is doing. Very sweet teacher, and very helpful. Go to his office hours. I got lazy and didnt finish mymath lab, failed 3 out of 5 tests but passed the final n got a C in th class. As long as you are in the above average ypu will pass.
5.0 : Prof. Gunaratne was great /helpful in &amp; out of the classroom. ATTEND OFFICE HOURS HE'LL REMEMBER YOU! He was very inspirational and his talks with me helped me alot. He cares about his students and wants everyone to pass. Show that you care, put in the work and he will help you out in the end. He cares more about you understanding the concept
4.0 : His tests are hard at first, but get a lot easier. He curves at the end of the semester. If you do your work and try hard, he will pass you.
3.5 : He's a great teacher. If he sees that you care he's going to help you. Visit office hours stay engaged in class and you will be good.
4.5 : Dr. Ajith is a really good calculus professor. He made the course easy to understand. He gives a lot of tests but only tests on 2 sections each time. He's always available during office hours and goes the extra mile for his students. Definitely enjoyed his class, would take him again. He also gives extra credit!
2.5 : Speak for yourself!!! An advice: take these maths courses elsewhere if you can.
1.0 : He wants you to do everything the way he teaches it. You cant use another method even if its easier to understand. I had him for summer C. Towards the end of the semester he rushed through a whole chapter just so we could take the test and we ended up having our last test and final in the same week, so there wasnt enough time to study for the final
2.5 : So basically I'm half way through, struggling, barely making it. He is a decent teacher. Not the best I've ever had , but the best FAMU has I guess. He isn't really clear on "quiz" deadlines. Tests are 90% of your grade. You basically need a 60% average on tests to pass. Class averages are around 45% I pray he curves. RUN ! TAKE THIS AT HOME!
3.0 : He is a good teacher. I Understand his lectures but his accent is strong but still understandable. 4 test but it is not that hard. Create a study group and y'all will pass with a B
3.0 : He can be confusing but he's very helpful if you ask. If you're not good in math I dont suggest you take this class. Its possible to past but it will be VERY difficult.
1.5 : dont take his mac 11147 course if you arent good in math. you will struggle
5.0 : Dr. Ajith is one of the greatest professors I've ever taken. Calc 2 is renowned for being one of the hardest classes you'll ever have to take but he teaches it well and makes sure every student understands how and why each concept is necessary. I wish he taught every math class. Go to his office hours and you're sure to get a nice curve on your gra
5.0 : Please take Dr. Ajith! He may have an accent but he knows what he is doing. Also, he really looks out for you if you go to his office hours and show that you care. He really cares about all of his students and does not want anyone to fail
4.0 : it's not an easy a, definitely have to do the work (or have someone else do it), you get a lot of chances to do the quizzes/exams, so just keep trying until you get a good grade. not really able to find him, but he does email back. it is a lot of problems/tests so if you're not good at explaining stuff to yourself take it in class
5.0 : Dr. Gunaratne is one of the best professors you will ever meet, if not the best. He is not an easy professor, his class requires a lot of work, if you work hard at least you will get a B. He cares so much about his students, always here for help. I got an A in his class. If he sees you working hard and your grade can be rounded up he would  round.
4.5 : Loved him . He love's when his students participate. Got an A. He cares about his students. The work is really easy too.
5.0 : I recommend everyone to take his class! Mr. Graham cares about his students and their education. His class time always flew by because he made his class enjoyable. He conducts a very laid back class. All you have to do is participate in class and complete the few homework assignments given. Guaranteed "A"
3.5 : Mr. Graham's class was very enjoyable because we always had fun and learned step-by-step things in class. I recommend his class if you're struggling with English.
5.0 : Super easy. All of her notes are on blackboard. The test questions come from the notes. Tests are multiple choice and she gives a buck load of extra credit for each tests. there are only 3 tests no other work or quizzes. Attendance isn't mandatory but she has a roll everyday and if she plays a movie its more than likely gonna be on the test.
5.0 : I really enjoyed Dr. Dix-Richardson's class and engaging dialogue in her class is very important.  Make sure you ask questions about what's going to be on the test. But, do all of the extra credit and you will succeed in her class. She brings in guests that are very professional and are willing to help you find a job.
5.0 : She gives a lot of extra credit towards exams.
5.0 : Dr. Lambert is one of the best chemistry teachers at famu ! He breaks down information very great and he takes the time to make sure you understand the material. You do have to study, but go to his office hours and get to know him and your grade will be solid !
4.0 : Dr Lambert is kind of an easy proffessor. he gave us take-home quizzes which are very easy. 4 tests and one final. but the tests cover a lot of information outside the notes so you have to find additional material to study for yourself. in class, you just have to write down his notes and do some examples. the calculation in his test is quite simple
5.0 : By far the BEST chemistry professor at Famu's campus. If his class is open, take him! There is absolutely no way you can fail the class. I only passed 2/5 exams and ended up with a C which isn't bad considering my low test scores. Do the mastering chemistry it really boosts your grade ! AMAZING GUY.
5.0 : Dr. Ford is amazing, and I immediately signed up for her 1102 class. She's flexible, straight-up, and really does take time to go over your papers and your concerns. Favorite professor hands down. Also, we rarely had classes on Friday, and all "tests" are 40 minute diagnostics that really don't even need 40 minutes.
4.0 : take her class .
5.0 : Take her class! I literally learned more in this class than any other class. The class discussions were the best part of it.
5.0 : Definitely take her, you not only learn about English in her class, but about life and life as an African American . She gives a few assignments, but she takes a long time to grade it but you will definitely get no less than a B if you do all of her work.
3.0 : Cool teacher, sometimes over step boundaries
5.0 : Dr. Ford is realest. You buy one novel and there is a group project. There are a few narratives that she gives us to read and write about (1 page) other than that everything is easy. There's no way you can get less than an B. The final is a paper but she explains everything thorough. Take her for the A. She gives a great insight on life as well.
5.0 : My favorite professor so far! She does not sugar coat anything which is why I love her so much. She answers any questions in regards to English grammar or structure. There were 3 papers due for the summer &amp; she will help you along the way. Take her class, you will love it even if you are not a good writer.
5.0 : Professor Ford is the BEST professor I've ever had. She's so straight-forward and funny. She rarely gives work so there is no way you can't pass this class. In class discussions teach you not only the material, but about life and the real world you live in. You can never have a bad day in her class, so PLEASE take her. You will NOT regret it!
5.0 : Dr. Ford is extremely funny and cares for her students. There is a Midterm, and 2 Essay final depending the subject that she teaching. Overall, i have learned A LOT in her class and i was extremely blessed to have her this semester. If i ever had to take another Literature or any english related course, i would pick her as my professor.
5.0 : She was awesome!!! I love Dr. Ford I was not a good writer, but she helped me along the way and I ended her class with an A. Definitely a great teacher
4.0 : He does not take attendance, but don't miss out on his class. Lectures are interesting and fun. In fact, its not really a lecture, he lets us students do the talking. His assignments can get bulky, but just manage your time. Highly respect this man, and he looks out for his students. you will ACTUALLY learn from this class
2.5 : He's cool and funny. He doesn't actually lecture and I'm ok with that. Purchased the book and never touched it or cracked it open. All we did the entire semester was annotated bibliographies, about 25-30. 10 page research paper and portfolio is expected. Gives  you multiple choice questions that's going to be on tests. Just a lot of memorization.
4.5 : Turnquest is one of the best if not THE best professors in criminal justice.  I've taken him 4 times already and received an A in all 4 classes. He's passionate about his subject and cares a lot about his students. He can be a bit sarcastic sometimes but every class is interesting.
5.0 : Turnquest is THE best professor along with Ms. Munroe  in the criminal Justice Department. Cares about the community and always keeps the class interesting with topics you wouldn't have thought about prior entering his class. Take him! Turn in portfolio at end of semester for an exam grade(assignments done all year) Take Turnquest!
1.5 : My class only met maybe half the times as any of the other professors which was fine with me, I came to class every time he decided to show up but some how ended up failing. Gets his tests off the internet, tells you to look there for answers. You put the same answer as the net &amp; he tells you you're wrong. Cant say what I really want about this guy
5.0 : He is a pretty good professor all you have to do is attend class and do the work he is an easy A
3.5 : Easy class just gives a lot of paper work.
3.0 : As a person he is really cool if you get to know him but it would be a love and hate feeling because the way he constructs his classroom is completely different and really irritating.  The class is not hard you just have to do your work and show that you put effort in your work.
3.0 : Great Professor. The more serious you take yourself, the more serious he'll take you.
5.0 : This class is very enjoyable, and Mr. Wiltsher is pretty laid back. There is no required textbook for the class! Discussion questions are due weekly and there's only two exams. The class goes to different buildings to view art and write papers on the artwork; however, he is a tough grader so use his criticism to improve your papers.
3.0 : Overall this professor is laid back and there is not much to do but thats the bad part. This professor gives an attendance grade weekly and points are deducted if you are tardy. I HATE his because paying $500+ I do not feel as if half of my OVERALL GRADE should be based on tardiness and attendance. As well he grades extremely hard for no reason.
5.0 : Best Professor in the Art Department. Talented and Entertaining. Very easy to receive an A.
4.0 : Wiltsher was cool. There's no way to fail if you come to class everyday. He likes people who participate in class. There's a term paper that's worth like 10% of your grade, but as long as you do well on the midterm and final you really don't have to do it (I still made an A). If you need an easy A humanities class TAKE THIS ONE.
4.0 : Mr. Wiltsher is a laidback professor. He will help you with any projects that you're working on. As long as you pass the Midterm and the Final Exam you will be fine. He critiques very hard, but he does that so you can do better on future projects he will assign you.
4.5 : Really funny man &amp; full of energy! His discussions kept the class on their toes. Its one religious autobiography, one group project, and two tests (online). Very easy class overall I enjoyed it
5.0 : Great Professor! He is always full of energy and his lectures are easy to understand! i took him for Religion, Race, And Personality and it was a great class! Take him, he is great!
3.5 : You have to do ALOTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT of work in this class. you have to purchase my  accounting lab. TRUST ME. I am a Business Major... this was way too much work. I am an A student and I got a C because the work required for this cours is way to time consuming.
4.0 : The only thing I didn't like about taking managerial accounting online with this teacher is that sometimes he would add things on the quiz or test that weren't covered in the book, videos, or study plan.
3.5 : great teacher, you actually learn about life !! He may seems rude and mean at first but its a method to his madness. DO NOT go by that SLS book it will not be used. You don't really need to show up for class but don't show up late he will call you out. Easy A !
4.5 : Dr Ashley is hilarious! I definitely learned a lot about life from his class and of course economics. Participate and make sure you try to read before class, it's very interactive! overall I enjoyed it!
5.0 : Easy class he teaches about life and how to excel at FAMU. He does make you do work and doesn't grade it.
3.0 : He initially come off as a PURE PAIN &amp; pretty much will feel that way the entire semester, but once you start getting to know him he is such a sweet professor that really cares about his students and seeing them succeed.  You can pass the class without the textbook, just take good notes. He's very repetitive which turns out to work in your favor.
5.0 : I must say after the first week of class seemingly like a boot camp I was ready to drop. Although this is one of the best teachers I've had at FAMU. He cares about his students future and you WILL learn! If u can out up with his extraness he's a good guy. He made economics easy and fun! Ask me anything about economic? .. great guy but extra
4.5 : He's a good guy with good intentions. He just has a tendency to get emotional (even though he tells his students not to). You can either nod your head and agree with everything or argue against him. Just don't disrespect him and you'll be fine. Just remember he always has something for someone if you get him riled up. Get the textbook. Just get it.
5.0 : This man is hilarious he gives so many free grades your must read before his class go over your notes answer questions and get 5 -10 As per question hes funny and kinda intimidating at times but overall i would take him again.
4.5 : At first I thought I would not like his class, but then I gained a level of respect for him. He has this passion about FAMU that is contagious. We only had to open the textbook once, and that was at the very end of the semester when we had to write a portfolio. All we had to do was come to class and listen to him talk. I enjoyed his many lectures.
3.5 : There were only 3 tests for listening and the midterm and final are written. Show up to class and make sure you do the project!
3.5 : Really easy class. the test are mostly listening test and a few written. there is one project. and you don't really need a book. attendance isn't mandatory he also cancels class a lot.
5.0 : Dr. Sarj is the way to go if you need a easy humanities. He will not stress you out but you need to come to class everyday, if you do not show up to class or have people sign you in, you will fail. He takes attendance VERY seriously. His tests are easy and you will have a powerpoint project at the end of the semester (easy as well).
4.0 : Not hard at all. One presentation per student at the end of the semester, mostly watch videos for learning.  Hardest part is the listening tests, had to be able to recognize 40+ songs on different quizzes. Only 4-5 tests total.
5.0 : Dr. Sarjeant was cool. The class wasn't hard at all. But he does take attendance very seriously so attend class. The written test were open note and there are listening test. He was a pretty chill professor. Not much work. Easy humanities.
4.0 : Great.
5.0 : Dr. Dawson is nice. Class is entirely about whether or not you put effort into your group projects and class busywork. Thought my medium score on the midterm would bring my grade down, but I have an A in the class. Grades on a 100pt scale, and gives assignments until most people pass (A  90pts+). You don't have to take final w/ 90+pts in class.
4.0 : Dr. Dawson is an amazing person. She is funny, very blunt, and knowledgeable. Her class was okay. You will basically do simple assignments and then be put into a group to present two chapters, one in the beginning of the semester and one at the end.. Her tests are DIFFICULT if you do not study.. I do not know my final grade yet but im hoping i pass
5.0 : Dr. Dawson is amazing and her class is really not hard at all. There are 2 group presentations and  little assignments for the first couple weeks but its not hard at all. You'll be learning from the groups that present. Make sure you stay in class though, she offers extra points per class towards the end for staying. TAKE HER!!!!!
5.0 : Dr D's class can be an easy A or a hard B. All you have to do is do all the busy work she assigns (do not plagirize or copy your friend's work because she does read everything), show up to class and stay for the whole class period (even though we never stayed too late), and participate during your classmates powerpoint presentations.
5.0 : Fineman is an excellent professor. Very knowledgeable in contracts and breaks down the material for any lay person. Be prepared to have him let you down easy because your answer will likely be wrong. If you are unprepared you will be marked absent. He makes you think outside the box.
4.0 : Professor Fineman is a fair professor but his lectures in labor law were beyond boring.
5.0 : Professor Fineman goes the extra way to help out students. He is always available for questions, explanations and anything else you may need. He breaks down the law and let's you know what he wants for the analysis if you take good notes.
5.0 : Dr. Ravenall is simply amazing. He is a very intelligent man and gives amazing, straight forward feedback! He does not take attendance and people take that for granted. He takes mental notes of who comes to class and who does not. Literally everything  he says in his lecture is on the test, very straightforward. He also allows students to record!
4.5 : All i can say is he helped me alot :)
5.0 : Prof. Woody is an amazing and caring professor.  He does this as he cares for the school and more importantly its students.  He is there to help and wants you to succeed.  He does not hide the ball and goes step by step.  This is what a great professor is all about!
4.5 : He's nice and eager to help. The class is tough but he will give you the tools you need for the bar.
4.5 : Take notes because her exams have NO multiple choice! She tell you what will be on the exams, DO NOT MISS ANY EXAMS the makeup exam is hard &amp; long; hence why I got a C instead of an A :/  . You do not really need the book her power points are very detailed.  She is a little "bougie" it is rather entertaining lol, she is a great teacher JUST STUDY.
3.0 : I took her Intro to Marketing class. She gives a study guide for the chapters you will be tested on &amp; the study guide will be graded. DONT BS THE STUDY GUIDE!!!! It needs to be in depth &amp; as many pages long as possible. She let us know in the middle of the semester that our study guides weren't to her liking. Don't give straight forward answers!!
5.0 : Awesome Professor ! Love his class. Just show up and do the simple assignments and you will be A Okay !
4.0 : Coach Olaves really cares about his students! He makes learning fun, you don't need a book. Just come to class and he gives a test review the day  before the test so you can ask questions , you will get a A!
5.0 : By far the best investment FAMU could make in the poli sci dept!
5.0 : Great In Every Aspect. Love Dr. Warford
5.0 : Don't have your phone out. Show up on time. Engage in conversation.. he likes that. A man that has definitely lived a while to give you some valuable lessons. He was my African American studies professor and he provided an interesting POV. Overall take him and you won't regret it.
4.5 : He's such a sweet man, at all costs he will help you just give him something to work with.
4.0 : Dr. Warford only wants the best for his students. He tends to give motivational lectures that do not pertain to the subject. However, you will learn geography through watching DVDs instead of a textbook. This method of teaching is very helpful, and you will definitely learn a lot!
5.0 : Dr. War ford is the best! First and foremost he teaches adults so his expectations are that your conduct yourself as one. Attendance and punctuality are very important. Bring a flash drive he downloads the book for you. Very helpful and gives meaningful lectures on life. Wants the best for his students and a complete gentleman!
5.0 : THE BEST PROFESSOR ! He is such a nice guy, ladies he is a gentleman and guys he does not play about them PANTS! His test are easy, study the maps and you'll be fine. he makes class interesting and lets us out an hour early. real cool guy
3.5 : He's one of the best! I would take him again!!
5.0 : Took him for Anatomy 1 &amp; 2. Received an A in both classes. His study guide is the test, he gives you the exact questions and answers. Has an accent so somewhat difficult to understand.  Definitely an easy A.
4.5 : Dr. Khalil is a great professor!Just took him for Anatomy &amp; Physiology Lecture Mon, Wed, &amp; Fri 8-8:50 It was hard getting up in the morning but when he teaches he gets straight to the point. You can tell he really wants everyone to pass because he'll work with you if you let him know you need help. Great professor !I recommend everyone takes him!
4.0 : The class is not hard at all. He gives you half the exams answers on the practice exams and the other half of the exams are no more than 4 pictures (microscope slides sometimes) you will have to label. His accent is very thick but make sure you remember or write down the images he say are "very important" because them are going to be on the test.
3.5 : I loveeee Dr. Khalil. really helpful! TAKE HIM!!!
4.5 : He is so sweet and helpful. He really wants his students to understand the information. He breaks it down to the tee. His accent can be a little strong; however, you get used to it. I had the class MWF @8am but it was worth it because I learned so much. He's easy professor in the sense that he doesn't overwhelm you with information. Take him 4 lab
3.0 : His entire course is based off of exams. He gives half the answers but it still messes you up because you dont know what the other material is on. I caught a hang though at the end and got my first B on test 4.
4.0 : Pretty straight forward guy. He gives you half the answers to the test and the rest is typically pictures
3.0 : He reads off of the power point word for word, and he also posts them on blackboard. He has a "review session" the class before the test and that does help, but make sure you study as well.
4.0 : Dr. Khalil is pretty cool. He gives like 70% of the answers to the multiple choice on the test in his study guide the night before. Other than that, he'll tell you exactly what will be on tests. Lab was always an hour tops.
3.0 : was not an "easy A". he reads directly off the Powerpoint. the "review session" before the test isn't really helpful. heavy accent.
3.5 : He's cool. Make sure you read and buy the book. We had two exams. Each were like 6-7 chapters each. It helps if you read the chapter before class and take notes so you're not overwhelmed what it's time to study. We also had a simulation game and a presentation on it at the end. PARTICIPATE!
3.0 : Dr Nwakanma is a good professor. He gives outlines for all of the tests which are mostly from the outlines. You dont need the book all the answers are on the powerpoint slides on BB. He cracks little slick jokes which is funny. But go to class a major portion of the grade is attendance.
2.0 : He was an ok teacher just vague on his instructions and what he expects also he goes off powerpoint for his test and gives a project that will help you out a lot since the only grades is the 4 test which he drops the lowest and the project for your grade. make sure you on time because if you late you absent for participation points.
5.0 : He is easy as long as you pay attention and read the book. He explains things thoroughly if you ask him for help. he was funny and seems to know what he talks about. Attendance is a must, he calculates in into your grade.
5.0 : Very professional and organized. Knowledgeable in his field. Attendance is required but it makes sense because people would never come to class because he gives really accurate to the test handouts for every test. Awesome professor and he is very understanding. Definitely would refer to anyone. I had him for marketing and global business.
5.0 : One of the best teachers i have had at famu. Always prepared to teach he post power points, gives you extra assignments, Gives you a helpful STUDY GUIDE for test. I highly recommend him overall a great professor and gives you the tools to pass.
4.5 : Nwakanma is a great teacher. He gave out study guides for each test for Personnel Management, and the tests were straight from the study guides. For marketing management he gave us an online game with was alright, you just have to do it, and it can be frustrating at times. He has a bit of an accent, but i understood him clearly. his PPts are online
4.5 : He is very good and according to most professers he's a big improvment.
3.0 : Labs are the bulk of the grade. You do have to do virtual labs but they aren't worth as much as the in class labs. He wasn't bad a little boring but it's physics.
3.0 : He teaches out of a book he wrote himself that is nothing like his exams. W red out of the book the entire class, dont work the problems out that are in the book. He does give homework that is like the tests but you have to teach yourself how to do the homework. He is always willing to help, isn't very good at explaining things all the way through
5.0 : Buy his book and solution manual NOT the textbook. Basically, all tests and quizzes are based off that. He has a pretty thick accent but after a few days, you can understand him. The test questions are also very similar to example problems in the lecture so pay attention. It's an easy A if you put in the effort.
3.0 : Dr. Belay is funny, but hard to understand when it comes to physics. If you come to class and try, you'll pass. Go to his office hours and you'll be likely to get an A. Make sure he knows your name and do ALL of the homework. I failed every test, but he saw my hard work and gave me a B. Taking him for PHY2049.
5.0 : Poems or short stories to read every night, but no book required. Each class starts with a quiz on the reading from night before (This SAVES your grade). As long as you turn in everything and on time you'll be fine. Extra Credit for letting writing center look over papers.
3.0 : You wont get an A, She rarely! gives A's. Attendance to class is mandatory and key to pass. Vast majority of days  its either a quiz or an essay due. Be prepared everyday for that. Have to visit the writing center more frequently throughout the semester. If YOU WANT TO RECIEVE A B OR HIGHER USE THE WRITING CENTER whenever given a take home essay.
5.0 : I took her for both English classes and got an A! theres plenty chances to keep your grade above a B! She gives quizzes every class but drops the 1/2 of them at the end of the semester. Fairly any homework! goes into great detail as to what she expects for papers! Just do what you have to do and PARTICIPATE in class and you'll get an A
3.5 : Amazing ENC teacher!! Make sure you show up to every class and do the homework (reading). Visit her during her office hours and she will be more than willing to help you with your essay. Attendance is a major part of your grade.
5.0 : Very good teacher. I got a B and deserved it should of had an A though! Make sure you always come to class she adds 10 points to your grade if you have perfect attendance!
4.5 : Definitely an easy going professor and managed to relay information in a clear and concise way. Funny guy, you'll definitely enjoy the class
5.0 : Professor Howell has a great way of delivery the healthcare laws into a matter of everyday life experiences along with allowing you to interpret how you feel the law can play a major role with how society is dealing with healthcare concerns and issues. You will definitely learn a lot when it comes to the healthcare laws and regulations.
4.0 : He knows the material well, as long as you read he will not be tough. He also loves interaction with the students so it is your best option to come to class prepared and be ready to discuss.
5.0 : Good teacher
4.0 : Professor Howell is a great professor. He makes the lectures interesting by relating the material to real life events. There's a midterm, final, and group project. Attendance and buying the book is recommended.
5.0 : He loves when you read the text book. Mid term is open book, well you get to walk with 25 pages of notes. If you pay attention in lecture you cant go wrong. For this class to be so late he keep you on your toes. Loved this class
3.0 : No need for a long paragraph, he can't see period.
4.5 : He is one of the best  teachers at FAMU . He loves his job and is very passionate about this subject.  Pay attention and you will do just fine !!!
4.5 : Take Professor Cohen his class is an easy A. just come to class sit and listen to him talk. essay are easy to do. he gives a study guide for his test. the test are easy. you do not have to buy the book just Uborrow it from the library
4.0 : very easy. talks funny so it makes it kind of funny. test come str8 from the review!
3.5 : 2 Words: TAKE HIM !!!!!!!!!!!
3.0 : We have 2 papers (easy), 3 tests, and occasional in-class extra credit. He lectures every class period, don't sit in the front if you don't want to be called on. For the tests he gives us a study guide with terms to know the class before the test. It's long and you pretty much have to cram, but it's only moderately difficult. It's an okay class.
3.5 : So like everyone has said before Professor Cohen is DROP DEAD EASY!! I barely went to class and only went when it was to go get the final review and take the final. You should get an A its easy to cheat.
3.0 : Cohen's lectures are boring, but he gives out random extra credit for attending. Your grade is only based on 3 tests. Overall he's okay.
5.0 : EASY A, POINT BLANK PERIOD!
4.5 : This class is simple.  It's your fault if you get lower than a B average in this class.
5.0 : Dr. Cohen is the best AFA/AMH professor! Although I found his voice to be annoying, his class is super easy. There are like 2-3 tests and 3 papers but the papers are just for credit, not for a grade. Dr. Cohen is cool and even lets you eat in his class. You actually do learn because he's like a walking history book. Take this class!!
4.5 : Dr. Cohen is 1 of the best History Professor at FAMU. i told him he deserves to go on 1 of those historical documentaries on the history channel Because he knows his history! If you pay attention in class i  guarantee you that you will learn something new and interesting. He gives a studyguide with all of what u need to know for the test. TAKE HIM!
2.5 : No matter what you do, do not drop this class. Even if you think you are going to fail. There is a lot of homework out of the book. Be prepared to be confused. Come to class and turn in your work, no matter how late. She gives a lot of extra credit at the beginning of the semester.  You will not fail this class.
5.0 : Super easy A. All test are online and he's super funny when he lecture. He's blind as ever so if you sit in the front, that's who he expect to participate but if you're in the back, he barely notices you. I sat in the 3rd row, and he never chose on me.
5.0 : RIDICULOUSLY EASY . I only showed up for test and i still got an A
5.0 : Best Professor at FAMU i think i went to class maybe five times and every time i went we had paper ball fights lol easy exams i think we had 3 the whole class and the review is the test super easy to cheat he is blind in one eye so you can get away with anything in this class.
5.0 : If history isn't your major I suggest to take him. He is a great teacher and knows what he is talking about there were only three test true and false.
4.0 : Very funny teacher, extremely passionate about his job.
4.0 : This man was downright hilarious! It's insanely easy to pass his class. Show up and participate if you want the extra credit or just show up the day before a test and pick up a study guide. The tests were pretty simple. He's very old so he can't see or hear too well. The further away you sit from him the less likely you'll get called on!
4.5 : I recommend Dr. Cohen for  AMH because he is a very easy professor who likes to talk and he gives you extra credit for participation. The tests are very simple!
5.0 : LOVE LOVE LOVE COHEN. The easiest man on FAMU'S campus. He is very clear cut with everything he does. He cant see a thing, always thinks the FBI is onto him and he really doesnt care about attendance just be there for test day and turn in your one paper. THATS IT. Wish he taught all my classes for prerequsities
4.0 : the easiest teacher i ever took.  only had 3 test and 3 papers that aren't even graded. he gives them to the writing center but they arent on your overall grade. for the test, he gives a study guide &amp;  the page numbers &amp; some of the answers. but the tests are very easy. hint:SHARING IS CARING ;) .... he cant see pass the first 2 rows...
5.0 : Easy class to take! gives out a lot of extra credit for attending class if only a small amount show up. i would take him again.
4.0 : He gives three tests and two papers. All of the answers to the test are online and he doesn't read the papers but you get credit for doing it.
4.0 : Class is very very easy. Gives 3 test answers are all online. Gives a lot of extra credit for helping do simple things such as pass out papers. TAKE HIM OVER ANY OTHER PROFESSOR!!
4.0 : 3 tests and 3 papers. He takes role during every class meeting. You only really need the book to do definitions to study for the tests. I would recommend to split the cost of the book with a friend and to just share it. This class is only required because it's offered at an HBCU, but I got an A so I'm not complaining!
4.0 : Really easy class and professor. He talks a lot. There is book, but don't waste your money on it unless you actually want to learn. Passed the class by cheating. Most people take his class because he is basically blind and you can cheat with ease. Take it and move on - super easy.
5.0 : Cohen is beyond easy. The textbook is not required, and he gives study guides to his test. I would take him for all of my history courses.
4.0 : Take him. Please. His class was sooooo easy.
5.0 : I love Dr.Z!! I wish it was more professors at FAMU like her. She is well respected, and very caring. She is also full of knowledge! She answers emails in less than 24 hours, and she is dedicated to students success at FAMU.
4.0 : Prof. Bennett's class is a joyful class to attend because he is always in a great mood and interests the class with certain stories and situations that he's been through. I'd recommend him as a professor if you have an interest in the criminal justice field. Also, come to class because he is very strict on attendance.
4.5 : Love Mr. Bennett, he is a very nice and comical man. He speaks about his life experiences as a police officer and is very relatable. The papers/assignments were very easy, only 2-pages. Also, the test are really easy if you use the study guide and the book. TAKE THE CLASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5.0 : He is always willing to work with you if you try. His class is not hard at all if you come to class and take notes you will be more than fine. If you dont come to class get the book and keep up with assignments
5.0 : Dr. Densu is a fantastic professor. He is very knowledgeable and passionate about the what he teaches. He is laid back and but don't get too carried away he doesn't tolerate disrespect! Tests are based on assigned readings &amp; class discussions. Take good notes you will do fine. He will assign you to a group for the entire semester for 2 projects. GL
4.0 : Densu online is the EASIEST class I have ever taken. The quiz/test answers are on Google, and he may have posted 5 assignments out of the whole semester. I wish he could teach all my pre-requsities
5.0 : Easy, pay attention in class and participate. I spoke too much in that class. Always share your opinions!
5.0 : easy class. Just come to class, take good notes and remember to take the quizzes online
4.5 : Real easy professor to deal with. Just come to class because he does take roll most of the time and complete the assignments ( just follow the directions he gives you). You'll pass I've gotten A's in all the classes I've taken hi for.
4.0 : Professor Densu's class was easy all quizzes and tests are online. The exams come straight from the book so its hard not to find quiz questons. His lectures are good very insightful not boring at all he is very laid back. Pet peeve dont stroll in late everyday and talk listen to what he is saying . I'd take his class again !
4.0 : Professor Densu is a nice guy. Verrrry Laid back and clearly passionate about his subject. Take good notes and study for his quizzes which he will tell you exactly what to study. He gave group projects and midterm was an essay exam, as well as final. He curves if he sees potential/dedication. Come to class, he takes attendance. Take him.
4.0 : Densu is EASY !!! lol you have 2 group projects that you have to do , you will be in a group all semester. Every Exam was online and I got an A on each one ! My final was online and I got an A as well ! At the beginning of the semester attendance is mandatory he will take it ! We had a few pop quizzes 2 of them but study the notes and you'll be ok
4.5 : Mr. White is a great teacher. I took him my first semester in college and as long as you read and know your stuff your good to go. This class is pretty much, high school chem just a review. It does get complicated but practice the worksheets he hands out and youll be good. He does come off as a mean attitude but he is honest and sincerely cares.
4.5 : I didn't attend his class until the 2nd week of school &amp; I didn't like him. He gave his spill about how he is the 1st week &amp; I missed that. He did grow on me  &amp; is an excellent teacher. No one can break down concepts like he can. He seems like a hardass, but he does want his students to succeed. He uses pop quizzes as attendance &amp; you CANT be late
5.0 : Crazy, but very helpful. You will learn. He will not only teach you chemistry but also about life. He is a wonderful teacher.
4.5 : He's amazing! He will come off as rude but he's a really good professor and he cares about his students. He will go out of his way to help you, in both lab and lecture, as long as you show that you are putting in effort. His expectations are high but clear so your grade depends on how much work you put in.
5.0 : Dr. White yes, though he is not a doctor he might as well be. This man is no joke. BE ON TIME, BE ON POINT, do not ever forget your lab coat or goggles. He prepares you for your career and does not accept ignorance. He will call you out for dumb answers or make an example out of you for being late to class. Quiz's EVERY class the first 5-10 minutes
4.5 : I enjoyed Mr. White's class but please understand this man doesn't play around. You have to come to class ready to work, homework turned in (stapled or it goes in the trash), or you will be sent home. He definitely won't sugarcoat anything. He makes fun of everyone so don't feel bad. He looks out for everyone too. Freshmen are in for a wake up call
5.0 : Very Cool Professor But He Keeps Is Real In Class. Very Straight Forward. Quizzes Every Class are attendence and points towards exams. Gives Study Guides If He is a good mood. Very Understanding If You Come At Him With Good Reasoning. I Sat In The Back And Made An A
5.0 : Mr. White is one of the best chemistry professors at FAMU. Take him, show up to class ON TIME and be ready for a quiz in the first 5-10 minutes of class. At the end he drops your lowest lab grade and two lowest quiz grades. Everyone got a C or higher. If you have an A you are exempt from the final. He pushes you but in the end you will be fine!
5.0 : Hands down,Professor White is the best. I wouldn't say his class is easy from the beginning, but tutoring and asking questions will make you feel like you know everything; those are the students he likes. Keep a positive attitude and have faith and the class will be just as easy as you make it. Good Luck!
5.0 : I love Prof White and if he taught every chemistry class at FAMU, I'd take him every time. You need your lab manual but he'll let you complete the first 2 or 3 lab reports without ripping the actual pages out of the book. He may seem tough on the first day but it's for your own good. I got an A in the class !
4.0 : Even though he isn't a Dr, he is one of the best chem professors at FAMU. He truly cares for his students and cares whether or not you get the material. Hr is tough on the first day but after that he lightens up and is pretty cool and extremely funny. As long as you do the hw which are pre-labs and show up on time, you will get an A or B.
4.0 : He is one of the best chem professors at FAMU. He truly cares for his students and cares whether or not you get the material. Hr is tough on the first day but after that he lightens up and is pretty cool and extremely funny. As long as you do the hw which are pre-labs and show up on time, you will get an A or B.
5.0 : I only had him for chem 1 lab i wish he teaches the lecture.
4.0 : PLEASE TAKE THIS TEACHER! This teacher will work with you and he looks out for his students. We are a family in his classroom. DO NOT BE ALARMED! At first, he mat seem intimidating, but as the semester went on, he warmed up to everyone! And make sure you always have that calculator lol
5.0 : Mr. White is probably the best teacher at FAMU.  He really brings you to a realization on the importance of college classes, that they are not something just to take for the credit, but for the knowledge!!  If you put in your full effort, he will grade you accordingly.  I highly recommend him for your 1045L or 1046L class.
5.0 : He came of hard and rude asf but deep down he isn't like that at all! He gives pop quizzes almost every class she be prepared because he doesn't play at all! He just wants you to be successful and well rounded not just in his class but all of your classes take him if you want an A
4.5 : He's an  amazing teacher, has   a bit of an attitude but I highly recommend him.
3.5 : I took him for comparative and Vert. Comparative was straight forward if you know the PowerPoints well you will pass the test. Vert is much harder than comparative!!! You have to actually read the book, go to tutoring, and work for your grade!
5.0 : He is a very nice teacher and he is one of the few teachers at FAMU that care about the students, he is very help if you go to his office hours and study sessions, THIS CLASS IS HARD so read read read the book and his PowerPoint he post online  and always come to class and READ AHEAD. there is no way you won't learn something unless you don't try
4.0 : By far one of the toughest class I've taken at FAMU.  The course was very  very detailed oriented, however if you study and dedicate yourself to the material, you will be successful. As a medical school hopeful, this course covered 70% of the material that I saw on the MCAT biology section. Take him and take this course!
5.0 : Undoubtedly, one of the best course experiences I've had at FAMU. Dr. Thomas is truly an inspiration (or should be) to all FAMU premeds. Dr. Thomas is able to illustrate how the things we learn are more than purely academic (i.e. the humanisitic side of science and medicine). ALL prememds should take this class to: test your mettle and be inspired.
5.0 : Dr. Thomas is a great professor! People who don't want to learn are the ones who says he is hard. You will learn in his class and he's very passionate about teaching. As long as you study, you'll be fine!
5.0 : Stay away they are lying on here  HARDER than what it needs to be.
3.0 : You have to work hard in this course. Period.
2.0 : WE DID ZERO LABS JUST STRAIGHT LECTURE. THIS WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A LAB CLASS. IF YOU ARE NOT COMMITTED AND DEDICATED TO PASSING HIS CLASS YOURE DONE FROM THE JUMP. THE GRADE YOU EARN IS THE GRADE YOU KEEP. REQUIRES CONSISTENT STUDY THROUGHOUT THE WEEK. THERE IS NO CHEATING. I WOULDNT RECOMMEND THIS CLASS100!!DONT TAKE IT UNLESS YOU ARE 100% COMMITED
4.0 : This was harder than I expected. All I can say is study study study. Thats the only way you will pass. He does not give extra credit. What you score is what you get.
1.0 : This man makes classes much harder than what they need to be. I am telling you right now I always hear about students complaining how hard he makes things. He give pop quizzes almost every class on things we have not even learned. You have been warned.... run and save your career...
4.5 : I receiced an "A" in A&amp;P lab. Yes it's true that he will not tell you exactly what will be on the test! This is not high school but COLLEGE! All they do is complain, not study and they want to blame all professors for their lack of performance!!! :/ Most students don't know they he drops one exam, so if you got an "F" you probably failed all 5 test
5.0 : This class is amazing! It is very discussion based. He has become one of my favorite professors on campus!!
5.0 : Dr Clemons is a great Professor If you have the chance TAKE HIM he usually ends class early and the assignments are essay and not difficult Make sure  to participate and he is easy to talk to and understanding
5.0 : only BIG THING FOR HER CLASS WAS THE GROUP PAPER, AND THE TEST AT WELY HAD CLASS,
2.0 : I understand that things happen and people have health issues but class was canceled way to many times during the semester. She had a lot going on in the beginning but it seamed like she canceled class every chance she got. She talks way to much and gets off topic easily. She does not TEACH she just reads from the power points.
2.0 : If you can take someone else PLEASE do so. You will not learn in this class. Tests are not multiple choice. They are short essay. She may or may not tell you what's going to be on the test exactly. Attendance is taken everyday and she takes note of it. She reads PowerPointa verbatum and talks a lot, sometimes getting off topic. Grade things late.
4.5 : Talks alot. But she tells you EXACTLY what is going to be on the tests. She does not make you read the whole chapter only the material that she is going to test you on. Pretty easy course I guess. Just come to class on review days and you'll pass the tests.
5.0 : If you do the work you can easily recieve an "A". Took her in the summer. Not a lot of work. Quizzes are 25 questions online. Exams 50 questions online. No class on quiz and exam days. In-class participation assignments. Sweet lady, easy to talk to. Easy A or solid B if you do the work. The work is not hard. TAKE HER!
5.0 : I love Ms. Bowen's class because she gives all of her instructions and thoroughly explains them the best way possible.  This was a summer course so you only have one quiz and one test and the rest are easy assignment.
5.0 : Great teacher and helpful make sure you keep all of his hand outs, pay attention and take notes.
4.5 : I took Dr. Ellis for African American history and his lectures are very interesting. There are only 3 tests including the final and there are only 3 easy papers. He also gives a lot of extra credit, so take advantage!
5.0 : Best course I will probably ever take in my entire life! The  best class, and professor I have had the pleasure to know in my years of education.  Dr. Ellis is a true eye-opener when it comes to our history and this course is a must have! Sign up now!
5.0 : Dr. Ellis is AMAZING. He's the best professor I've had at FAMU so far. He makes learning fun. I really enjoy his class and look forward to going. Test are straight forward, not hard at all. He knows his stuff. Take him, you won't regret it!
5.0 : Dr. Ellis is an amazing teacher. He's very passionate about what he does and he makes it interesting, too! Learning about Mansa Musa was my favorite, idk why lol. I wish I would have paid better attention. Oh, make sure he knows your name!!! Participate in class, nothing major, just answer a few questions every now and then.
4.5 : I loved his class. When you take his class you can tell that he loves what he does. Dr. Ellis is one of the best at FAMU, he's funny and his class discussions are engaging plus he's a real down to earth professor. You'll have two book reviews and three exams which are okay as long as you study the notes days before the test.
5.0 : This man opened my eyes to so much while I was in his class. I recommend him  for this class and any other one. He very passionate about African American history and does a great job of making it real and relate able. He does powerpoints in class so I wont miss class. Dont buy the book. You will enjoy his class for sure.
4.0 : Dr. Ellis is a good teacher and is really smart he gives verrrrryyy long lectures so get ready to take lots of notes . He does give study guides for every test most things from there are on the test but you will need to study. There's online homework once a week but it also helps with the tests and 1 paper.
5.0 : Professor Ellis was a great professor. He is very passionate about African American History &amp; I learned a lot, so attend class. We had to do three 2 page papers that were due at the end of the semester: not hard at all. Attend his office hours, so he can remember you. Also for his test read your notes twice a day &amp; you will pass.
4.0 : Dr. Ellis is a good professor but he has a bad habit of not uploading  grades to Blackboard. His tests are pretty easy if you review your notes. If you show up to class and take broad notes and review them and remember key points he emphasizes during classes they are probably test questions. Not knowing grades really was bad for most of the class.
3.0 : I took Dr. Ellis for African American History. Im not a fan of history, and history has always been one of my weakest subjects. Dr. Ellis is very clear with his lectures , and his exams are typically easy if your a good test taker. HIS CLASS IS SOLELY BASED OFF TEST, and three 2 page papers. He will offer extra credit. if you dont test well dntdoit
5.0 : AMAZING PROFESSOR.. It took time for me to enjoy his class only because it was early as hell and I wasn't a fan of history.. however he makes you very interested in his lectures because he gets all into it.. very passionate about African american history.. Gives a lot of extra credit and sends a study guide for his exams.. OVERALL Best prof. at FAM
4.5 : She is energetic but boring lol. I feel like she lectures on stuff thats not important and not worth the whole class period.  She give 3 easy speeches and she makes you buy her book which is worth a good amount of our grade.
5.0 : I love Dr. Clark, just show up to class when your suppose to. If you just do what she asks you to do, you'll be fine. AND BUY THE BOOK! You have two speeches. Class assignments, and online work. She can be boring, but just stick it through, her class is an easy A! Showing face makes her grading less harsh.
4.0 : A bit persnickety in all aspects
5.0 : Dr Clark is so nice and chil she's always smiling and her lectures were never boring If you do good on the two first speeches you do not have to do the last one She's a fair grader and gives good feedback Take Dr Clark You do not need the book
5.0 : Do the homework. She will mention it once and then never again all semester until the last week. I was late to class so much lol. Don't walk in during speeches just wait. If you want her to like you, show up to her office hours once. She is a paid talker so class never ends too early cause she knows how to lecture forever.
3.5 : If you give good effort, you should be fine. 3 speeches that comprise most of your grade. Better get comfortable with public speaking because if you don't your grade will fall tremendously
3.0 : I liked Dr. Clark , her lectures are a little boring, but you only have to do 3 speeches (if you get an A or B on the first 2 speeches you don't have to do the 3rd one) and you have some online work that's due at the end of the semester, but it only took me an hour and a half to do it all. She's firm on her deadlines, so don't slip up. I got an A+.
4.0 : I would recommend Dr. Young to any student taking African American. By the end of the semester you will not leave not knowing anything about history and if you take good notes you should ace the exams (three in total).
3.0 : He is a good teacher and what he tells you to write down from the powerpoint... write it down it will be on the test. Only 3 test; no final.
4.0 : I took this class Spring 2017 online and it was pretty straight forward. You MUST participate in the class! He does not offer any extra credit! Your grade is your grade! There are discussions, reaction papers, and exams to take for this class. You MUST use the textbook in order to pass!!
4.0 : This class is very easy if you  class and listen. He is helpful and for the most part what he says in class is on the test. the test are pretty easy too.
5.0 : Best Teacher Ever!!!
3.0 : If you like writing papers take this class, if not don't take this class. The class is interesting but yet boring at the same time. You do not take any tests, all papers. You have to read for this class every night. There are two novels you do a book report on &amp; three essays you right.
5.0 : I absolutely loved this course! He brings it to life! Be prepared. He covers several cases during class. Tell him if you are not prepared for class that day. Class attendance is extremely important in this course. Take good notes. Exam fair but tough.
4.0 : This is not a easy class but Mr. Gutherie cares so much for not only his students but is extremely passionate about the content. He is one of the best instructors that FAMU SON has and they should hire more educators like him. A lot of what I learned in patho and the lectures that he gives I still remember and apply in my other nursing classes...
5.0 : I love Dr. Guthrie he is hands down the greatest professor eveeeerrrr! Record him..
5.0 : This man is amazing we even go to him about other classes, if the information is not given clearly.
5.0 : Amazing professor! He is truly there to help the students. Record him, review your notes and go to office hours and you'll be least likely to fail. I wish he could teach more classes in nursing school, because he shows great passion for his students.
4.5 : This is NOT an easy class, but Dr. Guthrie is very helpful. Record his lectures and listen to them and understand them. Bring snacks for when he gives you breaks. Ask him questions, he has A LOT of knowledge. Really has a passion for what he does and his grading criteria will save your life. Be on time, respectful and read or he will get upset.
5.0 : READ THE BLUE SECTIONS FOR HEALTH ASSESSMENT!! The exams are not hard  AT ALL. If you pay attention in your lab class, use Quizlet and make flashcards, you should get an A! He curves the exams and provides office hours, GO.
5.0 : Easy A. She gives plenty of opportunities and she really cares about her students. If you don't like group assignments then you might dislike  the class however you do have chances to get a better grade on group assignments if you want. I wish I had her for all my classes.
4.0 : Lively spirited woman. Show up and participate.
5.0 : I love Dr. Thompson !! She literally gives you the A you have to do all the work to get it at the end ! The work is not hard it's just busy work, and when I say busy I don't mean that literally. She gives bonus points that you can use at the end get all that you can! She is really nice takes attendance everyday. U do have Group projects.
5.0 : Really sweet, always willing to help students. There's two group presentations that you have to do, and you only have to have the book for one of them (and then that's it, you'll never use it again).
4.5 : Prof. Washington loves what he does and has the busiest clinic of them all.  You will work.  Remember you want to be an Owl and not Grass.  You will understand this if you take his clinic.
5.0 : Myers is a phenomenal professor. She doesn't require too much from her students and the work is straight forward and simple. Do the work and expect a reward. She's really great and if the class was hard, i'm sure it'll be worth taking because she's has a lot of clarity.
2.0 : knows her stuff pay attention have fun. quizzes online. test in class read study guide.
5.0 : I absolutely enjoyed taking Dr. Myers. I took three different courses that she taught. She is very patient, a great listener, and she grades everything almost instantly. If you take a quiz in class, by the time you get home your grade and attendance is in. Don't leave early or miss too many classes, she will will deduct points. I miss her already
5.0 : Professor Myers is Awesome!!! As a student I know she is very passiojnate about classes, and the field of Social Work. Every class she teaches is great she isnt a tough professor she really wants students to connected to their field. She is just so nice, sweet, and knowledable I will miss her when I graduate.
5.0 : Easy class, easy A. All you have to do is READ THE BOOK and follow her classroom rules and you're good. She makes the class fun!
5.0 : Very cool teacher just don't procrastinate when she says read.
4.5 : LOVED Ms Houston. Although I took her over the summer and she was super lax the class wasnt too hard. GET THE BOOK!! No way around it and I used flash cards alot for test which helped. But she's always available for help during her office hours. Take her I definitely enjoyed her class
5.0 : Professor Houston-Turner is one of the best teachers that I have had during my college career. She makes her classes fun and really cares for her students. Read, take notes, and study and you will get an A.
5.0 : Of all my years of attending Famu, professor Houston has been my favorite professor. She is REAL! Funny, and smart! I've learned so much in this class! I wish I could take her for every class! Awesome. Just read and do what you're supposed to do!
4.5 : I liked her as a professor! She was always involved with good conversation with out class, always laughing, and didn't have any homework. However, it depends on your class. If your a  really good class and everyone participates and stay off their phones while in class, there is no reason why you should have a problem.
5.0 : Great Professor !! He is definitely one of the best in the business. He will explain exactly what he is looking for which will limit the amount of unnecessary reading. Test are easy as long as you've studied the material. He offers extra credit as well. You cannot ask for a more well rounded professor.
5.0 : TAKE HIM! He's a wonderful professor. He understands his students and gives you plenty of chances to redo or do a test and even a paper. Just email him or let him know in class. If you won't be in class, just let him know and he'll let you make this test up. The tests are only 20 questions which are super easy. Guaranteed to pass.
4.5 : Great professor. Grades hard but only because he wants everyone to comprehend and write well. There's 2 journals each week-DO NOT forget to do them. The book isn't really needed because he post class reading onto blackboard. He's fun and "Hip". Although he gives long papers, he's always there to help. Class is always interesting. TAKE HIM!!
4.5 : Take him!! He's awesome and gets straight to the point. Class was never boring and he leads discussions on homework readings, so make sure you read. There are 2 journals a week and they were easy as well. I passed with an A. Go to his office hours he really does help to the best of his ability.
4.5 : If he is ever an available option for any English class at FAMU, take him! Class was very interesting and mostly led by class discussion and group presentations. Provided help with all essays and understanding instructional materials. He is also just an overall cool, laid back professor who gives plenty of time for assignments. You won't regret it!
4.0 : I came into this class thinking I was an excellent writer. But I kept getting C's and D's on my papers. Alot of other people did too and they ended up dropping his class. He grades extremely hard But all of his other assignments are Easy A Come to class and take advantage of his office hours. I ended up passing with a B, he let me make up 2 papers!
5.0 : Great teacher and easy class. He puts everything he expects in the syllabus. Do your papers, journals, and READ. If you do these things and come to class for discussion you'll pass. I got an A.
4.0 : Be aware of writing papers. His class is not hard to pass but his papers are graded specifically by a rubric. The class makes you think and you have daily journals to express yourself. He listens to your BS but that doesn't always mean he'll believe it. He is a very respectful teacher and makes it easy for your to access him at any time.
5.0 : He's a great teacher. He really makes you think and he talks about real, current stuff that goes on in the world. All you have to do is write a 200 word journal entry once a week. Participate in class. And we only had 3 essays throughout the whole semester. He's not a hard grader either.
4.0 : Good professor! There will be daily journal YOU must complete but the class is basically like 3 papers and clas discussions. Take him!
4.5 : Great teacher. Make sure he knows who you are. Read every detail in stories before taking a test.
5.0 : Her name is actually Marci Duncan(she just got married) but she is a great professor. She really knows her stuff. Come to class, pay attention and study. Everything she gives you will be on the test. She is very real. She will not hesitate to put you in place. She is very clear on her instructions. overall great professor
5.0 : This is my second class I am taking with this professor. It is a great class and professor all together.
4.0 : You will learn a lot in this class.
4.0 : Bio II is not really that interesting but he makes it fun because of his passion behind it. Very laid back but don't take him for granted. The test are moderately difficult but its very easy to pass.
3.5 : He's an okay professor. He's very funny and he gives you notes to help you do good on the tests. Bring your lab book every class and do your labs and you'll do fine in the class.
3.0 : Professor Haci is an OK professor. You will have lab every class. Test are based off labs &amp; read book also. Test are pretty easy. One lab report do at the end of the semester. Easy class.
5.0 : The best
1.0 : HE SUCKS AS A WHOLE BSC 1010 I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND HIS CLASS TO MY ENEMY, he lectures and does not give any help and will fail you no care in the world , class is extremely tough nothing he says is on the exams and hard to pass dont do it to yourself unless you plan on dropping his class, or failing
5.0 : Prof Haci is one of the best teachers at FAM. By far my favorite prof. Always willing to help students. The material is basic Biology for majors. I'd take this prof. again. Always avail. at office hrs. Aplus
5.0 : I loved Plant Anatomy and Development class. He is very passionate about biology of plants.
5.0 : I have just completed the Lab and it was a great class.  Studied good amount.  Very good syllabus and instructor.
4.0 : Dr. Haci is a very good teacher, he gives you points for your participation  in the class and he doesn't drop any tests. Make sure you study for every test and quiz. But overall, do your homework and you will pass the class.
3.5 : Be sure to read the chapters before class because there is a quiz before every other class. and Follow your syllabus. He's always open to help his students during office hours, and he has an accent.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!! THIS WAS THE EASIEST CLASS EVER LITERALLY.. THIS CLASS WAS SO EASY, IT CONSIST OF 3 EASY QUIZZES AND ONE GROUP LAB REPORT. HE IS VERY LAID BACK AND HE WILL MAKE SURE EVERYONE PASSES THE CLASS JUST DONT TAKE ADVANTAGE! TAKE HIM YOU'LL LOVE HIS CLASS.
3.5 : This class is very tough in my opinion his test and quizzes are really hard if you don't know your stuff don't expect to pass his test but make sure you put the effort in and show him you care and he is more than willing to help you out
4.0 : I mean he's a little difficult to understand, but you can understand him. His class isn't hard. Just show up and listen to what he says at the beginning of class. Read over the labs before the tests and you'll do fine on the exams.
5.0 : Dr. Haci is really cool and corny. He only required us to have our lab books. Take pictures of his notes and review before the tests. Really understanding and helpful. He likes to crack jokes and stuff so entertain him in class and make sure he knows your name, you'll pass easily. and go to every class
5.0 : Best law professor I have ever taken. Gave you exactly what you need not only for class, but also for the exams. Very straightforward and easily accessible. I would highly recommend his class.
5.0 : He is clear about what will be discussed in class, and what is on the final. If you come to class, read, take notes, and meet with him to discuss any questions you have, you should do well in the class. He is not aloof. He cares about his students, and he will meet with them during period, and even on the weekends. He is a professor worth taking.
4.5 : Professor Abate is amazing. He goes out of his way to ensure that his students are learning and makes himself available to them!  If you have the opportunity to have him, take it!
5.0 : Professor Abate is intelligent, caring, and inspirational! He is amazing!  If you are lucky enough to take his class, be prepared for a professional that is full of knowledge!!! He is awesome!
5.0 : Professor Abate is one of the most amazing professors I have ever had. If anyone complains about him it is because they are pure LAZY. He sets you up to succeed in every way. No ifs ands or buts about it. If you participate you will pass. You must always be prepared, he gives discussion questions, no surprises here. He's the real deal.
3.5 : Provides a clear blueprint on what he is looking for and what you need to understand for ConLaw. Relies too heavily on essay considering the bar tests this subject exclusively in multiple choice format. Otherwise, you will be prepared for the Bar. BEWARE - don't get too chummy. His integrity is questionable. Keep it business and be aloof. He is!
4.5 : Pernell, as of now, is the Dean of our Law School.. and I was surprised to find that he is an excellent Professor of Law. He doesn't do the wannabe socratic thing. He takes volunteers, isn't pushy, and makes sure the RULES gets said. Yes.. he's even a tad bit funny. Read the text and take precise notes (Rules baby, rules!). Keep it simple. He does.
5.0 : I've never played an instrument nor did I know how to read music, but she made it understandable for everyone. Practice makes prefect (and you will get a lot of that) and she is also willing to work with you because she understands that some of her students are beginners. She's nice and she makes class fun, she is truly a great teacher.
3.0 : seems a little un organized! but super easy one in class test 2 take home test and final is a skit you do in class.. im not a science person but i made an A+, given the chance id take her as a teacher again
5.0 : Really enjoyed Prof. Nekheba's family law course. She engages the class in structured and thought provoking discussions. Additionally, she gives you everything you need to do well on the final (her lecture notes and prior exam questions are all posted online). Would highly recommend!!!
5.0 : Easy A. Super nice lady, easy grader. Just do the work and get an A. Took her for GERO class. I would take her for every class if I could.
5.0 : GREAT TEACHER! All tests and quizzes are online and you can use your textbook. The lectures are interesting and we watch videos that are relatable to life. TAKE HER!!
4.0 : the class is kinda boring but hes a very knowledgable professor but pay attention he throws in questions on the test from different stories or points he makes in class. Tests are too difficult if you pay attention and do some studying. Start on the project early it's kinda time consuming last minute
3.0 : Lord this was one BORING class! You will only get out of the class what you take. I was excited to take the course, but he realLy is just that boring. :/ The class is easy enough though, reading is helpful but its mostly defintion assessments. Pay attention to links &amp; videos, be on time, you straight! :)
4.0 : Am I the only one that thinks he's kinda attractive? well maybe just when he smiles. But anyway, his class is not hard at all. He knows his stuff and he is pretty clear with his way of explaining things. He is very anal and picky. Very organized in terms of class structure and he is always on point with communicating his expectations.
4.0 : He takes attendance every day so go to class. He lectures during class about the chapters in the book expecting you to have already read the material. He equips you with videos to watch before each test based on the material which are really helpful.
5.0 : Outstanding
5.0 : EASIEST CLASS EVER! Don't buy the book it's not needed.  The test comes from her lectures.  Each test is on blackboard and she gives you two tries to take it.  No hw or quizzes. Attendance isn't mandatory, but if you miss a lecture the tests might be difficult for you.  She's hilarious and very passionate about this subject.
5.0 : this class is pretty easy, take great notes, try to engage because she isn't a boring teacher, pass the exams that she puts up on blackboard and you should pass the class. Attendance is helpful to know the notes. Interesting class. Take it.
5.0 : Dr. Metzger is a great teacher, I recommend you take her class because she will explain everything. Take notes and listen to her lectures. You won't need a book because she will expect you to take notes and also their is a group project at the end of the semester, its very easy. She was very interesting and I sat in the front for a reason.
3.0 : FALL 2015: Everything is online. She doesn't like a quiet class so try to participate here and there. Attendance is mandatory because her notes will help you for the test. No book was required. She only takes attendance for the first two meetings. SHE DOES NOT LIKE TO REPEAT HER SELF AND DONT ASK HER WHEN THE TESTS ARE. ITS IN THE SYLLABUS.
5.0 : I LOVE Metzger she is one of the best teachers at FAMU. Lectures that she is passionate about get a lil intense but that's only because she cares I passed with an A all test are online and take notes you should be fine.
4.0 : Her class is pretty easy as long as you do the work.
5.0 : Metzger is one of the nicest and smartest teachers you'll have. Her class is very easy and her lectures are fun showing up isn't really mandatory but you will learn alot in a very fun way. All test are online and there is no class on test days .
5.0 : Taken Summer 16; Online class and the best class to take if you can not handle a workload of homework and quizzes. You can email her if you have any problems might not get a response back but it doesn't hurt to try lol Her work is manageable but do not fall behind. I would recommend her online course to any student, its hard to fail
5.0 : I love Dr Metzger, she is awesome! Don't miss out on the class she's one of the best teachers at Famu. Attendance is mandatory because she will give you extra credit as the semester prolongs. She is very passionate about what she does!
4.0 : Great Professor. Very insightful. Learned so much!
5.0 : This man is a great person and professor. He makes sure you get the info you need to pass the class and the bar. Love him to pieces!
4.5 : Database systems is one of those classes people take more than once. He hates cellphones in the classroom. Read the book and  ask questions.  Go to class and come with questions from the text. He is really good at breaking down complex topics. Student usually goes to his office a lot to ask questions.  Very helpful if you he sees you trying.
4.5 : I took him in the fall and I didnt know what to expect since I heard his class was hard.. My most challenging part was the SQL but  I realize I was just not putting any effort in. I ended up with a B in the class but I shoulda made an A. Also, DON'T USE YOUR CELLPHONE IN CLASS! Lol.  I like Professor Pyne though, he is fair.
4.5 : Very  laid back about everything except your grades. He  helps students by giving lots of extra credit. I missed a lot of classes due to basketball but I went to his office and he was very helpful. The class is not hard, or easy you just get what you put into it.  I think students fail cuz  they are just lazy. He will call out the slackers.
4.5 : My favorite professor. No tutor for the course but very helpful and approachable when you go to his office. Enforces late policy at times. Can be moody but I think that's just his attitude towards the the ones that try to slide without doing any work. Mr. Pyne is cool. Don' t miss assignments or too many classes.  Assignments will save you!
4.5 : I made that A. The course is technical course if you know what I mean.  A bunch of SQL that you have to review on weekly. I went by his office and that helped. He don't BS so do the work and keep the phone off.I would take him again.  Don't try to skate through the class.  smart professor.  Down to earth but he will still flunk ya
3.0 : Mr. Pyne is actually a good professor despite what these reviews say. If you read the book and try you should pass the class. By reading the book I mean reading in depth and actually taking notes. His test are very specific and so are the pop quizzes that you will more than likely have once a week. Overall I was satisfied with this class.
4.5 : I took his class Summer 2015 while on my internship. Best decision ever made. Make sure to take good notes from the book and ask questions during the online lectures if you do not understand. Be sure to do the homework and participate. GO to CLASS even through it was online attendance matters.
5.0 : I took him over the summer while I was also attending baseball camp. Treats you fairly and will work with you if you don't try to play him. Calls out the slackers in class which is always funny. Try to do well the first half of the semester and don't wait until the last few weeks of school.  Stay off your phone, he remembers stuff life that
3.0 : Very cool, laid back Jamaican guy! Very understandable and straight to the point. I didn't take it seriously until the end. If i would've put in as much studying and focus as I did for the final, I would have gotten an A for sure. Make sure you read the chapters weekly and know your stuff. STAY OFF YOUR PHONE IN CLASS; he WILL doc your grade.
2.5 : Most people get a C. You have to go to his office hours a lot to not fail. Looks out for females not so much for guys
4.0 : The class is heavily based on memory. You just have to know the material in the book. He gives pop quizzes so always keep up with the information you are learning and review the material before each test. Tests are hard if you don't know the little details. But the professor is very chill, he's very passionate about technology. Stay off your phones
5.0 : HE IS AMAZING I TOOK HIM SPRING 2015 AND HE HAS 4 EXAM AND DEPANEDING ON YOUR SCORE ON THE FIRST 3 THE 4TH ONE IS NOT MANDATORY ITS AN BOOST GRADE IT WANT HURT YOU IF YOU DONT TAKE IT. YOU MUST GO TO CLASS TO PASS THOUGH ATTENDANCE IS MANDORTORY HE DONT GIVE HOMEWORK JUST TALK EVERY CLASS AND GIVE 4 EXAMS.. REALLY EASY GRADE I PASSED WITH AN A
5.0 : I enjoyed Botany because he lectures and presents very good pictures on what will be on the test. Pay attention in class and make sure you show up to class everyday. He counts attendance at the end of the semester. Make sure you ask questions after class because it can be difficult to talk to him in his office or email.
5.0 : Great and funny teacher. No book required and attendance is apart of your grade. I totally recommend this teacher!
4.0 : He lectures everyday and attendance counts. He rambles a lot and sometimes it's hard to stay focused. I suggest buying the book and just reading the chapters and following the study guide he gives. That's what I did, and I got an easy A. The final is optional. He also tries to help is students out as much as he can. Take him!
5.0 : Best Professor on the campus! Keeps it real EVERY TIME!
5.0 : It's impossible to fail honestly. The study guides are basically the test and his homework assignments are only like 1 page papers. On top of that there's a 5 page paper that's 20 extra credit points. He relates the material to real world stuff and keeps the class very interesting. Very funny and cool guy take him if you can!
5.0 : Class is easy and fun. no homework and a few projects. If he sees that your putting effort and trying he will help you. the class is entertaining.
5.0 : absolutely love him! great professor
5.0 : Professor Stevenson is the coolest and funniest professor at FAMU. For every lecture you guys do in class he has a story to go with it. You wont get bored in this class TRUST ME. Plus he gives you the study guide which is the same thing as the TEST. Professor Stevenson will teach you some interesting stuff that you didn't know existed.
5.0 : Please take him. His assignments are simple and straight to the point. He gives extra credit at the end of the semester. He is funny and makes class interesting.
5.0 : I'm telling you now, TAKE HIM! I am taking him this semester and this is my second time taking psychology after I dropped the course. Class is NEVER boring, he tells stories, cracks jokes, walks around, dance, curse, EVERYTHING to capture your attention. The assignments are easy, and the study guides are the test. (Literally).... TAKE HIM!!!!!!!!!!
4.5 : Absolute BEST decision of my life. You don't have to come to class, but you'd want too since his lectures are EVERYTHING. Most laid back class ever with the chillest dude ever. Few test that you won't be able to fail if you tried (Study Guide Verbatim). &amp; @ home quizzes  A . Nothing below a B in this class without effort. I'd take again anyday!
5.0 : Easiest A i got in college. he is a great professor.  His test comes straight from the study guide and you actually learn in His class. what more could you ask for ?
5.0 : He is a very funny professor. He lets us listen to music during a test. Post powerpoints and study guides that covers the whole test. Very easy class
4.0 : THE BEST MATH PROFESSOR AT FAMU TAKE HER!!!!!!!! SHE CARE!!!!!!!!!!!
5.0 : BEST MATH TEACHER! She has an accent but you can still understand clearly. Her lectures consist of writing notes on the board and giving examples. If you are confused she helps so much and has flexible office hours if you need extra help. MyMathLab helps you understand so much and her tests are basic if you study and understand the material well
5.0 : She is the teacher to take. I do not even like math, but I'm doing so well in this class. She give you 3 test to take in class, 1 take home test. There is a required final, but it is take home also. Let's you have a 1 page cheat sheet for every test. So easy I made 100s or 105s on every test. And as I stated earlier, I do not like math.
5.0 : BEST MATH TEACHER EVER HANDS DOWN!!!! She is such a caring professor and is always there to help you whether its you struggling before a test or just need extra help.
4.0 : I love Professor Ouma. She's extremely helpful. You have to buy MyMathLab, but  she only requires you to do some of the MyMathLab quizzes and homework, not all. You don't have to take the final if you have an A in the class leading up to the final. She drops the lowest test grade. She has a thick accent, but she's understandable. Sweet lady.
5.0 : Ouma is amazing and her class is easy. I would suggest buying a scientific calculator such as Ti83 and up and your life will be easier. Her lectures on blackboard and she opens up my mathlab at the end. She allows a cheat sheet on test days and you can retake one test at the end of the semester.
5.0 : Her class is very manageable. 4 tests, homework and quizzes for each chapter. 2 of the test online and last one is take home. Easy A
1.5 : I took this class as a transfer student. Professor Ouma is very difficult to understand verbally and she is very  fast with the material.  Her Handwriting was not easy to read for note taking. Ouma doesn't get you interested in the material its basically notes, and self teaching on math lab. I withdrew and took this course with a much easier prof.
5.0 : Dr. Ouma is a great Professor. The best professor I have since I started at FAMU. She doesn't mind answering questions, nor helping. Attendance is very important!
5.0 : She is a great professor! As long as you come to class, she'll explain the content well and you will pass. Just do the homework and her class activities. Her study guides are just like the test.  It's much easier if you have a TI-84 calculator.
5.0 : great easy teacher. helps u understand the material .doesn't keep u long. With my class all but 1 exam was takehome. 7 exams .The final could replace ur lowest exam. not sure if attendance was an issue. u will have mylab. No need for a textbook if u take notes. Stil  go becuz if u try to learn frm the pwpt youl be lost. keep ur testnotes 4 final
5.0 : Ms. ouma is great. She will help in every way possible for you to pass. Gives one take home exam and one online test. If the class doesn't do good as a whole she will let you do it over or give you points to boost your grade. She's very caring &amp; sweet. Take her!
5.0 : TAKE HER! She lectures well, gives the answers to class activity, gives grades for attendance. Connect math was due at the end of the semester. Do your part and you'll pass the class!
1.5 : I found her to be subtly condescending, and needlessly pompous. She seemed to find herself smarter and more talented than I did.
5.0 : Not sure how the previous rating was "found" 2 years after she stopped teaching... but she was good.
5.0 : Take her !!! She is the absolute best.
5.0 : I took her for online advanced medical terminology and it was literally the easiest class I've took since I've been in college-- and I just graduated! The work was really easy and I finished all of it in less than 2 weeks! if this class is available, take it! Easy A and I actually learned :)
5.0 : I took her class online and finished it in three weeks! Start the assignments asap and get it out of the way. EASY A! TAKE HER CLASS ONLINE!
5.0 : Professor Bailey is an awesome instructor. He schedules his office hours several times a week, and will do more if you ask him. Great experience. I respect math now.
5.0 : Could've had an A but wasn't really trying that hard until the 3rd or 4th test. If you get an A on exam he would just give you that grade tho. But he gives a lot of extra credit and after every test he let you take it home to fix the wrong answers and if you work it out and get them right he gives you half the points for it . TAKE HIM
5.0 : He is a very good teacher.He makes everything easy to understand. I dont even like math but i liked his class. Just make sure you do your work and come to class and you'll pass
5.0 : Mr.Bailey is the BEST math teacher I have ever had. Coming into college not really a math person and having Mr.Bailey gave me a whole new respect for math. He is very good at his job. I reccommend him very HIGHLY!
5.0 : MY FIRST A IN MATH! he broke it down and taught it step by step always there to help after class, and he lets you do test corrections! Im trying to find him for Statics now lol
5.0 : Mr. Bailey is AMAZING! He is the BEST math professor at FAMU! TAKE HIM !!!!
3.5 : tunAdam is a great professor you can tell he loves what he do. Do your math lab it is something he looks at when time to average your grades. If you have to take this course he requires you to get a 70% in the course, and you have to score a 70% on the exam to pass. HE GIVES YOU EVERY OPPORTUNITY to pass.
1.0 : Very Difficult.
5.0 : If Mr. Bailey could be my professor for all math courses I would choose him over anyone. Mr. Bailey is amazing. He groups the chp t/g then gives a test. You have to purchase MyMathLab which is where you complete all hmwk, quiz etc. He offers extra credit ALL the time. There is no way you can fail this class. He stays after class as well if you ask.
4.5 : An easy class to take! Sometimes he has his days when he doesn't want to be there anymore than you do, but overall he's a great teacher. If you do MyMathLab and pay attention you won't fail!
5.0 : He helps make sure that students understand the material. He's easy to talk to if you don't understand the material and explains it in a way that makes sense. The textbook and homework is online as well as his study guides for the test. He goes over few problems test day that you have questions about from the study guide. DO THE TEST CORRECTIONS!!!
4.0 : Professor Bailey is great . All you have to do is do great on my math lab and do your test corrections . He gives out a lot of chances so you shouldn't fail his class .
4.0 : Good teacher. Gives a lot of homework and doesn't take late work. Class is relatively easy. Make sure you get 100% on all homeworks and quizzes. It's helpful. Exams are just like the review sheets he goes over the review sheet right before the exam too. DO THE EXTRA CREDIT AND TEST CORRECTIONS ITS WORTH IT. Passed class with a 89% , Passed exam 85%
4.0 : great pacer.
4.0 : I pass and I hate math, I was terrified of college algebra and went in there with a mindset of failing, but he helped me. He showed me how to solve the problem step by step and is willing to work with you.
3.0 : Originally an understanding professor ,however, taking him again for a different class was a different experience...
5.0 : I love Professor Bailey. Hes very clear, and wont stop until hes sure you understand. Do the homework and quizzes! Nothing to it. If you dont know ASK. He allows you to attend another class for extra help.
5.0 : Mr. Bailey is a great professor. Always there to help, teaches clearly, and study guides are just like the test.
5.0 : Out of all the math teachers i took thus far, Mr. Bailey is at the top of my list. Literally explains everything to the tea. You got to work for it to pass the class, there is no leeway whatsoever. All you have to do is pass your mathlab, and pass your exams. He gives out extra credit to those who need it big time.
4.5 : He is the best. Very clear
4.5 : MrBailey is the best math professor He gives his students many chances to pass his class After we take an exam he will give it back and you can do TEST CORRECTIONS its not mandortory Take your exams to the MATH LAB ask anyone to help you on the test corrections He gives you extra credit by going to events at school Overall he is great
3.0 : When completing assignments make sure to do them EXACTLY how he asks. Tests are tough because there is a short time limit, but most of the questions are online. Get to know him, have conversations with him, show him that you are trying and he will help you. Attendance isn't mandatory but GO. Offers extra credit.
4.5 : Professor Harris seems tougher than what he is. But DO NOT DROP HIS CLASS. No matter what. Attendance is not mandatory but if he knows your name and face he will pass you. My original grade was an F, I accumulated enough extra credit to get an A. DO NOT DROP HIS CLASS
4.0 : Professor Harris is GREAT. He's very understanding and is willing to work with you. Attendance is not checked because "It's your coins." He's very knowledgeable and loves what he does! If you're not a morning person then you might want to reconsider.
4.0 : Professor Harris is by far one of the best teachers I've had so far. The book is essential to passing his class, but he gives tons of extra credit and works with you as long as you communicate. Also, his lectures are great and it makes you look at things differently (referring to black society as a whole).
1.0 : Do not take him if you're not going to teach yourself. He gives you online tests with a lot of questions but not enough time so you either have to guess or get them wrong. There is no way to take notes because he goes off track in lectures. Only way to pass is extra credit, wouldn't take again.
5.0 : If you have an A, B or C at the end of the semester he will bump you to an A. If you have a D he will bump you to a C. But if you have a F there's no hope for you. He lectures (he's really EXTRA), gives a few writing assignments, and provide test through blackboard. Just do your part and you'll pass.
5.0 : If anyone says he is hard, its because they didn't try at all. He is very energetic,  and very passionate about what he teaches. VERY funny, and understand.  He gives SOOOO much extra credit, and he doesn't take attendance every day. But dont a student that never came to class... because then he gets reluctant to help. He's good to his students.
5.0 : HE IS AMAZING! A GIFT FROM GOD! I LEARNED SO MUCH AND GAINED A WIDER SENSE OF SOCIETY!
4.5 : Kyle Harris is amazing, he is truly a blessing sent from God ! it may seem like your failing, but attend as much extra credit as you can!!!! He gives SO MUCH extra credit!!!!! I would take him for all my classes if I could. Attendance is not mandatory so you don't have to come to class. BUT make sure he knows who you are ! MAJOR KEY!
4.5 : Professor Harris is the most caring professor I have ever had. He's young, understanding and brilliant. His Exams are tough, but he offers so many extra credit opportunities that it's impossible to fail unless one simply doesn't care. He even asks what you think you deserve in the class at the end of the semester.
5.0 : He is extra fun. This class is a joy to come to everyday this class gave me life go to his office hours. He does take attendance sometimes not everyday. The test are very long 85 questions in one hour sometimes. Read the chapters and write the essays and see him during his office hours he doesn't want you to fail or make the class extra hard.
5.0 : Amazing   I Had Professor Harris as an 8am. He doesn't take attendance so I Barely Went because it's an 8 am... there were 2 major papers. The book wasn't used just take notes on lectures. All Test online so you can look up the answers. I passed With a "B"
5.0 : He's really an attention grabber and keeps you engaged. I absolutely love his class.
5.0 : This was my best class during my summer b term. He's very energetic and passionate about what he teaches, this class opened my eyes to the society we live in.  As long as you attend class and take notes during the lectures you'll do fine. KEEP IN CONTACT WITHOUT HIM THROUGHOUT THE SEMESTER. He's very understanding to things.
5.0 : Professor Harris is great. Come to class although he doesn't take attendance he will remember your face at the end. Test are hard, but read the book you will be fine do what you are suppose to. Doesn't want you to fail.
5.0 : Highly recommend .
3.0 : Super nice and young.
1.5 : I don't understand how he got all of those nice comments. RUN AWAY. I've never had difficulty in any class until taking this man. He says he doesn't "do drama" yet chewed us out every class. He was also late to every class and constantly told us "I don't mind failing you" or "go ahead and withdraw." His lectures are funny but off topic most days.
3.0 : Professor Harris is overall a fairly decent professor! He makes his expectations clear and will work with you. He works to provide the necessary resources and guidance to succeed in his class. Some of the doctrine taught is questionable, and frankly I did not appreciate some of the charged comments he made. Overall, however, he's a nice professor.
5.0 : Mr. Harris is the funniest most chill teacher ever. He's always full of energy (if you'e not the kind of person to handle perky people in the morning then reconsider) but he's fair about attendance and grades so don't drop his class. He gives extra credit and once he knows your name and face you're set.
3.5 : super funny. his lectures are somewhat relevant to the subject matter but it is a reading then test only class. (no study guides, homework assignments or quizzes)
5.0 : I LOVE HIM ! He is very funny and straight toward! He gives plenty extra credit ! He doesn't take attendance . But he's lectures and personality make you want to go ! I laughed all the time in his class
5.0 : The things this man will do for you if you just come to class. One of my favorite enlightened teachers, who holds very intriguing intellectual conversations.
5.0 : This man is the most passionate professor I've ever come across. And you can tell him Moore said that! He is a little all over the place when it comes to lectures and extremely playful but you will leave his class a more informed student, that's certain.
5.0 : Kyle Harris is by far one of the best teachers you can take at FAMU. He is truly a blessing. Attendance is not important, like he says "we're grown."  He also does any and everything to help you pass. Take him for as much classes as possible.
4.0 : This teacher honestly makes history fun! Being a proud HBCU professor he makes sure that his black pride shines and that everyone is appreciative of their melanin. I learned so much history that high school teachers wouldn't dare to touch on. He is hilarious and makes it easy to get an A as long as you make the effort to receive it.
1.5 : Avoid taking him! He never stays on topic &amp; hes full of drama. You'll have to teach yourself in order to pass. All test are online.
5.0 : I had the pleasure of taking both AFA 3104 and WOH 1012 with Professor Harris. He conveys his expectations of his students at the beginning of the semester. His vibrant, outspoken, and unapologetic nature helped me blossom into an enhanced version of myself inside and outside of the classroom. Thank you for being unapologetically "Kyle X"!
5.0 : Goat
5.0 : Okay Mr. Harris is the best teacher to take for social sciences classes if you have the chance. He gives 5 exams but also gives enough extra credit to help your grades.
5.0 : Absolutely awesome professor. Is very caring and will work with you for you to get a good grade in his class. You can't fail this class unless you don't come at all or do the few papers he does. He gives 4 exams(midterm in class; he doesn't drop that grade) &amp; all the answers can be found online. His class is funny as hell.
1.5 : Makes a group me but does not answer to anyone except girls. Does not answer emails. Three exams and lots of assignments, is very late with grading and gives little feedback but does not answer any questions. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!!
2.0 : He's a very hard grader ! I wouldn't take his online class. Take it on campus if you want to pass or another teacher.
5.0 : Very smooth online course. There will be a set of assignments and a test due every month. Assignments and test are fairly easy. Professor is always available through e-mail. This course will bring the inner theater major out of you! Great professor!
2.0 : Expects a lot out of you and will make you work for a straightforward answer out of him.
5.0 : Hey is a really cool and chill professor. A lot of the work we did was hands on. The only thing would be to be prepared to draw a lot during this class. But other than that I highly recommend him.
5.0 : The class is super fun! Really hands on &amp; you learn a lot about what goes into stage craft. He's super inspirational &amp; will always listen if you're willing to communicate anything to him. COME TO CLASS! It's hands on so it's not boring but if you don't participate, you won't pass. The main thing I can say is try your hardest to do GOOD work!
5.0 : Great professor! He really cares about his students!  Stay on top of your workload and you'll be fine! Some interesting assignments along the way!
4.0 : real cool professor..very helpful, easy assignments...a month between assignments due
5.0 : Thorough, Inspiring, Organized, Excellent Class/Teacher, Caring, Insightful, Very Knowledgable, One of the best teachers I have had, PERIOD! You will learn!! You must do your work! Group and individual projects. What an awesome guy!! I hope to be like him someday! Sooo laid back and ultra cool!! I will miss this class!
5.0 : Amazing Professor, Very Informative class, Hands on, Extremely Helpful, God-Fearing. Lateness is NOT tolerated. He has inspired me to take initiative and step out of my comfortzone. He is passionate about his work! you put in the effort and shall receive an A. I've taken him for Production Lab as well. WORTH THE HARD WORK!
5.0 : Amazing Professor! It will require work but if you care about academics on the collegiate level then you truly wont have a problem:). I learned a lot and loved the course. My only regret is that I took it online. I wouldve really enjoyed this course in person ! :) :) :)
5.0 : Wonderful professor! So helpful and really has a passion for what he teaches. You must do work but assignment are very interesting and fun to do. With a little hard work you will receive your A :)
5.0 : Professor Arana is amazing. I was very nervous about taking a online class but he made it a good experience for me. Doing your work on time is a must but he gives you plenty of time and deadlines to meet. It is definitely a class that is good for people who have busy schedules. Take him!!!!
5.0 : I can't express enough how amazing professor Ruben is. By far one of the best individuals teaching at Florida A&amp;M University. If you have the opportunity to take him don't hesitate on it!
5.0 : Very helpful teacher! Work was not hard, but required you to use your book!
4.5 : He was a wonderful professor, he made the class easy &amp; was always willing to work with his students.
5.0 : I would advise that like any class you just do the work and you will pass. Very relaxed and understanding professor, easy to communicate with! There are really fun assignments and the deadlines are reasonable.
5.0 : It doesn't get any easier than this man
4.0 : Professor Arana is very passionate about his craft. I respect him.
5.0 : He was vet good. All of his instructions were clear and he assigns work In sets. The class is easy if you do the work and follow directions. He is a fair grader.
5.0 : If you have a chance to take professor Ruben Arana definitely take his courses. He is very knowledgeable in the theatre field and the assignments are actually fun.
5.0 : Easy !!!!! As long as you do your work
5.0 : The class is hands on and inexpensive. However, it is highly essential to pay attention, part of paying attention is being be in attendance in class.
5.0 : He's a great professor and easily accesible. The only way to fail is if you don't even try.
5.0 : Great class. Work load is very tolerable and not too challenging. Extra credit is offered throughout the semester and also at the end so you can get your grade to where you want it to be.
5.0 : He is so funny! This class is an easy A! The work is doable and isn't very difficult! He is easy to talk to and completely understanding.
5.0 : Loved this class. If you can take it online do it! It's so much fun. Love this professor.
5.0 : I took this class online and did all of my assignments the day they were due and passed the class with an A. He gives many chances for extra credit and I would recommend the class to anyone.
5.0 : Don't be late and just complete your assignments ... Simple enough. And don't be afraid to ask questions for clarity (it will save you).
5.0 : This is a great professor! He is caring, always available in his office, and he is up to date on all the latest technology. Pay attention in class. If you can not come to class and it is a legit excuse he will work with you. Make sure you have an official excuse from the dean.
5.0 : Everything is there for you too use on Wordpress and with the group me he was readily available and gave quick responses. Furthermore, he would give an reminder of upcOming assignments for those who had May have forgot. he is truly a teacher who has students best interest at heart.
4.5 : Great teacher! Makes his expectations very clear. Plenty of time to complete assignments   Do the work and you'll be fine!
5.0 : A very wonderful teacher. Very clear and concise. He makes you want to take another class with him. Very encouraging and he cares about his students. Do your work and you will pass his class.
5.0 : Great professor, very helpful and always there for questions and clarification. I would definitely take him again
4.5 : Scenic design was an opportunity to step out of my comfort zone and expand myself.  As an artist, the class encouraged me to think outside of the box and be more creative in all of the things i do. I'd definitely recommend this class to anyone who has the desire to learn more about themselves while through creating.
5.0 : one of the best professors there is! Literally. His class isn't hard but you have to pay attention or you'll be completely lost. He gives you EVERYTHING you need so there is no reason to be confused or lost if you pay attention and come to class. He uses GroupMe so you'll always be able to contact him! Attendance is MANDATORY! I enjoyed the class!
5.0 : Wonderful professor, he cares  and is extremely helpful. I would easily take him again. Best professor I've had at FAMU.
3.5 : I took intro to theatre online, I took it as an elective and it was work. It was fun but it was work there is 1 project and 1 test every month that you met submit. He grades hard so actually do the work its not hard at all just time consuming. However , I did learn a lot about theatre.
5.0 : Chin is tough, but he is also very fair.  After Tim White, he is the best professor in the FAMU Architecture program.
4.0 : Her reputation precedes her.  Professor Reyes is an asset to FAMU COL.  She follows the Socratic Method, but also lectures and more importantly teaches you the Federal Rules of Evidence.  Students need to learn to be more respectful to law professors.  Respect given is respect gained.  She is a great teacher!
5.0 : Take her!  My upper level experience was amazing and that was because of Professor Reyes! The class is small which allows a lot of one on one time with a great professor. If you did not understand the bluebook you will definitely not be afraid of it or confused after you take this class. She shares her academic background as well as culture.
5.0 : You need to know evidence, so you need to take Professor Reyes! Don't let the "rumors" fool you, she is worth every penny of your tuition. If you want to learn and be treated like an adult,  take her. She has zero tolerance for games, being unprepared or in her words " you are not adequately prepared ". She tells you what she wants and how.
5.0 : Incredible person and professor. I learned so much in her class and would absolutely take the course again. The discussions were so enlightening  and full of depth. I truly enjoyed it.
5.0 : I took Professor Reyes twice during law school, and she is amazing. You will definitely work hard, but it's sooooo worth it. She's very fair and very passionate. She knows her stuff and is willing to help her students in any way she can. GREAT PROFESSOR!
5.0 : Great instructor, gives extra credit,  drops lowest test score in the end, and is actually pretty funny. You will definitely have to do alot of studying to pass this course but i would take her again.
5.0 : BEST professor ever!
5.0 : Dr. Reneau is literally the best biology lab professor. Take her!!! She is so sweet and very caring about your grade!! She's awesome!!
4.5 : I don't really like her teaching style but at the end of the day Dr. Reneau really looks after her students. I failed 2 of 4 tests one with a 45% &amp;&amp; the other with a 55% she dropped our lowest test grade in the end. Take the quizzes seriously they help ALOT! I got a 96.5% A in the class. The tests are awful but she does all she can to help.
4.5 : She's very nice! As long as you do the work you should pass. The test seem hard at first but if you study the power-points you can pass. She gives extra credit quizzes and she dropped our lowest test grade. She's playful and very helpful. Start off strong.
4.0 : i love her. take her if you have the chance
3.5 : HONESTLY THE TESTS ARE HARD BUT AS LONG AS YOU DO YOUR NOTEBOOKS AND DO WELL ON THE QUIZZES YOU SHOULD END UP WITH A "C". THE QUIZZES AREN'T MANDATORY AND ARE USED FOR EXTRA CREDIT POINTS. TO PREPARE FOR THE TESTS MAKE SURE YOU KNOW THE SPECIMENS STRUCTURE AND HOW THE LOOK UNDER MICROSCOPES. THE TESTS ARE PRACTICALS
5.0 : I love Dr. Reneau! She is funny, sweet, and an amazing professor. She's honest with her students and has a keen eye. She sees who really works and those that do not. She understands her students and never wants anyone to fail. Bio II lab is hard no matter who you take for it, but Dr. Reneau is the best. And, class usually lasts about an hour.
5.0 : Great Teacher. I had her for for BSC Lab. Just keep your notebook up to date and study for exams. do good on the quiz and you'll pass
4.0 : I have good understanding of this because my worst subject in high school was biology. But, Dr. Reneau is very helpful and she puts the work on Blackboard so that her class is informed. She has a very good spirit and sweet personality, especially for an 8 am, which is not my best time. I do thank my advisor for having this teacher.
4.5 : Don't be discourage if you don't start off too great in her class because of her test . Trust me I had an F at first but ended up with an A before the finals because I found out her little secret to her test. Just study and READ!
5.0 : LOVE HER. If you can please take her. She's a great professor. She understand us college students and the struggle we go through so she'll help you through if you ask for help. PLEASE participate in class, she notice who participate and who doesn't. She's nice not stupid, so don't try to take advantage of her kindness. Take her please she's BEST!!
2.5 : I really like Dr. Reneau because she is a very nice lady, although she is very difficult in certain aspects. But, I wish I could understand her teaching style, although I was not too happy with my final grade in her class.
3.0 : If you can take Katum, however Dr. Reneau is very nice. But her test are so hard that it is crazy. Many people maybe only passed once test and still came out with a C. Quizzes are extra credit points. Its lab so you kinda have to attend.
4.5 : A great teacher! He is hilarious and I recommended him to everyone. Of course class can get a bit boring at times, but you have to admit that is with every class. This man is awesome. I loved this class that had so much participation in it. the debates were awesome. He really enjoys what he does.
5.0 : The best amh professor at Famu. I feel bad for you if you can't take his course.
4.5 : Really nice teacher. He is really passionate about what he teaches.
5.0 : His class is easy. if you py attention and participate there is no way you won't get an A. Test are based on notes and his lectures. His test are simple and quick to the point. Participate in class!
5.0 : I must say, Dr. Daniels is one of the better professors I've taken at Famu. His class is not hard as long as you pay attention and study for his tests. We had a couple quizzes based on notes that were cake and the final was optional if you had an A oin the class. He is a cutie too, that's probably why I came to class. lol
5.0 : Show up and pass
4.5 : Professor is amazing and I would   recommend any one to take him.
5.0 : Awesome professor, he will help you as long as you put forth the required amount of effort. He's very knowledgeable about what he is teaching and overall he is one of the better professors at FAMU. Oh, and he's very pleasant to the eyes lol...!
5.0 : Professor Daniels is the best. His classes are not hard but you may need to study for his exams. He only gives one or two. If you are searching for an easy A or you just need an elective, take him.
5.0 : Professor. Daniels class is very simple. His passion is war and religion which he will discuss much through out the semester. Come to class and participate! You will not need to buy a book or take many tests. He will give a mid-term and final (optional). Take his class if you're interested in political science as an elective.
4.0 : I like his class very much, you don't  need a book. You will watch a lot of videos and just come to class.
5.0 : The best psychology teacher at FAMU. Her study guides are the same as the test!
5.0 : Easiest Professor at FAMU. If he gets to know you its a guaranteed A! Speak in his class make sure he knows you. He is very helpful and understanding!. Everyone should take his class!
4.0 : Beard is one of the best professors at FAMU. He's funny, a lot of his exams are online (EASY), and he'll throw you some extra credit if you need it. The only negative thing about him is that during his lecture he'll go off topic every now and again, but if you care about getting that A? TAKE HIM! Smoothest psych professor you'll ever find.
5.0 : The Best PSY Teacher at FAMU even though he goes off topic most of the time just pay attention to what he says everything has a reason and a purpose
5.0 : Best Professor everrrrrrrr !!!!!! seriously Take him. You will not regret it !
5.0 : BEST Teacher At FAMU Hands Down!!!!!! HILARIOUS and very concerning. Make sure he knows you and participate in class and you'll surely get an "A". If you receive anything below a "B" you should not be in college. Although, he is big on attendance try to show up as much as you can. I Would DEFINETLY recommend anyone to take him.
5.0 : Listen. Professor Beard is the best professor on FAMU's campus. I don't care who you've had this is the best one. He is so funny and relates everything back to the lesson. You'll have a good time and learn. Made an A. Most test online. TAKE HIM.
5.0 : NO LIE THE BEST PSYCHOLOGY PROFESSOR! HE IS SO FUNNY! GET TO KNOW HIM HES A COOL GUY FORREAL. GOT AN A IN THE CLASS. NO BOOK REQUIRED TAKE GOOD NOTES.
1.0 : I wouldn't recommend anyone take her she is very nice nasty, she makes a whole bunch of study sessions outside of class and does not show up for any, she's very behind on what she does so you really wont know your grade until everything the semester is fully over, and she always claiming somethings wrong with her, nd she takes mathlab very serious
4.0 : If you come to class, take notes and study you will pass. do the math lab. she tries to help outside of class but not really.
5.0 : During her class, she is very up front about what she expects from students. She loves when students attend office hours so you can receive extra help. Just do all the math labs and take notes you should be good.  She really cares about her students so put in effort for everything.
3.0 : She is very mean, you can text her or even email her and she will not reply back to you. Yes she cares about her student and gives plenty of chances for you not to fail. Only stupid about her class is that if you fail the exam you will get an "U".
4.5 : she is very nice and she tries hard to make sure you understand the material. make sure she knows who you are, she will try and help you out.
4.5 : I liked Prof Gipson. She's funny, real, and quite helpful. You will have to do MathLab but she's the best, and doesn't require a whole lot. We had 4 tests and a final. I went to her office hours once and she really looked out for me from then on. Take her!
4.0 : Veryyyyyy Funny!! She's the coolest of them all no doubt! Her class is super easy!
5.0 : Take her for every math class you have at  FAMU
5.0 : One of the best math teachers I've had!
5.0 : she was the best teacher ever !
5.0 : She's a great professor who really cares for her students!
5.0 : Great teacher, pay attention, take notes! She's funny and genuinely cares about your well being.
4.0 : Mrs. Haugabrook is an amazing teacher she funny, and caring, and she will be quick to tell you about yourself if you act up
4.5 : Ms. Haugabrook is my favorite math teacher at FAMU. She is exceptionally fun and will make you laugh if she likes the class. You must come to class and write notes or she will kick you out. The class is not hard at all, we had a total of 5 chapter tests and a final exam.. SHE IS NOT HARD. I am taking her again for MAT28 because she was so good.
5.0 : If I could take her for every math class I had to take at FAMU, I would. She's very nice and laid back. She also cares about her students and will not allow you to fail. Take her for MAT 18 and 28, she definitely looks out for you.
4.0 : I love Dr. Marshal ! She lectures on everything so clearly and really tells you exactly what you need to know to care for the pt. Her tests are straight forward and most of what she lectures. She is always there in her office when you need her and responds promptly to emails. Amazing instructor !!
5.0 : I took Professor Marbes' Professional Responsibility Class at Barry Law and found her to be compassionate, welcoming, highly professional, amazingly informative, and very interactive with the students. Take it from a former professor, she is the real deal.
4.5 : Dr. Charles is very amazing wih her life. She relates her life and school life to the content of the class. Class is discussion not lecture. Participate in discussion, complete milestones for the project and do skits. Exams aren't easy though so read the book. Book is online. Class is fun for most part
5.0 : Class was super easy!!! Show up and take good notes. The test are straight from your notes and review game. There is one monologue you have to preform being 1:30 seconds and for your final its a final group presentation
4.5 : Very easy class. I hate speaking in front of a lot of people especially acting in front of people. I use to dread this class because of it. But it's really not bad. Do everything she assigns and you will get an A! I didn't have a book and missed about 5 days and still earned an A by doing EVERYTHING ! &amp; she offers extra credit!
5.0 : Prof. Rivas is AMAZING !!! Take her class !! Easy easy easy! And she is very passionate about this topic. Very interactive class.
5.0 : Very understanding and he cares.  I love Mr. McPherson.  Had him last semester. I passed with a C but it was my fault. Do your assignments.
5.0 : Professor McPherson is a must take again. He is a professor and he keeps it professional at all times. He is not a hard teacher but he means business. It is very very helpful and gives second chances. You have to attend class and turn in assignments to pass. I made a B in his class. The test are not difficult at all. Quizzes are easy. Show up!!!!!!
5.0 : Strouble gives so many extra credit opportunities. I got C's on the tests and got an A in the class just by doing extra credit. He's a cool guy.
5.0 : Professor Strouble is a cool dude. You can tell he knows his stuff if you come to class and listen to his lectures
4.0 : Great professor! He has a knack for connecting with young students and is still young and energetic himself. He is also great at creating an atmosphere that fosters open discussion; My class loved him! We had alot of assignments but they weren't difficult to complete and were completed at home - definitely an Easy A and great experience!
4.5 : This man is very inspirational and teaches you so much about society and the world today as African Americans. The daily class "ice breakers" or discussions are fun and allows everyone to really speak their mind. There's only 2 papers, 2 quizzes, a mid term, and final. SUPER easy. Note taking isn't necessary, just use the study guides he provides.
5.0 : Best professor on campus very intelligent very passionate about African American history plus he's super handsome Def take him!!!! I
4.5 : His lectures are long but he sometimes does no finish the whole lecture in one class period.  Your attendance is part of your grade which is good if you attend class every day. If you want to pass take him he is an awesome teacher with amazing lectures!!
5.0 : He lectures for pretty much all of the class, but he allows students to give their opinion on issues, which is why I liked his class. You also get one point for every time you attend class, so I would suggest that you always attend. He gives multiple extra credit opportunities, so there is no reason you should get lower than a B
5.0 : COME WITH AN OPEN MIND IMPROVE ON WHATEVER HE ASKS YOU TO, AND DO NOT GIVE AN ATTITUDE
4.5 : She is an amazing professor ! By far one of the best I've ever had. She gives extra credit opportunities. Her grading is very clear fir everything, assignments are given in advance so there is no excuse to not have them done. Do EVERYTHING ! Over all she's amazing. I followed all her guidelines and did my work ahead time and received an A.
4.5 : Don't take this class if you think its an easy A, but do take this class if you care about school. Just show up and participate and you will do fine.
4.0 : Holmes was a great professor to take. She is young so she kept her class interesting. She doesn't lecture a lot. The class is split into groups and then those groups present the chapters. You will have online quizzes, hw, and discussion boards. There is also a paper assigned. The tests are easy if you read the book or know your vocab.
4.0 : Take Professor Holmes!!!!! She cares about her students passing and  is young so she keeps the class fun and new  ,not to mention she's beautiful!!! There are only two exams and if you look over her power points you should pass them. Assignments are a must so stay on top of all homework and you will receive an A!!
5.0 : Easiest Class I've ever taken. She gives a lot of work but on grades a few assignments just make sure you do them all. Only two test and a group project as long as you do your work its an easy A. She likes to have fun and will joke with you because she is young but remember she's still your professor so don't go to far. Take her if you can!
4.5 : Come to class so you won't miss the extra credit
5.0 : Dr Holmes is an excellent professor. She is clear thorough and understanding. She does expect you to do your part. If you do not do the work you will not pass. She is respectful and I recommend this class to anyone looking for a real chill semester. The course starts off with a lot of work in the beginning and gets easier throughout the semester.
4.5 : She is a very good in structure. She is availed to talk with and will respond to any emails sent. Short lecturs and very interactive with her students.
5.0 : Dr. Holmes is an great instructor, she is really straight foward when it comes to the work in her class. Show up to every class and get  the book and you should be fine. She answers emails rather quickly and has no problem helping you, will definitely take her again. Goodluck!
5.0 : Dr Holmes is an amazing professor. Come to class on time and purchase the book and you should be fine. She answers emails quickly and is available if needed. I would definitely take her again. Goodluck!
5.0 : Dr. Holmes is a great  professor. I learned something new every class. Gives you extra credit opportunity . She is well organized and has great class structure. however, do not disrespect her because she will win. but i would love to take again for any class.
5.0 : Dr. Holmes is a GREAT professor. I believe she will provide you with the management tools needed to excel. With her straight forward attitude it is about getting the work done. It is definitely not a difficult class just do not miss those due dates. Lastly, it is a very interactive class and would recommend everyone to take her. TAKE HER...!!!
5.0 : The greatest professor ever! Take her if you can! She is very fair and helpful, also she offers extra credit to help you out if you are on the border line. You will pass if you put forth the effort.
1.0 : She came into class with a bunch of work already. Wants us to write 4 page handwritten notes for every class. Gives us a 6-8 page paper the first day she meets us. She's making groups present each chapter every class session. Does she think this is our only class? I never write reviews before i'm done w/ the class but she's doing the most!!
4.5 : Great professor, would recommend her to anyone.. Group projects weren't hard at all. Come to class &amp; pay attention &amp; you will pass.
4.5 : Enjoying her class so far.. She came in &amp; replaced out original professor but she made sure we would still be ok. I've learned a lot &amp; would take her again.
4.5 : Mrs. Nelson is the awesome. She is very helpful, If you need help with anything she will work with you. you have to do is talk to her. Take her class!!!
5.0 : Buy the book, read the book, do the assignments, question boards and paper you will pass! If you don't do any of the work you might as well drop the class!
5.0 : Professor Holmes is a must! I took her for marketing and I loved it!!! Her assignments are very clear.  PLEASE make sure you do the work and it's a easy A.  She even give extra credit. However, if you do the assignments you will not need it. Come to class ready to learn while having a good time.
5.0 : I loved this teacher.  Take her, you will pass. She's very helpful and easy to get along with.  The only way you could fail her class is if you don't do anything at all, her assignments are simple, and you will learn a lot.
4.5 : She's a great teacher!! Make sure you complete all the assignements &amp; you should pass with an A,  shes also very beautiful
5.0 : Dr. Nelson is a great person and overall wonderful professor. If I had the option I would take her class again, you do what she asks you will get an A. Not only is she helpful in the classroom she's also helpful on a personal level she gives great advice and insight on life. Just be great in her class!
4.0 : Professor Holmes' marketing course is a very tedious one. With that being said, Holmes lays the framework and pace of the class at the beginning of the semester. The class can be passed with depending on the work ethic of the student. Holmes is generous with extra credit as well if the student shows that they deserve it. Very recommended professor.
5.0 : She is great teacher really. I'm be just saying that. If you do the work and study, you have a guaranteed A.
4.5 : Dr. Holmes is a great professor, the work given is straight forward and extra credit can be obtained. Study for the exams, do all your work and you should be good. Overall, enjoyed her and her class.
4.5 : We have 4 portfolios which she gives you clear directions and ENCOURAGES you to copy and paste. You have a chance to make up to for a higher grade towards the end of the semester. Test are online and easy if you have the book. Book club is group work that only boosts your grade. EASY A if you just listen and communicate.
5.0 : By far the easiest professor I have ever taken at FAMU. Class is not mandatory, but its the only way you will actually understand the information. Very youthful and cares about each student's grade. Always available for help. More than enough time to complete every assignment. Tests are online with great amount of time.
4.0 : If you want an easy  A, then take her. Although, I like to learn so she wasn't the best choice. She will talk your head off, but she will give you a good grade once you come to class and do your work.
5.0 : Mrs. Washington is a great teacher. Extremely helpful. I also had her as an advisor so she gave me a lot of insight and advice for my future. You definitely need the book and should read it. Her grading is kind of tough because she grades by how she thinks. Fun class and great teacher. I'd recommend her to anyone.
4.0 : Professor Washington knows her stuff. The class is a bit unorganized but all and all she's a great teacher.
5.0 : Honestly one of my favorite teachers at FAMU. She makes everything easy and affordable for you. If the text is online she will tell you to save your money and not buy the book.  Her lectures are very interesting because she is a really nice and funny lady. It is quite impossible to pass her class! Just do your work, which isn't hard !
1.0 : She is sarcastic, not helpful at all and think she is funny when shes not. She want tell you what your doing wrong . I had a good gpa till i came across her.  Dont take this hoe!
4.0 : Dr. Seay is a GREAT American Lit teacher this is my second time taking the course and she's been super helpful. She's not here to fail anyone do your work and all the papers you'll be fine. She knows how to tie the 17th Century to Now and she makes the lectures interesting she's definitely a character and you'll have fun her laugh is HILARIOUS
4.5 : At first Dr. Seay can be a little intimidating. She keeps it real with how you will pass the class. There's no secret or pop quizzes because everything is in the syllabus. There's only 3 essays along with tests which are short and sweet. There's no textbook and the class is very simple if you don't make it hard on yourself. I would take again!
4.5 : Professor Seay is honestly the best teacher I came across For ENC! She goes over the poems and stories With the class and explains what it means. She has 3 papers, straight  forward and if you don't follow her EXACT instructions YOU WILL FAIL. If you do good on the First 2 papers, she might consider exempting the last. Overall, I say take her
3.5 : I really enjoyed her class. All you need to do is come to class, pay attention and participate, do at least some of the reading, and follow directions on the essays. I had an easy time passing and am taking her again next semester. If you aren't doing well on the essays, it's probably not her fault, just know how to use MLA or look it up.
5.0 : She is a really good teacher who cares about her students and wants them to excel. As a freshman taking her class I started slacking but she pushed me to do better and earn the grade that she knows I can get.
5.0 : Professor Seay is absolutely amazing, she makes this class realistic to the "real world." Her teachering philosophy assimilates with the advancement of technology and trends that are present in society. In addition to being an awesome instructor, Dr. Seay is a great mentor and provides insight beyond her LIT classes, please take her class.
4.0 : okay I currently take Dr. Seay now, even though i kinda struggle writing using mla format correctly , and im border line passing... overall shes a good teacher, funny and she lets us know ahead of time when is stuff due. She has a great personality and she gave me a chance to make a paper up.
4.0 : Dr. Seay is a great professor. She can be funny too. She is really knowledgeable of her subject and will try to bring you up to par of you didn't come in that way. Not many tests and the papers aren't long, but follow her guidelines. As far as grades, you get what you put in. I highly recommend her.
5.0 : Dr.Seay is the best professor I've had in my college career I wish she could be my professor for every class. She's very funny, helpful, and she picks interesting stories for us to read not all those boring out dated stories. I recommend anyone to take her for any course
4.5 : Ms. Seay is a great teacher. She is funny, sarcastic, calm, and intelligent. She knows what she's talking about and doesn't make you do things that she knows will not help you. All of the activities she makes you do are going to benefit you in the future and help you pass her tests and do great on her essays. We only had like 23 tests(easy)&amp;3essay
4.0 : Dr.Seay is one of the best professors I've had at FAMU She's very kind and funny The class work isn't hard at all You mainly take quizzes on stories she assigns to read and you have only three papers But,be sure to follow all guidelines when writing an essay for her Following her instructions will earn you an A in the class just like I did
5.0 : My absolute favorite teacher at FAMU. She makes the class very interesting.  She expects you to have all the stories she gives read before class and for you to participate in the discussion but the stories and class discussions are very interesting. Only 3 papers. Overall GREAT teacher. Just Read, talk, follow MLA format on everything!
5.0 : He is a great teacher because his one on ones are very helpful. He give you his attention and extra time after class if you need it to help you out. He checks up on all his students to make sure they understand and if not he helps you right then and there. I advise you to take his class and show up, even if your extra late still SHOW UP.
4.0 : You will need to book to pass the quizzes. The writing assignments are straight forward. He is easy to get in contact with as well. He even opens up everything at the end if you missed some work throughout the semester. I enjoyed making my music mashup for the final project
5.0 : Class was super easy! Study the study guide that he gives and you will master the exams. But not everything is on the study guide but if you know the general concepts you will get those questions right. Easy Easy class
5.0 : GREAT PROFESSOR! VERY NICE, STRAIGHTFORWARD, AND LOVES TEACHING! A+
4.0 : Gendy Is A Great Professor, Very Easy. Study Guides Are Almost The Same As Test. Has A Strong Accent But He Makes Up For It Through The Test And Study Guides. Gives Extra Credit When Little Amount Of People SHow Up.
4.0 : Easy class. Just do your work and show up. If people take him for granted he can make the class harder and will, But as long as the class participates it should be an Easy A.
5.0 : Dr. Gendy is an Amazing professor, very helpful, straight forward, very passionate about what he is teaching, attendance is mandatory. Makes class very funny and understandable.
5.0 : Great professor, respect students and offers help and feedback all the time. He strictly follows his schedule that he gave in the first day of the semester. He is so funny and makes class interesting and he likes students participation.
4.5 : Professor Mason is a great professor. Most people dread having to take a speech class and she knows that so she makes it fun for the students. she is a really nice professor and very helpful. I would definitely recommend her, my favorite class last semester
5.0 : Pro Mason what can I say about her? Shes one of the best professors here at FAMU if you were scared to take speech do not be scared she will help along the way. Its not hard to pass her class if you come to class(every day), read the chapters she goes over (there will most defiantly be a pop quiz) and choose a good speech topic. You will do fine!!!
5.0 : Great class. As long as you try she will work with you. Attendance isn't mandatory but you might miss something if you're absent.
4.5 : She's AMAZING!
4.5 : She's really easy and loves when you participate. Her test weren't hard and she provides lots of extra credit.
4.5 : She is amazing,  on numerous instances people have presented speeches and haven't done well and she has let them represent to try and improve. As you progress through the semester you will notice an improvement in your public speaking. Just make sure you are there to turn things in the day they are due. She accepts no late work wo an excuse
5.0 : Ms. Mason is a very interesting person, she will help you along the way of your semester and she is always a calm person. Turn your critiques on time and ask her questions about your speeches before you present them. I loved her class, it was very entertaining and I'd recommend her.
5.0 : The best speech teacher at FAMU! Only had 3 speeches for this class and she offers a lot of extra credit! Please participate in class, she's a nice professor.
4.5 : If you do your work and try then she will help you. class is mandatory.
5.0 : She's an excellent teacher.
5.0 : She is an amazing teacher!!! I took her in the summer and wish i had taken her during the fall just to be in her presence longer! She is passionate about what she teaches and cares for her students! You will work for your grade but its easy the work is not hard its just time consuming! She makes you comfortable to speak in public &amp; get the txtbk
5.0 : Professor Mason is the best teacher in the world!!!!!! Its the end of the semester and im sad its over!! she made us feel so comfortable when speaking and i just love her so much. If you dont get an A then you must really didnt want it..
5.0 : The course consisted of three speeches, online quizzes, and a few in-class assignments. She takes attendance every class period but she is patient with her students. Just show up to class and do your work - TAKE HER! EASY A!
4.5 : Professor Mason is a phenomenal teacher! Her energy is unmatched by any professor I have ever had. She is a little extra with her work example must dress in full business attire speech day. A lot of group interacting. By end of class you will know almost everyone. Gives a lot of extra credit. Very understanding. Overall
5.0 : One of the best in the department. Literally. Take him!
5.0 : Take him is your lucky
5.0 : He helps in any way possible. I love this man.
4.5 : You get what you earn. I got a B with absolutely no effort.
2.5 : I got an A! As long as you do the pre and post labs, you should be fine!
5.0 : His accent is heavy. But he makes the class interesting and fun. Do the lab reports!! You can fail the midterm and final but still past the class with an A or B just by doing the lab reports. He's very lenient when grading them. Easy A. Attendance is mandatory.
4.0 : I took him in Spring 2017. His class was very straight-forward and he isn't a tough grader at all. He has an accent as well but you should still be able to understand him. He's a cool professor. Before we start the labs, he always asks, "Do you guys have any good news for me?". There are lots of lab reports to do, some take longer than others.
4.5 : only take him if you are going to arrive early. if not take another lab class
5.0 : He actually does care for his students. Failed both the midterm and final miserably, but still managed to pass the course with an A. Take his course if you can. You will succeed.
1.0 : Mr. Djemgou was not very helpful and did not do a good job at explaining things. He was barely prepared for labs and his accents is very thick. I honestly don't remember learning much in his class but If you show up and do all your labs well,  than his class is a easy A or B. He let us use our labs on midterm and final so keep them.
5.0 : This will be the easiest A in life. The tests are online, and he does go over the power point in class. There is one group project and attendance is mandatory. He's a cool guy, and his work isn't hard. The information in the power point  is also in the book, and the answers to the test come directly from the book.
5.0 : TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!EASY "A"! PLUS HE IS KINDA FUNNY AND COOL TO TALK TO. TAKE THIS CLASS! BUT DON'T FORGET TO DO YOUR ONLINE QUIZZES BECAUSE THEY CAN MAKE OR BREAK YOU!
4.0 : Dr. White is cool his class is impossible to fail you'll get an A+ without even trying to hard because its that manageable. My only thing is that his lectures are a lil boring his funny though so the time will pass easily. He does talk alot but the disscusins are worth it.
4.0 : Super easy. Attendance is mandatory but everything (including quizzes) is online. The only reason I gave a 4 was because the lectures are a little boring to sit through, but it's worth it for the easy A.
5.0 : Best teacher ever
5.0 : Dr. Osborne is the BEST professor in the math department.  If you do the all homework and go to office hours you will do well on exams and in the class.  He made the course very straight forward.  He does seem to care whether the students learn the material and do well in his class.  Warning... He does take attendance everyday, so be prepare.
5.0 : First of all, I am a Civil Engineering major and I have to take Cal I - Cal III.  At the time while I was take Dr. Osborne, I thought he was be too difficult for no good reason. Now that I have taken Cal II and Cal III an earned A's in both both courses, I know that Dr. Osborne is a great professor that prepared me for success at the E-School.
5.0 : Dr. Osbourne is the best! I failed Trig one summer w/ Dr. H. Williams (btw don't take him, you will regret it everyday) and I left Dr. W class thinking that I suck at math until I took Dr. O for Trig in the Fall.  He help me get my math swagg back.  Every assignment was very straight forward. Thanks Dr. O.. You are the Best Math Professor ever!
5.0 : Dr. Osborne is an amazing professor. If you attend his class, take notes, ask questions and do your homework you should get an A in his class. He doesn't require MyMathLab. He was intimidating at first because he has a very refined vocabulary but don't let that stop you from asking questions. I wish I could take him again!
4.5 : This class was easy. Well maybe because I love math and science. But we had 4 in class test and 3 online test and homework for each section.  His teaching style is very clear. Overall he's a cool dude.
5.0 : He's an amazing professor. I would definitely recommend him for caculus I because he takes the time to explain the material inside and outside of class. Also, it would be best to review every night because there are pop quizzes!! He's not difficult at all if you truly do your part. There's no mymath lab for his class. It's mainly homework and test.
4.0 : TAKE HIM! Dr.Osborne is a great teacher and we didn't have a my math lab the tests are similar to the questions in the book and he is very helpful. I received an A (:. I recommend everyone to take him.
3.0 : At first he seemed mean and angry. But he's pretty funny and he's nice. Has some tangents but he's awesome
2.5 : Dr. Osborne's class is a difficult one to take. If you are not thoroughly proficient in algebra and trig you may struggle with understanding concepts. However, if you can grasp concepts and use Khan Academy, you should be okay. Dr. Osborne gives some extra credit so overall, it wasn't that bad.
5.0 : GREAT Professor!!!!! His tests are easy if you study. If you don't understand something go to his office hours because he WILL help you. Do your math lab, don't wait to the last minute to do them. And please come to class, don't be lazy, he'll notice.
4.0 : overall he was a good teacher... went to sleep during plenty of lectures... being that it was his first year teaching Trig mathlab was required... in the end it helped because i passed like 3 of the 6 tests 2 were take home... ended with a C that could have easily been a B
3.0 : This class is not too difficult. I took him for Trig and as long as you follow his power points and take notes and study the notes you will do fine. Also the the mathlabs. He takes attendance daily so you have to come. He gives out graphing projects too but they aren't too hard and help your grade a lot if you do good. I ended up with a B.
3.0 : DrOsborne is a good math professor do NOT get me wrong but he does not like to be wrong or corrected Never debate with him in his class All he talks about is his son that is advance in math His class was not hard at all Just do your math lab study for his exams because there is no study guides and prepare for group projects Easy class
3.0 : she assigns a lot of work but she is a good teacher and always willing to help.  Do your work on time and you will get an A. Its really all about time management.
5.0 : I really enjoyed my time with Prof. Lagrasse. She's a bubbly, eccentric woman. Very understanding. She's tough, though; she expects the best out of you and will push you to achieve that best. A great thing about having her as an instructor is that she teaches you all that she knows. She doesn't hold back helpful information. Be prepared to work.
5.0 : Dr. Elhag is  a very genuine individual! He wants his students to be engaged in the lecture and really learn from his class. If he knows your name he will definitely call on you! Overall...he's really sweet and a great professor!
5.0 : I take him for choir , he is literally amazing and really cares .
5.0 : TAKE HIM! He literally gives you the answers in the notes. and he tells you what will be on the test. SO EASY! and he's very cool. EASY A
5.0 : Such a marvelous professor! If you get the book and attend class you will be fine. "He's straight forward", do what he ask and you will have no problems.
5.0 : Upon entering the class, I was not sure exactly what I wanted to do in my industry. With Scott's guidance, knowledge, and wisdom, I was able to see a more clear future for myself. He presented the class with different insights on the multiple jobs that are available in the music industry. Most importantly, he cares about his students.
5.0 : Honestly, the best professor on campus! As long as your read and study the material, you're set. Even if you struggle, he really breaks the material down. Beyond that, he does a great job guiding students towards their passion in the music industry. TAKE THIS COURSE!
5.0 : He's always willing to go the extra mile!
5.0 : Professor Scott is the man!! He knows what he's teaching, he's very good at it, and he's easy to talk to. His class is very interactive at times, so you don't want to be absent. I took him for MUM3613, MUM3614, and MUM3615 and I'd recommend him anytime. He will put you in place though, so just go to class, participate as needed, and you'll be fine.
5.0 : I love Dr. B she's so loving and helpful I'll recommend her to anyone that has to take SPN. I took her for SPN I &amp; II.  But she is very very helpful. show up EVERYDAY, she is also very understanding. She will call on you in class, but don't be discouraged b/c she'll help u if u get it wrong and give u hints. she tries to make sure everyone passes
5.0 : You must know the vocab for the tests.  Dr B is a real sweetheart and will do all she can to help you if you ask.
4.5 : You have to know the vocabulary.  The professor answers all questions with her best answer and will help you succeed if you do your part.
5.0 : Shes awesome , no other words
5.0 : Dr. Castillo makes it easy to understand.  I failed this class before but now I'm getting a B.  She is always available before and after class for help.
4.0 : There were some growing pains with the publisher's software in the beginning which caused several students to miss assignments, and assignments would be due throughout the week rather than by every Sunday etc. like other teachers, but she helped when you needed it and over all is a good instructor.
1.5 : The most confusing disorganized class i have ever taken.  It was beyond challenging from the layout of the course alone.  She is not specific with what she wants and the homework layout is ass backwards.  I took her online class and have never had such issues with trying to understand what is expected ever.
3.5 : I took this class online and man that was a big mistake. It's so much harder to learn a language online. The online course for this class in my opinion was disorganized and hard to work with. The prefessor though was really helpful, she always emailed back with her best response. I would definitely take her class on campus.
5.0 : easy a. he gives you exactly what you need to know for exams on his notes, and he posts them on bb. assignments are technically mandatory but are used as extra credit. no way you can fail. just show up for assignments/exams. hes so sweet. 1 group project and 10 page paper to split with group  members. take him! i got an a
4.5 : DR. Hudson is a really good teacher. He is bring, but what he goes over is exactly what is on the test. He puts the notes on BB for you to study. If you review that, you will get an 'A' no lower than a 'B' on the test!
5.0 : Great teacher, extremely knowledgeable, and wise. Pay attention in lecture, review notes on blackboard before exam. He assigns in class and out of class assignments which are basically case studies and easy. Also, there is a group project which he you will have all semester to complete and includes a 10 page summary and presentation.
5.0 : Dr Amissah is an excellent professor he's very helpful and you will learn a lot. And if you do your part there's no way you can't get an A.
5.0 : easiest a ever. was straight to point. we log onto class on scheduled class time. he gives a midterm, final, a couple assignments, and a case brief. he is easy to get a hold of even  for an online class. he emails back fast. hes located in orlando. wants to make sure you understand. take him
3.0 : he is new for HSA 4700. It said TBA on our schedule up until recently. It is 42 students so far total for Spring 14'. hope we all do well
4.5 : Dr. Smith is an interesting professor. He's  down-to-earth, comical, yet firm. If you do as he says, you should not have any problems. Be on time, participate, pay attention, no distractions, study, take advantage of all extra credit opportunities, and make sure that he knows you. Prepare for group work. BTW, it's a dictatorship not a democracy.
4.5 : he seems excited to be able to speak in front of an audience.. a little too much. u can tell he was raised in church bc he refers to the class as a 'congregation' &amp; to chairs as the 'pews'. its the 2nd day of class, not sure if i like it but he jokes around a bit. wants us to make eyecontact at all times. hes just over the top from 1st impression
5.0 : actually very easy class. all quiz &amp; exams online (the quizzes are at home, the exams are in class). u need the book or find someone who does bc the test/quiz is all just vocab words. the hardest thing everybody had was the group projects; it was hell which he thought was funny -the idea was to work together.  he gives lots of xtra credit. I made A
2.0 : Dr. Smith is very insensitive to students. He's very rude when you go to his office, and try to speak to him. He acts like he doesn't care about his students, and their success. He gives horrible directions, and then critiques assignments overly hard. There is no "CONSTRUCTIVE" criticism in his class. He told a student to get Rosetta Stone. Awful..
4.5 : Prof. Smith is verryyyy over the top! He is very dramatic and makes a mountain out of a mole hill. Lol. But in the end he is a great teacher and if you make sure to do your work, show interest, and just communicate with him then you will do well ! :) take heed when he says, "take advantage of my office hours."
4.5 : Prof. Smith is very over the top and dramatic. Lol. You grow to love him though,  Quizzes and exams are directly from the book. The group project is ROUGH. Just be sure to utilize his office hours and communicate with him, you'll do good. :) GOOD LUCK!
5.0 : hes intimidating at 1st but not at all, very funny. cracks jokes all the time. plenty of xtra cred. like other person said, take home quizes &amp; its just vocab words. groups were tuff to get along but managed. he wants u to pay attention &amp; read his instructions 1st. easy class. thought it would be harder. oh, attendance is a must! dont be late or bye
4.5 : Dr. Smith is very dramatic guy, but his over the top personality makes you look forward to class each time. He's tough and may come off intimidating, but if you show him you care, he'll help you succeed. I would take him again!
4.0 : Smith spends time teaching you what you should know outside of the books and classroom. He preps you for the real world, and not just a grade. He will help you when you need it. He tries to make his class interesting. All you need to do is show up, listen, participate, and prepare yourself for the test and quizzes.
5.0 : was supposed to have jackie robinson but admin switched last min. she seems cool but idk yet.  she offered grants to psych majors on 1st day for her dept. the class uses blackboard but we dont have it yet &amp; shes trying to choose our book. ill come back with more info at end of semester
3.5 : Listen to everything she says!! If she says it, its important. I recorded the lectures to take better notes when I got home. Flash cards will be your best friend. Extra credit came ONCE. It was like 5 assignments, do at least one to show you care about your grade. She's strict so there's no sliding by. Interesting class though
5.0 : Best English teacher ever! Her expectations are clear &amp; she tries to make it fun. Just do your work, participate, &amp; be respectful &amp; you can easily get an A. She's young, she dresses nice, &amp; loves her job. She takes attendance but is understanding. You can get the TSIS book from the library on reserve. She requires 3hrs in the writing center.
5.0 : If you're ever unclear or not understanding something professor Henry will make sure she helps you. You have 3 papers during the semesters but you have to turn in like 3 drafts for each one so you don't fall behind. The class isn't too hard but she doesn't give out grades you're going to have to work for it.
5.0 : We had read short stories and had class discussions. We had 8 online journals that were spread out throughout the entire semester  and 3 papers. I would recommend anyone who struggles in English to take this class. She is always available and willing to help. I was in borderline A/B and I received an A but class participation will help.
4.5 : Ms.Henry is very informative. She tells you what she expect for each paper, don't expect her to hand out grades. You have to actually  do work.Throughout semester you will have 5 papers, 1 extra credit one and 3 extra credit hours in the writing center. I received a B. All in all she is a good professor.
4.5 : Good teacher there for you if you really don't understand the assignment. Do the assignment the way she tell you to.  Easy class only 3 essays , pay attention to the comments  she gives you on the first drafts of the essays.  Turn in everything on time or communicate with her if its late , shes understanding
4.0 : Do your work. Go to class. You'll Pass. Professor Henry is very caring and she will help you out as long as you do your part and participate in class. The class consists of three papers, a few online assignments, teacher-student conferences and two self evaluations. If you fail her class you must've done absolutely nothing.
4.0 : Prof Henry is the best ! She is very helpful and young in understanding. She like a big sister teaching you English. She very understanding, but don't take her kindness as a weakness she WILL FAIL you if you cheat on papers , and uses someone else work. She will try her best to get to know each person in the class, so don't overtalk her.
5.0 : Professor Henry is a good professor. She tells you exactly what she wants on each paper. Don't be afraid to go to her office hours, she gives good feedback and is willing to help you. Don't expect her to just hand you your grade, you have to work for it.
4.0 : Her class is pretty straight forward. Only 3 essays and. Final presentation. You have journals in class everyday and have to write a couple paragraphs online every Wednesday but it's all easy. As long as you come to class and do the work you will pass. The class is fairly easy.
4.0 : She's a good teacher but you get a lot of work. She only assigns 3 papers but she wants a first draft second draft and a final draft all different. She's understanding and grades fair just write her papers and come to class because she does take off for attendance and being late. I got an A it wasn't hard but stressful
5.0 : Her class is the easiest out of my other freshman classes. She teaches different techniques to write good papers. Only 3 papers and the midterm and final are just revisions on your 3 papers.
5.0 : Dr. Henry is a most take for freshman year. She understands the transition of leaving high school and coming into college so she has patience with her students. You only have 3 major papers however you have to turn in paper packets with each final draft so it definitely is a lot of writing but she helps throughout the process. OFFICE HOURS MATTER!!
5.0 : Professor Henry is a great teacher. Her class is very easy. The class consists of weekly journals and three writing assignments that you will continue to revise. It's an easy A!
5.0 : Great professor ! I would take her all 4 years if i could. Shes very understanding &amp; gives great feedback on your papers. Shes always in a great mood &amp; her grading criteria is CLEAR the whole semester.
4.0 : Overall Good teacher. Gives 3 grades throughout whole course which are 3 papers. Makes you work for your grade.
4.5 : Great overview of theories and intro to intervention studies
5.0 : Dr. Jones Lang is an amazing professor. Come to class do the assignments and read and you should be fine. She is always willing to help and give clarity . She is a very humble woman and cares about her students. She has a sweet spirit and is easy going. Take her, but be willing to put forth the work hard. She will not just give you a grade.
4.5 : Easy class,take notes, study and you will pass there is one group project. you will have to buy the access code. she is very helpful.
4.5 : This class will make you question your religious beliefs. I wouldn't recommend you take it if you are touchy about your religion because this class disproves a lot of beliefs. There is only a midterm and a final. They are both essays. There are a few other essays and blackboard friday when there's no class on friday but an assignment on blackboard.
5.0 : She is so cool! Her lectures are really interesting. She loves open discussions but doesn't pressure you to speak. &amp; cancels class on Friday's. Grades pretty easy but all exams are essay based.
5.0 : Great professor. She is really passionate about what she teaches. There are no tests or homework. There are 3 papers and discussions. I would definitely take her again.
5.0 : She's a great teacher ,she's also very lenient.
5.0 : Professor Fryson so far is a pretty nice woman. She is a FAMU Alumna and I think I will enjoy this class. When its over I'll come back and fill you in about the course.
5.0 : Pretty cool professor. She works with you and always emails back. Take her and enjoy!
5.0 : Hey! I'm back. Professor Fryson is a very cool professor. She cares about her students passing the course. It is vital that you read the text and power points because they help you for the exams.The exams are straight forward, so if you read you should do well. Don't take this class for-granted. I would recommend taking her.
5.0 : She is just awesome. Take her, you won't regret it
5.0 : Homework is optional but is extra credit. Lecture is interesting, she will provide PowerPoints on blackboard. Only three tests all online. Two group projects super easy.
5.0 : Professor Bradley is an awesome instructor. Just show up to class! She is very helpful and easy to understand. I would take her for every class if I could.
3.0 : SOW 3801 SELF-AWARENESS &amp; HUMAN DIVERSITY
5.0 : I love her so much! I had her at TCC for SLS1510! She's the sweetest and most inspirational woman I've ever met! She dresses so well btw! Go to her class! She grades attendance ! But do the work it's easy but you have to try! I would take her every year to be around her vibe! Great way to start your college experience
5.0 : Professor Bradley teaches you on a level of understanding. I love her!!
3.5 : Dr. Bradley is a great teacher!!
3.5 : Dr. Bradley is a wonderful Instructor!!
4.0 : SOW 4602 - SOW PRAC HEALTH CARE
5.0 : wonderful and brilliant! teaches grad courses and is an adviser. has her hands in many things, extremely knowledgeable.
4.0 : Great professor who really knows what he's talking about. Sometimes he's hard to follow because the subject matter is somewhat intense, but if you follow up on your homework you'll be fine. He's very helpful, and allows you always drop by ask questions. His tests are hard but if you followup on your homework you'll be fine. Overall, a great prof.
5.0 : If you want to pass PSY I would take her. All you have to do is the online quizzes and study her power points and read the online chapters . She is a  very simple nice lady ! Test not too hard as long as you read aand try in her class . SHE DOSE GIVE EXTRA CREDIT .
5.0 : Dr. Li is amazing ,  her class was pretty easy as long as you pay attention to her power points and do the quizzes. We had the our exams online  and only one paper to write about our goals . Overall I would take her again she is the best psychology professor ever !
3.5 : This class is not hard. Majority of your grade is the ebook quizzes which allow multiple attempts. Her tests can be somewhat tricky if you don't thoroughly study all of the concepts in her powerpoints. However she gives a ton of bonus points that can help your grade a lot and she makes like two out of the four tests open note
4.0 : Not sure if shes new but easy class. Attendance not really mandatory but counts toward grade, if you aren't going to class have someone sign u in. Used an eBook. Quizzes and test online. Used the power points she post on blackboard, the same 1s she goes over in class. Had a B the whole semester but ended up with an A because of attendance.
4.0 : she gives a TON of extra credit no way you should get below a "B" but make sure you do anything to get to class she will have sign in sheet at end of class.
3.0 : Dr. Li is a solid professor. She can be chatty sometimes and her accent is hard to understand at first but just be patient with her. She knows her information very well and is always willing to help. Fairly easy to pass if you do all the work and participate actively in the group project (which is what most of your grade is based from).
5.0 : The class is not hard, you just need to pass the exams (which she calls quizzes) &amp; complete this research survey project, you might actually find it quite enjoying since you're putting your knowledge to work. she truly cares about her students. I had a B, but she gave everyone with less than 4 absences 10 points, bringing my grade to an A.
4.0 : She is very nice and the class is not hard. I did not purchase the textbook but it did help others. She only has 4 quizzestest and 1 project that determines your grade. She provides study guides and lecture power points. The only reason I did not receive an A is because I missed a quiz. Lots of extra credit opportunities.
5.0 : Really good teacher he gives a study guide for the test and assignment are pretty easy.
5.0 : You buy a book that is $6 , that's where all your work comes from . You won't need extra credit if you do the little assignments in the book ( very simple). He literally highlights what's on his exams in his PowerPoints.
5.0 : You buy a book that is $6 , that's where all your work comes from . You won't need extra credit if you do the little assignments in the book ( very simple). He literally highlights what's on his exams in his PowerPoints.  I took him for Health Modern Living
3.5 : Pretty fair class, gotta make sure you're in class to receive the notes so that you can pass the tests. He also makes awkward jokes at times so you'll have to sit through those, but other than that, good teacher. Would take again.
4.0 : he lit.
4.5 : Mrs. McKenzie is a great teacher to me. When I took her it was her first time teaching and I feel she did a great job. I am currently taking another course that she teaches because I trust her judgment with my grade.
4.0 : First, she has a Jamaican accent but you can still understand her. Usually if you read before the class you will understand her lectures fine. The information isn't hard you just have to remember it. She gives study guides for tests and will help you in her office too. She grades group projects tough unless you wow her. Overall, she is a good prof
4.0 : She's great she always there when you need her.
5.0 : Professor McKenzie is one of the best professors within' SBI. Take her !! She is very understanding and down to earth. Test and quizzes are from her class lectures. She will remember your name but use her office hours also.
5.0 : LOVE HER! She extermly nice and caring. She is willing to explain/ repeat anything until you understand. She gives great feedback mainly when it comes to the really big group project that you get. TAKE HER! Promise you won't regret it.
5.0 : Ms Mckenzie is the best business teacher in SBI period. She is very clear and concise and she makes it apparent that she is here to help you succeed. This is my favorite college professor so far and I can't wait to take her for another class.
4.0 : Be aware that she is one of those teachers that put grades in at the last minute, her class will have a few extra credit opportunities, study for the exams they are worth more than the final exam, there is a few MyBizLab assignments so you'll have to purchase it. The textbook is optional, if you want more to study off
5.0 : She explains topics in depth, works out examples on the board, posts example problems and solutions on Blackboard, and posts the chapter PowerPoint on Blackboard. MyBizLab is required and there is a group project due at the end of the semester. Because she provides us with every resource needed, your grades are solely dependent on your work ethic.
5.0 : Not sure yet, he's young. Seems very cool and like he grades okay. We'll see toward the end. Gives out his # to text directly. Very hands on
5.0 : Easiest class ever ! No test, no quizzes. Only 4 assignments the whole semester, he's funny and understanding. Would take him over and over
5.0 : TAKE HIM!!! I said I would be back after my class is done. Well any class he teaches that you need take him, he's literally the BEST!
5.0 : TAKE HIM!!! IF YOU WANT AN EASY A HE IS THE MAN FOR YOU
5.0 : Best AP professor at famu! She tells you exactly what you need to know for each test and quiz and gives you multiple chances for extra credit. I passed every test with an A and got an A in the class!
4.5 : Mrs. Wilder is a great teacher I took her for bsc 1010 lab. She keeps you in class the entire time. You have to study but the test are straight forward. I received an A. Would recommend.
5.0 : Simply the BEST!
5.0 : I will be taking her again in the fall for A&amp;P 2 lab. She's really passionate about anatomy and gives us ways to remember everything in class. This class is dependent on you putting in study time at home, she recommends 20 minutes per day. She also offers extra credit, by completing either online work or lab review sheets.
3.0 : she's a very good professor for lab for for lecture she is hard. i would not recommend taking her for lecture . &amp; if you do take her for lecture get ready to do case studies , homework , pop up quizzes etc
4.0 : This professor is a talented classroom teacher and lecturer.  She explains information in a way that is fun and  easy to grasp.
5.0 : She isn't the easiest professor  but she will go out of her way to help you.
5.0 : If you're going to medical/nursing school then she is the teacher for you.
5.0 : Awesome Professor, Very passionate and you really benefit from the learning experience
3.0 : She is a cool teacher, &amp; will tell you exactly what would be on the exam. She doesn't drop any exam, she don't offer extra credit only a few points to your exam from mini quizzes. No more than five points.
5.0 : This is the best science teacher ever she makes sure you know whats going on and never makes you feel dumb for not knowing something. She also encourages everyone to participate.
5.0 : Very good professor but she expects you to cover a ton of material. If you are not a person that is good at memorizing points of the body quickly don't do it. Great professor but not for every type of student.
4.0 : Dr. Scriven was a very good professor! I would definitely take her again if I needed another math course! She is helpful when you don't fully understand a topic, and she will further help you out if you go to her office hours. The homework and quizzes can boost your grade, if you do them. My math lab is the thin line between getting a C or a B.
4.0 : Very Great Teacher really makes Calc easy to understand and clear cut go to office hours and stay on top of mathlab you'll be golden
5.0 : Dr. Scriven is nothing less than AMAZING! Every opportunity I have to take her I will. Very understanding, straight forward, and her lectures are clear. If math is not your thing have no fear. She also gives partial credit. But do your Math lab! I took her twice and received an A both times.
5.0 : Great teacher. love her.
5.0 : she is great teacher take her
5.0 : Best math teacher by far!!!!! Show up to class and allow her to know you by face, if you have any questions she explains thoroughly. She's very personable and has a passion for teaching. If your not strong in math , like myself, take her !! I received an A
5.0 : Dr. Scriven is AWESOME!  She makes learning easy, but you've gotta put in the work.  She's nice and very helpful.  love her.
5.0 : Dr. Scriven is an amazing individual. She made the calculus so understandable. Doing the homework on mymathlab before the next class is beneficial in understanding too, because she teaches directly from it and the book. She is also very helpful and a ray of sunshine all the time!
4.5 : She's the BEST! If you struggle in math; take her!!
5.0 : I took her for Calc in Spring 2017, she was one of best teachers that I've ever had. She gives great lectures and helps you out when you need it. She comes in clutch too. She is not a hard professor and I learned a lot from her. Dr. Scriven is also very compassionate about her teaching. I would definitely take her again.
5.0 : She is an amazing professor. I passed with an A. Pay attention  and you will pass the class.
5.0 : SHE WILL NOT GIVE YOU A GRADE. SHE WILL LOVE YOU, PRAY FOR AND WITH YOU, BUT SHE WILL NOT BOOST YOUR GRADE B/C SHE LIKES YOU. you have been warned. greatest math prof at FAMU she really is you will learn alot. very funny and sweet lady.
5.0 : THE BEST THERE IS! SHE IS THE BEST PROFESSOR IVE EVER HAD! She teaches the material so well i never had to study for her test and exams. She gives a boat load of extra credit to help everyone's grades out. i never made anything less than a 92% on the test.  I would recommend her to everyone and she really has a heart. TAKE HER!!!!
5.0 : I have never really like math very much, but Dr. Scriven makes it fun.  PLEASE keep up with the homework on MyMathLab.
4.5 : Mrs. Scriven is off the charts awesome! I love her energy, I dont think there was a time she came into our class without a smile. Her test, I cant lie, kind of slipped me up. But she has review sessions with each of her classes before a test and IF you take the time to study for the test you should pass it. 4 tests the whole semester. Easy class.
5.0 : Prof. Scriven seems to make math easy.  She is very helpful outside of class and even came on the weekends to do study sessions.
5.0 : My favorite math teacher EVER!!!!  I love Dr. Scriven!!!
5.0 : I love love love, Dr. Scriven!!  Math was my favorite class.
5.0 : She is one of the best math professors I have ever had. I'm glad I had her. She doesn't use PowerPoints, so you get to see how she goes through problems on the board. She is very clear on how the class is set up, and she is extremely helpful!!
5.0 : Professor Scriven is the BEST! She will make math fun and enjoyable all at the same time. We had 4 test and a final that was ok as long ass you listened in her class. Make sure to keep up with all assignments on my math lab and you would do great in this class I promise. I love Professor Scriven!!!
5.0 : BEST math teacher I've EVER seen had since high school! She's amazing and really tries her hardest to make sure you understand the curriculum. She does reviews on Sunday's before tests and she gives great lectures. Please make sure you take her!
5.0 : Great Professor! She actually teaches! Just make sure that you do your part and you will be fine.
4.0 : Best calc teacher ever. Just study and you'll be fine
4.0 : Best calc teacher ever. Just study and you'll be fine. She also helps if u need it
5.0 : Great lady. Look at her rating. This college algebra teacher is a blessing to the university.
4.0 : Dr. Scriven is really cool,but she wont handout grades! You will have to do mathlab, math gym groups, math center hours, and test but that is with all college algebra classes here. You can easily follow her lectures and learn from your notes. Try to sit on her left side though, she's left handed so you cant see well from the right. TAKE HER!
5.0 : Mrs. Scriven is an awesome professor! She is very clear when explaining the material and a good professor if your someone who struggles in math. She has a great personality and easy to talk to, she really cares about her students. She drops a bunch of homework grades and quizzes at the end so I got B. I highly recommend her!!
5.0 : Best math teacher I've ever had. She makes everything easy to understand and is very nice. Show up to class to get the notes and do your assignments on MathLab and you'll be good. Her tests aren't that bad either
4.0 : Mrs. Scriven is a great teacher. You have to do your mymathlab(use the digital book if you want to, but you don't really need it) it'll help you out. She doesn't give xtra credit but she drops lowest hw, quiz, and test grades which is AMAZING! She's a "mother teacher", great lady I would recommend anyone to take her!
5.0 : If math isn't your best subject take her and pay attention. STUDY STUDY STUDY. If you can find someone with any old test then you'll be ok because the material is the same every year. The final is cumulative so study for that too.
5.0 : best professor ever!
5.0 : I loved him, he's the best :)
5.0 : This man is THE BEST! Don't buy the book cause he bases the class from a Hip-Hop persepctive so you'll be writing papers on the movie Belly and on youtube listening to hip hop songs. It's a real chill class. Don't disrespect him because he is young and FINE! I would take this class again if it was free.
5.0 : GREAT. TAKE HIM.
3.5 : Cool teacher, he bases the class of a hip hop perspective which gets repetitive and aggravating at times. You wont cover any subject material within the book, but occasionally he will bring up a current social issue. Wouldn't go as far as saying he is the best in the department but he is a good dude.
5.0 : Professor Johnson is definitely one of the BEST teachers walking on FAMU's campus. The amount of love he has for his students, is like no other. He teaches you how to see things through the eyes of a media professional. If you have the chance, TAKE HIS CLASS!!! You will actually learn about the industry, but also learn about yourself as a person.
5.0 : Love Professor Johnson. He's Great!
5.0 : Johnson is mad cool. He cares a ton about what students think of his class and pays a lot of attention to students needs. He CANNOT "dab" (the dance) to save his life but he thinks he can. The fact that I know that should tell you how fun his class was. He is a great person and is extremely professional with his students while also very supportive.
5.0 : I learned to look  at everything through with the eyes of a journalist. We broke down current events , music and pop culture in way no other professor has ever attempted. I really appreciated the real-world advice and guidance he gave each of his students. It's comforting to know even after graduation I can  still reach out to him for advice.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever had.  He doesn't take attendance very often but if he knows you, he'll know when you're missing.  Not a lot of work.  Very helpful
5.0 : Best Professor in J-School, hands down!
3.0 : Scriv is a great professor that will motivate you to succeed in logic.  However it would be a legit lie if I said his class was eazy. The exams are extremely difficult, and he gives you too many questions on them. He's a standup guy but he gives no mercy as far grading. He does give extra credit but even that can't help. Advice: GET THE BOOK!!
4.0 : Dr. Scriven was one of the coolest professors I've had. He is so humble and down to earth. I had him for logic and you seriously have to practice outside of class or you will fail. This isnt a class that you can study the night before and expect to pass. Overall he is a great professor, just make sure you put the work in on your end.
2.5 : Is a very tough grader. Tests Are preposterously hard. I am taking him for an intro class and it's ridiculous the amount and The level of work to gives. I would never take him again.
5.0 : This guy is one of my favorite Professors at this University. He's really cool and down to earth. You should definitely read the assigned reading b/c he usually talks about it in the next class and he is not afraid to call u out. He really cares about his students and his projects were fun and outside the box.  I got a B+
5.0 : Professor Scriven is a great professor. He gives A LOT of extra credits. He makes you work for your grade though. He have study sessions to help you better understand the lectures. I'll advise you to go to them, it helps prepare you for exams. I would take him again if I could.
5.0 : This Was One Of The Hardest For Me, But I'm Glad I Took It. If You're Slow Like Me Take It In The Summer, It Was A lot Easier. Can't Imagine Having Him Any Longer.  As Long As You Get To Know Him, Speak In Class, Do Extra Credit, &amp; Study For Test There Is No Way You Can Fail. Just Be Prepared To Learn A lot &amp; Earn Your Grade. I Slid With A B!!!!!!
5.0 : Screen's lectures are interactive and fun. Coming to class isn't a problem because you look forward to it. If you do not read and take good notes, you will not pass.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had.
2.5 : The class is based off only test around 5. He offers extra credit too bad that didn't help me. He sucks and is not an easy grader. The help he offers does not help.
2.5 : If you want to pass this class you MUST put a lot of time and effort into it. There's lots of reading and material covered. I wouldn't recommend taking this class as a freshman or sophomore
5.0 : Great teacher took her for ENC 1101. Not alot of work, few papers written. Class gets cancelled alot, even the day of our final. Taking her next semester, sweet lady.
5.0 : I got a B. With minimal work done.
5.0 : I respect her wholeheartedly, she cancels class usually because of her health issues, but she is really easy. Just type a few papers. For 1102 she only said to use one book, find a person on campus selling "writing on the hill". I recommend her!
5.0 : Easy class, great teacher, I highly recommend you take her! I have for ENC 1102 and we haven't even wrote a paper. very funny lady, sweet too.
5.0 : Let me just say if she taught any other class besides english I would most definatley take her. I had her for ENC 1101 and 1102 and I recieved A's for both classes. NO papers written at all, easy assignments, and rarely any class. She can be hard at times so don't get on her bad side. EASY A!
5.0 : The best
3.0 : Her grading criteria is not very clear and she does not teach you how to write. Do every paper and assignment and you will pass. Do not wait until the last minute for everything even though she takes late work. Class is cancelled a lot, sometimes without notice so it can get unprofessional.
5.0 : She's GREAT ! made taking a early morning class 100 times better ! very slack loves conversation Gives essays Very lenient !  Grades perfect She's Awesome had to make sure I keep her as a teacher my whole class Plans on taking her again together
4.0 : take her if you can. only downside is class gets cancelled alot, and i dont really like that.
5.0 : I love this teacher! She is easy and you only write a few papers. She is hilarious and really caring.
3.5 : Ms. Jones is great! She's funny and very sweet. Do your work and you will pass. Come to class, do your work, and leave!
5.0 : Great teacher. Not too many papers. She is grown and mature so show respect. Loves to joke around. Does not grade papers hard and very few assignments. She does no tell you your grade in the class all semester till the third month. Still great lady. This is the class you want.
5.0 : She's an awesome teacher! She's really funny, easygoing, class gets cancelled A LOT, and she doesn't give much work. There were a few groups assignments which were annoying, but easy. Just do the few assignments she does give, put in a little effort, and you should get an A. I'm taking her again next semester!
5.0 : Great teacher, easy A or B, barley wrote papers, Class was cancelled about 5 times, including when we were supposed to take our final. Very funny lady, taking her against next semester for 1102
4.0 : She is hilarious ! I laughed all semester. She's not a tough grader and there aren't many assignments. Class often got a little off topic it was mostly relevant to the subject.
5.0 : ms jones was my favorite professor of all of my profs this semester. she is a hilarioussss lady and will have class laughing the entire time. wrote few papers . barely had class . rarely took attendance but her class is one of those classes you just want to go to. i strongly recommend her .
5.0 : This class is very easier for every assignment, for every assignment make sure you go to his office and ask him to explain every detail to you, do not depend on your group. You will pass this class once you study.  Make sure to get the textbook it is well needed.
3.5 : Says a lot of unimportant statements irrelevant to what his class pertains to. Loves attention, gives irritating group project but overall easy A and very willing to help.
3.5 : Cool young teacher
4.5 : Dr. Hollingsworth was a good professor for his first semester teaching. People failed, but because of themselves.  They blamed their grade on him because he's new. I missed quite a few days went to his office hours to go over past tests, and even extends his hours if you have class. It's the department that sucks, not him. He's also funny as hell!
4.5 : At first he is a little intimidating but once you learn his patterns he's fairly easy! We had two books to read along with papers (1500 words) but I don't think he really grades them. I wrote like 800 words each paper and got Bs on both. His tests are easy as long as you come to class, take notes, and go over the study guides he gives you.
4.0 : If you are looking for a History class take him . He is very nice and understanding . With exams he give study guides it is a lot but he covers everything in class Exams you can't be LATE if you are its a chance you wont be able to take it . He does grades kind of hard . But if you do need to speak to him just email him . He is great
3.0 : Dr. Eyunni is a really laid back lab professor. He can be a little annoying especially when he would confuse himself with the math or not know what lab we would be doing. As long as you do your lab reports along with pre and post labs there should be no reason why you get anything lower than a B in this class.  He made both exams take home for us.
4.5 : Great Professor! Come to class and participate, stay in con tact with him for emergencies.. he's very understanding. I had a final grade of an B he allowed me to re-do the mid-term and the final for an A! He's funny and very nice.
4.0 : Dr. Eyunni is laid back and cool. He will however grade your lab report in extreme detail. I always got low A's on them because of simple mistakes like not writing a formula or something. Test are open book and overall he looks out for the students. Take him, just really put effort in the reports.
5.0 : Dr. Eyunni is a very laid back guy. We asked day-of-midterm if we could use our lab book, and he said sure. He takes 2pts out of 100 off every lab report ("no lab is perfect"), but that doesn't matter when midterm was open book and our final was take-home. Put effort into lab reports and come to do the labs, you'll be good.
5.0 : Pretty easy A just show up and actually do the work and you should be fine.
3.5 : Dr. Eyunni is pretty cool, but his expectations can be pretty annoying. The lab was actually fun, because we made the best out of a Friday night lab, and students were all cool. He explained all of the answers for the midterm if you asked, but our final was the biggest pain ever. But, if you show effort,  you get at least a B. I got an A.
3.0 : Dr. Mcullum is a better teacher in my opinion. He works with the student and makes sure everyone understands before moving forward. This class is rushed to be almost 2hrs long. She doesnt really care about your overall grade, so if you take this class be on your P's &amp; Q's and go over it a lot at home. keep your labs because thats your only help.
3.0 : This is my second time having her and honestly she's harder in AP2. Basically study her slides those are the test but she likes to put alot of pictures on her exams. The exams are all online in the testing center and multiple choice. She does  offer extra credit. There are also other things like the lab notebook and case study that are required.
3.0 : Her powerpoints are the exams. Therefore, it would be beneficial to study every slide and EVERYTHING on it because she WON'T TELL you what slides to study for and what to study on the slides. That's what sucks about it because there's alot of slides. Not a difficult class at all. She just do too much for a one credit course.
5.0 : Professor Humann makes you work for your grade. She is very nice and explains everything you need to do in order to pass her class. You do have homework that is assigned once a week ( But, It is usually a question and you answer it with a paragraph). She only lectures for half of the time.
5.0 : Professor Humann is a great professor! Her test and quizzes are straight to the point. She tells you exactly what would be on them. She gives a great amount of extra credit so if you fail a test or quiz you still should pass by doing the extra credit. Lectures aren't long she gets straight to the point. Make sure you go to class everyday.
5.0 : Dr. Humann is great! Most definitely have to study that's what you're in school for no way of getting around that. She gives a word banks for test and a lot of extra credit. She's very helpful during office hours and after class.
5.0 : Do your work, and you will pass with an A or a B
2.5 : She does not give a word bank, everything is off of memorization. She is not willing to provide extra credit, she speed through slides and gives a quiz next class and a test the next following class.
5.0 : I skipped class a few times, but she gives extra credit toward the end. She looks very sweet but don't let that fool you lol she's about business. She's straight-foward, if you have any problems talk to her. She's very understanding and tries to work with you. She's young and knows the struggle lol I highly recommend
3.0 : Professor Humann, is okay you must pass all her test in order to receive an A or B.  She does not give out extra credit and she wont let you make up anything
4.0 : Dr. Humann is okay. She lectures alot for a lab class though. Everything she talks about comes directly from ppt slides and she gives need to know sheets for every test. She does offer extra credit during review days so be there for that. Her class does require some studying though. She drops the lowest quiz grade. Lab notebook is an easy grade
4.0 : She's ok. She gives a lot of work for a 1 credit hour class but it's worth it. Her test are exactly like her slides so study those THROUGHLY. She offers some extra credit in the middle of the semester. Tough grader when it comes to Midterm and Final assignments so make sure everything is right or you will fail your midterm!! Overall good professer.
4.0 : There are only 4 test throughout the entire semester. You are guaranteed to pass her class if you take notes and study the slides for any test. At the end of the semester, you have to do a lab report so attendance is required because you dont know what lab you may end up with. Overall, great professor.
4.5 : Let me tell you guys. Take her for lab. She is so bomb. She's helpful. But you will have to work for your grade.
5.0 : Dr. Humann is really nice. As long as you do the work youll pass. The study guides are exactly whats on the exam. There are like three exams, group PowerPoint, and lab report. Very easy class.
4.5 : Easy going teacher and always available if assistance is needed. Tests are straight forward, does power points the whole class, gives study guides for all tests and extra credit. Taking her again next semester.
4.0 : Dr. Humann is a caring teacher she really goes out her way to make sure you understand the material; she really cares about her students and wants everyone to learn. Take her!
5.0 : Dr. H is a great professor, she really cares about her students. She offers a lot of extra credit points as well as class participation points that makes up the bulk of your grade. The tests are straight forward, if you review the slides before the test you're sure to pass.
4.0 : She is a good professor , cares about her students and is always ready to help. She takes pride in her job and was always ready to assist in labs, projects, and papers. Her tests were straight forward. She always gave study guides and extra credit questions at the end of her tests. She really does everything to make sure you pass. Take her.
5.0 : Class is an easy A.
4.0 : Dr. Humann is pretty straight. The test can be hard, however she does give you extra credit. Attend every class session so you can do the pre-lab "quizzes" and make sure you do all the lab activities, they will help your grade. The final is a lab report on one of the lab activities and there is a midterm which is a case study.
2.5 : I didn't sign up for his class, but he ended up being my professor. He is an okay professor, after he got the hang of things. Cons are that he is hard to understand, bc he has an accent, and doesn't explain major topics. So, crack open your textbook. Pros are that he does do study sessions and he is helpful when you go to his office hours.
5.0 : He is one of the best in the department
3.5 : Professor Senevirathne is always willing to help students. CHM 1045 is not an easy course, but if you work you will pass. He conducts study sessions to give extra help. He comes even in weekends!
4.5 : Dr. K is amazing he truly cares for his student and will break EVERYTHING down so you can understand.
5.0 : Dr. S is a really good professor that you should take for 1045. I passed very single test, and quiz. Show up to class because he goes through the material thorough.  The main issue is he only has a really early or a really late class.  Ff you have an 85 or higher you have an A!
4.5 : He is by far one of the nicest teachers here, I loved his class. He was straight forward and gave you all the information you needed and explained it as well. If you need help he will help as much as he can. Tests are easier than the weekly quizzes. I would highly recommend him.
2.5 : We had a great CHM teacher,unfortunately she quit in the beginning of the semester.  So, we got Dr. Keerthisinghe and he did not help us at all! He was a bit better as a professor, but he kept piling up more info without stopping to see if we understood. He does not give extra credit, or help in any way so if your not really good in CHM don't do it
4.0 : Great professor!!!
4.0 : He's very nice and explains thoroughly. Chem can be difficult so sit in the front, show up to class and use the study sessions to help!
4.0 : Dr. Sen is one of the best chemistry instructors I ever came across in the chemistry department. If you pay attention in class, take notes, and attend the tutoring session by the supplemental instructor, you will be mighty ok. The quizzes are harder than the exam, so if you get the quiz, you're prepared for the exam.
4.0 : He's a really good chemistry professor. He pays attention to everything in the laboratory and knows all of his students names. There are 10 lab reports and two exams (midterm &amp; cumulative final). Make sure you get a general understanding on what is occurring in your labs, because you'll get some type of question about them on your exams.
5.0 : I took Dr. S in Spring 2017. He was an amazing professor. He literally teaches you EXACTLY what you need to know. Nothing less, nothing more. He is very passionate about his teaching and does not appreciate it when people take it for granted. He made CHM 1045 a great class for me.
4.0 : Dr.S is really nice and he cares about his students that put forth effort and come to class. He goes over exactly what's going to be on the test. He does speak a little low so it can be hard to hear what he is saying sometimes.
4.0 : good one!!!
4.5 : For the first time, I did learn chemistry!!!!!!
4.5 : Very helpful!!!well verse of the material
4.0 : Exams are kind a hard because the department gives a common exam. His control over exams are limited
4.0 : He's a good teacher. Pay attention and take good notes. I believe he cares about his students, but can be a little snappy sometimes. Get to know him.
5.0 : I took Dr. S for CHM 1045, and would take him again for CHM 1046 if he taught it. He is very willing to help students. He always taught by using the whiteboard, never reading from a boring powerpoint, and he worked out example problems on the board after we went over the topic. He put old quizzes on BlackBoard for us to practice. Would recommend.
4.0 : This professor isn't terrible. I was told he was the best in the chemistry department, and it seems believable to me now. You're given 10 total homework assignments due at the end of the semester that you can just click through to get the credit. He explains things relatively well, and you can ask questions during class. He help during office hours
4.0 : Professor Senevirathne is a great professor, he has a accent but you will get used to it. It explains the material very well and I'm sure I would of done better in the class if I hadn't missed so many days. Test can be a little tough but he gives study guides and offers help. I definitely would recommend.
3.5 : Chemistry is not something that is a strength for me and my highschool chem teacher did not really teach, but Dr. Keerthi made it less of a struggle than I expected. His lectures are great and once you understand something it makes total sense. I did not think I would pass, I had to try so hard but I made it. He is very nice and schedules study ses
4.0 : Dr. Rowley really engages with the class and students. She makes herself available via email and office hours. She really pushes you to challenge your beliefs and your outlook on life. She pushed me to grow and acknowledged my strengths. Dr. Rowley is my idea of what a professor should be. Come to class, participate, do the WORK, and you will pass
4.0 : I took Professor Temoney for an intro to religion class &amp; she's a pretty concise, straightforward teacher. The book is necessary, but towards the end of the semester I stopped using it and went off of her power points. Her lectures are thorough. DO attend her class sessions, DON'T be late. Never got anything under an A on her exams.
4.5 : He has real life experience in the TV field so he knows what he's talking about. Do the assignments, don't wait until last minute and ask questions. Tests are taken straight from his lectures, so take notes and internalize.
5.0 : TAKE HIM! He's younger, and he understands more than any other teacher would. He graduated from FAMU, played football there, registered dietitian. You can tell he loves his job and area of expertise because he don't mind personal question such as health tips and ways to eat healthy and lose weight. Easy A. Gives extra credit too
5.0 : This class reinforced areas I needed to review.  This is my favorite teacher, he is the best I have ever learned from.
5.0 : I enjoyed this professor, but the class was very difficult.  This course needs to be earlier in the curriculum.  I did not think I had learned that much, but I have already used this a lot in the clinic.
5.0 : Tough love.  He demands excellence from you, because he is excellent and knows that you are capable of excellence too.
5.0 : He really cares about his students and does whatever he can to ensure that they understand and learn the material.
5.0 : Course and material is not easy, but he teaches and explains in many different ways to help you understand.  Exams require a lot of thinking, and by the end you will know if you really understood the material or not.
5.0 : Best class I have taken at FAMU.
5.0 : I wish he taught all the orthopedic courses.  This was definitely one of my favorite courses in the curriculum, largely due to the professor.
5.0 : Each class was unpredictable (in a good way), you never knew what to expect, but it all helped to reinforce the learning and start to put things together.
5.0 : I learned more in half a semester with Dr. Dalal than I did in 4 and a half semesters with the other ortho teacher.  If it were not for his class right before clinicals, I probably would have failed my clinical.
5.0 : She is very caring. A lot of people did not come to her class for whatever reason. She made our final exam a take home exam so that the students who never did any work or came to class would have a chance to pass.
5.0 : LOVE HER!! Class is extremely boring but go anyway (Even if it's just to sleep). I did not buy the book and i survived. She's very sweet and old and the class is highkey easy af. Take it.
5.0 : one of the best professors in Criminal Justice Department. Kind, Patient, nice and absolutely intelligent. She knows her stuff and quite fairly easy.
4.5 : Do Not Buy The Book! just bring a flash drive and get all the .ppts His exams come from the .ppt His quizzes come from the .ppt you should not need any help offers extra credit not much but its something He is a cool dude take him if you need this class
4.0 : 95% class discussions and she wants you to get involved. After each chapter you submit chapter review questions on BB. 2 tests(midterm&amp;final) both BB. 1 paper, 1 group presentation at the end of semester. Gave extra credit for going to certain school events. Took roll almost every class it will count at the end. Great and easy class. Received an A.
5.0 : She's an amazing and  understanding Professor. Take her, you cant lose!
4.5 : He is  so easy. Nobody can't fail his class. The test and the quizzes are common sense but that doesn't mean you don't need to buy the book. He gives at least 6 assignments and you only need to complete 4. Some are going to seminars or a ride along. Others are 2 page papers about a topic in the book. Overall he is super easy.
4.0 : She is absolutely amazing ! If I could , I would take her again for math! She wants you to learn so if the class isn't comprehending well , she isn't going to move on. She is big on class participation and she goes over the study guide before the exam! Do the math lab and don't be hesitant to raise your hand, she wants to help you.
4.0 : took her for the summer a good teacher just moves a little fast . important to pick up the information asap or you will be lost . other than that a good teacher . also be prepared to work in partners the whole time
5.0 : Yes leave you were here with one of the easiest teachers are overhead .  Paces it to her class and ask questions she will help you.  Participation in her class  is huge.   My math lab is important for her class . I got nothing but A's on my test. Her final exam is just like the study guide she gives you. If you want to pass the class take her.
3.5 : She's a bit aggressive, but she is always there for you. I highly doubt she will ever cancel a class for any reason in her control. There is a lot of homework, but it is only hard if you don't complete as she teaches. Do not let it pile up on you, you will regret it. She hold countless review sessions for regular tests, make up, and the exam.
5.0 : Lover Her sooo much never ever knew someone can teach math like she can, you have to work for your grade but she is going to make sure you pass very patient and caring she needs  to teach other maths here a famu to. Please  take her it will really pay off.
3.0 : Firstly she has a bad attitude, and does not really play around when it comes to her class. With that being said she does care about helping you pass as long as you show that you want to pass and are willing to put forth effort. She will help you. I would recommend this class if there is nothing better open. I had her for MAT 1028
5.0 : This teacher will not fail you as long as you do what's asked she's very flexible if you need help outside of class she is available as long as you set up an appointment. Make sure you attend class she does count absentes. This was my favorite math teacher of all time. She's allows you to ask multiple questions during the lesson.
5.0 : This guy is freaking hilarious! I love taking this class and would take it many times over. He makes sure that the class is more about the students' thoughts about literature and I look frward to writing how I feel about the reeadings given in class. Amazing class taught by an awesome professor. Period.
5.0 : Must take this professor he will make you understanding writing in a fun creative way. Great professor
5.0 : Dr. Showers was an exceptional professor. I loved his class, he is brilliant and very funny, quizzes are given every class session. The test are pretty exact and Dr. Showers goes over what is on the test a couple of days before the exam. Only two papers are assigned during the semester. TAKE NOTES AND READ! And of course, take him for this course!
5.0 : Dr. Showers is a great teacher. You will have to read pages every night for a 5 question quiz the next day, but they are easy i never read the pages but i still passed,some of the questions are common sense. he is funnyy, understanding, and he's not uptight. TAKE HIM!!!!! like seriously, funniest white professor ever!!
5.0 : Awesome teacher helps tremendously with papers need books quiz every class will count attendance very nice and easy
5.0 : Amazing professor. Before this class I was unsure about my writing and thought I wasn't good at it. He helped me improve my writing so much. There's always homework and reading that you must do but it's not hard. It pays off in the papers. There are easy quizzes on the readings. He'll help you any way he can. Just ask.
5.0 : Hes cares about you and want you to pass his class !
5.0 : Best Teacher ever !! So funny and corny, makes class fun so the time will fly by. 4 Essays, the last one is the final exam. GO TO CONFERENCES !!! He's so helpful and will help you get an A on essays. Easy quizzes about twice a week on the reading from the book.
5.0 : greatest man alive. really good English teacher. Relatively lenient and is very understanding. Lectures are enjoyable and essay topics were easy.
5.0 : AMAZING professor. He talks during the entire class, rarely leave early but his lectures are funny, he's completely hilarious. Do all homework and be ready for quizzes , I did not do great on my writings in my opinion but still ended up with a B; most of my classmates ended up with an A. Follow his 10 writing rules and you will be fine.
5.0 : Dr. Showers is one of the best English professors I done had so far. He doesnt procrastinate or scrabble throughout his lectures, some classes can be an hour or just 30mins. Be sure to get the books he ask because he has quizzes out of those very often &amp; he helps you a lot with your essays. so its really no reason to get a bad grade on them.
5.0 : Shes awesome take her.
4.5 : Great class. I'm planning on taking her again. You don really use the text book throughout the course, just use it to study for the quizzes--we had about 3
5.0 : I enjoyed this class. We had projects that were fun and interesting! Theres no class on Fridays even tho its say theres class when you sign up via irattler.
5.0 : Ms. Hope is one of my favorite professors in the School of Journalism and Graphic Communication. This is really an easy A class. Just show up , listen, and do the work that she tell you to do. She will tell you to get a book for her class but don't buy it because we haven't touched the book not once, but the Graphic Arts ruler is a must.
5.0 : Professor Johnson is an adjunct teacher but is awesome at what she does. She is the sweetest person and very helpful. Just don't take her kindness for weakness. Do your work and study for test. The test aren't difficult. Get your book and study.
5.0 : He is the best teacher you could ask for. Physics is already a monster and he helps you tackle it. I would take him for every Physics ever.
4.5 : Good great phenomenal professor
4.5 : I would take Mr.  Bowman for every physics class and lab. He is a wonderful teacher, if not the best. I am not kidding. He goes over homework problems so your bound to get an A on that. Gives a clear study guide, has office hours that he actually uses unlike so many other professors. This class was a blessing.
5.0 : Best physics professor hands down! He introduces the chapter, does examples, and goes over the homework to prepare you for the exam. He also gives a study guide, usually always in his office to explain anything you didn't understand. His grading scale is fair and he gives credit for trying on the test even if the answer is wrong.
5.0 : Bowman is lit high key. He gives you the answer to all the homework and he grades test with leniency. Would definitely take him again
4.0 : He made physics really easy. He would give brief notes and explain concepts. For each exam he also gives study guide and what problems to focus on. He goes over ample numbers of examples and homework problems. Pay attention to those because he  likes to put  them on the test. Lenient grader. Make sure you have a book tho!! He petty about that lol
5.0 : 4 exams and a final, homework (he works out in class). He's a good teacher, especially for physics. Always in his office and willing to help. I had him for lab too and ended up with an A
5.0 : He is amazing, It is an easy A, he gives you the exam the day before. Would definitely take him again
4.0 : Bowman is cool. He works out ALL the homework in class. Gives extra credit for each test. He also tells you exactly whats going to be on the test. He's always late. There is a final but its not hard. There's no reason to fail this class.
5.0 : Take her, she is funny and can talk to her about anything . You only take 3 exams and one of them is take home and the last one you can bring your book or notes but you don't really need the book and can get any version of it. The class is really straight forward.
5.0 : She's very sweet, gets to know her students. We had two take home tests this semester (not sure how she's done it in the past and if she will continue doing this), a few homework assignments, and a final project. Really easy A, and she's willing to work with you if it isn't. We have a textbook but many people don't use/didn't buy it.
5.0 : MUST TAKE HER!!! Professor Green is just simply AMAZING. The work is not hard you just have to do it. She is very funny and open and honesty with you. You will enjoy coming to her class. She is one of the few FAMU professors  who actually has your best interest at heart. Don't take anyone else stick with MRS. Green, she is the best!!
5.0 : Loved this class and her! TAKE HER!
5.0 : She is one of the most genuinely caring teachers I have ever had. Her class was very fun we often had juicy class discussions about relatable topics. As far as the workload, as long as you turn in articles on time you're good. Theres 3 exams one is open book and one is take home. there is one presentation proj. Please take her.
4.5 : She is so nice! She really cares about her students. The classroom setting is so relaxed, she does take attendances but class is so fun that you want to go! I have never taken a in class test for her, all of her tests have been take home! If you want to learn and have fun while doing it, TAKE HER!
5.0 : She is the best professor on campus! Very nice and understanding, just don't take advantage of her niceness. We discussed very fun topics in class such as online dating, sex, and drugs. She even shares her opinions and experiences on these topics. I'd definitely take her again.
5.0 : Professor Green is such a great teacher. You can talk to her about anything! She makes her lectures in class interesting and opens her classroom to many class discussions. Don't take advantage of her kindness tho, she is serious about her work. Also don't think that her tests are all take home tests because all of them won't be like that. Take her!
5.0 : Mrs. Green is the absolute BEST!!! If I could I would definitely take her again. There was only 2 test, one was take home the other was open note/book for the first 15 minutes. There is a final but you will work on it through out the semester and its real easy. She really cares about her students I would recommend taking her.
3.5 : Prof Brown is so funny. His class is so easy. He gives 500 word essays every now and then but he doesn't even grade them. Everybody has an A. The hardest assignment is the portfolio at the end of the semester. Even though he never took attendance I still showed up because the class was hilarious and we went to the caf afterwards!
5.0 : Mr. Brown is very easy, he rarely comes peer mentors teach the class basically. If you guys do portfolios start it earllyyyyyy you don't want to be stressed about it at the end. He doesn't take a attendance but this class is a great way to learn the school and get involved.
5.0 : Berry is a very sarcastic professor so beware. Please show up to class ON TIME and you need the Book. He doesnt give clear instructions on what he wants and never puts things on blackboard when he is suppose too. 2 Test (thats when the books comes in handy). He gives extra credit too.
5.0 : Hilarious
5.0 : Professor Berry, is the type of teacher you WANT to get along with. Do not miss his class. Although he is very funny and you rarely get homework, (besides a 2-3 papers &amp; 1 test), you need to read the book. You read a chapter and discuss it in class, literally. Be involved, even if you hate it, because he respects you more when you at least try.
5.0 : great professor and super patient.
5.0 : If you can take her class TAKE IT you will not fail she makes her exams online and it's easy to pass we have test reviews before them she's funny and young so everybody relates to what she brings up attendance is necessary but there's ways to get around it she doesn't know everybody in the class. We get extra credit opportunities like every week
4.5 : I love her . Her work is super easy. Didn't write any paper's at all. She gives lots of extra credit. We had about 2-3 group projects. Everyone should pass with a high B. The book is helpful but if you know about basic politics you shouldn't need it.
4.0 : Professor Hunter is an amazing teacher I've taken 3 of her class and have pass all three with an A. You do not need to buy the text book, but it is useful, for POS 2001 there were no test just 3 papers, 2112 and 2041 there were maybe 3 test all online and easy. She's young and makes her lectures interesting and fun.
3.0 : We only had 3 tests and a group classes. There's ample extra credit opportunities, and she's young so she's a little less formal. She posts her lectures online, and the tests aren't hard. Got an A.
3.5 : doesn't accept excuses, not because he's trying to be stubborn he's just trying to prepare you for the rest of your college career.
5.0 : For SBI Students, we all know how PLD and GEB goes. I recommend farmer because he not only talks about real life and living in business but he also helps with GEB and SBI problems you may have. Only a few short essays to write, attend every class, do not fake signatures.
5.0 : If you basically come to class pay attention and do all the other stuff like forum, company and etc they will get an A.
5.0 : Had him for SLS, he's really cool and down to earth. He doesn't accept excuses though, if he gives a deadline, you need to meet it or you'll get an F. Many of my classmates did not do their SLS portfolios when it was due and it cause them to fail. But as long as you do the work he assigns, you'll definitely like him. Attendance is mandatory!
4.0 : Attorney Coleman is very cool, chilled and cute but like any professor sometimes she has her moments. gotta dress business casual for her class and be on time. Buy the book and read as much as possible. Her exams are difficult, gives homework almost every class. Attend extra credit seminars. dont piss her off, it makes the exams harder.
5.0 : He really cares about his students. He's a wonderful professor. He's also one of FAMU's best professors!!!  I absolutely loved his class and learned a lot! He's helpful and really want to help you succeed. Do your work and you'll pass with an A.
5.0 : The best prof that I've had thus far! Mr. West is very knowledgeable and cares about his students. He's lenient &amp; fair because what he does for 1 class he does for his others.. Lectures are on powerpoints &amp; the tests (online) come directly from that. Book is not required &amp; he has a Groupme keeping you updated the whole time. Def an Easy A class!!!!
4.5 : An amazing instructor, so smart and passionate about what he teaches. He is also ready to help the student in solving the problems.
4.0 : Come to class and do the work and you will pass with an A. Most of the work is online, and it's pretty easy. She is a GREAT professor. I would take her class again if I had the option.
5.0 : Amazing teacher you will learn in this class without even trying. All of the work is online except for the final and midterm exam. Attendance is mandatory so make sure you come to class.
4.0 : He is an amazing teacher. I took him for social psychology alongside PSy racism and prejudice. He makes you work for your grade. Also giving plenty of extra credit opportunities to recover your grade. He cares about your learning. And you will leave his class understanding everything.
5.0 : Dr. Tani is a great professor! His teaching style is the best I've ever had. Although he makes you work for your grade, it's in a good way. You will definitely learn in his class, you really don't have a choice. He has taught me how to take real notes. I advise everyone to take him, he will give you a real professor experience.
5.0 : I love professor Tani. The class is a hybrid class which means the lectures are online and you only have to go to class when you have a exam, group meeting and presentations. He gives group exams and gives tons of extra credit. You only need the book for the group paper. I would take him again .
5.0 : Wonderful professor, very smart and loves helping out his student, I would definitely take him
5.0 : I enjoyed Dr. Tani's class because the articles that were being read in class was viable information. He was also my advisor for Psychology club and he wants you to always be prepared. He is a very nice guy, although make sure you ask questions and go to his office frequently.
4.5 : Loved this class! Hybrid class so you only meet up for important things such as exams or presentations. He gives group exams and a lot of extra credit opportunities. He's very smart and helpful. Also, Make sure to Stay on top of your online homework if you want a good grade.
5.0 : Okay, now listen. YOU ARE GOING TO WORK FOR YOUR GRADE. He will reiterate "This is college" and mean it.  If you want to take a class where you're going to leave actually knowing something then he's the best, also very helpful, he teaches, always ready to discuss. He's funny, sarcastic at times but an overall great professor. Be prepared to read!
4.0 : He teaches this class in a hybrid style so you really will have class once a week. Most of the work is online (the homework and test) then you have 1 group presentation and paper. The work is not hard you just have to read it enough so you will remember it and you'll be fine. He offers tons of extra credit so make sure you take fully advantage.
4.0 : He comes off as sarcastic but its just his way of trying to groom you into a college adult. He explores all learning styles he has audio lectures, power points, and even though you have class once a week he still talks about the material in class but make sure your  familiar about the topics because you will have pop quizzes and discussions.
3.0 : class is only once a week. The exams aren't the easiest but if you do the practice exams &amp; HW assignments it will help.. He offers a ton of extra credit. I did none of the extra credit but every thing else along with getting a B or higher on my exams &amp; I passed with an "A"..  He's a great professor, very intelligent but a little sarcastic lol
4.0 : Dr. Tani is amazing! He will make you work for your grade tho so be prepared to read like never before. For this class we didn't have a formal textbook, we used Dr. Welsing Isis Papers and printed reading material. He expects you to want to learn as much as he wants to teach. He may be young but he knows his stuff. Great for recommendations too
3.0 : As a person he's a little arrogant and can be annoying. As a professor he's good but won't spoon feed you. Met up for class MAYBE once a week, sometimes less. Other than that his lectures, homework, and tests are online. Make sure to keep up with reading because he loves to give pop quzzies. Offers extra credit too.
4.0 : Dr. Tani is a great person and teacher. He gives  a lot of work, however if psychology is what you want to pursue you'll learn a lot. But he does give too much work and his test are online and he watches you through a webcam. But there is a way around it. Homework is online too and he gives a lot of extra credit.
4.0 : He makes you work for your grade in his class. It is hard to fail he gives extra credit throughout the entire course. He also drops the lowest test score at the end of the semester. Your main grade is based of of a group project but he helps everyone throughout the process. I loved his class.
5.0 : He is an amazing Psychology professor! The lectures, quizzes, and tests are online, so we don't have to physically meet in-class often. The material isn't hard, but its a lot to remember, so you need to take notes and read the textbook. Lots of extra credit offered. Thoroughly enjoyed the class, highly recommend it!
3.0 : Hes a very young yet down to earth professor. Most of time you are not in class because of online lectures. He gives PLENTY of EXTRA CREDIT. Show up to class and take the group quizzes and do online quizzes and you will pass
4.5 : Ms Watson is such a chill lady Shes very energetic and full of energy when she teaches She gives a ton of work but as long as you DO IT youll get a good grade Shes a very fair grader and she will help you in every way if you go to her office hours Take Ms Watson
4.5 : Ms. Watson is a great teacher. Unlike others she actually cares and teaches from a world view. Her assignments are either you did it or you didn't. And she doesn't have test just a multiple choice midterm and final and then a big group project but if your group does the work you will pass with a A or B. Attendance helps a lot. Book isn't really req
4.0 : This class is super easy. I would recommend taking she for this. Not many assignments. Only a final was given and it was open everything. The midterm was a essay but if you follow the rubric and answer questions you pass. All her classes are easy if you just do the assignments. She doesn't give many and they aren't hard at all. Do roll each class.
4.0 : I respect her as a professor and her style of teaching. She teaches  from a real world stand point and makes you do research and stay on top of your work. At first it will seem like there is no method to her madness but there is. Expect plenty of work and a big group project. Come to class on time and turn in your work no matter what.
1.0 : Horrible teacher. She doesn't teach at all! read the book because she doesnt know what shes talking about
3.5 : As far as for this class I would recommend because she does help you if you ask. The CSS is easy but Javascript can be a little difficult. Her test are straight forward so  study the study guide.
5.0 : She's A Great Professor- Default Group (Student 3)
4.0 : Great teacher Willing to work with students Understandable
5.0 : Ms. Jacobs is one of my favorite teachers here. She cares about her students and will help you when you ask. - Tech Masters #6
5.0 : Default 5
5.0 : Mrs. Jacobs is an awesome instructor she provides you with all the instructions and materials you need to pass her classes! Class is some work and reading  but their is no reason why you shouldn't get an A or B I took CNT 200 with her and COP 3828
5.0 : Default 1 Great teacher! Great class.
5.0 : Ms. Jacobs is a good teacher. She uses the textbook as a tool, but brings in extra resources and encourages students to take the basics seriously. Her quizzes and tests are FAIR and if you study, then they are EASY!
5.0 : Her class is a blast! She is there when you need help but ultimately you do not have to go to class. Its almost like an online class but she will assist and help you whenever you need the help. She is an awesome teacher and everyone should take her.
5.0 : Shes the best ! Strongly recommend ! Really works with you     .
5.0 : Great Teacher .  .Works With You , And Test Are Almost Identical To Study Guide  -- RepairRattlers (4)
5.0 : Did a final project which taught a lot about the basics of computer component. computer tech
5.0 : Group2/Scholars: #1: Amazing Prof!!! Takes time with anyone who has questions or concerns. Her lectures aren't boring, she's actually kind of funny! I plan on taking her for at least 3 more CNT courses.
4.0 : Take this professor she gives extra credit. Scholars #3
5.0 : Whether it's curves or extra credit, I appreciate her effort to help students as best she can.  Sean P
5.0 : The Scholars-6 Pay attention in class and study the lectures that she gives and the class will be a breeze
5.0 : RepairRattler(1)  She is a great teacher and pretty hilarious at times. I will definitely be taking any computer classes if she is teaching. Do your work and you will place.
5.0 : Ms. Jacobs is a great teacher. She cares for her students, she's hilarious, and if you read her material you're guaranteed an A.
5.0 : Ms. Jacobs is great professor she is very easy going as well. Group 1 Computerstein
5.0 : Dr. Price (also the department chair) is everything. I took her for Motor Learning and she is absolutely amazing. She gives extra credit, work is easy, she works with you, she really and truly cares about her students. If she taught anything else I would definitely be in her class. She is the greatest. Take her and you will NOT be disappointed.
5.0 : Ms. Robinson was a great professor to have she is a very good teacher she not hard. But I did enjoyed her teaching the class.
5.0 : Dr. Hudson was a delight to have for class. She is the professor that you would expect to have at an HBCU. She always had me thinking deeper about things, a great professor overall.
3.0 : She was always late and what you know about writing, you will have to undo it and learn to write her way. She is funny and a good teacher but gets off topic a lot
5.0 : Dr. Hudson is straight forward and an amazing professor. If you turn in your assignments on time and participate, you shouldnt earn anything less than a B.
4.0 : I took him this past semester and he was a great professor. He tends to go off topic in class but his rubric is very descriptive and always goes over an assignment before it is due. Overall he assigned four papers and some journal prompts.
5.0 : Amazing course! I learned so much and I  had so much fun too!
4.0 : Professor Lapinsky is a great choice i took him for the fall term and he was very enjoyable and made the class fun there is Two textbooks we didn't really use them but you can rent them of amazon. Overall the class was fun and enjoyable and he is very understanding.
4.0 : There's no way you can get lower than a B in his class. His class is more like a Black History English class. The essays and the assignments are very easy. Barely looked at the book. Took him for 1101 and 1102, and walked out of his class with A's. Highly recommended if you want your transition to FAMU to go very smoothly.
4.0 : Professor Lapinsky is a very easygoing professor. If you do all the work and actually put work into your essays you will do just fine in his class with NO problem. I think there were two books required for the class in the syllabus but only used one. He does a lot of discussion board journal prompts but they are very easy. Take him!
5.0 : Professor Lapinsky is one of FAMU's BEST Professors on Campus. He focuses on black history, current events and identity in his class and in the literature that we study. To make a long story short, unlike the many other professors that I had, Professor Lapinsky made my transition into college way easier! If you see his class open, please take it!
5.0 : theres no way you can fail his class! The writing assignments arent hard and he gives great feedback P.S, all you need is a blue book, the writing in action &amp; America Now book is not needed AT ALL, never even used it
5.0 : The keys to success for passing Lapinsky class is to do all the work and show up. Don't ever miss his class. The essay are pretty easy. Go to his office hours if you need help. The only thing I don't like is that you don't know your grade till the end. I received an A in his class.
5.0 : Lapinsky is a GREAT professor ! All you need to do is show up to class and complete all the work that is given. In my class there was only 4 essays, 1 quiz and journals that were graded. The only thing that I didn't like was that you didn't know your grade until the end of the semester. We didn't use the books at ALL, so I wasted money buying them.
5.0 : You only use two books for his class. A novel that you'll read in class along with the ENC 1102 book he'll recommend to you. Very cool guy and very helpful when you reach out for help. Extremely understanding and grades somewhat hard but will give you great feedback so that you'll always do better on your next paper. One of the best ENC teachers.
5.0 : Great professor that really puts her soul into the class. She's funny and has valuable opinions about her subject. She lectures often but the tests come directly from her lectures. Attendance is definitely mandatory.
5.0 : I Absolutely LOVE Professor McLeod! She is so classy and well dressed. She really inspired me as a student to be the best that I could be. She doesn't like phones in the classroom, so keep them out of sight. Not absolutely necessary to get the textbook. None of her exams are multiple choice, so study HARD ! PLEASE be on time to her class!!
5.0 : Dr. T is a great Physics Lab professor. She really knows the material and presents it very well. If your lab reports are not up to par, she will work with you and tell you what needs to be done.
5.0 : TAKEEEEEEE HIMMMMMMMMMM! There are only three exams and it is super easy to cheat in his class. All of the test are multiple choice/ true-false questions. Trust me when I say TAKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE HIMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!
5.0 : Take him! HE IS THE BEST PERSON TO TAKE FOR THIS COURSE! I promise that this is an easy A! Just study and show up!
5.0 : He's really nice and does not want to fail anybody. He doesn't make you do lab reports, you just go to class do the experiments and you can go home. His tests are on a PowerPoint making it harder to cheat, so make sure you read. The questions come directly from the PowerPoints he uploads on BlackBoard.
5.0 : Had him for Bio 1 Lab. Dr. Girgis is SO nice. He makes every test as easy as possible (true/false, multiple choice questions), and doesn't even require lab reports. I got 95% or above on all of his tests with just a little effort. A few students didn't even come to Lab, but it was worth attending. He teaches from boring powerpoints tho.
5.0 : This class is soooo incredibly easy!!!!! Just do good on the test (which are brutality easy) and you'll get an A no problem. PLEASE TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Dr. Girgis wants you to pass and always greets with a nice "God bless you".
5.0 : Honestly loved this professor. Hes is very nice the test are easy just study the power points.
5.0 : Girgis is a very nice professor. He tells you exactly what is on the test, make sure you study his powerpoints. Just don't come in late, don't come in with food in your hand or drink anything in the lab. He doesn't require you to purchase lab coats, or the lab manual like any other professor. His class was an easy 'A'. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Dr. Kent-First made A&amp;P a great class. She is an excellent professor. Highly reccomended.
5.0 : Great teacher! She loves what she does and is very knowledge . So kind and caring. Doesn't tell. She wants you to learn and she wants all of her students to pass.
5.0 : Dr. Kent-First is an amazing professor. She's VERY lenient, she cares about her students and wants what's best for you. Her class is cake, trust me you won't regret it. She barely takes attendance btw
4.0 : Dr. Kent-First is pretty easy going. She gives all information in her lectures and the lectures are important because everything she says WILL be on the tests . If you study, you WILL pass. I promise you, you need to study.  Homework wasn't really given. She doesn't use blackboard much as far as announcements so ask questions about dates in class.
5.0 : Dr. Kent-First made biology an understandable subject for me.  She was always available to help me outside of class - even on the weekend!
5.0 : As a lab Prof shes great, as a lecturer shes boring but shes amazing sweet and down to earth. you cant fail her! come to class it counts as a grade and it can hurt you in the end for final grades. I walked in an hour late for my final and she STILL let me take the final its rare to have a professor like that! and dont take advantage of her niceness
5.0 : Professor Vahab is a great teacher. If you do the sample tests he posts on Blackboard then the tests will be super easy. Do your Math Lab and the Gym problems for extra help and go to his office hours. GO TO CLASS. Especially if you have him for intermediate algebra because we need extra help. He reads off the slides and offers extra credit.
5.0 : I can tell that he cares about the students and wants us to pass. He gives extra credit when you participate. The study guides really do help with the actual test as long as you study the outlines he gives you should pass there is no reason for anybody to fail the class. If you need extra help he has no problem with you coming to his office.
5.0 : Very good professor! He is pretty new, but you can't tell. It is not a hard class, however he is a great teacher so out of respect you will show up! Pretty much common sense class, but he makes it interesting.
5.0 : All homework and quizzes online with an unlimited chance to increase your grade. You're allowed to bring in a cheat to the exams. He takes attendance at the end of class so you can show up late. He has a strong accent. Extends homework if you have a good excuse
4.0 : thick! not that has anything to do the excellent level of professionalism displayed in class. enjoyed class. pay attention and participate that's the most import part of class. test online.  took her back in 16.
