1.0 : - English isn't his first language - He is very strict, ridiculous policies. (plug in one wrong number on an exam problem, there goes a letter grade, as I did.) - most of his policies seem to be there to hurt your grade. - He doesn't know the subject - by far the worst professor I've had. Just very frustrating to try to pass his class.
1.5 : Test typically include 2 problems and an "essay" section.  Ume's first language is not English and his comprehension of student's essay answers is low.  Asks very vague questions but will only accept a few possible answers.  You are wrong, even if you put down the correct answer.  Problems are easy, but you'll lose most of your points on the essay.
1.0 : Four Horseman of Georgia Tech teaching one of the hardest math classes for Engineers(2552). Went to all recitations and material was fine, until the test was completely different than what we covered at recitation. Completely utterly failed the test, then dropped. He isnt a good lecturer either and is not very pleasant to interact with.
1.0 : As someone who's taken ODEs at a different university and passed with flying colours, he and his TA's seemed to make everything much harder than they are. DO NOT TAKE even if you want to be challenged.
1.0 : Didn't know I was taking one of the four lowest class averages at Tech until the class average for our first test was a 33%. He doesn't give partial credit on tests, and is overall just an unfair course for students who are looking to excel.
5.0 : He is GREAT in upper division classes (I've heard he just hates engineers).  His lectures are some of the best I've had at tech, it was easily the class with the best attendance I've taken.  He was extremely helpful and passionate about teaching.  He expects a lot for sure, our final was a monster, but the final grades in the class were very high.
2.0 : He teaches the statistics at a very fundamental level.  His flow is very poor, the homework problems are awful, and you won't learn how to do anything in the lectures.
2.0 : Going to class is pointless. Sometimes I felt anxiety about how much time and energy I was wasting by GOING to class rather than skipping. The homework is ridiculous and he assigns way too much for you to have time to learn it and do it properly without chegg. The only lectures worth going to are the ones preceding tests because he gives sample Qs
1.0 : Seems like a good guy, but is really  bad at explaining material and is very disorganized. He interrupts you when your asking a question because he thinks he knows what your asking before your finished, so this process takes a while, by then you give up and learn nothing. Tests could be simple but not clear at what he wants you to give,  etc.
3.0 : Decent lecturer, though he does have an accent, frequently abbreviates on the board, and jumps around on topics. While not necessarily proof heavy, he also doesn't do that many actual examples either. Textbook for HW only. Tests are a bit on the easy side, but no practice tests, so also fairly unpredictable.
3.0 : Quizzes everyday but go in with homework.  Hard to understand, but really easy class.  He tries his best to be clear.  85 is an A.. sooo... ya
1.5 : Do not take if you want to learn Calc 1. Hard to understand and his lectures are DIRECTLY from the textbook. He does not explain the concepts well. He just rewrites directly on the board. daily quizzes are pretty difficult. To get a good grade you have to rely on the curve at the end of class
5.0 : Very smart professor, interesting course.
1.5 : Hard to understand and lectures would be useless except the daily quizes make it pretty mandatory. If you actually want to learn you have to use the textbook or hope for a good TA. Do not take if you want to learn Calc.
1.0 : Exams were very difficult and lectures were almost word for word from the textbook. Very difficult to understand when talking (faced board almost the entire time). Very difficult to reach via email (3-5 days to respond if at all). Daily quizzes made attendance almost mandatory and exams were very difficult.
1.0 : He makes no sense and talks to the board. Make friends with the PLUS leader and the TAs and you will be able to make a decent grade because he has a different grading scale (60-69 is C, 70-84 is B, 85 up is A). He was literally the worst and I am so scared for Calc 2 because I learned nothing in this class.
1.0 : Hope you like true false questions because that's about all you get to show what you know in this class. He lectures directly from the textbook to the board, yes he speaks only to the board. Because of the true false questions on all of the exams, quizzes and the final, there is no partial credit and it is entirely conceptual. yikes.
1.0 : Komerath is the worst professor I have ever seen. He rushes through what he expects you to do. He seems uninterested in teaching as much as he is interested in talking about his past work experiences. Do not try to ask him a question about what you should do he will say "ask someone of your colleagues". Do not expect help outside of class. AVOID!!!
1.0 : Literally the worst professor I have ever had. He gives ridiculous assignments with little to no instruction and is terrible at answering questions. This is a one-hour course and he gave WAY too much work and no help at all. I have spent the entire semester trying to not let this class taint my perspective of the major.
1.0 : The only reason I would advise you take any class with this guy is if you truly enjoy reading all of the material before class, doing the homework a week before it is due, and coming in with questions. If you show up to class expecting him to teach you the material, you are sadly mistaken. You have to teach yourself, he sees himself as just an aid
1.0 : Worst professor at GT. He writes stuff on the board that he is unsure about and assigns homework that he himself doesn't know how to solve. His assignments include phrases such as "Try this and let me know" or "I am not sure if this works". He expects us to derive equations that are 2 pages long. Thats right, 2 PAGES long.
1.0 : Dr. Komerath is not very organized with lectures. He makes a 1 hour introductory class an extremely hard class by assigning homework that does not relate to the material covered in lecture. In addition, he gives no directions or rubric on how to do the homework.
1.0 : He's not organized at all with his lectures, and often gets off topic through stories. The assignments are never clear. His lectures are super boring. The bright spot is that there aren't any tests for this intro class, so as long as you get in a decent group for the projects or work with other people, the assignments aren't too bad.
2.0 : This class is supposed to be fun and exciting. Instead, it was a boring lecture with other professors' notes. He didn't know what projects we had to do, and often made mistakes.
1.0 : Never take this class unless you are a math guy
2.5 : He teaches well but he goes too fast in class. He is willing to help in office hours. His tests and quizzes are written in a way that you are not used to seeing from the homework. Tests reflect the quizzes. Must KNOW material instead of being familiar with it. Also, USE YOUR TAs OFFICE HOURS! MATHLAB is a joke for this class, only your TA can help.
2.0 : Heartless. Exam score range is from -100 to +100, meaning you could get a negative score. He is a tough grader. You will be deducted by a relatively big portion of points for a small mistake. However, exam scores are curved.
3.5 : Go to class. Honestly, she isn't as hard as everyone makes her out to be. Reading the book and attending lecture is essential. Not the most interesting person, but LaPlaca is a genius. She knows her stuff, and shes a really nice person. Her tests have gotten a lot easier since shes started, and she's adjusting well. LaPlaca &gt; Barker
2.0 : Dr. Laplaca tries active learning by incorporating clickers into her lectures near the end of the semester. She uses mostly slideshows during lecture and a few hand-drawn diagrams. Make use of the textbook. Her tests are a combination of multiple choices, fill in the blanks, and free response questions. There is a need for memorization of vocab.
1.0 : Nope, nope, nope. Her lectures are awful and her tests are worse. She doesn't even know some of the material. She shows up late and keeps ou late. Much harder than other professors who teach this class. Would not recommend.
3.0 : She has definitely reduced the difficulty of her exams over the years. Boring lectures, but exams are manageable if you read and keep up with the material. There is a large amount of material so keep up and you'll be fine.
1.0 : Extremely boring lectures, takes forever to return tests/assignments back to you and seems like she does not care for her students. She makes you do concept maps that are not helpful and just reads off her powerpoints, and does not come prepared. AVOID!
1.5 : Non-helpful. Moves too fast, doesn't tell you what you will be tested on, don't take her.
3.0 : She sometimes went off tangents during class, but her tests were fair. The information could be sometimes tricky, but with a little effort, you'll be fine. Her practice tests are really helpful, and the use of MyMathLab online helped me study! She takes random attendance, so go to class. Quizzes every Friday during recitation, which were also fair.
3.0 : She's alright in lectures. Her tests are straight forward but it's really hard to do well on them even though I know what I'm doing. She tests more about how quickly you can calculate numbers rather than how well you know the material.
1.5 : Would not recommend. The only reason I took this class was because I had to get it out of the way. Her tests are not unfair, but are so incredibly long. She has absolutely no regard for students' feelings and does her best to AVOID answering questions in class by giving answers that have nothing to do with the question asked. Terrible communicator.
1.0 : Would not take again. She released test grades after the drop date. Makes no sense during lecture. Has incredible technical issues every single day. Really, truly a painful class with her as a professor
1.0 : Refused to let TAs teach at all during recitation, and instead continued her lecturing. Lectures had no order, structure, or clarity, rather more of a rambling about math of some sort. When I asked for help outside of class, she told me "You have to figure it out." Exams and quizzes were very difficult and too long for the allotted time.
1.0 : I had a hard time understanding her because of her accent and tendency to mumble. The tests are straight-forward, but she tries to shove too much material in a 50 minute period, making it impossible to check your work. Homework barely helps (does not give answers to learn from mistakes). And there is a ridiculous coding project.
1.0 : I've scored above average on every single exam this semester but I've never actually gotten above a C+ on one lol . Stopped going to lecture a month in because I realized I didn't learn anything. She doesn't care about her students at all. One time a kid asked if she could explain a question on a practice exam and she just smiled and said "no".
1.5 : Bad lecturer whose notes are illegible and unhelpful. Must rely on other professors' notes. Best thing about this class: final grade historically curved 5 - 10 points. Worst thing about this class: not enough time given on tests. Also, you receive grades sometimes after a month. There's a time-wasting project to boot.
1.5 : I couln't understand a word she said, and the tests pretty much had nothing to do with the lecture/homeworks.
1.0 : Horrible at teaching the material, does not prepare you for exams, hard to understand, unreasonable grader
4.0 : She is extremely helpful during office hours, especially the day before a test. If you don't understand a quiz grade, ask! She will explain the grading and fix it if it is a typo. She doesn't respond quickly on piazza, but email is a safe bet for communication. Read the textbook unless you know everything about differential calculus.
1.0 : Tests have nothing to do with lecture or homework, they are much much harder. Lecture isn't helpful because she doesn't know how to explain things. Better off learning from khan academy or from mymathlab.
4.0 : Not the best, but not as bad as her score here suggests. Tests&amp;Quizzes are hard bc you don't have much time, but they're very similar to practice exams &amp; recitation worksheets + she is fairly nice while grading. HW helps loads. She is very proof based in her lectures, so I'd recommend studying online ahead of time if thats not your style.
3.0 : Honestly, she gets a really bad rep. Her lectures are not the best, but her office hours have been incredibly helpful. It may not seem like it during class, but it is obvious that she wants everyone to do well. TLDR: GO TO OFFICE HOURS AND IT WILL ALL BE OK
2.0 : She is a very helpful professor . . . outside of class. In class, while she CAN be helpful, she runs through things assuming we know what's going on. If you have to take her, GO TO OFFICE HOURS AND READ YOUR TEXTBOOK. Also, do here practice exams and get ready for proofs. In general, if there's a better professor, TAKE THEM.
5.0 : I NEVER showed up to lecture, but when I did she was very funny &amp; definitely kept you interested. She didn't really teach she just talked about what we were learning about was like &amp; shared anecdotes. I just read the chapters the tests were on a couple days ahead of time &amp; I nearly got a 100%. Plus she lets you work on the group project from day 1.
1.0 : Lectures are absolutely terrible. No point in attending, she "lectures" on the material you needed to know the night before in order to do the graded online homework (which is tedious and you usually need to read the textbook to figure out). Tests arent terrible but you actually need to study
4.0 : Prof. Ries clearly presents the economic principles from the standpoint of a free-market economist herself. There are 5 exams, so the course is exam heavy while offering many opportunities to redeem your grade. The lectures are going to be based primarily on slides that present clear explanations of economic principles. Attendance is recommended.
3.5 : She genuinely cares and is enthusiastic about economics, evident in her copious stories of tax reform and economic advice given to countries worldwide. Those same stories, which may sound exciting, can become very boring, as they take up much time during lecture. For that reason, many people skip. The course is not too difficult, not bad overall.
1.0 : Rude and wastes a lot of time
1.5 : Don't ever go to lecture, just read the textbook. She's a great and qualified economist, but a HORRIBLE teacher. She does nothing but make the same hand motions over and over again without clarifying. She'll make you feel dumb for asking a question, and she is not understanding of any situations at all. Do the homework, also.
1.0 : I HATED THIS CLASS. GOING TO LECTURE IS USELESS BECAUSE SHE RARELY TALKS ABOUT ANYTHING BESIDES HER RANDOM ACCOMPLISHMENTS. THERE'S AN IN CLASS QUIZ EVERY CLASS BUT THEY'RE UNGRADED AND TOTALLY POINTLESS. BEWARE. THERE WILL BE A TEST EVERY OTHER WEEK WITHOUT FAIL. EVEN IF YOU'VE ONLY MET ONCE SINCE THE LAST TEST.(I LEARNED THIS THE HARD WAY).
1.0 : You may as well be taking this class online for all she teaches, or rather, doesn't teach. She never effectively gauges student understanding &amp; flat out refuses to help students who are struggling. I've taught myself all the material and am barely scraping by. Infinitely infuriating class.
1.0 : Your grade is pretty much based on 5 exams throughout the semester. Many people skip lecture , and honestly going to it won't get you very far. The tests are difficult, and she gives little guidance, refusing to answer questions. Her lectures are not useful, and she tends to go on about her stories. Qualified professor but low quality teaching.
1.5 : The least organized class taught at Tech. Lectures are solely activity based; unfortunately, the activities rarely teach you anything, and take up all the lecture time, so you must read on your own. She makes no effort to tell students what to study for the tests; the tests feel completely different from the lecture material, since there is none.
1.0 : Professor Ries is awful. Exams are 80% of our final grade and none are dropped. There is no opportunity for extra credit either. Homework assignments are twice a week and can take hours to complete. This is a ridiculous amount of work for an introductory economics course.
1.0 : This is by far one of the worst classes I have ever taken. Ries teaches straight from the slides. There is absolutely no point in showing up to class and she does not clarify anything. There are 5 tests that count 80 percent of your grade. This class is AWFUL.
2.0 : Lectures are a complete joke and your grade pretty much depends on the 4 exams during the semester. Material isn't too difficult so if you take the time to read from the textbook and teach yourself everything you should be fine
3.0 : Prof. Ries structures the class so she reviews the information you should have read for homework. If you have taken AP Economics or don't mind teaching yourself, she is okay. Alternatively, if you want someone who teaches, she is not the right professor.
1.0 : Honestly, this class is not that hard. Although she is a pretty awful professor, the material is not difficult! Read the textbook the day before, and the tests will be easy for you. You literally can skip every lecture, read the textbook the night before, and ace the tests. The homework kind of sucks, but just do it, and you will be fine.
4.0 : Chernoff was a bit difficult to understand at times, but I got used to his accent quickly. Our test averages were mid-Bs with him, he curved our homework, and took the highest of our quiz grades. He taught fairly well and made class enjoyable with his funny tangents and comments. If you went back through his lecture slides the tests were fine.
1.0 : Don't take him. His accent is so strong that it makes learning in his course almost impossible. I have no idea what he was talking about in protein bio and yet the pre-requisite for the course is BIO 1510. Also, his grading is very harsh.
1.0 : The lectures were off track, boring, and hard to understand because of his heavy accent. His tests were nothing like the recommended problems, past quizzes, or material emphasized in class. They were also difficult to finish within 1.5 hours because they were 12 pages with multiple parts. Do not take him.
1.0 : Dr. Toktay's sustainability class perhaps is the most boring class I have ever taken. She does not seem interested in discussions at all and is all into turning your phones/tablets off. The last session does not differ from the first one in terms of what you have learned so far. Just give her 'boss' and take credit.
1.5 : I went to every lecture and had trouble. The lectures are useless, you pretty much only learn from the book. And don't expect the homework to help, even when he posts the "solutions" you have no idea what the correct answers are. Godspeed
1.0 : No homework, no quizzes, no final. 4, non-cumulative tests and that's your grade. Lectures are useless, and tests are straightforward.
1.0 : Lectures are not understandable at all, tests are pretty straightforward but hard since you have to learn everything on your own through the textbook. No HW, no final,  your grade is the avg of four midterms.
1.0 : He is very unclear about grading criteria, especially for tests. Ok his tests, I have lost more than half the points on problems that I got the correct answer for, because I didn't make a diagram, even though this was unasked for. If you take his class, be prepared to do things exactly his way or you will struggle.
3.0 : His lectures are very, very boring, but if you sit through them, you'll still learn a bit more than what you would have learned by just reading the textbook.  The tests are extremely easy, and its very easy to get an A on the tests (uncurved).  I am an MSE major, so I may have found his class more interesting than others.
1.0 : I meant to sign up for a different teacher and didn't realize until it was too late.  HUGE MISTAKE.  He is unqualified to teach this class.  The tests are 70-80% straight off the homework and the rest is complete luck.  This is insanely unfair and I will be writing to the department to recommend he does not teach this course again
1.0 : Would strongly recommend taking another professor. I attended all class, did all homework (not mandatory), pre-testes and still did poorly. Get ready to read a lot. Professor does a poor job of communicating.
1.0 : Hu is easily the worst professor I've taken at Tech. He changed his grading scheme for an important project halfway through the semester. Was told mine was an A quality, he actually gave me a C. He is a jackass, plain and simple.  I had to email him at least 5 times before he would respond once. During class it seemed like he had no idea what to do
1.0 : Very disorganized lecture. He doesn't even know how to solve his own hw question if you have question about it and if you want an A, then read the textbook and do all the problem in the textbook (I mean like everyone of them). On the plus side, textbook is not difficult to understand but thats about it. Self teaching course if you must.
4.0 : Best professor I have had at tech. Funny and personable. The 7 quizzes are not very difficult if you do the HW and extra problems. Final is optional and he lets you use it as a grade replacement. But compared to the quizzes it is pretty hard so avoid having to take it. Overall great class and professor. Definitely recommend.
2.0 : While ECE3043 was awful, 4043 was one of the easiest classes I've taken at GT. Labs are turned in online and can be worked on in small groups so they never take more than a couple hours. HW is still long, but is similar to past semesters so you can base it off these. Tests are open everything so find previous exams and just copy them for a 100.
1.0 : Brewer is like the symbol of classic Georgia Tech education - hard in an unreasonable way. Lecture teach you nothing. If you're not in front row, you probably won't hear a single word Brewer said. Prepare to have 20+ hours of reading and googling per week. There's a ridiculous curve at the end of semester  curve all Fs to B.
2.0 : Brewer's class isn't tough in terms of material, but he gives a lot of homework. On average it'll take between 3-6 hours on it per week. Labs are also long and usually go over the three hour mark. Tests and quizzes don't count for much and recycle question from previous semesters so they're not too bad. Curves very heavily at the end so most get Bs
1.0 : I am a math major. I had to teach myself Calc 3. His lectures are a waste of time, he insists on doing proofs which 99% students will never need to know. He is impossible to hear and disrespectful to students. if I were you I would skip the lectures and learn from the textbook on your own. good luck..
3.5 : He's good if you know math already. If not, well...
1.5 : DO NOT TAKE HIM. If you do though... be ready to read the book. Going to lectures is useless. Recitation and the book is incredibly useful. Seriously. Tests do come straight from the homework though, so that's nice. Get ready for a lot of stress and a lot of work.
2.5 : Dr. Zeng is a very nice man and he is understanding and sometimes funny in lectures. Unfortunately, he rushes through a lot of problems without explaining them and for some people his accent is hard to understand. I would recommend changing professors if you can't understand him. If that is not an option, then be ready to do a lot of self learning.
1.5 : I'd avoid Zeng if at all possible. He's smart and clearly knows math, he simply has no idea how to teach it. He has a tough accent to understand and can be really confusing. If you get him, I wouldn't go to lecture, but simply read the book (it's honestly a lifesaver) and go to recitation.
1.5 : Professor that knows what he talks about, it's just that you will likely be unable to understand the things he is trying to say (mostly irrelevant derivations).  The textbook is absolutely ESSENTIAL to the course.  Attendance? Not mandatory at all. Go to recitation and study from book and you will pass.
2.0 : Lectures are mediocre. I learned almost everything through recitation, PLUS sessions (go to these always), and 1 to 1 tutoring. Final is worth 40% of the grade. All  quizzes are open book/notes and the problems come directly from the homework so do the homework beforehand. Not the worst class to take but if you see another option... well...
1.0 : A very stressful class because of the obscurity in lectures.
5.0 : I disagree with the comments below. his teaching is fast-paced and he makes mistakes often, but his flow of logic is wonderful. He can point out what really matters. AND MATH IS CRUCIAL FOR ROBOTICS!!! He seems not preparing course seriously. The note he provides is actually from a previous student. BUT, I'm learning a lot from lectures and notes!
1.0 : Very math heavy course, which would be fine if he actually knew how to do the problems. Stumbles through lecture, constantly changes his notation, his work is sometimes missing steps. Expect to read a ton in order to be able to do the weekly homeworks, his lectures are almost useless in that regard. Upside, no tests. Fun group projects.
3.0 : Such a hard class! (The hardest I've ever done?) He cares a lot about the material &amp; is an expert in the field. Trying to get help as a distance student was difficult; he was a little rude sometimes, but he took time out of his day to help, which was great. The Homeworks/Project were very relevant to lecture material &amp;VERY useful in real life
2.0 : Very nice person, not great at teaching. Would recommend reading the textbook on your own time if you take his class and want to do well.
2.0 : This class was very difficult but not impossible. The class average on the first test was very low, and he refused to offer any sort of curve. He is very particular with his grading. His lectures are confusing, but you can learn the material on your own with some extra effort. Hard and frustrating but not impossible
1.0 : Anton spends most of lecture teaching the theorems that can be found in the textbook and explained better there. He spends time on obscure examples instead of teaching how to solve certain problems. You learn most of the material from completing homework. Even if you think you know the material, the tests are worded strangely and are impossible.
1.5 : His main teaching techniques are online multiple choice questions with typos or misspellings, relating math to the electrocution of lab rats, and telling us that the math is just "intuitive". Even after giving a test with an average of 65, instead of explaining the math, he spent 45 minutes explaining the probability behind guessing on his tests.
1.0 : You have to go elsewhere to learn the material.  He confuses himself a lot in class.  I lost count of how many classes he would spend on just one problem, and only in the last five minutes he would stop and announce, "Wait! I messed up. But you get the idea."  No one really did. Students would not have come to class if he hadn't made it mandatory.
1.0 : Very unhelpful never replied to any of my emails. She had promised help on end of class projects but then she claimed to be too busy and went away on various trips. I had received a 89 and the class and sent like three emails during the finals week to get the grade update but never even got a reply. at the least expected a reply denying it.
1.5 : Absolute worst teacher I have EVER had. She responds to you as though you are completely incompetent. The assignments given to you are nearly impossible to "please" her, even though they are generally supposed to be "your thoughts." AVOID THIS PROFESSOR!!!
1.5 : horrible flipped class. hated every second of it. the TA wasnt much help either, and the class seemed more like it was based on rote learning than actually understanding anything. mini-quiz in every class, counts to the final grade, along with larger worksheets after every topic, which also counts.
2.0 : This is one of the most poorly handled flipped classes I have ever seen. For a class that is only supposed to be 2 credit hours, I had to do at least 6-8 hours per week on this  material. The videos are relatively easy to follow, but then you get to class and the worksheet is significantly more difficult. The tests are even worse. Be prepared.
3.5 : This was the first class I got a B in at Tech, but I learned more in this class than in most other classes I've taken. It was tough but very doable (this was the honors version of prob/stats), I believe I could get an A if I took it again. He was a little impatient at times, but for the most part I thought he was a good and considerate teacher.
1.0 : Intentionally curves the course to a 75 average, so half of the class is expected to get a C or fail. He doesn't have any homework grades, only the tests and final.
2.0 : Extremely bad handwriting, almost impossible to recognize. Said he would make the tests easier but never actually did. Never reply to emails. Willing to talk and try to be funny. I got a B before final but a D afterwards. Won't take any classes with him again.
1.0 : CS6505 is a mandatory class for most Online Masters students, however it was made near impossible. Lectures were very brief, barely more than reading off some Wikipedia level facts.  Office hours were not helpful, and very little supplementary help was provided.  Spent 20+ hours on this course, and feel extremely disappointed.
1.5 : His lectures are very confusing and it is really easy to get lost or behind. He only gives you three tests, and each one is only 2 questions. He is a genius, but he is difficult to approach. Get on his good side by showing up and paying attention. I would suggest that you avoid his class at all costs, or get ready to learn from the book.
1.0 : This is the worst professor I have ever had. He mumbles, draws figures the entire class and is always 'that pissed off old guy'. I have been completely lost in the material and he is absolutely no help. And I swear if i hear 'feecteeshius' one more time, I am going to rip my ears off. HE DOESNT EVEN HAVE A SYLLABUS! AND HE DOESNT USE A WEBSITE
1.5 : Resources for you to study with? Don't make me laugh. Even the online homework is often wrong and her materials she does give are 10 years old and for an outdated curriculum.
1.0 : Lectures are scatter-brained and unclear. Gerhardt presents material and equations in a seemingly random way without explaining what the variables are or how they work. Online homework was a joke and not helpful at all. I learned more from the textbook than from her.
1.0 : she doesn't provide any way to rewatch or review lectures, does not lecture well, is all over the place and does not explain well, has powerpoint up but uses white board for most of the notes (so you cannot review this material later), HW does not help you learn because it gives you no feedback,
1.0 : I had her for MSE 1111, and it was bad. The grading was vague and arbitrary, and your entire grade hung on homework and attendance. On top of that, the assignments had nothing to do with topics discussed in class. Also she rambles about useless stuff to fill up time.
2.0 : She is enthusiastic about her subject but doesn't know how to teach. She throws equations and definitions and then assumes we know what they are for. Half of the homework has no relation to the lecture, and the tests are impossible without doing the sample exams first.
1.0 : Professor Deng was, honestly, terrible. His lectures are useless because A) you can't understand him at all and B) they didn't cover useful material at all. Also, the textbook for the class is possibly the worst textbook I've ever seen. Only saving grace is the open book open note exams.
2.0 : Lectures are utterly useless along with her method of teaching, which requires people to learn everything on their own. The material and tests are very easy, however, so skip class read the textbook and you'll be fine.
2.0 : Homework due twice a week. Lectures are completely pointless. She just flips through powerpoints that are posted on online and tells stories about her life. If you are willing to teach it to yourself then you will get an A.
2.0 : She is obviously very passionate about the subject, but the lectures are boring and she is unclear at times.  I did not go to class for the second half of the semester and just read the book instead.
2.5 : Hard
1.5 : really confusng with what he really wants in assignments. condescending.
5.0 : Very passionate/ knowledgeable professor, willing to go out of his way to work with you if you showed genuine subject interest.
1.0 : OK he tricked me to take this course which is a lot different than what he described. It's not an ISyE course. It's not an ME course. It's a weird mixture which the professor himself knows nothing about.
1.5 : Thankfully, you don't need to show up to class. No one goes by the end of the semester, including him. Very difficult to reach, misses appointments. He's a terrible grader.
1.0 : Terrible!
1.0 : Terrible
2.5 : She has an accent, but it's bearable. Do all the homework (busywork, really), attend all lectures (clicker questions=daily work grade), and  read over the study guides at the end of each chapter before tests and you'll be fine. You can add 10 points to your overall grade through extra credit. Tests are multiple choice and very easy/straightforward.
1.0 : Lectures are very boring, a lot of busy work and assignments, A is doable but you have to go to class and do a lot of work, and put in the study time. Not an easy A
1.5 : Taking  online for PSY111, of which she takes waaay too seriously.  Instructions are not clear, and she does not grade homework in a timely manner AT ALL.  She will post that she's offered feedback on an uploaded assignment, but  it is not there.  Do NOT recommend.
3.0 : I was surprised by her poor reviews. Yes, lectures are super-boring and homework takes a bit of your time but she offers way more extra credit opportunities than other professors. Tests are super easy (straight out of her lecture slides). One of the easiest A's I ever made in college!
2.5 : Talks slowly because of her accent.
1.0 : I just took her course and now I'm having to re-take it next quarter with a different professor. Doesn't grade in a timely manner. Lots of reading and writing. Tough grader and her feed back, when she finally grades something, isn't there. There's no way to improve if you don't know what you're doing wrong and how to improve.
2.0 : She doesn't grade in a timely manner and extremely hard for grading. I had her for Baker Online and it was a terrible decision. Her expectations for the length of the class was ridiculous.
1.0 : Had her for an online class and it's a pain. She's a tough grader and the post that she wants are suppose to be mini essays and that's 2 post per day, 5 days a week. I did more writing in this class than I did in my comp classes.
2.0 : This class was very disorganized, and there was a general lack of communication. Dates of HW, quizzes, and tests were almost always changed. Also, these usually had to be done on paper and then uploaded to T-Square, which was confusing. However, Dr. Botchwey was frequently willing to listen and make changes. Most questions came from the book.
1.0 : Dr. Botchwey is terribly disorganized and you will learn very little without complete dependence on good TA/self effort. His general format for class consists of telling students to open a practice quiz and work on it in groups, later going through the problem in a disorganized if not incorrect fashion. He is regularly not present either
1.0 : Ridiculously unorganized. We found out about assignments 2 days before they were due. TAs did most of the teaching but rarely correlate with what Botchwey was going over. He has horrible handwriting and doesn't know how to use his own technology. Poor grading system with little structure. Most test were curved because the average was below a 50.
1.0 : He was very disorganized. He has horrible hand writing and uses an iPad to hand write his notes.. a horrible combination. He is very uncleAR about his expectations for assignments and very rarely gives out an assignment sheet. Every due date usually changes.  He also is not very clear about material for tests.
2.5 : Not a bad professor, had good curves on the tests, but the final is heavily weighted.  Managed to end up with a B in the class after getting As on all the tests and a high B on the final.y
1.0 : DO NOT take this professor. His lectures are so confusing and not helpful for his insanely difficult tests. Only reason I passed was because I had an awesome TA. Nice guy, but bad teacher.
1.0 : Lectures are useless and there is no order on the board. Math reasoning is far from clear in class but he still requires you to be clear in your demos
2.0 : This was one of the HARDEST classes I've taken at Tech--primarily because of Green's teaching style. He teaches from his own notes, gives homework from the book (which doesn't match his lectures), and gives tests based primarily on his lectures. Test averages were abysmal, and the class was curved such that a 58 was an A. Would not recommend.
1.0 : Personally, I like Dr. Green. However, his class is exceptionally hard and the hw does not match the lectures, which means it can take a very long time to figure out.  Would not recommend taking his class.
1.0 : Awful teacher. Tests are open book, be ready to teach yourself everything. 2 tests were easy, but final was on material he said wasn't covered in class/in the book so everyone failed. Dont take if posisble
1.5 : Very bad. Her lectures seem structured, but it is never clear what you're supposed to take away from any given lecture. It is impossible to know how you're doing in the class - she does not answer questions clearly, there is no homework, and at the time of our first exam, we had completed 2 projects and had not received feedback/grades for either.
1.5 : Strangest person I've ever met.  Not qualified to teach the course.
1.0 : Bad advisor for senior design and worst experience ever at Tech. Devoted no time to his teams, provided wrong suggestions and lack of consistency. As an advisor who should help the team, he also manipulated fact and gave negative feedback to coordinators. Be aware if he is ur advisor and don't count on him.
2.0 : Teaches directly from slides. Annotates class notes on PDF. Bring a pillow.  Doesn't give partial credit on grading.
1.0 : This woman is a joke of a professor. She thinks herself better than her students, and made that clear. Her grading rubrics are completely useless and are subject to opinion. She doesn't follow her own guidelines, yet expects students to read her mind. She assigns an unfair workload for a 3 credit hr class. Do NOT take this woman's class.
3.0 : She is super nice and helps with whatever you need. Grading seemed to be really tough though. It is an easy B but the people who got an A really had to work for it. Also there are no tests or quizzes just a lot of busy work and some big projects at the end.
2.0 : Very hard class, boring lecture provides little help cuz most of the time he asks rhetorical questions or derives long equations in the book. Lecture not mandatory, but there are pop quizzes usually on the day HW is due. Tests are very hard, usually 3 problems similar in style to HW. Large curve as avg on tests &amp; quizzes in 60s. READ BOOK DAILY.
1.5 : I magically dropped from A (pre-final) to C because of her final. SERIOUSLY??!!!  class average for COE2001, an easy INTRO class, is 50100 for the 3 out of 4 tests. She would work her ONE homework problem for a whole lecture and still NOT ABLE to give a definite answer. She is a nice person though. BUT her class? NO, HECK NO. do not take her.
1.0 : Terrible lecturer. She would work a couple practice problems during class and often didn't finish the problem or provide a clear answer. She was easy to meet with outside of class for help, and she tried really hard to help me, but she just isn't a good teacher. Partial credit on tests and the grading system for homework was very unclear.
1.5 : Took him for Math 1552 (the new 1502), and after the first few weeks I stopped going to lecture altogether and just went to recitation. I had Brian Do for my TA and he taught me much better than Mou did. Mou has a thick accent, so if you're bad at understanding accents he's not the best choice.
2.5 : Lectures are completely comprised of him copying the textbook onto the chalk board. Hard to understand sometimes, but will help you if you go to him outside of lecture. Most of this class will be learned from recitation (if you have a good TA), homework (practice, practice, practice),  and reading. Final is ridiculously hard but midterms aren't bad
1.0 : I went into the final with all grades above average. I ended up with a c in the class from the final exam only curve.
1.5 : Don't even go to the lectures. He is probably brilliant but he can't communicate the lectures and his accent and lack of volume make him nearly impossible to understand. All you will get in lectures is proofs. Just go to recitation and talk to the other people in your class.
1.0 : Can't understand him at all, better off reading from the book because thats really all he does - DO NOT TAKE HIM
1.0 : Waste of time and resources. Don't take him if you value your sanity.
3.5 : Good!
3.0 : There was a lot of work that went into the projects, but she is very open to communicating if you are having trouble understanding things.
2.0 : Do not waste your time with this class. Not only are there extremely long lectures but 4 individual projects and 2 group projects. That require hours of research and time.
1.0 : Assignments were useless. Didn't learn anything. Avoid taking her if you can. I had her for two classes in one semester and regretted it so hard
1.0 : Horrible professor. He is brilliant, but he can hardly say two sentences without stuttering. Should not be a professor; he should stick to research. This course was too much information for one semester and he even admitted that. Does give plenty of extra credit opportunities however.
1.0 : Doesn't explain concepts or give any helpful answers to questions, probably because he often has no clue what he's talking about
1.0 : This class. It was so boring, and I took microeconomics in high school but he somehow managed to make me question my understanding and left me frustrated. The professor himself is very sweet but his tests are not very good at representing your understanding of the material. Also gives very arbitrary pop quizzes.
1.0 : Boring, Monotonous, uninteresting. His lectures are probably one of the worst lectures i've been to. He talks on one slide for like an hour and then passes through the rest. Class is overall easy and i would say it's an easy A, but his teaching is just horrendous. if you want to learn, go to McCarthy during office hours, He's much better there.
1.0 : boring classes that put you to sleep, his lectures rarely actually address the curriculum; instead, you'll have to learn from a confusing online textbook; lots of pop-quizzes which basically require you to attend every class
2.0 : Very nice guy but very bad teaching style. Explains very difficult material by pointing at presentations at a relatively quick pace. Discrete-choice models can't be learnt this way.
1.0 : The absolute worst professor I have ever had to sit through. Have fun trying to stay awake while teaching yourself all the material. If you have never experienced a teacher who spends a 75 minute class on two slides while talking himself in circles then this is the class for you! Even if you do manage to learn the material, the tests are BS.
1.0 : Class moves at a snails pace. Good luck staying awake even if you try. Homework is unnecessarily difficult. Don't take McCarthy if you want to actually learn econ, be wary even if you're just trying to fulfill a requirement. Honestly the most dry lecturer I've ever had.
1.0 : He destroyed my interest in this class.
1.0 : This has been one of the worse classes I've ever had. McCarthy is the most monotonous, uninspiring professor I've ever seen, and it makes it borderline impossible to stay focused in class unless you really enjoy the subject. Most people would simply not attend or sleep or do homework during lectures. Definitely avoid him, the only class I got a B.
4.0 : Lectures tend to be hard to pay attention to, not very engaging. The homework assignments are great grade boosters though, and give you a good way to study. You retake them a second time to get the grade you want, and there are practice tests before each test. Downside: Pop-quizzes. Overall, not too difficult if you do your work and pay attention.
3.0 : The lectures were boring and not engaging. Although this was the case, the power points from class and the homework assignments have all the information you need. Look out for pop quizzes throughout the semester. If you do all the homework, study the power points for the tests, and complete the practice tests you will do fine in the class.
1.0 : This professor never really explains anything during lectures. He talks with the first page of the PPT on for 70 minutes, then slides through everything. However, his exams are very easy. I spend 2 hours every week reading the textbook and managed to get a high A. Exams only cover the basic graphs in the textbook, so read it and you'll be fine.
1.0 : Worst teacher I have ever had, ended up with an 89.5 and he refused to bump my grade up even though it was do to a mistake on his part regarding homework completion. WORST lecture you will ever take. Avoid at all costs.
1.0 : Nice guy, very boring. Prepare to get the best naps of your life in this class. Beware of pop quizzes, they can sneak up on you.
1.0 : This is the hardest class I've ever taken. I did not take AP stats in high school and I have no idea what is going on in this class. Every time I show up to lecture it feels like I've missed a lecture in between. He is very unhelpful and is often incredibly condescending to his students. Do not take 2027 with him or you're gonna have a bad time.
1.0 : If you haven't taken AP stats in HS , don't expect to get over a C in the class
1.0 : There are good and bad professors and then there's Tovey. Literally the worst professor I've had so far. Not a good intro teacher to IE. Listen to the reviews and avoid AT ALL COST. Very disorganized, gives no partial credit, and should not be teaching at all. If you cherish your life and your sanity, you would listen to me and avoid tovey....
1.0 : Worst professor ever
1.0 : Smart professor , but teaching is not for everybody ! If you care about your GPA , don't do it !!!!!!!! Many students dropped this class because of the way it was taught . Expect ridiculously confusing problems and expect to get 10,5,20 out of 100 on your quizzes ! . (Did not get an A+)
3.5 : He gives quizzes every Monday for homework. He's not the most organized, but if you email him for help he will be able to help you. Genuinely cares if you care. Tests can be difficult but he does give extra credit arbitrarily. *Exceptional* teacher with small groups of students.
2.5 : Nice guy, not the most clear or most interesting lecturer. Will help you out if you approach him.
1.0 : Do not take AT ALL COST. His grading makes no sense and it seems like he doesn't even grade correctly. Just gives points where he wants. He makes up the questions for the tests, and the answers have no clear explanation or reasoning behind them. He just slaps answers together with no clear thinking. Ok class but bad professor.
1.0 : Terrible professor. Yes, he's very smart, but so unorganized and unhelpful in class. If you show up to lecture or not it wouldn't even make a difference. Unable to reword problems/answers to make sense to class. Tests are extremely hard and are just made up questions that don't have any flow with lecture material. Hardest IE class taken yet.
3.0 : Class was always taught with higher expectations of students than he really expected - that is, tests were hard and then curving / extra credit saved the day. Final exam was absurd, didn't seem like the same course as the other tests. Prof was always available out of class and loved when students would meet in small groups to check understanding.
3.0 : I just have to say it, her lectures are terrible. I can attest to straight textbook definitions and minimal examples in class.  But before you write her off, she is extremely helpful if you seek help outside of class.  As far as tests, they're very straightforward. If you can put in a little extra work outside of class, the A is easy and very fair.
1.0 : I didn't learn a single thing in her lecture.
3.0 : Weekly quizzes. There are only 2 tests and a final. Test 1 was very easy while Test 2 was almost made to fail- she then curved the test 10 points. She is very nice and usually negotiable on test dates.
2.0 : Her lectures are really bad. It's impossible to pay attention to her, and what she's teaching isn't very helpful anyway. The tests were so much harder than the quizzes, but luckily I had an amazing TA who would save our class and teach us what we needed to know before the quizzes. I would take just about any other professor before her.
1.0 : One of the worst professors I've ever had. Lecture participation was "mandatory", but it's impossible for her to keep track. Her teaching was all over the place and made no sense half the time. The tests were much much harder than the hw or quizzes. 100% DONT RECOMMEND, but if you're stuck with her depend on your TA and the textbook.
1.0 : One of the worst professors I've ever taken. She was all over the place during lecture, so you can forget useful notes (plus she never finishes examples). I taught myself the entirety of the class with my textbook because lecture was USELESS. The tests were incredibly harder than the material taught. DO NOT TAKE. The curve saved everyone.
2.5 : She doesn't seem to know exactly what she's teaching all the time. She basically just works straight out of the book. Optional homework sucks since it would be really helpful. Easy quizzes but she gives next to no partial credit on tests! Who does that for Diff Eq?! Very condescending. Makes lots of mistakes in lectures.
3.0 : I had Dr. Frederick for linear algebra, and she's okay. Definitely could be worse, but she basically teaches straight out of the textbook. Her lectures are pretty boring and sometimes feel unorganized, but ultimately she gets the job done. Overall not my favorite, but it could be worse.
1.0 : This class will take a chunk out of your life. You'll be left wondering why it was required.
2.0 : Dr. Saeedifard was much better this semester than last. Test questions actually looked familiar (sometimes exactly the same as stuff seen before) and kept exam averages (after curving or giving extra credit) in the 80's. Showing up to class may seem like a waste, but unique material covered there so best to show up. Dry and boring but not the worst
1.0 : Poorly designed course with arbitrary grading and inability to select your own partner for the group project.
2.0 : Tests are from another world. You could study for weeks and still fail. If you thought you did well you still failed. Consistent class averages below 70. He is condescending in class, and makes lectures mandatory even though they are confusing and unhelpful. Going to class actually made me understand less than I did when I skipped. Don't take him!!
1.0 : despite losing points for participation, your grade will actually be better off if you teach the material to yourself rather than attend his boring, nonsensical lectures. You better hope you have a good TA. Test material is so random, and no matter how hard you study, you'll likely still fail, as class averages are in the 60s
2.0 : He is very a very monotone lecturer. However, it is possible to do well in his class. The curve works in your favor, with a 75 being a B and an 85 being an A. He is approachable and welling to help if you go to office hours. His tests are graded very harshly and account for almost all of your grade in the class.
2.0 : Test were difficult with the class average hovering around 67. My TA was my savior. The grade scale adjustment helps though.
2.0 : His lecture's are long, boring, and impossible to pay attention to. He is open to suggestions from his students as to how to improve the class, but that doesn't help. If you go to his office hours, he's incredibly friendly and helpful, but that probably won't help much either. You pretty much have to teach yourself or be blessed with a good TA.
3.0 : He is helpful in office hours if you go. However his lectures are not very useful. I only went for participation. His tests are pretty hard. He does a curve at the end in which he lowers the requirements for certain letter grades. Recitations were the most useful part of that class and thats where I learned the most.
1.0 : Do not take!!!!!!! Hard to understand him, test arent anything like the reviews, and he is not very helpful!
1.0 : Tests are massacres, mandatory lectures are useless to attend, and he takes points off your grade if you answer the online lecture questions but don't come to class. Easily the worst math teacher I've ever had. Also very condescending in class. Surprisingly, if you go to his office hours he's very friendly and helpful... Read the book to not fail.
1.5 : His tests are not like homework or reviews and very hard. He seems friendly in person, but is generally not helpful. He did not respond to all emails. I would avoid if possible. Lectures are confusing and not helpful, but mandatory. He changed the curve multiple times including after the final and with no announcement.
2.0 : This whole class is composed of group projects which seemed okay at first glance but then became very annoying because directions were always vague and often times made more confusing when a student tried to ask for clarification . No matter what you do, you probably still won't get an A. Class was very boring. Nice lady, just not a good professor.
1.0 : Dr. King was not a good professor at all. Class attendance is mandatory and it is extremely boring. Her grading scheme is completely ambiguous and her feedback is awful, therefore no chance to improve. Avoid her at all costs. I considered dropping and wish I had. English should be an easy A, she takes herself way too seriously.
1.0 : This class is a bore to sit through and attendance is taken daily.  It was useless and I didn't learn anything.  That said, English at Tech is a bs class anyway and relative to other teachers, you won't have to put in that much work.  You also are guaranteed a B the second you walk in the door.
1.0 : I hate this teacher. She gave basically everyone B's, no matter how much effort you put into your assignments. Her class is also insanely boring.
2.0 : She was very unclear about what her expectations were for the class, and it was overall very boring. Her assignments didn't really teach anything, and she never gave anyone above an 85 on an assignment. Don't buy the textbook.
1.0 : She was overall horrible. Never taught us anything about writing styles, and the topic was not very interesting. Do not take. Incredibly boring and does not communicate well at all.
1.0 : She is very unclear in her expectations for the class. Very hard grader and expects you to be an expert in the topic and on all the projects. Lectures are very boring and are very hard to pay attention to. Dreaded this class every day and thinks this is the only class we take so the amount of work is insane.
1.0 : Really irritating class, lots of group projects with vague criteria. Very hard to achieve an A on a project and in the class. I thought I would enjoy the theme of the class (Haunted America) but King made group discussions seem mandatory and annoying and projects were even worse.
1.0 : Avoid at all costs. Learned very little at all about writing styles and how to improve upon writing. Lectures are notably boring and dry, and attendance is required. Overall, takes herself and her class much too seriously, and seems to truly believe her English class is the only class we are taking or should care about.
1.0 : Her entire class is just a list of group projects. Her instructions are incredibly ambiguous, she is incredible unhelpful, and she gives literally every project a mid-B, no matter the quality. Do not take.
2.0 : If you do everything right, the highest grade you can get on the rubric is "competent" (4/6) when she grades. She even told us that getting an A on a project is nearly impossible. I've always had high A's in English classes and I'm borderline B/C in her class. She is awkward in general. The group projects are very annoying and time consuming.
1.0 : Avoid this class at all costs. Dr. King is very ambiguous on her directions and struggles with communicating expectations for her class, which is very ironic because the theme of the class is communication across cultures. Took AP Lit &amp; Lang in hs, got As in both classes, got 4s on both exams, and the highest grade I got on any project was a 90.
2.0 : One of the worst English professors I've ever had. The class is boring at best, dreadful the majority of the time. Instructions and expectations for assignments were unclear, making it incredibly difficult to get a decent grade. Project timelines are very short considering the amount of work to be done - and they are all group projects. Avoid.
1.0 : Run Away. I originally stayed in the class because she seemed like a fair teacher. Wrong. The class was boring, assignment instructions were vague, and her grading critiques were nonsensical. She was an unfair grader primarily because her grading expectations were extremely unclear and ambiguous. Until her grading approach matures, avoid the class.
1.5 : Very hard to understand. Speaking to the class, he is not a very good lecturer or very helpful during office hours. However, his slides are actually very thorough. Tests are almost an exact copy of the homeworks. So even if they are optional, do them. Also no calculators which means there isn't any hard math though. Be warned, 4 25% tests. No final
2.0 : He lectures for himself. It is really difficult to follow what he is saying and he will never give a direct answer. Your grade is four midterms no final. The tests are the homework with an additional 20% of material that you will have to get from the books or the slides. Study up on definitions!
2.0 : Lack of dynamism and enthusiasm. Completely disappointed by this class.
1.5 : I didn't learn much from the studio he taught. He didn't encourage creativity and didn't give useful lectures. All he asked the students to do was to copy the existing frame of a city without providing good explanations. Most of the students' works done in his studio are not good enough to be put in portfolio.
1.0 : Teaches irrelevant material in class but expects too much on quizzes and tests. Overall just unreasonable.
1.0 : I went in for office hours and she told me to go away. You must do the post homework reflection questions or else she will drop your homework at least a letter grade.
1.0 : She is disrespectful to students and unhelpful and dismissive when they ask questions.
2.0 : She taught the class directly out of the book, so it didn't really matter if you went to class or not. The tests were just unrealistic. Our exams were 50 minutes, but they would include 2-4 proof questions with multiple parts, so even if you knew everything, you'd struggle to finish writing your answers. Did curve tests though.
1.0 : Exams are 13 pages long, literally. She states that she will lower the amount each time but it is always 13 pages or so. Her lectures don't apply to homework very well and the book is completelay useless. She's extremely rude when it comes to feedback and as stated below, she takes points off homework for not answering post questions.
5.0 : The pros: -I thoroughly enjoyed the way she taught, she presented the material in an easy to understand manner, and is one of my favorite professors now.  -Tests are curved and she drops your lowest The cons: -can occasionally be disrespectful to students -a bit salty about losing my A because of the final, worked my ass off for an 89
1.0 : She can make students feel as if they shouldn't exist and at first made me think college would be terrible. She seems nervous when teaching as if there is a lack of confidence, but she doesn't actually do a terrible job at explaining the content. Wouldn't recommend to anyone, not worth the stress.
2.0 : mumbles. faces the board. harps on theory at the expense of practicing the material. not good.
1.0 : I would get correct answers on tests and quizzes but would get points taken off because I "didn't show every step." Also she's pretty rude, speaks quietly and speaks with little confidence.
1.0 : Mumbles in lecture and is nitpicky in her grading, but works very few examples so you know what should be done. Requires her students to know/memorize things other sections don't have to. Should be your last choice for calc
2.0 : Does not give clear instructions or feedback on assignments. Loads of homework and tough grader.
2.0 : The class is known to be difficult and requires a lot of work, so it may not be entirely his fault. There were homework and labs every week, often on topics we would cover after homework was due. The homework was extremely helpful for tests, and the class was curved in the end. Lecture seemed to gloss over topics.
2.0 : Don't read too much into difficulty as he has the same tests, labs, and HW as every other professor who teaches the class. As far as lectures go his accent is very thick and he talks very slow. He missed class a few times and Clements came in and was much clearer (and he writes the tests). Lee does his best to help and offer it, but he's not good.
1.0 : Your succes in this class depends on who your professor and recitation prof is. Prof Lee seems to be a nice guy but can't explain a darn thing!  Even when asked a direct question to clarify a topic he was not able to give a direct answer. If you are the type of learner that needs to understand what is actually happening behind the scenes its a NO!
3.0 : You NEED to attend recitation to pass this class. He can actually be really funny, but for the love of God GO TO RECITATION!
2.0 : He teaches a bunch of electrical engineers in the way he teaches everyone else. The student has no idea what's important and what's not, what we should learn right now and what should be master later in our academic life. He introduced a lot of things that requires prior knowledge but does not teach the "prior knowledge" or teaches that afterward.
1.0 : This is the worst professor I've ever had. He makes his homework and exams impossibly hard just for fun. Doesn't show up to appointments. If you ask a question or are struggling at all he's condescending and rude. (He literally cheered when I told him that his homework was so hard even the tutors couldn't figure it out.) He barely gives examples.
2.0 : He's very enthusiastic about the topic and has been a professor at Georgia Tech for quite a while, but he is very unclear about assignments and what is expected of you in the course. It makes for a frustrating student-prof. relationship at times. You can make it through the course, but just be aware of what you're getting yourself into.
2.0 : Dr. Song is a good lecturer but I have never taken a more poorly run class in my life. He is not assessable in terms of office hours and encourages you to get help from the TAs who are not helpful. The midterm was extremely difficult, with questions not similar to the homework at all. The majority of the students struggled but he couldn't care less
2.0 : Dr. Jiang's lectures leave something to be desired. VERY difficult to understand and doesn't explain mathematical concepts very well. Also makes his tests hyperspecific and expects you to know every ecological study and the year it was conducted. Outside of class, he is a nice person, but is just not a very good lecturer. Would avoid if possible.
2.0 : You won't really learn anything from Fedele, so if you need 3084 for a future class take someone else. If you just want the A though, then sign up for him immediately because he doesn't check HW, uses the same exams every semester, and curves like crazy at the end of the class. You can put no work into the class and still get a 100. Nice and funny.
1.0 : The class is historically not that hard and graded on a curve. Brani stands in front of the class and talks the whole time. It is very difficult to access him out of class, and lack of concern for his students is glaringly obvious. Find a different professor.
1.0 : This guy is the worst professor I have ever had. Me and no one else in the class cares about stats we just want to come here to learn something and pass but Brani helps us accomplish neither. Essentially we have to read the text(which he wrote btw) and try to learn what is going on. He just talks and talks and talks. Like bro nobody knows anything
2.0 : lol what is this guy overcompensating for
1.0 : Disorganized teacher. Class and tests were unnecessarily hard. Harsh and subjective grader. Would not recommend taking him for any course.
3.0 : He's a charismatic man, but you probably still won't focus in lecture, mainly because it's not needed to do well in the class. I like that he updated his schedule to give a lecture on blockchain, as that shows that he wants his students to learn the newest technological advancements. Only downside is that some test questions are quite misleading.
1.0 : Avoid at all costs! This professor does not know how to teach at all. He will just spit out theories at you and expect you to understand everything. He does zero example problems. The book is written in house so there are no solutions, and the professor gives no feedback. The book also has no example problems worked out. You will not learn a thing.
1.0 : Class lectures are boring and don't really matter (you cant really understand them anyway because of her accent). The homework is pretty much mandatory and she pulls questions right off of there. My friend took the same course with a different professor and says its his easiest class; definitely take it with someone else.
3.0 : Attendance is not needed, Homework is required, accent is interesting, listen in class and/or make sure to read, Homework is easy, tests are easy. Don't look through math parts, prof. does not care for that.
2.0 : Dont even go to class, the lectures are very boring and generally not helpful at all. Just look at the PowerPoints that she posts and take light notes on the general concepts from the book. Tests are hard, homework is straightforward &amp; final is pretty comprehensive of homework/tests. She curves a lot but she will make you hate this class.
3.0 : Class is unnecessary. Read the book, take notes. And read her slides like crazy. She curves bunch. And the final has like 1/3 repeat questions
2.0 : Walked in on last day of class and said "60% of you will get A's, 40% get B's" which surprising given how exam averages were around 60%. Exams are tough to study for and nothing like HW, but if you are passionate enough you may be naturally good at it and get an A. HW is long but from the book, so resources exist for help. Hard but easy to pass.
1.0 : If you go to class you might get dumber. His lectures are basically just reading off of his slides. You'll have to do your own learning.
2.0 : Too bad you get graded for attending class/taking polls, because his lectures are a total waste of time. Posts his slides online, so you'd be fine just reading the book and looking at the slides since all he does in lecture is read directly off the slides anyway.
1.0 : Honestly, Fathi is a very dry and bland professor who reads directly off his slides and uploads them online as well because they are from another professor. While lectures are technically mandatory, participation polls are online so it is not required to go to class. The tests are easy if you learn the stuff outside of class rather than lecture.
2.0 : Completely reads off of the slides; I stopped going to class about 2 weeks in-- you can do the piazza polls from anywhere and get a 100 for participation. His exams are easier than the ones that other 1553 professors provide; go to recitation, read the slides, do the homework and you'll manage an A or B.
1.0 : Fathi read off the slides for the entire class which really doesn't work for a math class. His first two tests were pretty easy in difficulty level but the third and final test were extremely difficult.
2.0 : Strict attendance policy and curriculum is all over the place. We did use a textbook, but none of the tests reflected them. The average on the first test was in the 90's, but the second was the low 70's. Never really explained grammar concepts until people got them wrong. He gives a lot of extra credit, and the classes themselves are easy though.
1.0 : lecture was not productive at all. Less than half the people in the class ever went. He would read directly off of the slides in a monotone that could put even the try-hards to sleep. It seems that the other sections with other professors were always ahead of us. As long as you read the book and go over the slides, the tests are pretty easy.
1.0 : Terrible, lectures are incomprehensible and you'll have to read the textbook a lot. If you read the textbook the tests aren't too hard.
