1.0 : His personality is rough but doesn't bother me. He covers some material (not all) in his lectures , but for exams he expects everyone to fully understand half the textbook then asks only a few questions. (e.g. learn and understand ch. 1-10, then asks a question from 1.4, 4.3, and 9.2)  Impossible to study for and his guidance is poor at best.
1.0 : Doesn't teach well in class,None of the concepts would be clear Have to study on your own if you have to understand something Hell lot of Homework and some are really really hard, takes several days to complete &amp; there's also a group project Exams are tough Really bad grader Can easily forget an A Schedules meetings during non-class hours
1.0 : He is very rude. Just reads off the slides. Doesnt make anything clear. Tonnes of homework and really bad grader, especially in the exams. Grading criteria is not at all clear. Be ready to suffer. Highly not recommended. Wish I could give 0 for the rating.
2.0 : Prof Wechsler is super condescending and so no one dares asks questions in class, and going to his office hours is usually a wasted effort. His exams are KILLER, the average on the first exam was in the single digits, cover the most random things, and are only 2-3 questions long (you miss one, you're doomed). HOWEVER, he does curve very generously.
1.0 : This guy is easily one of the worst professors I have ever had. He provides a huge disservice to everyone that enrolls. The class is 2 exams, 3 group homeworks, and 1 group presentation. Attendance to lecture was 50% by second lecture. He makes you feel like you shouldn't participate. Accent is not too difficult to understand, but still foreign.
1.0 : Horrible in every aspect imaginable. Illegible,  thick accent and broken grammar, does not use blackboard or any online setup, does not have a syllabus, does not respect students, does not care, and does not give good answers. Terrible exams, takes off a lot of points on each mistake, no exam reviews. Not a human being. DO NOT TAKE AT ALL!
1.0 : Does not show respect for students or other people. Impossible to ask questions, retorts with either a flat joke or a comment on why the student wasn't listening. Feedback is almost useless; almost always a reiteration of already unclear directions. Office hours are better spent on the TA. Unclear grading criteria, no partial credit on his work.
3.0 : Material is sent via emails so a bit disorganized. But if you go through the material thoroughly week by week then you can do good in this course. Can skip classes but would recommend to go through material and ask him your doubts.
1.0 : He is not helpfully at all. I don't think he knows the subject matter. He award grade as a gift randomly. It's shame for GMU to keep this professor and wast students time and money
2.0 : This class is great for doing hw in, her lectures are boring and you don't have to pay attention just go for attendance. Read the bolded words in the test book for her quizzes. Easy class, but she's a weird grader; I do not like her teaching style as she just reads off of ppt.
1.5 : I asked for help after the first test, and his response was "you are most likely going to fail". He wont help you, and his test are way to hard and nothing like the study guide. Avoid him at all cost!
3.5 : A bit hard to understand, but you get used to his accent. He obviously likes Fourier analysis very much. I liked him; and I think he liked me, but, I asked questions after class.
5.0 : Here you go to get A: he gives homeworks - do them. If you actually do the hw he tries his best to make u good grade- accessible by email and campus answering questions. tests are 90% from txtbook hw and he gives you 70-80% if you have the method right but answer wrong. Some teachers give 0 credit for that. He ALWAYS answers ANY question you have.
1.5 : Very unorganized course. All of his homework assignments are listed on one giant, unorganized list. His lectures are very monotonous.
2.0 : Did not provide any feedback on discussion board submissions at any time during the entire semester. Took points off on papers, but never indicated why. Comments on papers clearly showed that she had not read the entire paper as she would question things that were previously explained in the paper. DB assignments are unclear and awkwardly worded.
2.5 : She nice and always responded quickly to all my emails, however she is very unorganized and takes very long to grade assignments. There's weekly assignments and two exams and a 7 page paper as a final. All the work was fairly reasonable, excluding the exam, I considered it hard and saw many things that didn't match the studyguide. I got a B+
3.0 : There were discussion boards every week. Keep up with readings. She does respond quickly to emails and over all I'd have to say it was an interesting course. No final exam but one paper is worth 40% of your grade. The mid term exam with 60 questions was ridiculous because we only received 45 minutes to complete it.
1.5 : Dr. Davis, while generally a very nice person when you talk to her one-on-one, is very disorganized in both her course organization and lectures. Our syllabus changed dramatically from the first day- some assignments were never assigned, and new ones with unclear grading criteria were created, making it hard to stay on track. Avoid taking her!
2.5 : As everyone mentioned, Dr. Davis is very unorganized. She can be a bit rude in emails and you will find yourself having to email her quite often for an online course because she forgets to post things. She does know a lot about the field of social work. I don't know if I would take her again or not.
3.5 : Our grade was based off 1 paper, 1 exam, participation, &amp; weekly discussion posts/journals. The exam was hard, everything else was pretty straight forward. You just need to follow the rubric, do the readings, and put in effort. For the millionth time, she is unorganized you just need to work with it. I worked hard, did all the readings, &amp; got an A.
1.0 : Horrible communication skills. Extremely rude in emails and gives you conflicting information constantly. I do not understand how she can still be employed. Other professors have even made comments about her not being professional.
2.0 : Is unorganized, but definetly explains material well. She could use a clear organization process to  assist her in grading and explaing due dates.
2.5 : Not organized and long lectures, but highley inspirational in making you think about the future and bigger picture. Do not take her class if you are HIGHLEY organized person. She does introduce what she will be grading last minute, but besides these main issues her class is interesting.
1.0 : Scott Martin is rude and unprofessional. He went overtime and I asked if I could be excused because my next class was starting and on the other side of the campus. His response was "Tell the other teacher you were doing something more important". Haha, no. Furthermore, he really doesn't seem to know anything about sound, he just reads from notes.
1.0 : For the internship class, you basically do your internship then hand in a very long (30+ pages) journal at the end. Thing is, he put the A grade in before I even handed in anything. I'm 100% sure he never bothered to actually look at anything I wrote. I'm grateful for the A, but the writeup is a complete joke, just like he is.
1.0 : Yeah, it seems unlikely that this material cannot be taught better.  He does eventually curve but no one has a clue what is going on or how they will do in the end.  Find a different professor for sure. The class sucks.
3.5 : Good
1.0 : He jumps between subjects in the middle of the lecture and will constantly backtrack to address something from the previous class. His quizzes rarely ever cover the lecture material, and are not covered in the textbook. He appears to be extremely knowledgeable, but cannot teach for his life. The textbook is useful but doesn't  cover everything.
3.0 : Dr Hussam gives the class many resources to do well on his quizzes. The final was a different story. There was not enough time in the class period to introduce the new material not taught in Gen Chem. If you sucked at Gen Chem II you will have a hard time! You wont know your grade until he posts it on patriot web...
1.0 : Very nice person, but the class is a confusing mess.  The entire class struggles through each quiz and exam, failing almost everything along the way.  He has a "modified" grading system, at the end, but why would anyone think that an entire class of failing students is learning enough of the content?  Destroys your GPA and soul crushing.
1.0 : Dont take unless no other option. Accent is ok but goes fast and skips explanations. Study nothing but old quizzes. Attend class to find out about next homework and quiz. Failed nearly every quiz and midterm average was below 50. If you put in effort you wont fail because of massive curve at the end. Very confusing and frustrating class overall!!
2.0 : Dr. Hussam is a unique professor. He always made me laugh because he looks at the clock and mutters how much time he still had left! He hated the class as much as we did! Read the textbook to understand. Do old quizzes. He gave us a cheat sheet for final and used the Canadian grading scale so there is a curve. He isn't very approachable.
1.0 : Has no idea how to teach or communicate the material. And then downgrades you for not understanding. Avoid like the plague.
1.0 : I have never worked so hard in a class. I am an A student, and got a B- in her class. Beware of actually having an opinion in your essays, as she will mark you down if she disagrees with you. Huge liberal. And, talks down to students who aren't liberals. Worst experience at Mason. Actually looked up how to sound liberal and started getting A's
1.0 : Went into this class knowing it would be difficult (after all it IS a 300 level course).  Didn't know that having Copelman as a teacher would make it even more difficult.  She is very unclear on assignments, especially the annotated bibliography due at the end of the course.  Don't really spend anytime learning anything new.
2.0 : She is nice and obviously quite knowledgeable but she is very disorganized, inconsistent, and all around confusing in lecture style  and assignments. Lots of essay and paper writing, more than my English classes, even. A lot of mind numbing documents to read on top of books and the textbook. Her class is also very boring.
1.5 : Class wasn't organized very well. Lots of words but no real content--discussion was hard to follow and I couldn't take notes. Useless/time consuming group work. Her ideas for paper topics were more suitable for a creative writing course, and I didn't find them useful to help me understand the information. Bad time management skills--ran over often.
1.0 : Worst teacher I have had at George Mason. Very inconsiderate and not approachable.  She took the whole class talking about what we would do.
2.5 : Dina spends all of class talking about what we're going to do instead of actually doing it. She is not engaging at all. Considering the joke that this class was, she's a strangely hard grader. If possible, avoid her. I would rather work hard for someone who was giving me something than work a bit for Dina. The group project is terrible.
3.5 : You need to be willing to put forth effort in the class to succeed, she's a tough grader. If you reach out to her politely, she's usually willing to help. Gives good feedback on papers if you ask for it, but has a high level of expectation for writing (it is a 300 level history course after all). Long papers, but tests are few and ridiculously easy
1.0 : Very tough guy, don't take any course!
2.5 : Her course was quite confusing but she does so intentionally, in order to grasp the major concepts within the behavior analysis application process. If you use her as a resource during the semester and participate in class you'll do great. She is a very tough grader so make sure you double and triple check papers!!
1.0 : Her lectures are useless, but she forces you to come to class by making participation a part of your grade. The directions for assignments are over-complicated and her grading is ridiculously harsh.  She is also very disorganized and grades inconsistently.
2.0 : Dr. King-Sears means well, but the class is very poorly structured. She constantly claimed that each weekly class would end early, but she talks so much she hasn't even gotten completely through one of her PowerPoints at all this semester. She'll take off points on papers for the smallest things and all the little points removed really add up.
2.5 : Her lectures were very disorganized and she grades really really hard. If everything isn't  perfect you WILL get points off. If you aren't familiar with special education or haven't taught in a classroom than this class will be tough. You can pass, you just have to work insanely hard
4.5 : She gave me lots of personal feedback on my work and always gave lots of praise. I learned a lot in this class and I hope to have her again some time in the future.  This was an awesome class!
1.0 : I have had bad teachers in my day, but I have never had a professor as bad as Jim Chen. Overall he is not good at teaching, he does not answer questions well or respectively, he rushes through the outdated power-points, and he does not explain the material well. He now takes attendance. You will never know what your overall grade is.
1.0 : Gave homeworks that were extensions of the previous homework (so if you mess up on the first one you're outta luck). Does NOT explain things well - I ended up learning the material from a coworker who was taking essentially the same class at another university. FYI Chen wrote the book you'll use and examples don't compile and are EXTREMELY outdated
1.0 : The worst class I have ever taken, hands down. Prof. Chen does not care, simply reads off of power point slides. Two weeks before the end of the semester he'd gone through all his power point presentations and started going through them again from the beginning. Learned nothing, completely screwed for ECE 445. Thanks a lot.
1.0 : It's not the material, it's the professor. Class is just power points that are hard to follow (just large blocks of code). He doesn't like questions. Won't get your tests back. Code on the test is condensed so it's very hard to read. You can get extra credit for redo, but you are out of luck on the final. No partial credit. Worst class I've taken.
1.0 : Professor Chen is the worst professor I have had at Mason. When you email him he just refers you to the TAs and won't help you, in class he just reads at the slides. His quizzes and exams are poorly formatted code that he expects you to read and answer questions are. Save yourself and take a different CS class.
2.0 : I got B for this course. This professor is so bad, the worst one I have ever meet. He is lazy, and he didn't explain the material he gave us clearly. What's more, the exam is hard, not because of the knowledge, the reason is that many of the knowledge covered in the exam he didn't even mentioned in his lecture. I suggest you don't select his class.
1.0 : Prof Chen legit just moves through powerpoints the whole class with large blocks of code that nobody can read. Tests are painfully hard, he is condescending in his office hours. Gives quizzes for attendences and they somewhat resemble what is on the exams. No partial credit on exams, 10 questions, miss one question, -10%. Dont take him!
1.0 : Good luck! there are no pluses, only A, B, C and D, 60 - 79 is a C, so good luck! His questions are never specific enough, and when you ask, he'll mumble something that even he can't understand. Wait another semester, nothing depends on this class, don't rush it. Professors like him are the reason I check this website, trust us.
1.0 : The code he teaches is often poorly written and very different from what one would use practically.  He can be highly disrespectful, berating individuals and the class as a whole; putting the entire blame for poor overall class performance on his students, rather than himself.
1.0 : Tough, but survivable if you know how to program already and know your way around linuxunix. No help in lecture or office hours. Figure this class out on your own. 20% programming homework (10 assigned for the semester) 20% projects (2 projects 10% each) 20% exams (2 exams 10% each) 30% final 10% "attendance" (take random ungraded pop quiz)
1.0 : There is no point in coming to class except for learning when the project days are. Some time after the midterm he will start giving out quizzes which is basically what is on the final.
1.0 : this class was horrible and professor Chen also. I got B because I did study myself, but he just reads of slides, and if you ask him question, he will get mad. not very responding on emails. exams are hard and nothing to do with what he went over in class, or in projects. He will curve the grades at the end , but still not really helpful
1.0 : I took this class a year and a semester back. I had prior programming experience and thus got 100% on almost every project. However, I didn't show up to class, missed the pop quizzes, and ended up with a C.  His "lectures" are painful. I skipped because he could barely teach us, and thus going to class seemed like a waste of time.
1.0 : Taught the class from a power-point presentation. Attendance was mandatory through his numerous pop-quizzes. He yelled at the class when it looked like we were drifting off, or didn't have his full, undivided attention.  Lectures were monotonous and slow-paced. Don't recommend, go with someone else.
1.5 : Accent is unintelligible and barely knows English well enough to teach. Very rude when you ask questions, and teaches off of slides from over 10 years ago (copyright 2002?!). No help in the textbook since we wrote that too. I loved 351 with Allbeck and got a good grade there, but this guy makes what should be easy impossible.
1.0 : While Mr. Chen shows promise as a lecturer, he lacks the drive and enthusiasm to extend care to both his work and his lectures, as the quality of his powerpoints are comparable to that of a grade schooler. Whereas the typical professor engages and challenges the student to think, Mr. Chen follows the banal method of spoon feeding students material
1.0 : Refuses to give back exams. Exam questions are similar to quizzes but he speeds through those so you have to figure it all out yourself. When you ask a question, he tells you to read the book and questions how you dont know it. Grading curve is extremely skewed- 90 FOR A, 70 for B, 55 for C. MUST BE ON TOP OF YOUR GAME TO GET AN A
1.0 : The tests and quizzes are really badly written: You'll get asked to write file "cpx.c" without knowing what cpx.c should actually *do*. The homeworks are badly written: You get asked to write programs without knowing certain specific requirements, so you don't know what to use. The lectures are boring and he doesn't make sense when he talks.
1.0 : His exams are super hard. You will be asked to write code and if the code does not match compiler standards, you will get no points. Very harsh grading also -- all or nothing. No partial credit. His powerpoints are useless and outdated. His lectures are pointless and incomprehensible. I will very likely have to repeat the course again.
3.5 : He is snarky but funny. Exams are soooooo easy. Lectures are really boring. Assigns a semester-long group project so CHOOSE YOUR MEMBERS WISELY. Easy A as long as you meet all the requirements.
1.5 : This pseudo-engineering course required low effort. However, coursework is weighted inequitably. Trivial mistakes can affect your final project marks. Grade disputes are managed lousily. If you must take this section: Choose your groups wisely &amp; don't expect to learn detailed info on your career path unless you are a mechanical/civil engineer.
1.0 : Throughout the whole semester, I took only one page worth of notes. You could not show up to class and still get an A as long as you submit your assignments on time and do well on his quizzes/tests. He never specifies if an assignment is due in class, so you should check Blackboard regularly for due dates on assignments.
1.0 : He is more concerned with sharing his success (whether related to engineering or not) than teaching the materials. He will drone on about the ring he earned in the NCAA but deride the class after they fail to complete an assignment he forgot to cover. His class is laughable. He is arrogant and blind to the needs of his students and their caliber.
2.0 : The class is super easy regardless of which professor you have. Leaf has lots of experience in the engineering field, but should not be a teacher. When learning a new subject, he will do one example and then immediately test you on it. You would think this guy is the dean the way he carries himself. There is a semester long project too.
1.0 : Worthless feedback,  Hardly teaches anything.  I've taken less than a page of notes on a month's worth of lectures, and that's being generous.  Unclear assignment due dates and sporadic bonus assignments, almost all of which are time wasters and teach you little to nothing.  Insults students.  Bad with differing opinions- it's his or wrong. BIG EGO
1.0 : Leaf is a terrible teacher. Don't go to class too because all he does is show you a pointless videos and say his cache phrase "What do you think?" and then discussions for the rest of the class. And tests are hard. They are online so you can easily cheat but even if you cheat hardcore, you still won't do well. Topics on  test are only mention once
1.0 : What a terrible professor.  He gives tests that are totally unrelated to the generic engineering field, leaning more towards civil engineering.  Whatever you do, do NOT take him and take Rothwell instead.  At least Rothwell has some sense and cares about his students.
1.0 : Do not take with him !
1.0 : Professor Leaf did a really poor job at communicating to my class the requirements for projects and assignments. It seems like he tries his hardest to confuse you with every question. He is very cocky acts like he is better than everyone else in the room. He is not very approachable.
3.5 : I don't know why so many people are hating on Professor Leaf. He's very helpful if you actually wanna learn and go to his office hours. Class is super easy (mainly talk about the engineering world). As for the tests they're not that tough. if you study and know your stuff you'll do great.
2.0 : Here's the deal with all the bad reviews about Professor Leaf: he has no organization, but with some effort, you can easily get a B. For organization I mean his Blackboard page is mind-numbingly scattered, and his lectures don't really follow his schedule. But if you COME TO CLASS &amp; do his assignments, you'll be fine. AND PICK YOUR GROUPS WISELY!!!
1.0 : I would never take his class again! He does not specify any details about ant assignments. Most of the work is completely tedious and irrelevant. He doesn't actually teach, I've taken maybe 1.5 pages of notes (if even that). He does not answer emails either and when you go to his office hours he likes to make smart remarks like he's funny.
2.5 : Professor Leaf is a great and very kind person. If you submit assignments on time, do well on his two quizzes, I guarantee it's an easy A.
1.0 : Never returns emails.  Seems nice at first but eventually very confusing and doesn't seem to have knowledge in the teaching topic.
5.0 : Easy class and wants students to do well.
2.0 : I would not recommend Lawrence if you've never taken Calc before.  It was an easy A only because I learned everything from AP Calc in high school.  His lectures were confusing and you have to sit in the front of the room to hear him.  Homework problems were for review, nothing was collected. Went to his office hours once; he was nice and helpful.
1.5 : I highly suggest not taking this professor if you are a visual learn and have never taken calc. He never writes out what he is doing, and he just expects everyone to understand what he is saying. You will have to do a lot of self teaching and studying.
3.5 : Professor Lawrence is very knowledgeable on his field of study, as he often goes off on tangents during lectures, but if you just pay attention to the essential material, you should be fine. He only assigns one quick Mathematica assignment, two midterm tests, and a final. If you go to office hours, he will take the time to explain the material.
2.0 : He's really a nice guy. Not the best at teaching though. Recitation helped me learn, also utilizing his office hours helped. He's extremely smart, I just don't think he can put the material in a way that most people can understand which would've been helpful since calc 2 is super tough. Quizzes every class as attendance!
3.5 : This professor is excellent for upper level courses. He designs classes more as a discussion and learning experience than as a lecture of things to memorize. If you want a list to memorize, don't take him. If you want to discuss and learn, he's very interesting.
4.0 : I had to retake this class and didn't study as much as last year but his exams are pretty easy. He gave curves on all exams bumping you a whole letter grade. He is hard of hearing so you need to speak loud if you want him to notice you.
2.0 : He knows math, just not how to teach. He is on in his years and cannot hear or speak very loud so questions take long to be answered. Quizzes every day. No blackboard use. His lectures are very ambiguous in what he's attempting to convey. The textbook is good so self-learners who are good with math will be ok. I can't recommend him though.
2.5 : I couldn't hear him from the second row... But if you ask for help, he's there. Not a lot of tests, but he goes over things really fast in every lecture.
2.5 : Not bad, but patience is needed with his teaching style. Tests range from basic material like "How many partitions are in a set of 1, 2, 3, ...., 19" to tricky true and false questions. Homework from the textbook isn't graded, but there are some assignments that you do at home that are graded. I miss out on class at times and I am still thriving.
1.0 : I usually ended up finding myself more confused after attending his lectures, and so I had to turn to Kahn Acadamy to clean up the mess.
1.5 : He is senile. Slow, incompetent, and his voice is 80% gone. you cannot hear him unless you sit in the first row in the middle of class. what is better is that he can't hear you unless he is in your personal space. Gives no partial credit. Funny person to talk to but clueless when teaching college math. He should retire.
1.0 : Lectures are convoluted with no structure and Lawrence uses many examples that are extremely difficult to follow. Lectures are also dry and boring. Better to skip class, but you can't because of daily quizzes. Quizzes are T/F on concepts he tried to teach. Exams are hit or miss. Either exactly like reviews, somewhat similar, or totally different.
1.0 : Lectures were long and not very helpful. The recitation instructor was the only reason I passed the class. Homework is assigned, however I found myself googling practice problems most of the time and the tests did not reflect the problems from the homework.    He is a very nice in person, so if you find yourself struggling do visit his office.
1.0 : His lectures are a torture and you can't skip them because he gives quizzes everyday, which are worth 10% of the class. If you can teach yourself the material and stand the lectures you'll be fine. Exams are not difficult if you do the homework and study for them. There three of them, worth 30% each.
2.0 : Dr. Cronin is incredibly knowledgeable and passionate about his craft. However, his "edgy" persona and in-class behavior are ridiculous. He enjoys shutting down and insulting students under the guise of "pushing" you. Couple that with looking through students' personal pictures on their phones and blatant favoritism of certain students. Avoid.
1.0 : Worst thing i've ever seen in ECE department. midterm time and i asked if we should take a picture of waveform for report due nextday. He said no, just go home. Then i unwired everything, then other group asked the same question, he said of course. He has 0 responsibility for his words. DO NOT TRUST HIM.  VERY disrespected attitude for students.
2.0 : He sucks at teaching, i thought that it wouldn't be that bad but I was horribly wrong. Don't take this professor if you're planning on passing
1.0 : Had her for recitation in PHYS160. PLEASE try to avoid her. She is harsh and forces you to come up and participate, criticizing you in front of class. Every time I went to recitation, I felt very tensed and uncomfortable. She also refuses to reply to any emails you send to her. Again, she is very hard, and probably the most uncomfortable teacher.
2.5 : In my seven years of postsecondary education (4 UG, 3 G), I have never experienced a worse professor.  Constantly makes mistakes in lecture and ridicules us for our mistakes, some of which were due to poor instruction.  Most concepts in lecture taught incorrectly.  Very arbitrary grader. I did well in class, but only from reading and Youtube vids.
1.0 : He might be the head of the department but he's not a good professor. As the semester goes on and the topics get more difficult, his lectures become more useless forcing you to turn to outside sources more often. By the end of the semester, I was learning more from googling the topics than his actual lectures
1.0 : Prof. Richard Carver was supposed to teach this course, but a week before I got to know that Prof. Setia is replacing Prof. Carver. Prof. Setia seems to be knowledgeable, but he is very poor in teaching this subject. Exams were open book, but notes didn't help at all. The textbook and online materials helped me to get whatever the grade I got.
2.0 : I took this class online. It was hard to get a response from her and when she did respond she was no help what-so-ever . She never engaged with the class or gave any direction. The class itself was very well structured, but Sue Slocom was the one who created it. I would avoid Alfred.
1.0 : She is a horrible teacher! Do not take! She is never clear on what she wants. Don't even try to email her because she won't respond! If she does, it doesn't help at all. I've never had such a horrible teacher before. BEWARE!! Btw: You don't know what your grade is until the end of class.
1.0 : I highly recommend you do NOT take this professor. Don't get me wrong, she's a nice lady however she is a horrible teacher. She lacks the ability to give a straight answer to ANYTHING. She barely grades therefore you have no idea how you're doing in the class. She gets mean if students don't participate/read. She barely knows her own material.
1.0 : Her lectures are DRY! She doesn't put the PowerPoints online and it's really frustrating because, if you missed something and then you're not able to go back to study it for the exams. The group project is a pain in the butt but it's an easy A. The midterm was super hard because she had a full page of fill in the blank that were really random.
4.5 : Great Class!
1.0 : She is mean
1.0 : TERRIBLY OVERLY CRITICAL WHEN GRADING ASSIGNMENTS. ASSIGNMENT POSTS ALL OVER THE PLACE. RUBRIC AND INSTRUCTIONS BASIC AND  UNCLEAR. METHOD OF TEACHING POWERPOINTS THAT ARE USELESS. SO MUCH INFORMATION CONDENSED INTO 15 QUESTION QUIZZES YOU NEVER KNOW HOW TO STUDY. WHEN YOU STUDY THE OBJECTIVES YOU ARE STILL SADLY WRONG.
2.0 : She understands the material but is not good at explaining concepts. Overall had trouble understanding what she was trying to teach us.
3.0 : These ratings overweight helpfulness and easiness and underweight content and coherence - so her rating is not bad. But the class was a waste. Way too much about the academic life - papers and conferences - to the point where the content of the class is virtually ignored. And yes, true -many slides are just quotes from the book. Lectures were lame.
2.0 : Terrible professor. Just repeats what we read during the lectures and even showed us generic videos -- in a masters program!  Despite our program being about dealing with current issues, he ran it like a history course with no attempt to connect the readings and lectures to current affairs. Don't take this guy if you can take ANYONE more inspiring.
1.5 : This guy doesn't belong in a classroom. Almost every class was just a repeat of our readings, with almost zero class discussion. Changed  the course guidelines several times and I don't think any of us ever got feedback or even a grade on our midterm. Full of himself and oblivious to the needs of his students. Definitely don't get on his bad side.
2.0 : World-renown and truly knows a truckload about statistics, but acts all the time as if he hasn't receive enough praise in his life. Always talking about all the stuff he's done. Very annoying and sad! Somewhat subjective ans snappy against students he doesn't likes. As a professor, not very professional and overall lazzy.
1.0 : Signals and Systems I with Prof. Griffiths was without a doubt the worst learning experience I have ever had. The material is already challenging enough despite his awful teaching. No respect for the students, terrible at explanations in lectures, little remorse when it comes to grading; I have so many criticisms that I cannot even list them all.
1.0 : Ever tried listening to a radio that's 50 miles away? That's how Griffiths's voice sounds when he's trying to lecture you. He knows his stuff for sure but can't teach it to save his life. His lecture is just him basically talking to you about the who subject as if you know what everything is already. Also refuses to show solutions to problems.
3.0 : Lots of pop quizzes but not that bad. Tests were very tricky at times.
2.0 : This was one of the first classes that made me realize how bad this department is. Professor Griffiths is a terrible teacher. He is condescending and all he does is read from the powerpoint during lecture.  The final exam average was a 47% and there was little to no curve. There are pop quizzes but he never returns them.  Overall he is the worst.
2.5 : Professor Griffiths, for an academic veteran, leaves a lot to be desired.  He acquires his tests and curriculum from other teachers, so he isn't familiar with it.  He meanders through very difficult material offering very little insight.  His tests are rough and he does not curve.  Don't believe him when he appears to be lenient--  It's a trap.
2.0 : This professor was by far not the best for this class. He doesn't explain the concepts clearly considering that this is a really tough course. He doesn't present enough examples on the board to get students to understand the concepts. His exams are tough. Don't take this class in a 16 credit semester. Take this course in a 12 or 13 credit semester
2.0 : One of the toughest professors that i have taken a course with at GMU. Everybody suffers in this course considering this course is awful. He gives pop quizzes. So get ready to read and practice the concepts ahead of time. He doesn't explain concepts clearly in order to make sure that the students are understanding the material. His exams are tough.
1.0 : This guy is a hot mess. He doesn't grade anything, he doesn't lecture (guest speakers). But then, when you turn in assignments he's rude about his feedback. Critiques presenters out loud, shaming them in front of everyone. Public private partnership class was JUST about transportation. AVOID THIS AWFUL MAN.
1.0 : How does this guy have a job? He's rude to students and doesn't know anything about his field. How he has managed to bluff his way into his current position, I have literally no clue.
1.5 : What can I say, he has been to most pointless and most disrespectful to students that I have every encountered. How is still part of the George Mason University Staff is beyond me. Over all you have to fend for yourself because all papers or assignments are vague, so you try your best and cross your fingers. Literally a waste of space. Leave Please
1.5 : She's not really friendly and she doesn't care if you pass or fail. She doesn't really teach. She'd give a boring power point presentations for about 15 mins, and just gives us busy work to do while she sits back in her chair for the remaining 2ish hrs of class and stares at the wall.
1.0 : NO MERCY ON QUIZZES.
1.0 : Okay so, he's a nice guy. Responds to e-mails. But he's not helpful and not clear at all whether in class or on grading and his comments. His quizzes are next to impossible, so please try to avoid him whether you're trying to learn something or just get a good grade because you can't accomplish either of those things in his class.
1.0 : This class is a disaster.  He is a tough grader that also does not write well himself.  He prefers certain words over others even though his are incorrect.  His expectations are not clear and, from what I can tell, are completely unrealistic.  He does not want to help, just criticize and grade your reports very poorly.
2.5 : Unnecessarily hard quizzes. Like, average grade of F for almost every student. He values calculations over everything, and purposely goes out of his way to ask questions that trick you. He's an alright guy, but most people just wanna pass this class and lab should boost your grade, not lower it.
1.0 : Very difficult to understand this professor. Grading scale is very confusing and inconsistent and does not explain expectations. Not helpful during office hours, tells students grading is up to his discretion and will take off points for no explanation. Makes an easy class very difficult, I recommend that you take this lab with anyone else.
1.0 : Mr. Sahoo is an extremely tough grader, which is only made worse because his quizzes and tests are very difficult.  He lectures for about an hour before getting to the lab procedure, but he's not very clear.  He doesn't do a very good job of answering questions either in person or via email.
1.5 : Quizzes are impossible to ace in the little time he gives you (all calculations, either you know it or you don't). His accent isn't impossible to understand but it is heavy. He is very generous on lab report grades and you can pretty much always turn it in a few hours later (in his mailbox) if you have a excuse (printer/excel issues) which is nice!
1.0 : Worst lab instructor I have ever had! He is extremely rude and disrespectful ( notably to female students). He seriously would yell (very loudly) at you for any little thing. He is borderline verbally abusive to students. He makes lab extremely stressful. Considered reporting him for his behavior.
2.5 : He tries to explain things but the teaching skills are not there. There's a difference between "explaining" and "teaching". He definitely knows his stuff; but because he has a heavy accent, it's very difficult to understand him most of the time. Regardless of his accent, he tends to not be very clear when it comes to instructions. Quizzes are hard.
2.0 : Very inconsistent grader! Will start marking points off on labs where he gave full credit for before. He also doesn't always explain where you are losing points on labs. Some quizzes are very hard, most students fail them. Makes lab very stressful and is not very patient if you make mistakes. Take another lab professor at ALL COSTS!!
2.0 : Sahoo may possibly be one of the worst TA's in the chemistry department. In the beginning, his grading wasn't bad, but halfway through the semester, I got 3 D's and failed all the quizzes. Not consistent and doesn't give you any real reasons! Incredibly rude to students (rolls his eyes at questions) &amp; does not care if you pass or fail. Stay away...
1.5 : He's so unclear about what he wants for labs, changes procedures multiple times while we are actually performing the lab. We always end up going overtime, this class causes so much unnecessary stress its not worth it. Its a 2-credit class,  everyone is constantly fighting for points because he doesn't really have a set standard.
1.0 : He's a really tough TA. His quizzes doesn't reflect what he teaches in class at all. Be prepared to get quizzed on stuff that he didn't go over. Also be prepared to find unexpected work and due dates (once he made us write a whole lab report in class by hand and submit it without saying anything before). He also changes procedures!!
1.0 : He is disrespectful to students. He grades randomly on both labs and quizzes. He is always decreasing points, but when you show him you write everything he said he expects; he just nods without giving back points. I had to go to him 5X before he changed my  from a 0 to 80 since he typed it wrong on BB. He would say see me later- during OFFICE HOURS
1.0 : Honestly, avoid him at all costs. He makes things 10 times more difficult for you by changing lab procedures and doesn't really answer questions (I'm not sure if he just doesn't understand your question most of the time or if I'm misunderstanding the answer he's giving). Just please don't take him. Save yourself a headache!!
4.0 : Prof. Johnson's class relies on the textbook and participation is important if you want to pass the test. Whatever he discussed in class from the book will be on the test. The test reviews are helpful for us to prepare. There are 5 exams with 3 vocab and 1 essay question. You have to work for a good grade but if you do your work it'll be easy.
4.0 : Non-mandatory attendance &amp; only five small tests with the lowest dropped. Not an easy A but def not bad at all.
1.0 : Extremely limited availability, gives nonconstructive criticism and then expects you to read her mind. Slow responder to email and usually only replies in terse, short worded replies. Only had class three times the whole semester &amp; expected most work to be done alone w/little to no feedback from her before presenting the final product.
3.0 : No flexibility for working adults.
1.5 : Very judgemental and condescending, as well as extremely arrogant. Acts like you're an idiot if you don't follow her way of doing things to the letter. Sends you to the writing center for the same reason, and very dry teaching style. I would not be in any of her classes again if I had the choice.
1.0 : Do not take a class with this Professor.  While General Hayden and Professor Deitz are considered the best Professors at George Mason's (now Schar School of Public Policy), no question Finkelstein was the worst.  He should be retired now hopefully, but should've been out years ago.  I got my Master's of Public Policy from Mason.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE! Worst professor, extremely rude and very harsh grader. If you produce quality work and follow directions he will find a way to take points off. He is very strict and unclear on what he is looking for. Lectures are boring and useless, he reads from a powerpoint the entire time. Expect to not learn much.
1.0 : Do not take this class (Policy and Program Evaluation) with this Professor if possible!  Grading criteria is not clear and guidance on assignments is not clear!  Tough grader on all assignments.  Also unfair grader with rude comments.
1.0 : Don't take a class with this Professor!  His lectures are long, boring, and entirely monotone!  Takes up the whole class with no break!  Also, a lot of work but gives unclear guidance on assignments.  Tough grader but also not a fair grader.  Gives plenty of snide comments on assignments and presentations for no reason at all.  Stay away!
1.0 : "Professor" Shelley is probably the worst educator at the school of public policy at GMU.  She spends her time in class talking about herself and how wonderful her achievements are followed up by intimidating students and asking impossible questions.  The whole class was a waste of time and I hope that nobody ever has to deal with her again.
1.0 : D based on F on 1 paper. Paper critical of guest lecturer premise: inventors &amp; entreprenuers will not succeed in future &amp; government is sole source of innovation. D = graduation impossible. Cost me my Masters, with her class killing it in my final term. Smiled at me when I presented on Economic Freedom earlier, then got her socialist revenge in end
4.5 : I took this class online. Each week there are two lectures: one to cover the material and the other to demonstrate the coding in NetBeans. Homework is identical to what is covered in the coding lecture. Take home midterm (10+ days to complete). Semester still isn't over, but enjoy him so far.  Material is extremely relevant and important. Recommend
1.0 : The entire class is so vague and made me want to pull my hair out. For example, in class she says that one of our papers is 7 pages but in the syllabus it says it's only 4. Her directions in class do no match those in the syllabus. Also, the assignments do not have clear guidelines &amp; my classmates &amp; I felt like we were winging it most of the time.
1.0 : Beware of the study aboard she leads. Very misleading. Took place in the town of Oxford but not at the university. Poorly planned and poorly organized. Did not learn anything. She comes from an anthropology background and I find that odd for someone who is leading a U.S.-U.K. Intelligence Program. Lots of hidden costs as well.
1.0 : The biggest thing I disliked about this class was the lack of discussion. I love classes where I can discuss issues with the professor and my fellow students. In this class however, the professor shot down anyone trying to participate. And she often did it in a very rude way. Over time people just stopped trying to contribute when were all wrong.
1.0 : Where do I start.. she lectures straight from the text, no breaks for a three hour class, will preach about respecting others during presentations and then sit on her phone and text during presentations, the course gave the impression we were going to learn intelligence techniques but lol all she focused on was the Mexican drug trade
1.0 : Super unorganized. Brought down my GPA for nothing. Super lame.
3.5 : FIrst off let me say her class was extremely easy, but annoying. The reason being, her lectures were very clear HOWEVER she spoke about the same things EVERY SINGLE CLASS. It gets old really quick. She was extremely unorganized, and seemed like she made it up as she went along. Never talked about the text book. EASY grade, but learned nothing
1.0 : HORRIBLE! I will be writing to the department head as she should not be allowed to teach Crim classes! You will learn nothing, she is unorganized, repetitive, and boring. She will not dismiss class early and does not go over the butt-load of reading assignments she assigns. Very, Very disappointed that she was aloud to teach a pre-rec class.
1.0 : Does not teach. Her "lectures" are more like the naggings of a mother. Classes are more or less the same repetitive nightmare, week after week.  Avoid at all costs.
4.0 : Ok..I have to agree with previous posts that she shouldn't teach Crim courses despite her background in the IC. Maybe for Anthro classes she can offer some great insight but she puts her views into it too much and it overshadowed the ENTIRE course which is a pre-req Intel course. I'll have to just read the book to learn about the IC. Disappointed.
1.0 : For a crim class, that focuses on the IC she brags about her career as a CULTURAL ANTHROPOLOGIST. She assigns reading and doesn't explain it for clarity. When the  material isn't covered in class she still forces group exercises, and expects high results. You learn more from the textbook than from this woman. She is rude and hard to approach.
5.0 : Tough teacher, but I really liked her. she does not like electronics in her classroom. If you are a hard working student do not be afraid to take one of her classes, you will do fine . If you are lazy, then you must avoid her like the plague.  She cares about her students, and will help you find a mentor to get you started on the right path.
1.5 : Extremely rude. Very vague and broad when it comes to assignments. Would not recommend.
2.0 : Professor Urban is big on group projects. She is a little disrespectful to her students, but tries to hide her disrespectfulness. 1 midterm, group paper, group project and a brainstorming final (which was irritating). Overall easy class, just annoying. Probably wouldn't take her again though.
3.0 : He's an okay professor. I don't know if he's better than Morikawa who made all the things but Professor K is reasonable. Group paper wasn't fun. Midterm and final were difficult as well unless you've been exposed to telecommunications before. You definitely have to put in effort for this class regardless. Many assignments/quizzes/pop quizzes too.
1.0 : If you're taking this professor for IT 300, it's probably cause there's no other sections. Teaching is not for everyone and he is living proof. Homework's are extremely vague and graded on a criteria not clearly explained. Lectures are ridiculously boring and expect to feel uncomfortable cause he hovers over you during exams.
2.0 : Not good at lecturing. His favorite words to use during lecture are "actually" and "basically" - uses them as filler words for everything. One lecture I counted the use of "actually" at 393 between 4:30 pm - 7:10 pm. Assignments and Quizzes are hard and annoying because you have 3 attempts, but it doesn't tell you what you get wrong. Make friends!
2.0 : Huge mistake, for a class that is difficult, but it's not impossible. The thing that I liked the most was the networking Labs. However, beware of what you have due for each class. Sometimes there were three assignments due the same day! Try to take this class with someone else, or get ready to read massive amounts, from 4 different books.
5.0 : Dr. Dimitrov is very punctual and provides feedback + grade within 3 days after a test paper due date. This is very rare at Mason! She reminds students about assignments, which actually is not her duty and asks about improvement ideas several times per semester. She does care! I love the practical aspects she incorporates in an on-line hotel class
1.5 : Dimitrov is okay but I would never take her class again. There are 4 discussion posts EACH week, each requiring 3-5 paragraph answers. Her due dates are unclear and she also has 5 essays each semester, on top of projects, 5 quizzes, and responses. The class is way too much work and not enough clarity.  This class requires hours of tedious work.
2.5 : I would not take Dr. Dimitrov again. At first the class is really confusing but participation on the Discussion Board is essential to passing along with many other assignments. I mean it.. A LOT of assignments throughout the semester! It's really time consuming but if you do the work you'll do fine. She can be difficult to deal with.
1.5 : I wouldn't recommend taking this a course with this professor. She is very confusing and changes due dates and assignments with little notice. Expectations are not clearly defined and she can be unorganized at times.
1.5 : I had her for MGMT 464. She changes assignments and due dates with little notice. She is confusing and unorganized at times and expectations are not clearly defined. I would not recommend her.
1.5 : Very confusing in her expectations for students, especially regarding discussion boards. A total of seven papers are expected, and lengthy ones as well. This is the most I have ever been expected to write for a class. Expects too much for a online class. Literally, this class is online. The on campus classes don't even have this much work.
1.0 : I would not recommend this professor. She is incredibly confusing and I learned nothing. I did get a good grade, which I think came from coming to class and participating. I do feel like she cares about her students, but just does not know how to teach.
1.0 : Very unclear about her expectations for the class. She says online discussion board posts are due by Monday night, then two weeks into the class she changes them to be due Saturday night. Also the amount of posts required in discussion board were unclear. Papers or test due every week, and also required a 5 hour practicum. Way too much work!
1.0 : She was very unclear about her expectations for the class such as the amount of discussion board posts required to get full credit and she also changed the due date on discussion board posts from Monday night, back to Saturday night, even thought he course week ended on Monday night. Way too much work for an online class. Essay or test every week.
1.0 : Do not take her. Nothing is clear, completely disorganized, not helpful whatsoever.
1.0 : way too much work -- a paper due every other week that are lengthy and she is a crazy hard graderstickler. very confusing class -- takes it way too seriously.
2.0 : Expect to post and reply on discussion board every week. Have high expectations but doesn't really teach. You also need to shadow a hotel manager for 5 hours as a project. Tests are gotcha so get your book and notes! Even if you are in the ER, she won't give you extension so submit hw on time. I'm thankful I will never have to take her again.
2.0 : Do not take this class with this professor. More work in this class than 400 level classes. DON'T TAKE!
1.0 : If you can avoid her, do it. Gives smart ass responses to valid questions  and somehow manages to have favorites in an online class that she boasts about in her emails. Way too much work for an introductory class and I guess she doesn't understand that not everyone wants to go into hospitality. Super hard grader too. Just avoid her.
5.0 : Tougher grader on papers than most, careful APA format critical. Discussion Board posts weekly are easy A if you are thoughtful and cite references. 8-12 page research paper and 7-10 page shadowing report required, several 2-4 page papers, and a few short multiple choice tests. Shadowing: you find a hospitality manager to observe/follow for 5 hours
5.0 : She's not as bad as people make her out to be. Yes- lots of work, but the tests are not bad (just use powerpoint), and most of the grade is for Discussion Boards. There are 3 short essays, a shadowing report and a final research paper. The only thing she really takes off for is APA style, but other than that she's always been prompt and nice to me.
1.0 : Late to every class. Didn't even know what was on her syllabus. Emailed activities at the last minute and expected us to do them. Tests are extremely easy if you study. Class isn't that hard, but you have to deal with her disorganization.
1.0 : Extremely confusing and disorganized. Late for class almost every time. Good luck figuring out class schedule and syllabus.
1.0 : She's the most cluttered and disorganized I've ever had. DO NOT take her
1.0 : This teacher was the most unprepared teacher I've ever met. She also changed the syllabus over 5 times and I'm not exaggerating. I did well because I'm a good spanish student not because she was a good teacher. Stay away from this teacher.
1.0 : I have nothing nice to say about her-takes forever to respond to emails, if she does at all. confusing assignments-waited until the due date to go through what she wanted and then gave us an extension. hard to understand what she's saying-when she veers off from reading off the powerpoints that is. very inconsistent
1.0 : instructions are confusing, feedback is minimal if there is any, often goes back on her word. can barely understand what she says, notes are simple/vague and assignments are hard to figure out what she wants.
4.0 : She is knowledgeable about the material and knows what to transmit it. You have to pay attention to her to enjoy this class. Her class was one of the most interesting I took at Mason. However, you have to dedicate yourself to the hard work. Don't be judgmental because of her accent or race. You will gain a lot from her if you follow her well.
1.0 : I don't think it's being judgmental of her accent if students have a hard time understanding what she is saying.  If you can't make out differences in words that she says, you're going to have a hard time understanding what is being taught, simple as that. It gets harder the faster she speaks too, and she gets annoyed when asked to repeat/slow down
1.0 : Well...here we are three weeks from the end of the semester (THANK GOD). And I have to say, I'm not sure still what this class was supposed to teach us/how capable I should feel applying principles we touched on in class to real life scenarios.  Good luck to the poor individuals who have her again.
1.0 : This teacher is your worst nightmare. She is extremely unclear about everything leaving everyone confused. If you point out that her plan isn't making sense, she gets upset and shuts you down. She can be really rude if she's not in a good mood. Avoid at all costs. Unorganized, Unprepared, ... just no..
2.0 : This is one of the most unorganized teachers ever.  She is nice enough but her assignments are very confusing and I have not idea how they help with applications in the future.  Luckily this class was co-taught
3.5 : Maybe she's changed her syllabusteaching methods up bc this class was pretty easy for me. My first online class everoverwhelming in the beginning but the weekly schedule was very helpful and I made sure to keep up with deadlinesassignment due dates to make sure i was getting everything done on time. Grading seemed very fair to me!
2.0 : She is a very nice person, however she is TERRIBLE professor! She gives a syllabus, but nothing is due when she says they are, she doesn't like to admit when she's wrong, and her tests are extremely hard and are nothing like what she talks about in class. The class is extremely boring. "Easy" work, tough grader. Hardest worst NUTR class!
1.5 : The syllabus makes the class seem structured, but it is not. She changes assignments last minute. She even added a portion to our group project while we were on Thanksgiving break. She gives study guides that do not help with the test at all. I have no idea what I learned from this course. She's a very nice person, but not a good professor.
3.0 : At first I really did not like her, because she was taking so long to grade papers and sending SO many confusing emails. It was really not clear what she wanted us to do. I actually think the issue is she's just not very smart and so she can't figure out how to use the computer now I just kind of feel bad for her.
3.0 : Very "noisy" BB site.  Both textbooks and content were good.  Dr. H seems to know her stuff. I had no problem with the writing assignments.  She responded to my emails promptly and graded fairly.
1.5 : Untimely in replies, occasionally came across as belittling in comments, conflicting assignment instructions, however content was often interesting and pertinent.
1.5 : This lady is crazy. She requires you to read and if you don't, she will call you out in front of the class. She expects more of students than she says. She doesn't stick to the syllabus. Be prepared to work hard and read a lot. Don't expect an easy A, or don't take it with her.
1.0 : She never responds to her emails. If you don't aid her in inflating her ego, she will do everything that she can to impede you in your life goals.
1.0 : This professor does not know how to teach. I am serious. Probably the worst professor at Mason.
1.0 : I don't wanna say this, but, wow, what a clueless professor. I know that her english is not good enough because she is from Cuba. But, man, she does not know how to teach. The writing center corrected every word of my essays, but when I brought to her and she said there were many mistakes. I asked her to point them out and she did not say anything.
2.0 : We ended up with Huergo midway through our semester. She is without a doubt a horrible professor. She makes no effort in helping at all. I understand that it is difficult to step in for another professor, but she remains confused and unhelpful with the material, which in turn made the class left confused. Constantly sarcastic. Avoid this professor.
1.0 : This class was cool with the old professor, but when this professor took over class she completely reworked the class  into a cluster-"mess" of unplanned lectures, vague assignments, and grades that make no sense. Since its an evening class her office hours being during the work day also make no sense. Strongly recommend avoiding her.
2.5 : Dufur is ok an ok professor.  He is willing to help students out with any questions they may have.  However, he comes off as a very blunt person who isn't afraid to say what he has on his mind, within reason of course.  I took this course online so my opinion isn't the best but from the few instances we had to meet face to face, that's what I saw.
2.0 : He is an okay guy, but a really bad grader. He is ambiguous with what he wants and then takes points off for super subjective reasons. There's worse professors, but there is also better ones. He's also impossible to get in contact with via email. He sits on blackboard for 30 mins a week for student contact and that's it.
3.0 : This is class is not very hard but lot of work, especially  during the first half of the class. You go through 2 chapters per week, group presentation, research paper, 2 memos, midterm and final. Exams are not very hard and he let you use your notes. Very hard grader though and no curves. He gave A- for 94%, Seriously?
1.0 : Horrible class and even worse professor. Very confusing and harsh. Ok in person, but grading and assignments are not like what I have seen at GMU so far at all!
2.0 : He doesn't really respect his students and made fun of us frequently. Imo his lectures are interesting. 2 memos, 1 MC test, 1 short answer + essay final. If you follow directions (esp in the word count he counts EVERYTHING including abstract) you'll get a B easy. Study the book quizzes bc a lot of questions are taken from them for the 1st exam only
1.0 : Avoid this professor at all cost. He grades harshly and grades are based on how he feels about you and not the paper sometimes. He is the worst professor i have ever taken at gmu.
1.0 : Absolutely horrible professor. He showed no respect to the students. I asked for assistance one time and he refused to help me. I was very disappointed, if you can take this with another teacher, do yourself a favor.
2.0 : So I haven't completed my research paper for 343, but just based from the 2 memos and comments Ive gotten(taking course online), he seems to be all bark and no bite. His comments are rude, not very constructive. His comments on Memo 1 made me feel like I did everything completely wrong and failed... yet he gave me 100%. so.. whatever keep it coming
1.5 : Don't look for any teaching here, you won't find it if you made the mistake of taking it online.  Read the required text and you'll do fine.  I think the class is made harder than it should be because of how lousy this professor is.
1.0 : Tough grader. He put the same commend on everyone's paper "Grammar mistake". He seems mean spirited and makes you feel like you will fail at your job later in life.
5.0 : Surprised to see the neg reviews. One of the best professors I have had in my college career. Tough grader, yes, but not crazy by any means.  Learned a lot from him. IT 343 was awesome, I gained a tremendous amount of confidence from it. That frankly will serve me very well for the rest of my life.  Always willing to help, entertaining, c'mon guys
1.0 : Ugh! not the best professor especially online. He doesn't answer emails and if you are lucky, you can get an answer from him 3 weeks later. His feedback are unhelpful; takes off lots of points for unnecessary reasons. I would AVOID taking him, but if you have to, just do your work.
2.0 : I wrote one of these reviews about two years ago. I felt it was a little harsh. He was a hard grader and it was a challenging course. After the course though I did write a better paper on economics in another class to make sure I didnt risk another low grade.
1.0 : Seriously, the absolute worst professor I have ever had at Mason... It's really sad because I've had such a great experience at mason until this wanna be professor. I don't know why they ever let this Econ phd candidate get anywhere near the classroom to teach. This may sound like a slacker that's angry but I'm not a slacker I'm a solid B+ student.
1.0 : Don't think about checking your grade on blackboard,she uses her own spreadsheet so you never know your grade. Her only extra credit assignment was a paper on an hour video. Pop quizzes are based on the class prior and small details in readings. We have never used the book that I purchased. She rambles on and on for a full 3 hrs. PICK DIFF. TEACHER
1.0 : Got the time of the lecture wrong. Finished an hour and a half early. Did not take an interest in one's name or background. No written syllabus. No clarity on how one would be evaluated, other than that there would be an essay. Unable to maintain a clear dialogue. Required textbook was more than half a century out of date.
2.5 : She had a rough time communicating with the class because of the language barrier and then the class walked all over her. She will help you as much as she can to get you the best grade.
1.0 : The teacher is not authoritative and does not have control of the class.  She separates everything online and is not organized.  Her questions for the exams are a paragraph a question and each option is 2 sentences long.  She follows the policies to a tee.  Her final is cumulative.  She is not good at explaining the concepts.
1.5 : Extremely hard to understand. In the class right now, more than half the class did poorly on the midterm and she offers no curve. Switch out or selectively withdraw if you get her. Not a mean person, someone can just probably teach and test the curriculum better than her.
1.0 : Professor Oh simply is not fit to teach. I approached her multiple times throughout the year asking simple questions such as "when is this project due?" and nearly every time she would tell me she didn't know and would get back to me. Guess what? She never got back to me. Additionally she is very difficult to understand in class.
1.0 : where to even begin...NIGHTMARE! This class is super easy...if you don't walk out with an A you should question yourself. Halfway through the semester I just stopped taking notes and played Candy Crush during class. She is all over the place and not clear on ANYTHING. Midterm and Final were easy..dont even bother studying. One group project..easy!
1.0 : This prof. Is not cooaporative and her class is unreactive. I took with her and sweared that i will not take with her again.
1.0 : No no no. Do not take this professor. So so boring. She just goes through the slides. I guess kind of easy, but attendance is part of grade &amp; going to class is harder than preparing for a test. Just a cognitively un-stimulating class. Find another professor. Save yourself.
1.0 : professor has a heavy accent, very unprepared, power point are 100 plus slides and she goes through it in 30 minutes. she says one thing and then the TA emails you a totally different assignment. she grades pretty good and easily. one midterm, one final, and most of your grade is from online homework. she is a doctor and has a lot of knowledge.
1.0 : This class was so frustrating. Power points reached 100-200 slides, ridiculous! If you talk in class she would stop and embarrass you. not cool :( Well, I didn't mind her accent,and her exams &amp; quizzes were fair. The class was very disorganized. She'd always say "dont message me, message your community leaders first." What kind of prof are you?!
2.0 : Terrible professor. The class never knew what to expect with her exams and or what to write for the papers. She also did not allow the class to fill out the course evaluations properly.
1.0 : This class really sucked! Her exams were everywhere, there was so much information she threw at us and gave no guidance on what was going to be on her test and it was painfully boring going to her class even though it was once a week for an hour.
1.0 : she is probably the worst teacher that I've had at mason. reads directly from the powerpoint so class is super boring but you have to go to receive iclicker points. tests were hard and she doesn't reply to emails soooo don't take this teacher if you can avoid it.
1.0 : I did not like this professor at all. She reads straight from powerpoint presentations, and there is information on her tests that she did not cover. She doesn't give much homework, but she takes attendance by doing iclicker questions. Those are the only reason I went to class since her powerpoints are posted on Blackboard. I do not recommend her.
4.0 : I disagree completely with the other comments. I am a long time student and I can say that for a lecture, especially in a subject like biology, it is hard to do as good a job as Bloom did. She spoke well, was easy to talk with and listen to, the class was as interactive as a lecture could be, and the tests were manageable. I had a fine time.
1.5 : Nice lady, but one of the most boring professors at GMU. She literally just reads off the powerpoint word for word in a monotone voice, no enthusiasm or show of passion in the subject. Only worth going to class for iClicker points. Also don't expect to ever get your exams back or a reply through email. Awful teaching, but overall easy class.
1.0 : Don't go to any lectures they are pointless she reads off the power points tests are ok if you study the power points and do the homework. again don't go to lectures.
3.0 : Here's how to pass her class: get the textbook and READ READ READ, then do the homework online (pretty easy if you read the textbook). If you try to understand the material, you will understand the material and the tests will be easy. I never showed up to class but I got A's on all my tests.
1.0 : Avoid this professor if you can. Not a bad person, but teaching is definitely not her calling. Can't explain material, is extremely awkward, and is terrible at lecturing. Test questions are unclear and are not previously covered. It isn't a hard class to pass (you can do it without her) but she will be no help to you.
1.0 : We could have gotten a 7th grade child to read off the slides better than she did.  Thats all she does in the lectures.  She should nit teach. Its like shes reading everything on the power point as if its her first time learning the information for herself. She will make your life dull.
1.0 : The worst professor ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! he doesn't even know how to explain basic math!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3.0 : Professor Dela Pena is not the best, but for calculus , there are professors at Mason who are much worse than him. In class worksheets are worth an exam grade and are usually pretty easy to get an A on. There are three exams and a final which are pretty well represented by the study guides. There are also 5 recitation quizzes, 1 is dropped.
1.5 : do not take this class with her!!!!! she has a very strong accent and is very hard to understand, she does not make it clear what she wants done on assignments and grades you down for it. She gives an absurd amount of work for no reason and is not lenient at all. The class average on the midterm was a 60 and blamed us for it. DO NOT TAKE HER!!!!
1.0 : Professor Wan Lin Chang is a nice person but not a good professor.  Her course expectations are not clear.  She is a tough grader for no reason. More than half the class was not doing well, not because they did not try, but because the professor was extremely difficult to understand.  Don't let her niceness fool you.
3.0 : As long as you actually put some effort into it, you're going to get a B+ or A in her comm100 class. The only issue that I have with her is sometimes a misunderstanding of what she wanted schedule wise. Other than that, I would say she definitely tries and shouldn't be marked off as a bad professor or teacher.
1.0 : Only used the teacher edition of the book for the assignments.  0 instruction. Ignorant about informatics.  Confusing &amp; unreliable syllabus.  Long wait for grades.  Could easily be replaced by a chimp.  Group work, bad book, and kept removing announcements.  PhDs must have been free when she got it.  Figured out the system and is working it!
1.0 : Dr. Cresci provided feedback three times in 14 weeks.  Does not grade in a timely manner. Appears to be available, but it rather unhelpful.  Expectations unclear.   Syllabus useless.  Will teach yourself research!
2.0 : Out of all my online classes this is the one class where i received the lowest grade; A-. You wont have an idea of your grade until final grades need to be submitted! One paper, two quizzes (which killed my grade), each week a learning community is done where you teach each other what you've learned.
3.5 : Overall he's a really nice guy who does what he can to help you. Responds to emails fairly quickly also. It's just a lab class and is not hard at all as long as you keep up with the work. Its a lot of work but not hard work.
1.5 : Although Tunde is an extremely nice guy, I found his labs extremely hard to follow. He speaks very quietly which makes it difficult to understand, also my class never had the correct lab equipment so many times we were forced to skip or alter various lab activities. Multiple lab unrelated activities each class makes for a major headache.
1.5 : He means well, but is a bad and boring teacher. He lectures for exactly 30 mins before the lab starts (although usually not necessary). He will NOT give a perfect grade even if you earn it on simple busy work assignments. Seems to be teaching to fill the time, not to help us learn. Made us go out in rain to do lab while he stayed inside, etc
3.0 : The class had a hard final. I got A because good grades on all the lab reports and quizzes.
1.0 : He does not like to answer questions and he makes the class very hard. Organic Lab is already hard enough and he makes it even more difficult. He takes points off for silly mistakes.
4.5 : OK, its Organic lab. So don't expect for having a fun and easy experience. I took him spring 2014. for the first two weeks I was a little confuse. But it's because of the material. I got an A, but he is not the easy professor. to me, he was so helpful. He is not the easy grader. He is available at his office hours. My lab reports grades were 94.
1.0 : She is new, so she does everything by the books. She is a very harsh grader and is very difficult when it comes to asking for help. I would not wish her class on anyone.
1.0 : This class was terrible. It'll get pitched as a way to complete an IT and History class all at once, but don't fall for it. Teacher is disorganized. No textbook at all. Half the class failed the first exam because she taught the material so poorly.
2.0 : Unorganized. I gave this prof. a 2 for clarity not because her lectures were unclear, but because there was endless confusion about her syllabus and assignments. She would then get irritated at students who asked for clarification. Potential to be a good prof., but needs to put more effort into outside-classroom work and over all friendliness.
1.0 : This man is literally the worst professor I have had at GMU.
1.0 : No one understood anything he said. The textbook was no help.
1.0 : I had to spend about 20-30 hrs weekly conducting online research just to complete the H.W. problems, which were developed for a different textbook (I found them online). Any examples provided were taken directly from the text. Graduate tutors were shocked at the courses difficulty. The exam topics were usually different from ones covered in lecture
1.5 : If he is your last option: promise to yourself that you will dedicate at least an hour a day out of your time reviewing the material/going to his office hours or you will not pass the course. The material in itself is difficult, let alone Castillo's handwriting, speech, and examples are difficult to understand-accent. His office hours are helpful.
1.0 : 3 Reflection papers, Mid-term and a group project. Plus 30h community service. She grades ridiculously hard and doesn't give back assignments for 3 weeks. Most who are taking her now are stuck b/c of a requirement, they should be adding more classes to the Non-profit section. Thus Avoid her. She knows her stuff, but is unrealistic in what she wants
1.0 : This professor is very vague with her requirements, then will grade harshly and not give any feedback.  She doesn't post grades on blackboard so the only way you will get them is if you ask her a few times through email.  She doesn't check her email very often and is hard to get in touch with.  Very boring professor.
1.0 : She does not respond to emails helpfully. She gushes about how we should email her if we have questions since it is an online class, but when you have a question she responds in a manner that makes you feel dumb. There are like 9 quizzes online which are MC 10 questions each, very easy, 2 tests and like 3 papers. Its doable but shes so rude.
1.0 : She actually makes you feel dumb. Not helpful at all and does not answer questions. Her quizzes do not help you learn the material and they seem more like "gotcha" questions than anything else. I am a straight A student, but this teacher makes me feel very stupid.
1.0 : Her assignment instructions are usually over a page long and contradictory throughout. She's also very vague, this makes it impossible to receive any grade better than a B. Her email communication is the worst I've ever experienced at GMU. I was shocked to see she's a published author, I was beginning to doubt her ability to speak English at all.
2.0 : rubrics for assignments are vague. she has a clear syllabus. Hard to get ANY instruction from her. VERY DIFFICULT to reach. Quizzes are difficult because there's usually multiple answers or no answer at all. No study guides but she posts practice exams. DON'T take her if you're registered w ODS. ODS could never reach her either  no accommodations
1.0 : Worst professor I've ever had. Doesn't grade any of your discussion board postings until she has to put final grades in. VERY late on grading everything else. Comes off as rude. Condescending. Just horrible. If I got paid to take a class with her again I would reject it in a heartbeat.
2.0 : Professor Petrick in my opinion isn't a bad professor. She doesn't hold your hand because she expects students to be independent and know when assignments are to be done. After accidently missing one quiz, I quickly learned to write down my schedule for the week according to the syllabus.
3.0 : The good: fantastic class discussions, very knowledgeable professor, reading and writing based assignments, engages class, etc. I learned a lot.  The bad: more reading than is realistic, outdated materials, disorganized, way too picky about papers (holds your hand throughout the entire process and then grades you lower based on minor infractions).
2.0 : If you can understand throug his thick accent then you realize the words he says are really unclear, extremely tough grader and not very helpful. read the book but you have to go to class for his pop quizzes
2.0 : The class is difficult no matter who the professor is. Being a mandatory gen ed, it's required that you take the class. Serrato doesn't speak very good English, so if that's a problem for you then I definitely would not recommend you take it with him. The class is work heavy, so be prepared before taking the class. Pop quizzes mostly every class
1.0 : Worst Professor in the School of Public Policy. Highly recommend to NOT take a class with this Professor. If you're going to take PUBP 741, take it with another professor.
1.0 : Political views slightly to the left of Lenin.  Worst professor in the school of Public Policy.  Stay away.
1.0 : Unless you want to have every reading you do read to you like youre a child, do not take a class with this professor. Very unorganized and when she talks (the only way she lectures-no slideshows) shes all over the place. Also, dont even think about having your own opinion because she will say things like well, no or wrong
1.0 : The most unorganized/disrespectful professor I've ever had. Scatter brained and incredibly rude. She cant complete a thought without getting side tracked (Or use a proper English sentence). Blackboard is also so unorganized you cant find the assignments. Furthermore, she'll send out addition assignments less than 12 hrs before class. So frustrating
3.0 : I had mixed feelings about this professor because she was so confusing and I could never keep up with the readings. At the same time, I got A's on all of the papers. She assigns 3 papers on readings, a bunch of 1 page papers on film reflections, and the final is a take home autobiography. Overall easy class, but very boring
2.0 : Ryan is pretty awful. He didn't communicate with Dr. Crear about what is "correct" on assignments and often changed his mind on how things need to be completed. he's unapproachable and a harsh grader. Not a fan.
1.0 : She has absolutely NO idea what she is doing. The goal of the class was to teach students how to use various database software which she in turn knew NOTHING about. Numerous classes had 20+ minutes of silence as she struggled to figure out what she was doing. She has no right to be teaching this course.
1.0 : Very unorganized and doesnt practice chem enough, can barely go through examples wo correcting himself. Really harsh grader, takes points off from stuff that isn't stated in the rubric and if you don't have goggles or gloves on a minute after the lab starts , minus 40 points. Emails discussion questions 1-2 days before the lab is due. Avoid him.
1.0 : Very low understanding of labs, takes points off from stuff that isn't stated in the rubric, had to practice labs by myself, did not allow lab partners. PLEASE AVOID HIM
4.0 : Strict expectations for lab reports. You don't need paragraphs, but check sig figs and format it correctly. Has a strange grading system but isn't super tough. He tries to act serious but is really bad at it. Enjoys joking around during lab and is friendly. Very helpful and gives good explanations. The labs are awful but he makes them doable.
1.0 : Couldn't remember basic chemistry without using the lab manual.  Is unwilling to help or explain grading policies.  He's a child with a red pen.
2.0 : Quizzes every single class. We were allowed to use our notebooks then he banned it because.. we wrote equations for the quiz. He banned us for using notes.. because we used notes. Yeah.  He does NOT say what to do or what not to do until you do it. then you are wrong. then you get points off your next 3 labs on the same thing. Horrid grader.
2.0 : Not very helpful. When I needed to ask a question I usually received a short answer that didn't really clear up my confusion, and when he answered my questions I often felt like he thought I was dumb for even asking it.
1.0 : to start off, hes probably the worst professor at GMU. you will literally have to teach yourself. take him if you have no other choice. 2 Tests, 4 easy one page essays, and some group quizzes.
3.0 : Good professor with a strong English accent, difficult to understand his lectures sometimes.  But if you teach yourself you will definitely pass.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HIM!! His grading is all over the place (no grading criteria), he doesn't respond to emails, the exams are not based off the study guide, etc. He puts in incorrect grades all the time and takes forever to fix them. DO NOT TAKE HIM NO MATTER WHAT! It's better to wait another semester and go with another professor!
2.0 : Very difficult to understand. He sometimes takes forever to explain a simple concept and then skips over important details for more challenging concepts.
1.0 : He is terrible.
2.0 : Good intentioned guy but I don't think I learned anything from his lectures. Came  off a little clueless as sometimes he'd be asked a question and answer something else or just answer with incorrect outdated info. To be fair it's his first semester. Readstudy the book and you'll be fine. Also, random attendance and class participation count big
1.0 : Didn't learn much from him, very unclear, means well, just not a good professor
1.0 : She had an attendance problem more than once ditching the class and leaving us with whatever TA could cover last minute. Does not explain anything unless asked and even then it's  confusing and a student typically can pick out mistakes. Not good at giving feedback and seemed scared and nervous to interact with students.
2.5 : She's a really nice person but she is such a tough grader. She marked an answer on my quiz wrong for having wrong sig figs.. She also took two points off my lab report for abbreviating molecular weight. Make sure you do the lab reports EXACTLY as expected from the rubric and powerpoint. Also, make sure you read the manual for the quizzes.
2.0 : Quizzes are terribly hard (but that is the Chem department). Did not give feedback until 1 month before the class was over and there is one week left for finals and I still do not have my reports back yet.... Not clear whatsoever!
1.0 : If you have another option, go for it! AVOID HER! Very tough grader and not so knowledgeable about the material.
1.0 : Not a good instructor. Responded to emails rudely &amp; without any help whatsoever. Got annoyed when students tried asking for help. Very late w/ giving back lab reports so students constantly made the same mistakes. Doesnt explain things very well and expects you to already know material. Quizzes are specifics from manual. Youll get through it though
1.0 : Awful. She is a new GTA that doesn't have a clue about what she is doing. Not prepared, unfairconfrontational grader, nothing learned, changes the lab procedure SO much that by the time she changes everything it's not the same thing you studied for and have no idea what your suppose to be doing. ?s make her frustrated, flustered, and upset quickly
1.0 : she was so mean i worked so hard to do everything right but it seemed like she just took off point for the heck of it! believe me i worked hard but this was something else
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HER!  SAVE YOUR GPA AND MONEY!  She is a new TA. Unhelpful when it comes to questions and lab reports. Doesn't clearly go over any take home  (formal) reports. Taking her was probably the biggest mistake I made.  Lecture is difficult in itself and taking her for lab makes it worse, you'll have to teach yourself how to do calculations.
3.0 : She is very sweet and makes an effort. Try your best and work hard, if you put in the time you will get results.
3.0 : She really cares about the students but you have to work for the grade. Go to her office hours, email her, ask questions. In lab she isn't as clear, I believe, bc talking in front of a class makes her nervous. Incredibly tough grader though. I spend over an hour preparing for these labs and generally get Bs. You'll get marked down for small things.
1.0 : Absolutely terrible TA, I've taken this class twice, she can be very confusing and hostile at times when you ask questions in class.  Very by the book, which shouldn't be a bad thing but because the chem department at mason is already anal as it is it just adds to the frustration every lab.  VERY TOUGH GRADER, avoid at all costs!!
2.5 : She's not the best. She's not the worst either. To be honest, I don't think she's very knowledgeable. Probably should consider another teacher...
3.5 : Cute as a button I love her!! She is a new GTA, but she clearly tries her best for the students. Ask her questions, shoot her emails and you'll be fine!
3.0 : She is not the best, but she is not the worst either.  The workload is pretty heavy, but that is because for a lot of the semester the homework for the class is the formal lab report and the prelab for next week.
1.0 : If I hadn't taken this class in high school, I would have failed. His english is hard to understand and he is so used to writing in Arabic that he confuses English letters often. He only teaches in proofs, which you never have to use. I did better the less I went to class. Recitation saved me. 6 question exams with no partial credit.
1.0 : Recitation quizzes aren't too bad, but class is very proof heavy for a 1st calc class. Test problems all have more complex expressions than we see normally so unless you are already a master of every trig and algebra trick stay away.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HIM. his tests are so hard, he takes off points for every single thing. he literally looks for mistakes and wants you to do poorly. We all hope he gets fired because everyone failed his class and he actually sucks
1.0 : Unbelievable, I like Math, I studied more hours for this class than all my other classes combined, straight As in all those, but not a chance here. Failed every test, so doubled study time and worked with math tutors to avoid making nit picky mistakes, but still ended up failing. Was hoping a small curve to bump up to a passing grade, but no curve.
1.0 : Do NOT take. My next classes ALL depended on this prerequisite and 10-20 hours of studying per week got me Fs on all tests with no curve, will have to completely redo schedule or change major now and Spring classes are mostly full.
1.0 : This is by far the worst class I've ever taken. I've taken 150 credits in my college years and this was my last semester. I have NEVER failed a course and this is the first. The teacher is a poor teacher, grades harshly, doesn't curve, confusing, and much more. If this is your only choice for a professor I would delay the class until you can find o
1.0 : Grades based only on exams and the final, not including the recitation. The tests were more complex than the notes we took in class. The course was really difficult and studying didn't help because I still couldn't understand how to do the test problems.
1.5 : She uses powerpoints and the class is very dull.  She is not clear about her expectations on anything-especially the exams or paper (which added together are 50% of your grade). I got a good grade in the class but only because I worked my butt off.  You literally need to memorize hundreds of slides and use her exact words on essay questions
1.5 : When you ask her a question about assignments, "its on the syllabus" When you ask her a question in class, "its in your textbook" When we ask approval or thoughts about a project "Dont worry about it just yet" unhelpful. dry, lectures that go page-by-page with txtbook, soft voice that mumbles. DEFINITELY DO NOT RECOMMEND.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE CLASS WITH HER. From the way she teaches you would expect she had no experience at all. She talks way to softly, and comes across as very rude at times. She expects people to read her mind. Assignments, tests, and papers are NOT CLEAR AT ALL. No one in the class enjoys it at all, and it's sad because the course material is interesting.
1.0 : So she is basically not helpful at all if  a student asks her to clarify she just says look in the textbook and or look on the syllabus  Also in order to get an A on the paper you can not have any grammatical errors not even one .. if you do then she will give you a B- and say this is improper grammar.. she was more a difficult grader than anyone
1.0 : Very nice man but extremely TERRIBLE at explanations and answering questions. DO the work on your own and you will do about B level. I would never take him again or recommend him to anyone. Attendance is taking almost each class.
1.0 : Very little feedback on any assignments and took a long time to get anything back. Wasn't good at answering any questions.
1.0 : Awful professor. I do no know how he is still teaching at this organization. He is based in North Carolina. Never there for his students. Limited communication. Expect you to teach yourself through "youtube" videos. So hypocritical about "professionalism". Avoid at all cost. You have been warned.
1.5 : Awful professor... Not on top of his work, slow grader, not there for his students.  Would not recommend
1.5 : He is extremely slow when it comes to grading assignments.  He is quite hypocritical when he heavily emphasizes how students should be professional and yet his emails are full of grammatical errors (also condescending and accusatory  when the students were not at fault). He is also slow to respond... if he even does respond...  Avoid him.
1.0 : Hard to get a hold of. Takes forever to respond to emails.
1.0 : This guy couldn't care less about teaching. His syllabus is disorganized and he cannot even identify what competencies his class addresses ("analyze how environmental toxins move through the body" Really? Did you even read what you copied?) You're blind in this class since he does not give back anything. Also, it's the same lecture every  time.
2.0 : teaching style is very unorganized compared to other professors. thankfully the novels were interesting.
1.5 : He can't finish a sentence. If it wasn't for lab, I would definitely would have failed. He sighs before explaining anything like everything is a burden. He also likes to mess with statistics in a way to piss everyone off.
1.5 : All his notes are slideshows&amp; he makes too many slides so he moves too quick for you to write down the info w/ shorthand. He puts notes online stalls for weeks even after asking many times so just stay home &amp; read the book if behind. No study guides/classes to prepare for tests. Dismissed me from office hrs b/c "we went over it already." Horrible.
4.0 : Professor Yigit (pronounced yeet) is the type of professor whose respect you have to work for. And he makes you work hard. To pass his class, you must read the textbook before lectures, sit in for his lectures, and do the problem sets throughout the week, not in one sitting. He's got a sense of humor but can be savage. You'll need some thick skin.
2.0 : He expects 110% from all of his students for the whole semester.  Group quizzes every recitation and mastering physics problems (40 per week).  He wants students to have completed readings before attending lectures (which are verbatim from his powerpoint slides on BB).  Exams are extremely tough but are derived somewhat from HW and quizzes.
1.0 : Yigit is the type of professor that encourages students to ask questions and then makes them feel dumb for doing so. He'll never admit when he's wrong and will pretend that his mistakes were intentional. I recommend taking any other professor if you can. You'll only learn from the textbook if you take a Yigit class.
1.0 : Had him for two recitations and a lecture course. He likes to encourage you to ask questions at the beginning of the semester to seem nice, but once the actual lecture starts refuses to answer any. His lectures are taken exactly from the textbook - just read that and you'll get the same info you would from class.
1.0 : Do not, and I mean DO NOT,  take Physics 262 with this professor. Post-pone the course if he's the only option. He might be better at teaching higher-level physics courses, but he comes off as arrogant and egotistical in class. He takes off points for not including little things on exams. Why so meticulous? Time is of the essence.
1.0 : He is not as bad as some of the reviews say. Virtually none of the GMU business faculty have any real world experience and many don't perform research like at good business schools. The only finance profs who are good are Christophe, Horstmeyer, Anderson and Sanders. All the rest are garbage. So Seokwoo isn't as bad as some say.
2.5 : Lee is not a bad professor. He is very smart so he breezes through lectures and leaves the students behind. He curves the class grade and the group project isn't hard. Make sure you have a good group because you have to present your answers to the class. Seriously, learning from the PPT online is the way to go.  No need for the book, HW is online.
1.5 : Exams are super ridiculous especially the final. Expect to study hard and know EVERYTHING (yes, every little detail). Not very clear with his lecture. Homework and his review package are easy but the final exam is really difficult. The good thing is that the grade is weighted against others' performance. So you only need to outperform other people.
1.0 : Nice guy, means well. But no. Insanely difficult class. Didn't learn much. Final was absurd. Hopefully the curve helps in the end. Goodluck to you all.
1.0 : There is nothing with telling a student they are wrong, but when you do so and can't articulate as to why or wont then this creates a lot of frustration for the student. Nothing wrong with touch tests or projects. However, if you are going to give tough tests and or projects, you should be equally prepared to be meticulous with your feedback.
2.0 : Nothing with telling a student they are wrong, but when you do so and can't articulate as to why or wont then this creates a lot of frustration for the student. Nothing wrong with tough tests or projects. However, if you are going to give tough tests and or projects, you should be equally prepared to be meticulous with your feedback.
3.0 : Dr.K is a respected professor and is definitely a very good person. He teaches the concepts really well but doesn't follow a clear pattern. All up for professor but I don't like the course structure. You'll need to put efforts to get an A. However, passing is not really difficult. Beware, too many assignments!
1.0 : Prof. Pak is new to Mason from Cornell University. I took this class for a global understanding credit. Although she is very intelligent her grading criteria is very unclear and the papers I wrote for the class were no less than 9 pages each. There were many extra credit opportunities.
1.0 : Smart professor but is biased and her Korean pride will overpower the class. Papers are extremely long, expected an 8 page final paper but the majority of the class had around 20 pages of work. Very immature, threatened to tell the class the name of a student who was on her nerves and did it. Lots of extra credit films. Textbooks were useless.
5.0 : Whatever. I love her. She is brilliant and fun.
2.0 : Pak is a brilliant woman- except when it comes to technology. Her lectures (given in the form of a lengthy and dense sub-par outline on a word document) were hard to follow, especially when she had the class read out the information instead of teaching it to us. Tests were v. specific w/o much prep. Lots of e.c. Helped me get fantastic internship.
2.0 : As other ppl have said, professor Pak is brilliant in her field. She certainly knows a lot,and she expects everyone else to as well. It's unclear what she expects the class to focus on. There's like 10 recommended books&amp;films + the textbook, and lessons are just read off of a word doc. Exams r "Short answer essays" &amp; r expected to be super detailed
1.0 : Does lectures off a subpar word doc that provides very little aid on exams, assignments, and papers and believes "the better answer should be better rewarded" and "if your answers sound too similar then I will deduct points." Changed the weight of midterm day of from 20% to 25% w/o changing anything else. Uses old students' work as lect material
2.0 : The pattern of her speech can be quite nonlinear. As a result, I have had trouble taking comprehensible/cohesive notes, as well as just  an overall understanding of what she is discussing. Her instructions can be confusing (on a take home exam she said that it is possible to answer in a few sentences and then later said 3 pages maximum)
1.0 : Lectures off a word document  in a nonlinear format without overtly referencing any of our textbooks.  Nationalistic which makes class uncomfortable.
1.5 : Worst econ professor I've ever had, so confusing in his lectures which are also extremely dry. does nothing to keep the class active. exams covered concepts that he did not even cover in class. hw was useless. practice exams were nothing like the actual exams. only econ class i didn't pass at mason. don't take him. you'll regret it.
1.0 : Very poor professor. He says "that's all you need for the homework" and its only the first half of the homework. He doesn't give any examples and just writes equations up on the board with no real explanation. Says he'll post hw solutions that day and doesn't follow through. An extremely poor teacher overall.
3.5 : Good professor but also not an easy A. Do the readings and make sure you follow along with his notes at lecture. Lectures are pretty boring but thats not his fault. I find Austrian Econ to be a bore. If I could go back, I would have chosen a different elective. If you put in minimal efforts you should get at least a C.
1.0 : This is a one credit course and she grades it like a 6 credit course. Don't get me wrong she's one of the best professors you will ever have. But she nit picks every little thing. Not an easy A or and easy C for that matter. You can follow her grading rubrics all you want she will still find things to mark you off for.
1.0 : He is nice, but this class isn't his bag. We did a lot of reading and discussed almost none of it.  He showed us slides from his dissertation that, if you've been to anything else he's presented at, you've already seen.  His syllabus didn't match what he taught or graded (including the rubrics) and I'm not even sure he knew what he wanted us to do.
1.0 : Nobody in the class knew what he wanted.  Made up assignments as he went and none of the assignments or the rubrics matched what was in the syllabus.  He made us read several books and just focused on the one about Africa.  Didn't discuss policy once.
1.0 : While this class was relevant and interesting, Dr. Hopson often seemed disorganized and not quite with it. Furthermore, he wasn't very flexible regarding some extenuating circumstances.
1.5 : Doesn't reply to emails, don't bother trying. She gets crazy over random things like ads (youtube her ted talk). There is no clarification on assignments. She will dock points even though she never mentions what she wantedexpected. It's her opinion or the highway. Gives no feedback or explanation of your grades. Generally has a bad attitude.
1.0 : If there ever was an EASY A class, this social media BS class is it! This class is absolutely worthless. Everyone knows that except the professor. He treats it like its quantum physics. Class is a joke. Biggest mistake so far during my time at GMU.  This guy lectures to the remaining 6 students outta 30 till 10 pm. He tries to be tough grader. WHY?
1.0 : Confusing &amp;worthless assignments. Not helpful at all. Didn't even help us on final project which was 30% of total grade. Quizzes are from book &amp;articles which he covers in class "AFTER" you've taken quiz. No matter how much effort you put in writing DB, if you don't get votes &amp;replies from others, you lose significant points. DON'T TAKE HIM
1.0 : Agree with the comments below! This professor takes off points from your grade if you dont receive enough votes on your discussion board. What sense does it make to lose points over something you are not in control of? He also didn't grade participation until the last half of the semester, so all the effort you made for the first 12 is not counted
1.5 : sigh, I want my money and my time back. Instead paying for this class, I should have bought a gift card to Burger King!!!! and I HATE BURGER KING! I wouldn't recommend this class even if it was for FREE! This professor is a joke. This class is a bigger joke. He tries to grade assignments and take off point for the smallest things. He wants U 2 FAIL
1.0 : what you should do is skip all the classes in the first half of the semester, only show up for quizzes and then show up only on project presentations, ask 1 or 2 crappy questions and leave afterwards. That's the only time he counts participation. He lectures to 6 people who are on their computer till 10 pm. What does that mean? he DOESN'T CARE
2.5 : His lectures are long and very dry.   During class he writes random words down on the board in random places which makes the lecture even more difficult to follow.   Many books are required but seldom used, check them out from the library if you can.
1.5 : The mid-term and final study guides, he'll only give you possible essay questions to study. He'll send them out one to two days before the exams, not giving students enough time to study. While you are assigned four textbooks, you really don't need them, as most of the material on the mid-term and final consist of what he talked about in class.
2.0 : Really unorganized! Grading criteria not clear at all!
1.0 : She is not responsive to email even though this is an online class. Expect every two weeks to read at least 200 pages and additional material,  take 1 quiz, 1 paper (2-5 pages) and a discussion. Really tough grader- love deducting points with no explanation. Treat this class like a writing intensive capstone class and you may pass it.
2.5 : Her online class has already started off confusing with typo's, glitches, unclear messages, unreadable files and mixed up due dates. The homework is just about what is expected for an online course and the papers are little long. Lots of research and time needed to pass this course!
2.0 : She is God awful, her teaching ways are wrong and she's always paranoid of her students cheating. Does not give any grades but quizas and is not a good teacher.
1.0 : No more. No more. She is discrimination!
2.5 : This professor is horrible. She gives weekly quizzes and that's it! Those r the only grades. Homework is assigned and not graded but it is crucial to passing the quizzes. Her concepts r difficult and she is overall a horrible teacher! Don't take her!
1.0 : She hates America. She is a brit so all I hear about how much she dislikes this country. What I don't get is, why is she here? she is boring and talks nonsense for all the class time, she reads from the paper. She makes the most interesting subject in psychology the least interesting subject. I wouldn't take her.
1.0 : If you want to fall a sleep or just hate your life, than take her class. She keep talking about how bad this country is and makes fun of US, but she is here! Strange!!! She just look at her papers and mumbling stuff. She makes Abnormal psych the most boring subject. Exams are 100 questions for at least 5 chapters. Don't take it!
1.0 : She has to be the worst professora poor teacher. Not everyone is meant to teach and she is one of them. The lectures don't match the class. She is not clear in what she expects from you and keeps changing her mind. Her accent is so strong, it's hard to understand. It was a waste of time to sit in class. You learn more from youtube videos.
1.0 : Obstinate
4.0 : This class is pretty easy online, there are a lot of little assignments but she is very clear with her expectations. As long as you do the homework you will pass. She is also very helpful via online office hours and responding to emails.
1.0 : Professor Swann is not clear as to what she expects from her papers.  she hard to approach and no one wanted to ask her any questions because she wans't really friendly.  She will give you feed back if you ask for it but expect to work hard for your grade.  There's a lot of reading and the papers are not that tough if you understand what you are doing.  I wouldn't take her class online again it was too stressful.
2.0 : Avoid this professor. Not only are the assignments vague and confusing, she never responds to emails. Then she tells you that you "misinterpreted the assignment" and deducts points for it. Avoid at all cost!
1.0 : Her assignments were vague at best and often contradicted her syllabus. I received "0"s on projects because I was working off of a rubric that she was not. Hated this class.
1.0 : Swann taught a class about racism and gender inequality  rather then about how to write a basic paper.  She is extremely quick to hand out zeros on papers (no late policy whatsoever ). I got an A- because I wrote a final paper that had an argument I knew she would agree with.  Also, prepare to spend loads of ink printing off the articles.
4.0 : I took Professor Swann's English 302 class online. I've taken a lot of online classes and hers wasn't hard, nor was it easy. Usually there are 2-3 assignments a week and they aren't too time consuming. There was a couple of big projects but she is a fair grader. As long as you do the work, you'll be fine.
2.0 : This class is SO difficult and SO SO SO much work! The reading assigned would take a week alone and your paper would be due then! Also there is a lot of online activity, eg you have to post blogs and sign up for accounts and also for a chat room to ask questions. Would not recommend.
2.0 : I truly struggled in this course, and I was reconsidering becoming a Special Education teacher, but after taking this course, I changed my mind. Beware of group projects and pop quizzes. She'll expect you to know the materials , and she grades pretty harshly. If something comes up, don't expect her to be lenient. She will give you an incomplete!!!
2.0 : I got an A but you should stay away. The amount of work you will put into this class (compared to other grad courses) will feel like double. Her actual teaching is fine and I learned the material, but it's just not worth it. She is a strict grader down to the details (of which too many spoiled the soup and caused a lot of confusion and unclarity).
2.0 : She only gives less than one minute per complicated question.  Thinks otherwise people will cheat.  Can be condescending in her lectures.  Unhelpful in learning material.  Believes everyone should be self taught learner.
2.0 : Really nice guy and has a lot of experience working for the government, but this was his first semester teaching and it definitely showed. He changed the grading criteria around three times over the course of the semester and everything was unclear. Tests were easy if you read, he was a tough grader on essays which he does not give feedback for.
1.0 : Chen is, by far, one of the worst professors I've had. She is confusing in instructions, unnecessarily strict on late workabsences (with little to no leeway), wastes class time w repetitive activities done outside class (i.e. fine cut reviews) and meticulously grades (e.g.  0.71 point). DO NOT TAKE. As a film major she makes me dread editing.
2.5 : The editing class I've taken with Yi Chen is definitely not the best. Although she can be a very nice person, I don't believe she was meant to teach. If I hadn't learned editing already, it would have been really hard to learn it in this class, some of the assignments seem pointless, and she relies too heavily on books rather than showing us.
1.5 : Chen is by far the worst professor I've had. Unclear, confusing and her classes are very slow. It still unclear to me her grading method. I just don't think she was meant to teach, specially at a university like GMU.
1.0 : Don't let the high grades of the other raters fool you. Just because we all got good grades does not reflect the teaching ability of Chen. The amount of HW assigned for each week is crazy. So much so, that if you manage to miss a few projects, you still end up walking away with enough points to acquire an A in class. Get ready for mass confusion.
1.5 : He repeats himself every class: "political will," "consensus," "leadership." Speaks really abstractly and doesn't talk about the policy of food aid/security, but then expects that you can answer essay questions about it on the midterms.
2.5 : He is a tough grader- you can try your best and he will give you a B, really really hard to get an A. If you don't participate you won't even get a B in the class. He assigns a 10 page paper and does not allow room for improvement for a better grade. I suggest not taking him even if his lectures were somewhat interesting but mostly babbled on.
1.5 : He just rambles the whole class and it is a boring lecture. TONS of assigned reading. 10 Page Midterm paper, min 12 page final paper, present your work and talk in class. Thats the whole grade. Not hard to pass, but not the best class.
1.0 : He just talks and talks and does not make any sense. I always took notes in class and that didn't even help me get a decent grade. He is not interesting at all and will not even help you even if you want a better grade. He believes he is right and you are wrong even if you try your hardest in the class. AVOID HIM HE WILL NOT GIVE YOU A BETTER GRADE
1.0 : DO NOT take this class with professor Leeds! It is one of the more difficult psychology classes since it is statistics based, but this was by far the hardest class with him. He does not know how to teach undergraduates. His lectures are long and boring. He should only be teaching PhD students. Way too difficult.
2.5 : Dr. Zulauf seems like a really great person, but his teaching style was rough for me. He's very knowledgable about his material, but the material comes from his knowledge rather than the book. Tests are extremely hard. Grade for the class is made up of 3 exams and a tiny participation grade. Only one A in a class of more than 20.
1.0 : This guy is extremely rude. Did not bother to look over any material (power points, course schedule) before posting material online. When I asked him a question, not only was he super disrespectful in his response but also was dead wrong. His feedbacks are also very condescending. Seemed like he didnt take this course seriously because its online.
1.0 : Don't write your personal opinions on essays even with evidence and sources.  She will dock a LOT of points if she doesn't agree with you.  Her instructions were also vague on class assignments and she would become indignant when asked for clarification. If you want a professor who is objective in her grading and acts professionally look elsewhere
2.0 : unclear in what she wants, demands participation, not the easiest engh class -- wouldn't recommend
1.0 : Changes the syllabus a lot over the semester, makes it mandatory for students to participate in class, does not respect students, makes grading based on revision and not content, and if you speak in class and it does not relate to the discussion, she says something along the lines of "Yeah, that's great... Okay moving on." Would avoid
2.5 : Took her for ENGH 101, she can get annoying. If you need help she will help you but she gets confused herself many times. One time she changed the deadline of a paper 4 times in one day.
2.0 : Not a fan of her teaching style. 3 essays including a research paper.  She is not very clear in her grading process. She is very young and inexperienced. She takes attendance every class and expects you to participate in discussions.
1.5 : She is very unclear with assignments, deadlines, and what is expected in general. Professor Mohney just didn't seem all that interested in teaching or my learning. Seemed unprepared most days. As a side note, she has pretty stellar style.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE ANY OF HER CLASSES! She is a terrible teacher. One of the worst at GMU.
1.0 : Took him 4 weeks to give back the one and only assignment there was in the class that he had to grade.  two problem sets took about 9 hours average to do each one.  Both tests were difficult.  He is not helpful with answering students questions.  You basically have to teach yourself the class.  Very difficult class with a lot of work.  Don't take.
1.0 : I would not recommend this class! The professor reads through powerpoint slides (very quickly) and does not post ANYTHING on blackboard so you must make it to every class. She does not give many breaks, so if you step out to use the bathroom, you might miss something. She does not give extra credit and is not very helpful.
1.0 : Mr. Jeffries was extremely disrespectful and combative towards our entire class. He expected EVERYONE in the class to participate 100%, and if you did not, he would complain. He even threatened 95% of the class of plagiarism and honor code violations. It was extremely uncomfortable in the class due to the excessive pessimism. Worst prof at GMU.
1.0 : worst professor ever had. A community college professor would have done better than him. Showed no respect for students. would not recommend him
1.0 : Worst professor in the U.S.  Lacks respect for students and publicly shames students. A high-school gym teacher could have been a better professor. He demanded respect and participation, yet he would not give respect to his students. The class was awkward and he is the most difficult person to deal with.
1.0 : In the beginning he was a cool professor but due to a note a student sent to the dean about how he talks to us changed the dynamic atmosphere from "I can bare this class" to "dang i missed the deadline to drop this class". He works at a correction so guessing the mood of his job affects the mood of the classroom 4 out of 5.
3.5 : Expected a lot from his students.
1.5 : Worst professor ever!!! Repeats the book verbatim basically the lectures are useless however attendance matters. Doesn't assignment homework at the beginning of semester but expect a lot of excel and access assignments at the end. He shouldn't be a professor, I can't believe they allow him to teach. Self-taught course be prepared!!!
1.0 : Like other student said, just don't take it. If you must have to take it, then you must spend a lot of time for this class. Also, don't spend to much time on homework problems for exams.  All exams are not related with homework problems at all. For the study guide, he will just tell what chapters are on the exam(almost 10 chpaters per exam)
1.0 : I have never had a professor as unprepared. He started off okay, as the semester went he seemed to comprehend less and less. Eventually he clearly didn't know if what he was doing was right or wrong regularly responding with, "I don't know if it is right or wrong you tell me." Which was clearly not him trying to teach... Which was also terrible.
1.0 : Professor reads SLOWLY off slides with minimal explanation. Grades HW strictly and does not offer any comment, expect to read through solution manuals. Lecture material rarely syncs up with the lab schedule. Test questions are often vaguely worded and he will not attempt to clarify - "Figure it out." Relies on class to answer in-lecture questions.
2.5 : Reads from slides. Gives you homework that you must scan in pdf format for credit. Doesn't give feedback on graded homework. Said attendance was 5% of your final grade and an in class quiz was 5% but he forgot to make quiz so he made attendance 10%. Attendance mandatory. Two weeks behind each lab which made them difficult. Harsh grader.
3.5 : Professor Amir is nice but expect a lot of homework. He Doesn't  grade on time and he doesn't give feedback on graded homework. If you don't come to class very often your attendance grade will suffer! Two exams a combination of T/F and multiple choice questions, and if you study the material you will do fine. I would recommend him!
5.0 : Honestly I really do not know why he is under rated. He is amazing, very helpful.  Show up and do the homework and will get an A. He makes the course  material easy to understand, his tests are straight forward and direct. I highly recommend professor Abouelnaga. No projects,  clear instructions for the  homework, easy multiple choices tests.
1.0 : Frequently doesn't show up to class in time, completely disregards his students. The lab is unfortunately, where you'll get most of the learning done.  This professor simply reads off the slides and expects the students to keep up. No interactive activities to help enforce the material. He doesn't even write on the white board.
1.5 : Literally the most ridiculously draconian professor I have ever seen , heard of, or had the misfortune of taking. In our first midterm, he didn't have enough copies of the test so he burned through the first 15 minutes, didn't give us make up time, and the test was so long that literally nobody finished with more than half of the problems done.
1.0 : I'm not sure if you can be called a professor if you just read off of powerpoint slides for an hour and a half. Not only is Prof. Abouelnaga's teaching style uninteresting, the homework is often vague and very harshly graded. The structure of the class is also confounding as we stepped from traits of an engineer to 3d vectors in a week. Avoid this.
1.0 : Horrible professor. Reads lectures straight off slides very slowly without any explanation. Expects everyone to know everything before being taught. He never really tells you when homework is due, or if there is homework. But he will openly give out zeros to those he chooses.   I would never advise taking this class with this professor.
2.0 : Overall,  he's okay, and lectures are basically him reading off the slides. Most students bring a laptop and don't even pay attention. Assignments are easy, but the most complex assignment is a semester project you do in a group  and you're required to have group meetings weekly. Attendance is taken at random, so I don't recommend you skip class.
1.0 : Hard to understand.  Reads straight from slides.  Very unclear about due dates.  Expects everybody to know everything before he teaches it.
1.0 : He taught me nothing and was not a good professor. I don't want to be rude but he should not be teaching this course. From what I have heard about the other ENGR 107 courses, he is by far the worst and made this class useless to me, an engineering major!
2.0 : Professor Abouelnaga took an extremely long time to grade everything in class. His lectures were also very boring. He is an alright teacher, but there is a lot of homework.
1.0 : This guy is something else. Reads directly off the slides, offers no new context. No unique or additional input at all! We'll learn about random topics concerned with engineering inconsistently. Extremely boring and unreliable - beware of a group project that is vaguely covered (counts as the class final). Please stay away if possible!
1.0 : Literally the most unbelievably poor experience I have had at Mason or NOVA. We spent the first half of the semester listening to him read off the same slides every class describing "traits of good engineers." Then one day he decided to read off slides that were for advanced level electrical engineering. He calls every test a Midterm. Hes clueless.
1.0 : He is a horrible teacher. First half of the semester he was at least 20 minutes late to class if he even showed up. He does not teach, he only reads the slides. We were always at least 2 weeks behind what we did in lab. Don't bother talking to him, he is the worst teacher I have ever had.
1.0 : Do not take for EDSE 619! I wish I would have had a better professor for such an important class. This class is the reason I decided to start using rate my prof. again. The syllabus, course information, assignment information is always vague and is constantly changing. Her discussion questions are not informative, just busy work. AVOID
2.0 : I agree with 12/27/2015 (EDSE 460). Synchronous classes each began with a 5-10 minute live video lecture. Then students were paired up into chat rooms. The professor popped in to answer questions once per session. Sometimes the chats felt too unstructured and like a waste of time. The three class calendars were out of sync and confusing.
1.0 : The material itself isn't too difficult, particularly if you're familiar with aba, but the delivery is awful. Grading is very slow and late, synchronous sessions seem very pointless, poor organization and communication, random removals/changes of assignments. All in all this class could be taught so, so much better than it was.
1.0 : The course is disorganized, vague, hard to know what to do. One week you are you might be in Week 13, but you're doing an activity feed back form for #12 and partner activity for 11 and things get really confusing. I SO wish I had paid attention to rate my professor before taking from this professor. not effective teacher
3.0 : Very nice professor, and she's willing to help when needed, but the course itself is a challenge if you didn't read ahead of time. I like the structure of having a synchronous online class, but it's also a challenge to keep up in class too.  Mostly you're taking quizzes online and completing in-class assignments with a classmate or two.
1.0 : If anyone is reading this from another college (you can see he has been to many), Dr. Sorkin was no longer allowed to teach the A &amp; P lecture at George Mason. His average grades on exams were always between 45 -65. The grades were preposterous as a result of his terrible teaching. He is cantankerous and monotonous. Take any other professor.
1.0 : He is not clear at all. Expects every student to know every sentence of every slide. Gets upset over simple things, and lectures are boring. He only reads off of the slides and does not care about his students. He yells during exams and almost made a classmate cry. DO NOT TAKE!!
1.0 : Not for kinesthetic learners. Expects you to know everything. Doesn't explain anything. Repeats PowerPoint
1.0 : Incredibly disrespectful, even though he continuously attributes it to his manner of speaking and cultural background. Very strict with rules. Pretty hard class overall and he does not truly teach the materials, he simply reads off of powerpoints. Avoid if you can, but if you can't, the class is manageable as long as you study often and well.
1.0 : Very rude and disrespectful. He doesn't teach, he reads from a powerpoint. He is unapproachable when I asked for help. I would not recommend anyone taking his class.
1.0 : He gives you powerpoints filled with information and makes it unclear what is important to study for the test because his study guides are super long.
1.0 : I took this class because it was a pre-requisite for my major. I knew from the beginning that this would be a hard class, but I wasn't expecting the professor to be so difficult, mean, and downright rude to his students. I would not recommend this teacher to anyone who is looking to pass with a good grade.
1.0 : He is honestly the worse professor I have ever had.  He completely humiliates the class saying that we don't take enough hours in studying because our class average is 60% on exam.  If you are taking this class as an intro because you want to become a nurses, then STAY AWAY from him at all costs! I regret taking his class and is no help whatsoever.
1.0 : This Professor was no help at all. He has many complaints about being rude and the class is just him reading off his disorganized slides. The tests consist of 75 multiple choice and 25 free response and the free response are near impossible.
1.0 : Awful professor He is rude and condescending in all interactions, study guides are useless and exams are overly difficult.
2.5 : 1st average exam: 65% 2nd average exam: 60% More than 30% of the students dropped the class. You literally have to memorize every single word on the study guide/ power point to do well on the exam.  Enough said.
1.0 : AVOID TAKING HIM. He is so rude &amp; he literally will read off the powerpoint. I can do that at home but I have to attend class because he gives little quizzes in the beginning of class. He is not clear at all and is very difficult to confront. NOT A GOOD PROFESSOR. the only thing he is good at is screaming at his students "HELLO?! IS ANYBODY THERE?"
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS.  Professor Sorkin is a very smart man but is not a good professor.  HIs last two exam averages have been 65 and 60.  When students are doing that poorly on exams, the blame can't be places solely on the students.  As I write review this before my next exam, I can only pray to God that we will pass his ever-boring class...
1.0 : Please do not take this professor. 124 is already hard enough but having him was the worst decision I made. Ended up dropping because I just wasn't doing well and not learning anything. Take Masterson. He is also the rudest person ever and I am surprised that he even got hired.
1.0 : He is a smart professor. However, he has an attitude toward his students. He sounds angry most of the times. He gets mad very easily. He has so many information cramped into his slides that it is hard to understand. He does not explain the powerpoint but just read off them. If you are a person who is good at bio, take him, or else don't.
2.0 : Human anatomy is hard and not for everyone. He tells you right off the bat his exams are based off of the powerpoints and study guides, so you have to study those well. He really isn't that difficult and even gives practice problems which he then just rewrites onto the exams.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HER! She DOES NOT know how to teach. She gets super defensive when you challenge something she says. Her assignments aren't at all clear, and she does a lot of unnecessary group projects to save herself from teaching. Just go read her Santa Monica CC ratings, wish I had.
1.5 : Not the best professor I ever had. She is usually very unclear of her directions and about assignments due. When you ask her a simple question, she talks down on you and acts like she's been right and clear the whole time. She goes off topic and talks about her personal life some of the times. I would recommend not taking her if you can avoid that.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HER. Have a simple question? You're never gonna get that question answered. 1 of 2 things is gonna happen, she bashes on you for 5 minutes about how you should know the answer, or she starts talking for another 10 about a completely off topic subject not related to what u just asked. Plus, not helpful &amp; doesn't know the course material.
2.0 : The class is easy but she didn't know what she was doing, she's new here. She told us how to do things but then graded it a different way. She is in consistent with her grading criteria, sometimes she'd follow the rubric and sometimes she didn't. She told us to ask questions but she doesn't answer questions clearly and she is a bit intimidating.
2.5 : Overall I liked this class. The material itself was interesting and we did a lot of different activities in class that made it easy to learn. However Professor Smith is new here and she's not familiar with the course so she'd go back on her word a lot. She talks very fast and doesn't give clear directions but she's an easy grader.
2.0 : Homework and quizzes every week.
1.5 : She is the absolute WORST teacher I've ever had, and I'm not even an art major. I took this class thinking it would be fun and it turned into a nightmare. She is VERY controlling and there is almost no creative freedom at all. She draws all over your art thinking she's helping but she isn't. Also inflexible and has no concept of personal space.
1.0 : I expected to enjoy Drawing II, exploring more techniques that would help me be better at drawing. Instead this professor gave us typical work done in drawing I. We never got to drawing in color, so the whole semester we did b/w media. Her idea of 'helping" is telling us how she would want it, not for us to like our own work. Take another class.
1.0 : Due to English as a second language communication at times was difficult; Strong command, personal space issues, we focused on vine charcoal &amp; no other medium,  She provided timely feedback.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR.  He will spend the first 45 min of class (poorly) lecturing about last class. He equates to a tyrant in class, if your not directly staring at him he will call you out.  The material itself is not hard, but can be subjective which is where he will doc you points. It's not impossible to pass, just not worth your time.
1.0 : I have wasted HOURS adding rows to E-R diagrams and Databases. The point of this class isn't data entry - WHY are we mandated to waste so much time entering hundreds of tuples into a database!  The content is moderately tough, but the assignments are laboriously excessive and will make you despise the class, and quite possibly the professor.
1.5 : Dr. Motro has a funny sense of humor, but is also very rude. He is known for ambiguity both in lecture and on test/homework problems. He usually makes the students pay for his mistakes rather than taking responsibility. The HWs are not bad, but the tests are challenging and occasionally very ambiguous, and have a much higher weight than the HWs.
1.0 : He literally took the test paper out of my hand and told me I had to turn it in. There was still plenty of time for the exam. His tests only have about 4 questions so it's really hard to pass
3.0 : Strict about no laptops or phones during class, he will call you out. All tests are one hour long, even the final! Does not go deep into the math behind database theory, which i didn't mind. Teaches from slides that he developed, and are the primary study source. boring class, material is well planned out,you learn a lot from the hw.
4.0 : He is tough. Despite all the things I've heard about him, I took him Summer session which is only 5 weeks. I think it's a doable class. You just have to really understand the material to take the test. Go for his office hours, he helps a lot. Also, I read his slides and book before going to class and his lectures made more sense.
1.0 : He is the worst professor I ever had. Do not take him. Specially, in the Summer. He ruined my well kept GPA. He teaches little, expects the knowledge of an expert in the exam. An exam is just one hour and 4 problems, even the final was 1 hour. Ridiculous.
3.5 : The course I took with this professor was pretty easy and basic stuff (at least that's what I felt). He teaches well and good. There were many homeworks, but not hard. Tests are little tricky, beware. He cuts many points, but then the grading is relative. He is very very sarcastic and hilarious.
1.0 : STOP, Whatever you're thinking, DO NOT, REPEAT DO NOT TAKE ANY CLASS WITH MOTRO, JUST DON'T. I'm not graduating this semester due to this man and his stupid 75% exams 25% projects grading schema, the worst waste of time ever.
1.0 : He shows little respect to students. He teaches obsolete material but he thinks he knows everything. He gives the subjective exam and it is very bias. He does not help students. He never replies your email. He is the worst professor ever. He doesn't deserve to be a professor. He is a joke.
2.5 : Wasn't  a good professor. Get the book, she mostly test's you on it and lets you have a cheat sheet for exams. Takes attendance by in class assignments which are easy. Gives a chance at extra credit. Also gives a  group assignment that's supposed to be 30min long. Overall you'll be fine if you read the chapters in the book.
1.5 : The class overall was good but here's the kicker: the tests will KILL your grade. Her tests have nothing to do with her lectures and some information is not even found in the book. There is a group presentation but that was easy.  Participation matters, there is a participation grade every class period. She is NOT very helpful either. Run away FAST
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HIM. You will have lots of writing assignments (yes, writing assignments in a finance class) and learn nothing from this class, which is the worst combination ever. The only good thing is he will bring some guests who are working for real estate development firms, and their lecturers are much more interesting than his lectures.
1.0 : Worst professor that I've ever had in my undergraduate. Have you write lots of papers and never grade them. His emails and instructions are painful to read because they're so wordy and ridiculously long (6 pgs instruction for a writing assignment, are you kidding me?). He tried to look like a cool professor and failed so badly.
4.0 : Really nice professor. He very knowledgable about Real Estate and has a lot of connections with developers who he periodically invites to class for a lecture. Not sure why everyone is complaining about ungraded assignments. He said from day 1 that this class is an Easy A if you turn in all your work in time and participate in class discussions.
1.0 : He definitely wrote his own review below. Completely unorganized and clueless in teaching. He thinks he's a god of Real Estate but he doesnt teach the material or share his knowledge. All semester we literally listened to him praising himself, thats it. Yeah, no grading criteria at all, ridiculous writing assignments that are not graded. Good luck
1.0 : not good at all
4.0 : Lectures are boring but can lead to good discussions. Do the reading because she'll randomly assign group "projects" in class that you'll have to present with only a few minutes of preparation. I was pretty quiet, but I still got an A. Most of grade based off of projects/papers - easy if you follow instructions. Easy tests, if you look at the txtbk
1.0 : Absolute worst class I've had at any level.  EXTREMELY difficult to understand bc of her accent, but mostly because of her baffling syntactical idiosyncrasies.  She over-explains basic concepts and glosses over complex ideas.  Her "clarifications" are more confusing that the original.  Her syllabus had numerous errors.  She doesn't answer emails.
1.0 : She has graded one of my assignments since the semester started, the only grade I have other than that is the midterm that was graded by blackboard. Minimal feedback, will respond promptly to an email but with typos. Does not do extensions because she "won't have time to grade anything." Is not understanding in spite of her being a social worker.
1.0 : This was the most unorganized class I have taken at Mason. The syllabus and blackboard contained numerous errors in regards to due dates. Its the last week of classes and I have 2 grades posts. She made a project a group assignment THE week it was due, moved the final and gave us A DAY notice and will add on to projects past the due date. AVOID!!!
1.0 : This was the worst online class I have ever taken! The syllabus had different due dates than blackboard, and grades weren't posted until the last week of the classes. Emailing the professor for clarifications was even more frustrating as she constantly changed her answers and couldn't remember previous conversations.  AVOID!
1.0 : The face to face class was horrible it was structured like an online class. Instructions for assignments we're difficult to understand at times . You read the book and hopefully enough people discuss what was read so you can do well on the tests. Read the book and ask questions if an assignment seems unclear in any way
1.0 : Taken for grad school, really tough grader, does not give good feedback, it almost seems like he doesn't read the papers but then he makes rude comments on them.  Only 2 exams- midterm and final, really difficult but (even though the whole class did poorly) does not curve, allow corrections or extra credit.  Teaches like everyone has taken stats.
1.0 : Labs are super long, it's not his fault though it's the department and the lab coordinator who assigns the labs. He is chill in the lab, but when it comes to grading he follows the rubric STRICKLY
1.0 : She is one of the worst professors I have ever encountered. She barely speaks English&amp; to be teaching a bio Anatomy &amp; Physiology class it would be nice to understand her. She is extremely rude&amp;makes you never want to ask for help. Thinks she is better than you &amp; Does not tell you what to study for quizzes. DO NOT TAKE HER IF YOU DONT HAVE TO!!!
2.0 : Although I did end up with a good grade in his class, I had no idea whether I would fail or pass until I recieved my grade. The class is graded arbitrarily by few things. It has some interesting content as a course, and he certainly is knowledgable, however, this course was wayyyy to unorganized when I took it.
2.0 : You really do have to work for your grade in her class. You have to genuinely want to do well otherwise you will struggle to keep up. There's homework every class and some type of reading due. The journals were critical. You can't turn anything in late. Again, not an easy class but the professor is great in my opinion.
1.0 : If you want to fail the class, register for her class.
2.0 : If you are not passionate about literature, she is kind of hard to get along with. Her course structure is very complicated and requires close attention. I am taking advanced, 300 and 400 level courses, unfortunately her class takes most of my time due to back to back assigned reading material. Strongly not-recommended!
2.0 : Get ready to read and stress and be confused for the entire semester. Interesting discussions but, if you don't turn in your assignments on time, you can't turn it in at all. If you forget the text readings at home, she'll ask you to just leave the class. For a gen ed class, we did 300/400 level work and it was extremely stressful to get an A.
3.5 : Cannot see her without an appointment, homework is back to back, cannot revise papers, late homework is never accepted, if it snows and school is cancelled, you will still have an online class, and she does not care about her students. Don't take her.
1.0 : The class is very confusing.  She changes syllabus every week. Now she plans to take a final exam for an English class instead of letting us write the final paper.  She does not give study material for the final exam, as usual very confusing.  We are sure that every one will fail her exam.  I wish I knew early and would not register for this class.
1.0 : The most stressful class of my college time.
1.0 : It is a very difficult class.
1.0 : This is one of the most difficult English classes I have ever taken and it's just a general education course. She assigns you to read 500 page novels at the same time an essay needs to be written. Way too many reading journals to do during the semester. Her papers are also graded harshly.
3.5 : Professor Folan is a great person. She's easy to get along with. Her teaching style is very interactive. Be sure to raise your hand and answer questions because participation is everything. Class wasn't that interesting. You learn a lot of the basic stuff. A lot of classes we just watched videos. But attendance is mandatory so you still have to go.
4.0 : EC at end. Dropped lowest quiz (didn't tell us until we did reviews). Mostly papers, that need to have substance. Watch movie, read stories, and listened to podcast that we did papers on. Attendance matters. Final was all FRQ on BB. Read a lot of books and stories. Write two papers. Weekly journal,. Interesting class group discussions
4.0 : Not sure why he got bad rating, i liked him and his instructions. It is something that students need to figure out on their own or level up to his level, that is what makes the class such intriguing.   While I may not be a team player role, his class did help me  understand my own personality and how I played in the teamwork.
1.0 : Professor Slate lacks ability to give concise directions and explain relevant topics. He does not really teach the class, rather he facilitates exercises from the book. Students in the class were left confused and he did not answer questions clearly... leaving students more bewildered by material. I would not recommend taking this professor.
1.0 : You. Have.  Been. Warned. I highly recommend not taking this class with Dr. Slate. He makes things impossibly difficult with his vague expectations and instructions. This results in a class where you learn absolutely nothing and  a very frustrated set of students.
3.5 : Extremely nice lady. She's new to teaching, but she brings a lot of real world experience to the class room. However she can get sidetracked with her own stories, but she'll spend time with you if you need help with a particular topic. Be prepared to do practice problems out the ass for exams
1.5 : Flies to power points. Talks whole class without giving any examples, teaches as we already knew the material. I learnt more from the narrated power point slides on E-connect that from her whole class. Even though she is nice, worst professor I have ever taken. Her exams average grade were 61%.
3.0 : She brings a lot of work experience into her lectures, and tries to engage her students rather than lecturing from the slides. She helps you understand the material, and will help you if you do not understand something. She will review the quizzes and tests in class, and helps you understand why the other answers are wrong.
1.0 : She does not teach. The only thing she does is to summarize the material, which is not helpful at all. She barley bring up an example to help you understand the material. Supper boring class.  I'm not recommending her!
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR! Literally a waste of time if you sit through her lectures. You might as well stay at home and teach yourself the material, trust me, you'll learn more than you will in class.
1.0 : I dont recommend this prof. to anyone. She  kills your grade for sure. She spends 30% of time at the beginning of each class talking about her son. She  then rushes for the rest of time left to cover the material. This is a hard class. She never uses the board, always uses excel to show you the numbers. You are just copying. Choose another prof!
2.0 : Rushed through a lot of the material. Except to spend many many hours outside the class learning the material. This is a hard class.
1.0 : First time teaching 331- not very good. Reads off and goes through examples. Not very helpful. Does everything in excel and confuses herself and her students... AVOID HER. This course has very hard tests, so try and take anyone but her. She isn't helpful, is super slow, gets side tracked, and doesn't make it through the notes in a timely fashion.
1.0 : She will kill your grade with two long writing assignments. You need to study end of the chapters  multiple choice questions to do well in the quizzes. She does not curve your grade at all. She misses 3 to 4 classes in whole semester. Boring and sleeping class. you will  not learn anything and will not get good grade for sure. Avoid  her at any cost
1.0 : She does not care about your grade. Her teaching skills suck. Dont take her, just wait until the next semester or sit in another professor's lectures because she's no help
4.0 : Best accounting professor I've had at Mason.  She makes sure you understand the material before moving on and will answer any and all questions you have. Because she is thorough in answering questions, lectures can seem fast paced at times. This also happens because there's a lot of material in a chapter. The material is difficult, study!
1.5 : Rude  Impatient
2.0 : homework/online quizzes are based off the book.  Test are straight off of his powerpoints and he gives a very comprehensive study guide and practice questions, but the exams are very specific and detailed and long. They are hard but if you study well, you will pass easily enough. Lots of room for points, but dont skip class as there are pop-quizes
1.0 : There is no clear rubric for grading.
2.0 : This professor gives A LOT of work. Each assignment is already very time consuming and on top of that he gives a lot of them. Some of the assignments are pointless like what question would ask the to the author of the book we had for the coarse... like seriously what a waste of time..  i think he does not know that students have other classes
2.0 : Ho Kwan was a little disorganized in her teaching and it was often times hard to understand what she was saying. However, her tests were pretty easy if you went over her study guides and power points. She wasn't very good at getting back to emails in a timely fashion. She assigned one paper and 3 exams throughout the semester. Overall easy grader.
1.0 : Entire semester was full of group projects. He seems to be on drugs or atleast a high dose of caffeine. Felt like he took off points just to take them off and didn't really want anyone getting a perfect 100. Don't expect to stay for the entire three hours, as you can leave as soon as you finish the group lab. He doesn't teach anything, just assigns
1.0 : AVOID CLASS WITH THIS MAN. He does not teach, partially because he cannot teach. He might know the material, but he cannot present it in a way that is helpful to students. If you ask him a question, he brushes you off or makes another student answer it even if they are not sure themselves. Unless you already know about the subject, do not take him.
1.0 : the most annoying professor you can possibly take. He is actually kind of rude and careless. Just rambles on and at times makes loud noises. avoid.
1.0 : Never ever choose this course of this teacher.
1.0 : He gives out pop quizzes and randomly collects in class assignments so if you miss one class, the highest grade you can get drops 10%. He doesn't curve his quizzes or test. He doesn't give out extra credit. So many formulas to remember and too much material to learn for quizzes. He goes off topic during lectures. Hard to understand. DO NOT TAKE!!!
1.0 : Don't take this professor if you are willing to learn something. He will literally make you hate BUS after 2 lectures, he does not care to know if you understand the material and gets annoyed when you ask questions. Stay away from his class please, cause you will fail.
2.5 : Overall, Professor Lee is not that bad. Although his lectures are boring and not clear, he himself is a kind man. He said he'll give pop quizzes, but actually he'll announce the quiz one or two classes advance. There are only a few questions in a quiz or text, so if you got one question wrong, you may lose up to 1 point in your total grade.
1.0 : Awful professor. Please do not take him. very sarcastic and tough grader. Never discusses problems in class. and gets angry when asked questions.
1.0 : Hard to understand and super strict. Made me feel stupid for asking questions. STAY far away from this teacher. He's waited a week to post the grades after the final and still hasn't posted them yet. DO NOT RECOMMEND.
1.0 : Before I begin talking bad about him I want it to be known that I did put in a lot of effort to this course on my own time because I really wanted an A.  However, this professor is certified horrible. He may know the subject but he cannot explain it if his life depends on it. And it seems like he doesnt care if his students dont get it. Avoid him!
1.0 : All of his lectures were confusing and I never left feeling like I learned anything. He was not very helpful and he makes you feel like you are annoying him if you ask a question. Class was extremely difficult, I barely passed.
1.0 : He does not explain the material very will. He made fun of students and if you ask a question he really can't answer in a way that you understand. Not helpful at all and his assistant always busy to help us. I don't recommend him at all.
2.0 : Makes this course harder than it is supposed to be. She is not clear at all and that's not her fault either. Her grading is tough and there is no room for error in her class.
1.0 : Very hard grader and hard to understand. She gives a lot of homework and writing assignments that take up most of your schedule. Very hard class
2.0 : Everyone really tried to pass the class but it was harder than it was supposed to be. I would have dropped it if it wasn't a required course. Learned very little. She does try though !!
3.0 : She is  a nice person,  and she would help you on the exams if you asked her about the right answer. Her exams were a bit tough tho because she actually didn't lecture at all until the last 2-3 lectures. I think if she did the class would be an easy A :(
1.0 : Do not take!
1.0 : She used to lecture the whole class but after a month she gave up on and uses class time to split us up into groups so we can read the textbook ourselves while she sits at her desk up, front twiddling her thumbs. U would think that since she doesnt teach that u could skip class, but u cant bc she takes attendance and uses it as part of your grade.
1.0 : She is very confusing to understand as she tend to scramble her words. She also seem to contradicts a lot with the textbook making it confusing to to know what to believe. Her Power Points are basically copy and paste and  really wordy. She doesn't really seem to be organized with her grading  as the only thing we have in our grades is our tests.
1.0 : Most confusing teacher period. You can't tell what she is saying.  You have one group project without any instructions at all. She doesn't teach she basically expects students everything.  I can understand that I must work for my grade but this lady is too much
1.0 : I'm literally 3 weeks into the class and all we do is read the book. We split up into groups, we answer her questions with the book, and we lecture the rest of the class while she sits there with her thumb up her ass. She's terribly confusing and contradicting herself ALL the time. None of her requirements are clear.. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS!
5.0 : Dr. Hashi is amazing despite what others says. On the final exam, I stayed really late and she offered a lot of clarifications on what the question was trying to say. She is indeed very helpful and teaches valuable lessons such as how to feed your baby for the first six months correctly and really knows her subject a lot. Take her if you can!
1.0 : Worst professor known to man kind. I got an A but my god she's so disorganized and disconnected from the class. She forgets her own syllabus and her class doesn't have any structure, she just wings it and sees whatever she feels like doing on that day. Honestly only thing I've learned is from the PowerPoint which she reads verbatim in her "lecture"
1.0 : Quizzes are impossible. Exams are hard. Even if you study the entire textbook and his stupid ppt slides you still won't get anything going on in class. The first time you see a new problem it's on a quiz and you basically have to figure out how to do it then and there. Worst prof I've ever had. Worst prof in the entire CHHS department.
1.0 : GMU really needs to look at the way this guy goes about conducting a lecture. Absolutely terrible.
1.5 : By far the worst professor I have ever had. I am a hard worker, who attends class, and participates, but this was out of my control. You learn new material every class, without going over the old material. Expect a quiz or assignment due at every class. I hired a tutor and barely passed with a C. Get him out of Mason.
1.0 : HORRIBLE. The worst. Do yourself a HUGE favor and stay away.
1.0 : Professor Fabsitz is one of the worst professors I have ever had. When asking for help, he will ignore or belittle your comments. Tests and assignments are riddled with errors and students are expected to pick up on that. Lectures and the book will not help you. He often becomes confused during his own lectures and dances around questions.
1.0 : Besides the guest speakers, not a good class. You have to do a group case study and a large paper, both of which come with extremely vague instructions in the syllabus. He won't clarify anything for you beyond the short amount of feedback he gives you on your proposals. If you are already up on international events, don't take this class.
2.0 : Avoid if at all possible. Does not show respect for his students at all, basically treats them like high schoolers. If you're late, he interrupts class to embarrass you. Will openly mock and make fun of students, and not in a fun way.  We wrote 5 papers, didn't receive feedback on a SINGLE ONE. A useless class made even worse by this professor.
2.0 : Good person/Bad professor. Lectures are nothing but her common sense and life stories (fun but not worth tuition price)(all talking/no power point). Textbook is common sense. Two 45  minute group presentations are required and take bulk of grade. Instructions are confusing. Says she never gives 100's because they are naturally impossible.
2.0 : There is a 5 question quiz every class based off a huge amount of reading. Lack of direction, conflicting handouts, no powerpoint, doesn't respond to emails, unclear laptop policy, doesn't lecture on chapter, two 45 min presentations, and is very opinionated.
1.0 : Doesn't matter how much you try and how many hours and days you put in a one credit chemistry lab, it is never enough for him. I have put days in each of the lab reports to make them perfect, and after all that I just receive bad grades in return. He grades very hard.
1.0 : This guy doesn't care about your grades. His quizzes has also became very long as the semester progressed. I thought that he was nice, but I was wrong! I have put more time and effort in this class then the lecture itself.
1.0 : She always had a substitute( i didn't realize we even did that in college) or cancelled class, yet we were expected to self teach and turn in assignment and be tested on this material. She would lecture and it was obviously her first time looking at these powerpoints. She literally had no clue what was going on.  Just take it online or anyone else.
1.0 : I'm gong to retake this class; because she don't have any feelings about student at all. Even I worked really hard on this class; she is never going to reply your email and she has ego for being professor. Do not take with her, she is fine on explaining material but not excellent. Don't take with her.
1.0 : she is not accessible outside class , she doesnt reply the email. she doesnt help you, if you dont understand the material , you are on your own. she would say its for you to figure out. it took her 3 weeks to grade the midterm. worst professor . do not take her
1.0 : Avoid her she is the worst professor in Mason.
1.0 : She isn't a good professor and she isn't helpfully at all. She wouldn't respond your email timely manner. Simple one of the worst professor I have ever had. Please take class with othe professor. She shouldn't teach this course in my opinion.
1.0 : It took her three weeks to grade our mid term. She doesn't care about students. Don't take this professor please. She doesn't understand the her students. She is the worst professor I have ever had in Mason.
1.0 : If you wan to learn and pass Java, please sign with other professor. This professor isn't friendly and helpful. I pretty much taught my self to pass 106. If yo have good background in Java, you can take this professor. If you want to learn, find another professor.
1.0 : Worst professor ever. Take another professor for 106 if you have the chance
1.0 : Avoid her
5.0 : One of the best professor. 106 itself is a hard class, but if you pay attention in class and WORK  HARD you will be fine. She is always ready to help out with the problems you have  I highly recommend her for 106.
5.0 : she was an absolutely fine professor I actually learned a lot and she taught the material very well I got a B in the class. 2 quizzes a midterm and final. highly recommend.
4.0 : The class is very lecture heavy; he scares you with saying you have tough quizzes when they're actually really easy. He doesn't clarify what he wants in the papers or group projects, so you really have to use your own perspective. There is no textbook, and he doesn't post any powerpoints so you do have to show up to class and take notes.
1.0 : You will not do well in this class even if you study. No books, no slides. Vague instructions. Assigns three presentations during which he cuts you off and asks you tough questions. No proper format of the presentation, does not explain what he is looking for.  1 paper (few pages long) , no explanation of format. Grades harshly. 3 pop quizzes.
1.0 : AVOID AVOID AVOID. LIKE AVOID AVOID. Worst professor in the history of professors. He is so unclear about what he wants and then gives such tough feedback. If you do not attend, you will not pass.
1.0 : very slow responder, no common sense, she is good as administrator--- no professor!!
1.0 : Not helpful in any way. It was one of the most confusing courses at Mason. He doesn't break down the material for students to understand. Don't waste your time going to lecture or office hours, leaves you more confused than before. Seems like it's his first time teaching!! If you work during the day and like your good GPA. DONT TAKE HIM
2.0 : Not clear what her expectations are. She never gives feedback on ANYTHING you submit and she's late EVERY class. She doesn't respect the time of the students and she's very disorganized. Promises feedback the next time we meet, but then has a new excuse every time. Would've rather had the other professor. Do not recommend taking her for HAP 465
2.0 : She is pleasant and friendly. Unfortunately as a professor she is not the greatest. Class consist of 2 papers, 5 homework assignment, group project, attendance/participation. She does not respond to emails, nor will she give you feedback on your assignments. Her requirements are unclear and she was frequently late to class.
1.0 : She is nice as a person but as a professor, she is very unprofessional. The semester is almost over and she has not handed back one thing with a grade on it. She gives papers backs with checks, check plus, or check minuses.  She is very late with grades and getting back to emails. As a senior, I need to know where i stand in the class.
1.0 : Goes on a check +/- scale like we in elementary school. Class starts at 4:30, she usually shows up at 5:30. Have to give her everything hard copy, otherwise she'll claim she lost your paper/never got it in her email. LATE with grading, it's been 4 weeks since we've handed in our final paper and we haven't received a grade. Would not recommend her.
1.0 : Was not that great of a director. Ignored concerns from the students. Can subliminally insult you without caring. Prefers favorites. Lectures were boring.
1.0 : Read off of powerpoints he only posted after the class (if he remembered). Often explained expectations after the assignment was due. Comes from the industry.
1.0 : Unorganized.  Unclear grading criteria.  Stands and lectures the entire class.  While he obviously is not a teacher, he knows a lot about the Industry and will attempt to share his knowledge of the real world with you.
1.0 : He comes from the industry  and doesn't really know how to teach passionately. I would not take him again. Does not give partial credit on short answer test question which really kills your grade, his multiple choice question are not specific and clear. Mainly follows the power points.  He does have decent funny stories from his past.
1.0 : Told everyone at the beginning of the semseter that he would shut and lock the door 15 min after class started, never enforced rule. Said there was a total of three classes you could miss without failing, let a student who missed almost half the classes copy my work so he wouldn't fail.
1.0 : worst lab instructor I've ever had. He is so disorganized. I should get half of my tuition money back for wasting my time on these professors that so not know how to teach.
1.0 : Avoid at all costs. His grading is completely arbitrary: points taken for no reason, won't/can't explain why, doesn't take points when he says he will etc. Asking questions just leaves you more confused than before you asked. Yells (yes, YELLS) at students for things he has said they could do if his boss happens to walk in. Worst "instructor" ever.
1.0 : If you want a relatively challenging course with the opportunity to work hard AND get good grades... you can forget it if you stick with this instructor. He's a second-year phd student in chemistry at gmu and is a COMPLETE IDIOT. This guy does not know how to teach, talk to students, explain things, or speak proper English at least 80% of the time.
1.0 : DONE TAKE HIM! Probably the worst professor in George Mason. He is actually a Phd student, so he's new and honestly doesn't know what he's doing. You're on your own in this class, and if you're late by one minute.....!!!
2.0 : horrible professor! Inefficient, messy, unclear, and repetitive. Wastes time by repeating stupid things and going over easy materials when everyone is expecting him to go over the important lab procedures and expectations. DO NOT RECOMMEND!!
1.0 : Don't take this class if you can help it!!!!! That being said, if you are fine with teaching yourself things you've never learned before go ahead. He is not good at teaching about how to use equipment or do an experiment. You're on your own.
1.0 : He's terrible. He goes over useless material and won't focus on the important, more difficult procedures. He gets confused when asked a questions and in turn creates more confusion. His grading is not consistent and he has a gross superiority complex. He also screamed at me all class bc my lab messed up. I did not appreciate that. AVOID
5.0 : Super nice, cheerful, respectful of students, genuinely cares. I'd rather take a class with an instructor who is consistent and reliable than someone who tries to be popular with students. I feel like a lot of students just set themselves up for failure, blame the instructor, and expect the grading curve to get them past Chem 211/213.
1.0 : Perhaps the worst instructor to ever (dis)grace George Mason University. Avoid like the Plague! Extremely self infatuated, arrogant, and rambles on about useless things like a broken record. When it comes to the stuff that matters, you're on your own. Suggestions, withdraw at once, and select someone else. This guy was never meant to teach.
1.0 : The worst chem lab professor at Mason hands down. He expects you to remember every sentence he has uttered since the first day off class, and then gets mad for not remembering. We had a girl drop because he made her cry in front of the entire class. Disrespectful, you teach yourself, unclear grading, and gets mad when you ask questions.
1.0 : He's confusing. He's vague and often doesn't even answer questions. He's not available in-person except for every other week, so all communication is through email. For projects, he will give 2 completely different examples, which only serves to make things more confusing. 10/10 would not recommend.
2.0 : This class is difficult however every single assignment can be found on Youtube. The teacher does not help much. It is mostly and online class and you have to teach yourself. Be aware, Midterm and Final exams are usually not from homeworks but from the "What do you know?" sections for each assignment. These are optional but you should do them.
3.0 : not bad, I took this class about a year ago.. if you focus on what he saying or power point slides, you could handle the exams or homework without any problems. I enjoyed this class :) you will see what I am saying
1.0 : Super boring!!!! Honestly, it's better to just study and read power points on your own, but he takes attendance so go to class. He's nice  but super boring and monotone.
1.0 : He reads off ppts and assigns weekly assignments on BB. The course is unorganized and he doesn't even know when the due dates are. He will say one thing and then BB will say another. He grades harshly. There's 2 short answer exams. Do the study guide since the exam questions come from there. There's 1 essay and group presentation.
1.0 : TA takes every point possible off on the hw assignments. VERY confusing class! Grading is NOT clear at all! 2 free response type exams. Your answers must be very specific  on the exams for each question otherwise you don't get full credit. DO NOT TAKE HIM!
1.0 : While I do like Professor Adams as a person, she is a terrible professor. The class was supposed to start at 4:30 and end at 7:10, but she would show up past 5:30 and try to cover the entire lecture in the shortened time. She is a hard grader for someone who doesn't teach and I would not ever recommend taking her.
2.0 : IT102 can be a manageable class, but Prof. Hariharan makes it hard to keep up. She's nice and respectful, but seems unorganized, and is slow/unclear in her instruction; her format conflicts with the textbook materials, making concepts harder to understand.
1.0 : Expects everyone to come to lectures with perfect understanding of material, and tries to "review" instead of lecture the material. People don't understand the examples so she just lets you try to figure it out yourself instead.
3.0 : If you put in a decent amount of effort, you will pass the class. The first part of the semester is pretty difficult but it gets easier. There's homework every week which is graded by the TA and was way harder than the quizzes, imo. She's not the best lecturer but she hosts review sessions before every quiz &amp; exam which are very helpful.
1.0 : I usually get As. New teacher cannot teach, terrible. I dropped the class because he does not teach or knows how. Don't do it. He should be fired.
1.0 : Extremely harsh when grading. If your paper isn't near picture perfect don't expect a good grade. Focuses most lectures on learning a program instead of learning the material. This makes it difficult to take tests and quizzes and pass them. Attendance is not negotiable you have to show up in order to earn credit. Do not take him, he is not helpful.
2.0 : Lectures are consists of him reading off powerpoints, and doing the practice problems. Makes you use a program which calculates formulas for you on homework, and projects. But, he does not allow you to use the program during tests. That means you get no practice doing problems by hand. Class test scores average, 60-70% range.
1.0 : If you come to STAT 344 with no background of statistics, AVOID AT ALL COST. As the semester progresses, his online notes begin to turn into small summaries that are not useful when studying. The textbook in general is not helpful, and the homework given is very tedious. Just take it in the summer honestly...I know I probably will have to.
1.0 : Brett wasn't a very good professor. His tests were really challenging, and his grading is harsh. He gave no partial credit on the final exam, and for that, I have to retake the class. He is also very rude when you ask questions because he assumes you should already know the answer. 10/10 would not recommend taking stats with him if you can avoid it
3.0 : Some backgrnd in stat but this class most things were new to me. 6 hw w graded,ungraded parts which help ur grade. exams open calc,notes reflect examples he does in class. GO TO CLASS to understand them and STUDY,write notes to ur understanding. Little lenient on grading, gives curves and partial credit. Final was hw probs n his examples.
5.0 : He does take the time to explain concepts well. His notes are easy to study off of, and you have to look through his example problems when studying for exams. They are mostly similar. Exams are open notes open book so I don't see what the fuss is about. Stats is not an easy subject so don't expect an easy A.
1.0 : I had to take this course as part of my major. His teaching is absolutely abysmal. His lack of apathy for his teaching and students (and most likely his life, he always seems down) is grossly apparent. He cannot teach concepts. He suspects you understand the material before you arrive. His tests are hard and unruly. He goes WAY too fast. AVOID.
5.0 : Professor Hunter's online class was well organized and his notes were clear. 30% of your grade is based on homework, which is fairly easy after completing the lab assignments (based on completion). There is a discussion board that is used to ask questions (also part of participation grade). Textbooks are available through the Mason library.
1.0 : All he does is repeat exactly what is in the book. He does not teach very well or give reviews for tests. Everything is book based (what's worse is that the book does not help at all). He curves exams.
1.0 : It seems like Prof Hunter is really new to teaching. I got an F on the first exam (most of the class did and he curved it) and then an A on the second one. I think he is still trying to figure out his teaching style, how to write tests, etc. Save yourself some unneeded anxiety and find someone else who already knows how to teach the material.
1.0 : This is truly one of the worst professors I've had. I've attended all but two lectures and he speaks right off the power point and if you are confused most of the time he makes it worse and you don't understand what he's even saying. We use a program in class and on homework and quizzes but on exams we don't have the program.
3.0 : Dr. Hunter isn't that bad of a guy, but the way he taught the class would not fit my style of learning. He just read from the slides and continually asked if we have questions over and over again. The semester was comprised of a couple of quizzes and data analysis assignments, as well as 2 exams and a final. Not too hard as long as you try.
4.0 : I thought he was a fantastic teacher. He writes notes live in class and does a lot of examples. Concepts are introduced well and there is a very natural progression of material. Do the homework and study examples for the exams, which are open note. Go to the lecture, do the work, and you will do well.
3.0 : Dr. Hunter is a professor who knows so much about the topic for his own good. Teaching such a basic class seems under stimulating to him. He answers questions well and will help you understand on a basic level, but most of my learning came from figuring it all out on quizzes.
1.0 : He is by far one of the worst teachers/professors I have ever had the displeasure of knowing. He reads straight off the powerpoints created by Pearson, and also forces us to use Pearson's statistics software on quizzes/homework/and basically everything; however, for exams we cannot use it. Avoid taking this class with him, trust me.
4.0 : STAT 250 with him wasn't all that bad. It's a pretty average amount of work, maybe 90 minutes a week. My biggest beef with this class was that he makes you learn about a program that you can't use on the exams and really doesn't matter.
1.0 : he doesn't care, he doesn't teach the material very well. he doesn't know how to help students understand the core concept of stat. The exams weren't that bad, but since he didn't teach the material I barely passed the tests. You could possibly pass his class but if stat is core to your major don't take him at all YOU won't learn a thing.
1.0 : He seems like a very nice guy but his way of teaching just didn't work for me. He reads straight off the powerpoints, and we spend a lot of time learning how to use a system that we can't use for tests. He isn't particularly engaging and the class itself is very dull. Statistics is not a fun subject. Brett somehow makes it even worse.
1.0 : Brett is not a good teacher. He spends more time writing his notes on a piece of paper and project it on the wall then explaining how to use the learned concepts. His exams are open note, open internet. But don't be fooled, I studied and used all resources and still failed his class. And so did half the people in the class. I had A+, A, A- and a D.
2.0 : He has a VERY thick Hispanic accent, it takes awhile to get used to it. He is very monotone with his lectures, but is really hoping you understand it. He has a PPT for every class, but just taking notes from the PPT won't help you pass. There's also a quiz every week that is on the chapter discussed in the previous class, 3 questions worth 5 points
1.0 : All of his classes aren't that stimulating or educational
1.0 : most boring monotone professor ever! Extremely rude, for example we all did very bad on our short answer midterm exam and when a student asked for extra points, instead of saying no try to do better on the rest of the assignment he said, well the class average was higher than your grade  they had too be exact, specific short answer or no  points.
3.0 : Tests are short answer. Do the homework, its easy. Knows a lot about various topics, which make him interesting. If you want to know how one of his classes are,  search "Ferris Bueller - Teacher Scene" on YouTube. It will give you a good idea of what you are in for.
1.0 : Worst teacher ever. Tells us to for mid term explain like you would to someone that does not understand IT but then when you explain a technology he says you just need to list as many things as possible. Does not reply to emails. Is very vague on what he wants the answer to be.
1.0 : I took this class online and regret every single second of it. It is WAY TO MUCH work for a hundred level class especially for an arts elective!!  The assignments are not orginaized at all and she never responses to your emails. She NEVER grades anything so you wont know how your doing until the end!!1 Trust me, I am warning you!!
1.0 : Lectures were very confusing. They seemed to go in every direction all at once. Midterm group presentation (no exam). Final group presentation and exam, which is overcomplicated. He knows his stuff, he just doesn't know how to teach it. And don't get the textbook. He says we needed it, but we NEVER referenced it.
2.0 : Don't get the textbook, it's not worth it and never referenced. Two group projects and presentations. Boring lectures, he knows his stuff but doesn't know how to effectively teach it. Gave my group a C- for our project and literally couldn't explain what we'd done wrong... it's hard to improve and learn from your mistakes.
2.0 : The dude knows his stuff, but unfortunately does not know how to teach it effectively. If he just planned his course out better, then I would have actually learned something! But that class went in every direction and he threw out jargon that only people who work in hotels will know, and he really didn't explain it.
1.0 : She literally gives no valid feedback on quizzes.
2.0 : Boring, hard to pay attention to lectures and takes a ridiculous amount of points off for the smallest things. Homework can be tough, and sometimes pointless. She has a weird curve, you wont really have any idea what your grade is until the end. Show up to class because class activities are a big part of your grade.
2.0 : the main lecture is not that great, but make sure to attend the recitation session with her TA. you will understand more
1.0 : Tries to come across as one of those "cool/chill" professors but is extremely condescending. The class wasn't incredibly taxing but he's unclear in his requirements. Section was titled "America Fear" but while we covered many social issues we addressed next to no anthropological or historical context.  We were told to buy a book then never used it.
2.0 : Professor Shriver has long lectures, and he stuffs a lot of information into them. His exams are difficult, you have to make sure you're giving enough detail on the short answer questions or you won't get full credit. He says you won't have to remember dates, that's a lie. His book quizzes are pretty easy as long as you give plenty of detail.
1.0 : Professor Shriver is not a college professor, period. He makes a 200 level class an upper 400 course. His lectures are dense and told us we wouldn't need to know dates, yet had dates up to question on exams. He gives out take-home quizzes but if you aren't as detailed as he'd like, then you'd get a 70%. All this is coming from me (who got an A).
1.0 : Terrible do not take
1.0 : The class is mainly 3 exams with a group project and some quizzes. Shriver's weak point is his lecture. There's no powerpoint and he just talks for the 3 hour class and it's hard to tell what's personal add-ins and what's the actual curriculum. And he's not willing to curve or let you do extra work to get points back.
2.0 : She is not a good instructor. She would be lost in the middle of lecture. If you come to her for help on ANYTHING ACCOUNTING, she would be more lost than you are. She won't be teaching at Mason again but don't take her if she ever comes back. Exams were fair but you have to teach EVERYTHING yourself. She is a sweet lady but is so lost...
3.0 : Great Professor, but makes a lot of mistakes when she is writing on the board. Tests are hard. She is helpful if you want to meet with her.
1.0 : Seriously one of the most annoying classes I've taken at mason. Cartwright would stand in the middle of lecture and forget what she was doing or not know what she was doing. Very sad to see Mason hire faculty members who know very little about the material of the course. She does not curve even though her averages were 67% or below.
1.0 : Very busy &amp; does not have time to respond to students in a timely manner. She states that she does not check her emails regularly. This is a problem especially when it's a online class! Very curt, standoffish, and rude. Does not respect students. Will say one thing, and do the opposite. Does not teach anything nor participates. Do not recommend.
1.0 : You will not learn anything from this professor.  Homework was due before the topic was lectured on.  The concepts are nothing spectacular to master, but it takes a little instruction to grasp initially, which she doesn't provide.  YouTube is your friend if you end up in her class.  Weekly homework and quizzes, TIME INTENSIVE!!
1.0 : Horrible. Don't bother with this woman. If you are a masochist who just loves to torment yourself, then by all means take this class with her. You won't even do decent. A horrible grader. Wont even curve exam grades if the entire class fails to answer the same problem that is worth a major portion of the grade. Expects you to know everything.
1.0 : If you want to sleep quick, watch her math videos.
5.0 : Math 271 and 272 are tough courses. Joanna however is really great and makes sure you understand the material. In 271 it can be hard to grasp how her class works and it is much harder but sticking with her in 272 she is amazing and will go the extra mile for you! Come to class and do the homeworks from the book (there's never too much at a time).
1.0 : I took her online and it was arguably the worst course I've ever taken. She makes this subject a lot harder than it needs to be. The workload throughout the week was ridiculous to say the least and exams consisted of the most intricate problems only. It's like you were being set up to fail. Sometimes she gave wrong material to study too. AVOID HER!
1.0 : Had to drop this class from how ridiculously difficult it was.
2.0 : SO much homework and the homework is graded on correctness. She doesn't really teach you anything. She will have us go up to the board and work out problems, then just move on without explaining the correct way to do the problem. She is very specific on the method of doing the problem and will mark it wrong if it isn't her method of doing it. AVOID
1.0 : If you are reading this then it isn't too late.  Please heed this warning and find another teacher.  This whole class is self taught, she doesn't teach anything.  Expect hours and hours of homework a week from this class, plus hours of online lecture to watch.  You will not have any free time if you take this class.  This is the WORST teacher
2.0 : Very difficult course. She doesn't really teach and expects you to know everything prior to coming to class. Homework is graded based on accuracy. Probably the hardest class I've ever taken. If you take this class be prepared to be in office hours 24/7.
1.0 : AVOID. The workload was ridiculous and I spent hours every week only to fail. She made the tests unnecessarily hard and you had to label in sentence form each step. Did not care that I was failing and never offered help.
1.0 : DON'T TAKE HER! Basically you have to spend at least 3+ to do homework and quizzes online every week. And usually they are due on Saturdays on My Math Lab. There are a lot of homework in this class but it's only 15% of your overall grade. And she grades tests extremely hard- you have to explain each of your steps in sentences in the way she wanted.
1.0 : AVOID. She does' teach in class. The whole class is based on watching YouTube videos that she had recorded years ago. And for tests, you have to write her like a paragraph of explanation of your answer. Sometimes she doesn't grade on your steps but the accuracy of your answer. She had cancelled classes last min few times for her personal reasons.
1.0 : Took keyboard skills III with her during her first semester teaching: Terrible teacher. Fails to explain things to her students and proves altogether unhelpful in learning piano. A real stickler for attendance. Finds trouble spots in class and ignores them like it's not her job to teach the kids in her class.
1.0 : Long boring lectures. For homework he'd assign 3 50-75pg articles and expect you to discuss them in class. Really unclear on assignments; you must work with other students to find out about discussions boards on BB and when assignments are due. Doesn't explain assignments well, has unclear expectations, &amp; grades papers like we're PHD grads. Hard.
2.0 : Course work load is heavy since you dealing with network fundamentals and Cisco Networking Protocols and Routing.  Cisco Skills exams and Assessments are very detail, lots of on-line homework with NetACad.  Prof has the hardest grader I have seen thus far, no calculators for IP Subnetting.
1.0 : Avoid this professor.  Near 4.0 GPA absolutely rekt by em. Thanks, Professor P! If you enjoy long papers, pop quizzes, and monotonous lectures you may reconsider my recommendation. Take this class with someone else and spare yourself the pain of being powerpointed for hours.
2.0 : Prof. Guttman has had a very respectable career as a political journalist. However, his ability to teach is not as great. Political Journalism during election season should have been more interesting and informative. But very easy class and nice man. No tests or quizzes. Short 1-2 page paper each week. Not clear on grading.
1.0 : She's never taught before and it's obvious that she has no idea what she's doing. She reads slides but can't really explain them. She asked the class if they understood and when student's verbally answered no, she just said no? and continued with her slides. She assigns an insane amount of homework on content she never actually taught. Run away!
1.0 : She seems to struggle a little presenting materials in English. It is very difficult to understand her lectures, and students would have to resort to self-taught to understand anything. She does not respond well to questions and will not confirm with students if her explanation is well-understood. Assignments vary wildly in levels of difficulty.
1.0 : Awful. She moves through the course material very rapidly and does not do a good job of explaining. Homework heavy, the assignments are often poorly explained. She will have to clarify the assignment a few times. Very tough grader. If you take this class, go with the assumption you will be teaching yourself the content and material.
1.0 : This has got to be the worst professor I have ever had!!! He doesn't teach. He makes us read the textbook on 2 or 3 chapters, then quizzes us, then teaches us what he just tested us on. He is so terrible!!!! He teaches at like a 300 level. If you take him, you won't like him so do yourself a favor and just don't take him, you will regret it. i
1.0 : He 1.) doesn't want to teach the class he's teaching, 2.) Doesn't care for what he does.  He blows through his lectures, if you want to take notes, forget about it. He does post his slides on Blackboard. Be ready to become best friends with the textbook, and expect to leave class really early.  If you aren't good at learning on your own avoid him.
1.0 : He is the worst teacher ever. He is not doing his job seriously and does not help his students. Don't take him because he is awful.
1.0 : Really nice guy, but a horrible teacher. Not helpful.
1.0 : Does not walk around the classroom to help his students and he takes off points for stupid reasons. SAVE YOURSELF AND TAKE SOMEONE ELSE! There is a reason that he gets 1.0 overall rating.
4.0 : Definitely has high standards. But personally Id rather have to work for my grades.
3.0 : All lab classes have the same rules and he seems to be following it. He's a nice guy and he's an okay teacher. It would be much better if he can help us by explaining in more details and make sure all people understand what they are doing.
1.0 : Horrible. He does not explain thoroughly. Unlike other instructors, he doesn't even show step by steps how to do an experiment. Also, he doesn't answer questions clearly when asked and doesn't care if you are lost. He also grades unreasonably harshly. Do not take him because he is the worst lab teacher.
1.0 : Not at all
1.0 : Mr. Newborn is a nice man, but teaching is not his specialty. He is a graduate teaching assistant which it;s possible that he doesn't really know how to be efficient to students. He should at least try to be more specific when explaining how to do lab and answer questions to the extent of writing on the board if anyone doesn't understand.
3.0 : I HATE HIM!
1.0 : I never had any lab TA who's as horrible as this guy. Words cannot describe how much I hated him. GO TAKE SOMEONE ELSE!
1.0 : No matter how I tried, I couldn't get a single A on my lab report. As I checked his grading, every points I missed were something that weren't liable. Not only he grades so tough, but also he's not willing to help you. He's not interested in how people are doing at all. You can see that's the kind of the person he is as a lab TA.
1.0 : Not caring. Gives little constructive feedback. The worst of the worst. Please, fire this guy.
1.0 : There is no single positive thing I have to say about him. I don't know what others think, but he is a teacher who seems like he is not teaching professionally. Unlike other lab TA, he doesn't even show that he is trying to make sure everyone gets help. He just says, "You use the formula on the lab Manuel" without clarifying what it is.
1.0 : ABSOLUTELY DEPLORABLE! The class average was below 70% because he graded assignments unnecessarily tough. He's also lazy. Not only that. He does not teach, doesn't have clear grading criteria, takes off points for things that are not liable in grading rubrics, not willing to help, and DOESN'T CARE ABOUT ANY OF THE STUDENTS! WORST TEACHER EVER.
1.0 : Take someone else. He is lazy and he is not taking seriously about being a lab TA.
1.0 : Not good
5.0 : Mr Newborn was a great TA. He always answered my questions and I really improved my grade by going to office hours. He is a tough grader, but I learned a lot from his lab.
1.0 : Absolutely not recommend taking Aaron. He is not helpful at all when he goes through the lab in the beginning of the class and he just sits without watching your doing experiments. His office hours were also right before the class started and does not really help you even if you go there. He's a tough grader whom you can't understand what he wants.
5.0 : Aaron Newborn is the absolute best! He won't spoonfeed you the answers but he's there to help. Super cute too ;)
1.0 : Do not take this guy. I am saying this not because I am lazy and didn't do well. I got a B in his class, but I am telling you that he was the worst TA I ever had. I can easily tell by looking at his at his lack of motivation. He doesn't get prepared to lecture properly and grades reports very late compared with other instructors I had so far.
1.0 : Gives negative feedback. Not helpful
1.0 : Horrible professor. She doesn't know how to teach at all. She would be blank when asked a question, ignore the students or confuse us.
1.0 : This is only a one-credit class, but honestly she tries to make it similar to a 6-credit foreign language course. There is WAY too many papers, readings, and work for a simple 1-credit class. Would NOT recommend.
1.0 : She has no respect for students. She assigns HW on Thurs, due Sunday night, has no office hours nor responds to email in that time. Stole everything from the old professor including exams. She removes slides she doesn't think are important yet doesn't remove the info from the exam. Group project had vague grading criteria and groups are assigned.
1.0 : Started to feel bad for her because she was so lost. It was her first time teaching this course so she used everything from the old professor and did not know the material well enough so she could not relay it to the class. Close minded and did not want to listen to students. Exam and project had vague requirements so no one knew what to include.
1.0 : Dr. Jones is a very sweet professor and respects students, but she is just not good at teaching! She read straight from the powerpoints, making her lectures extremely boring, and she never emphasized the important material that was going to be covered in the exams.  This class was a complete waste of time and money. She was definitely not prepared.
2.0 : Dr. Jones is respectful and kind.  Frustration from her students comes from her grading.  She seems to want things done in a very specific manner which was not always clear and didn't allow for other interpretations.  This confused me about why I received some grades and how to improve.  She needs to post a rubric when each assignment is given.
5.0 : Given that this is her first time teaching, and that we had a old classroom with broken technology, I will say that she did try her best. Do the homework, show up to class, do the project, and study for the exams. Exam questions are conceptually harder than the homework, so a basic understanding won't get you an A but maybe a C or B.
2.0 : Disappointing to say the least. Grading is very subjective and not clear. She is very short and does not write constructive comments, just her opinion. This came off as unprofessional, since she did not follow the guidelines for grading. The exams are much harder than the homework, so you feel unprepared.
1.0 : Four grading criteria, midterm (20%), term paper (35%), final (35%), attendance (10%).  Often makes mistakes in lecture, correcting herself several times.  Low attendance despite grade penalty.  Unclear grading criteria, so objectivity is questionable.  Sensitive to attendance as a sign of respect.  Seems sensitive to perceived slight.
1.0 : The worst class in terms of not having clear grading and inconsistent teaching methods. Though she tries to curve he exam, in that way, she covers up her lack of grading methods. Even she uses 15 presentation materials for final exam despite of its lack resource confirmation. In other words, expect the worst in her final.
2.0 : This class is a great online class for an easy three credits.  You have weekly chapter assignments and blog assignments to answer every week and one big wedding planning project. However, take this class with a different teacher. Mrs. Stephenson, is an awful teacher. She does not respond on time or give clear directions. It is very unprofessional.
1.0 : This is one of those teachers that talks down to students and is really condescending. She also is an unreasonably tough grader that gives hard and weirdly worded quizzes. The labs aren't clear and she embarrasses you went you don't know how to follow the unclear labs.
2.0 : Carrisa is a great Lab instructor, but the subject itself is very hard. The final is very tough because the class average is around 50%. Take her if you never skip class and want to learn!
1.0 : Henderson is very disrespectful to students. When students ask a relevant question he would respond rude and angry. While the syllabus was 40 pages, there was not much in the way of information included. Professor would contradict himself and the syllabus. No feedback is given on homework. Only one grade was returned in a reasonable amount of time.
2.0 : There is a total of nine briefs due throughout the semester. All together they make up 20 percent of your grade. She also gives three quizzes that are 30 percent of your grade. They are pretty hard. If you think you can get through her class without reading, you are highly mistaken. I would not reccomend her.
1.0 : Terrible experience. She's not accessible outside of class at all. Grades EXTREMELY tough. Do not take her, spare your GPA. No matter how hard you work on the paper or class assignments she'll find something wrong with it and fail you. She is very scatter brained and unorganized but has little to no understanding of student's issues.
1.0 : This is the ABSOLUTE worst TA I have ever taken a class with. She is rude and does not care about the students at all. No matter how good you think you did on the paper you will still get a low grade. She even gives people a zero grade after writing a 3 paged paper. If you want to get an A in ecology I advise you to run for your life. DO NOT TAKE!!
4.0 : Lenore has been super helpful as a TA and always ready to share her experiences and research interests. If you are willing to put in the work, you will get the grade and learn a lot. Make sure you read the rubric and send her papers to her ahead of time to receive feedback. She's really helpful and she will definitely improve your writing.
1.0 : He cannot explain concepts clearly and whatever is on the quizzes or tests do not reflect what he teaches in class. If you ask him a questions you end up even more confused. It sucks that he is the only professor at GMU teaching this class. Quizzes every Tuesday, one individual project, midterm and final. Lenient grader but makes class super hard.
4.0 : Prof. Feiden is a really sweet guy and he cares about his students learning the material. Economics is hard as is so if you're not comfortable with the subject, you are probably going to struggle. So get ready to really study. Yes, sometimes he can get confusing but because he is trying to explain things in other ways that can be understood.
1.0 : Worst Professor I have taken at George Mason. He does not explain the concepts, is really hard at grading. Only counts midterm and final as the grades. He does not care if you fail the class, he will just tell you to drop the course and will say you won't pass. Does not take attendance and will lie that you didn't attend. DO NOT TAKE HIM!!!
2.0 : He seems like a nice guy until you ask questions and he looks at you like your an idiot. Homework every week, not hard. Completely failed the midterm. Constantly writes on the board then erases it becuase he made a mistake or your always confused. 75% of the class is no way related to healthcare. Wouldn't take him again.
2.0 : Material is very confusing right off the bat. Expect to read long chapters in textbook, while completing long and tedious homework problems and quizzes. A near impossibility to focus solely on this class and do well, when taking a full load of other courses. I'm an IT major, and found myself focusing more on important IT courses, than this class.
1.0 : The homework program professor used didnt match his test at all. If you dont do well on the test you will not do well in the class at all so dont rely too much on doing all your work on time.
2.0 : The class has A LOT of homework that is really busy work at best. Most of the due dates come very quick. Two speeches and about 5 papers single spaced 2 pages long. Class isn't hard, it is just a lot of busy work. Teacher is nice, she definitely understands the classes pain  with all the work and tries her best to teach the information.
1.0 : I want to warn all future NUTR 295 students: do NOT take him. He goes missing for weeks at a time. I took him online and 50% of the time the weekly modules were activated days or even weeks late, so we didn't have enough time to do our work, projects, &amp; quizzes. He doesn't answer emails either. I am not exaggerating. Take ANYONE else.
1.0 : Of all the online classes I've taken at Mason, this one was the most unorganized. Weekly modules were not always uploaded on time, he takes forever to grade, he never replies emails, he messes up things like big assignments, and he wouldn't answer any of my questions about a project we had to do. The class itself was easy, just take anyone but him.
1.0 : Do NOT take this class. Enough said.
2.0 : Prof Dade is knowledgeable, but he struggles to get it across in a classroom setting. He's disorganized and takes weeks to grade through exams. He's nice and easily approachable, but that doesn't make up for the fact that you'll be struggling to learn the material, which would be fine if it was an easy A class but it's not, he grades harshly.
2.0 : the professor knows the subject but is not good at delivering it(reads straight from Ppts). whenever something comes up, he asks you to email him. Yet, he never answers emails. takes too long to give back grades and has a TA, who seems to do everything for him. It was a nightmare, so avoid him.
1.0 : Do not take! Does not know the material, always refers to things he didnt teach. Has no plan for his course and expectations are way too high! For the final instead of mult choice gave "open answer" test where you had to write how you apply the concepts that he never taught! I like parttime professors because they dont care but this  is just bad
1.0 : Rema is a terrible professor. Her expectations were definitely not clear in the syllabus. She is very repetitive, does not know the material (reads off slides and pronounces words incorrectly), is rude to students and her class is a joke. Expect unnecessary emails (a LOT of them...) and HW assignments in the email, instead of syllabus. Easy grader
2.0 : I took this class in the spring of 2017. This professor was pretty nice, although she sometimes came off as rude. She made you get up and present with your table group EVERY SINGLE CLASS. She emailed atleast 5 times a week. Hrr grading was super easy and the assignments were not hard at all. She was not very professional, but I believe shes new.
1.0 : Professor Marsh is by far the WORST professor I have ever met. She has zero enthusiasm, considers playing a video a lecture, and overall creates an environment that could run a kid right out of their chosen major. AVOID.
1.0 : Unclear grading criteria, group projects are rated on few things (Just submit a good report, doesn't matter how good or bad the code is ). You learn if you research on your own. Assignments are same available in course era. Practical performance doesn't matter, just good project report does. Individual contribution is ignored. Not recommended.
1.0 : No clear grading criteria. Not recommended. Individual efforts don't matter. Like an undergrad, just do what she asks.
2.0 : Professor has knowledge of the subject, but sometimes lack clarity. The course expects you to study on your own, skipping a lecture will not make any difference except that she grades on class participation.
4.0 : Nice professor, and great course, would take her again.
2.0 : Overall, an accessible prof. It's hard to understand him! TA is v'helpful. The labs didnt match up with the lecture, but ppl spoke up and he coordinated w the lecture professor. He lets you resubmit labs and the final is redoing one of the labs again. Be aware the equipment in the lab is faulty so ask for help if u need troubleshooting.
1.0 : This professor did not stick to her syllabus, some weeks class was held in person and others online but she did not follow the schedule she laid out. Students did not know if class was held until 3 hours before the class time each week.  She is impossible to reach by email so assignments were often done incorrectly since she did not offer help.
3.0 : This professor is really genuine and caring about her students. The only thing is that she can get bogged down in the content that she can sway away from the topic. Sometimes she can take a simple concept and make it very confusing. However, she is helpful if you're struggling and has a lot of resources for help. Other than that, she's pretty cool!
1.0 : Gives WAY to much homework! Too much to where if you try to get it all done on your own and on time, you may fall behind in your others classes and/or not have any time to actually study the material because you're too busy trying to get the homework done by the due date. She basically sets you up for failure. Avoid her at all cost.
1.0 : I like the professor, she is new to teaching. It is very hard to understand what and how to implement what she is trying to teach us. It is a very cool class, however, the professor needs more experience in teaching.
1.0 : Boring Lecturer, you are gonna have to fight to stay awake. Doesn't believe in multiple choice exams so get ready for that.
1.0 : Bad lectures. He rambles all class with bad slides. His tests are all free response with no multiple choices. The tests also covered a lot of stuff not discussed in class that's supposed to be read in the textbook. Oh and he lets you get whatever textbook you want, so that means no one has the same book.
1.0 : He does not believe in textbooks and will expect you to write all of your essays on primary sources such as maps and works of art of his choosing. Final exam consists of only essay answers and the classes are seminar based where the students lead the lecture. even if you the sources provided to you, he will deduct grades of essays written.
1.0 : Professor Whalin is by far the worst professor I've ever taken a class with. He doesn't believe in multiple choice tests, so all the exams are free response. All he does is ramble all class with a sloppy powerpoint with just pictures, and no one has the same textbook so it's impossible to learn. Do not take any class with him or you will fail.
1.0 : Worst teacher I have ever had in my life. Blantantly rude to students in and out of class, makes tests nearly impossible and had an alternative final that was extremely difficult as well. Would never recommend this teacher. Half the class dropped before the first test and a final 1/3 dropped after the first test.
1.0 : He clearly knows his stuff, but doesn't care enough to teach it in a way that students will understand. He lectures all class and reads off power points that are mainly pictures. Tests don't cover the material taught in class. He doesn't believe in multiple choice. Just terrible. DO NOT TAKE.
1.0 : THE worst teacher. Do not recommend ANYONE to take his class. His tests are extremely difficult for only a 100-level course. All he does is ramble on for 2+ hours and shows unnecessary pictures on a slideshow. He doesn't believe in multiple choice, so every test is short answer.
1.0 : Everything you read and is said about this professor is true. The quizzes, exams, and finals are horrible and its just a waste of time and energy trying to get a decent grade because it wont happen. First time writing a review because students must know! Stay away...
1.0 : He is a good man, but doesn't know how to teach this class. It 102 is really hard and the teacher has to explain materials well so you can do homework assignment. But unfortunately professor Shuman could explain the the chapter materials which leads to bad grading then fail class. Quizzes and tests are unbelievably hard &amp;. Even if you study it.
1.0 : Just reads off the powerpoint is not gonna help you understand the materials. If you don't understand in class, Then have to work the whole day to figure out the materials. After you figure out all the exercises, there will be different and tricky questions on the homework, quizzes and tests. Would not take him again ever and or recommend him.
1.0 : First off, this guy needs to be fired. Its 90% complex logic based mathematics, and 10% programming. Everything after chapter 1 makes no sense whatsoever, and the dude doesn't know how to teach. Tests are hard, and homework isn't related to what was taught in class. Class average is a 65-70, and one autistic kid who gets 100 percents on everything.
3.0 : He's an okay professor, but not the best though.
1.0 : Awful
1.0 : His lectures are not clear. He isn't very good at teaching and makes frequent mistakes. Expect to teach yourself to pass the course.
2.0 : She's nice&amp;extremely talented, but was a terrible teacher. Especially for an introductory course. If you miss 3 classes you're down a letter grade . Harsh grader&amp;critiqued good work from classmates as not good enough. Lectures were pretty boring&amp;made us stay the whole time, seemed like a waste. You will learn, but it will be a huge pain.
1.0 : Don't get me wrong, he isn't a bad guy. He is super smart, but he isn't great at teaching. He can be quite hard to understand most of the time which is why a lot of people in lecture don't listen to him at all. It's easier to just learn the material on your own through the textbook, homework assignments, and videos.
1.0 : He's very intelligent and very kind, however doesn't know how to teach outside of just the textbook. The class is not beneficial only more confusing.
1.0 : Ok, so the professor himself is super smart and knows a lot. But on the other hand, he is an awful teacher and quite frankly knows nothing on how to actually transmit information. He reads the whole textbook lecture in his class and nobody pays attention. Most people only show up to class because of the iClicker quizzes, also gives tons of homework
1.0 : He is intelligent but pretty much he put up the textbook on a powerpoint and reads it. He does not know how to teach or get his point across. His test averages are in the 50s% amd quiz averages around 55%. There are iClicker quizzes almost every single class. You have to read the whole book and teach yourself the material on your own.
1.0 : Hes a kind and very intelligent individual but absolutely can not teach. He gives a lot of homework that you really have to keep on top of, you arent given a schedule or warned about hw so you have to check blackboard everyday . Exam averages tend to be in the low to mid 50s. You have to teach yourself everything on your own.
1.0 : If you get him, you better start learning on your own. He is very nice, but clearly cannot teach. No one in class understand him, and his lecture is basically him talking to himself. iCliker quizzes every class and he doesn't give enough time to do them. His exams are hard and the avg is very low.
1.0 : Good guy, bad teacher. Isn't able to teach, even if he knows the material, and lost everyone quickly. People come in for only the quizzes to try and raise their grade. 75% of grades are dependent on 4 exams, including final. Doesn't consider dropping an exam. If you must take the class, teach yourself and check for homework everyday. GL :/
1.0 : Smirnov is probably a very smart man but sadly he is a terrible teacher. He lacks control over the class and cannot teach outside of the powerpoint slides provided by the textbook. He has iClicker quizzes almost every class but has a 40 second time limit per each problem (even if it's a math problem). Don't take this class with him.
1.0 : He is a really nice guy but he honestly cannot teach. If you aren't naturally good at Chem, I recommend not taking his class. The class talks over him and he doesn't control it. The only reason people come to class is because of the iClicker quizzes that don't help with anything. The TA's review sessions are the only good thing about the class.
1.0 : He is super nice; however, his lectures are very boring and you can barely understand anything from him. He gives quizzes frequently and does not give enough time to even read the question. The tests would be really easy if we actually learn anything from him.
1.0 : Like most people who have rated him; they're all accurate. He is a kind and generous man who is INCREDIBLY smart, he just has a very hard time to explain his process and thoughts to the class; I spent most of the time in class doing the homework he assigns, or reading and taking notes on the textbook on my own.
1.0 : He is a knowledgable professor, who is an expert in his field, but he cannot teach a lecture. His english is difficult to understand and his lectures are him just reading powerpoints. I just used the lectures as homework time and did the learning off YouTube or Khan Academy. He does not offer many study resources. No study guides. Don't take this
1.0 : Smirnov was a very good guy, and very smart, but he could not teach a good lecture at all. His tests were extremely difficult and often had averages in the 40s-50s. He gives pop quizzes each class on iClicker and didn't even give enough time on 90% of them to read the question. Spent the semester using class for his HW and learning from Youtube...
1.0 : Often doesn't give specific directions for papers, will just tell you to look at the textbook and figure it out. Tough grader but sticks to the rubrics outlined in the textbook.
1.0 : COMM 100 should have been one of the easiest class. This guy makes it a lot harder. He is extremely technical when it comes to grading. He is fine with other things. But, when it comes to grading major speeches, which consists of the majority points. He will take points from here and there and will destroy your grade.
3.0 : I believe that all assignments are organized by the comm department. The online course seems to have more assignments to replace missing class time. There is a crazy workload for a level 100 class. However, do the work the weekend prior and stay on track then you'll be fine.
1.0 : The guy is nice, but he does not know how to teach a class very well. He stated in the beginning of the course that he was not really an engineer. So rather than focusing on teaching the fundamentals of engineering, he instead reads quotes that have nothing to do with engineering fundamentals.
5.0 : This man is a gem. Never stop teaching, James. You are a national treasure.
1.0 : He tried to teach but the organization of the class was not very good. If you take him, be ready to learn statics on your own and take a test on them.
1.0 : If you at all have the chance to get another professor for this course, then do it. I received A on my paper, A on my CAD project, an A on my final, yet ended up with a C+ in the course. How you may ask? Because this professors lectures are not clear, his grading is not clear, he doesn't even have the right email listed. Good Luck, you'll need it
1.0 : Came to mason expecting teachers to actually teach material. The Professor is a nice guy, but his teaching skills are subpar. Everything taught in class was just the surface of material, the actual homework was in depth knowledge that was never taught. Hours spent on homework trying to teach my self from a book full mistakes written by another Prof
2.0 : Does not show work when going over material. Just reads from the slides. Is willing to meet outside of class for extra help. Nice guy, but the lectures will not prepare you for hw or quizzes. Also, double check everything because he freuently makes grading errors. - 25+ points have been returned to me over 3 tests.
1.0 : Slides often fail at basic math and coding, lectures are often frustratingly vague, and students spend more time correcting his mistakes on the slides and on exams than actually learning. The book was printed with several major errors and we were offered gift cards for each error we found. He does readily correct grades when he is wrong.
1.0 : This is my second time taking the class, Professor Brown is a nice guy but his teaching skills are terrible. He reads off of the powerpoints, makes constant mistakes on the quizzes making students constantly having to correct him and the book is a must due to the class being more of a self-study.
1.0 : Most in the class are retaking this course for a second or a third time. It is stressful enough that they must pass with a B or higher in three retake attempts of the course, and Prof. Brown's teaching methods are unhelpful. He reads off of slides verbatim, class is over. Your textbook is your best friend so you can self-study. Class average is a C
1.0 : This man was my most irritating professor of this term. Not only was he incisive with his notes, he was never able to answer a question with a straight answer! People in the class would do their homework perfectly with no issue but when it came to his poorly made tests hardly anyone would get above a 60. I would never recommend this Professor
1.0 : Absolutely awful professor. All he does is write down on the board straight from the book. Gets mad when you ask questions about his work. Tests are nearly impossible compared to homework. Do whatever you can to not take his class.
1.0 : This professor was absolutely awful. His notes came straight from the book and would be easy to understand until it came time to take the exam. The exams were difficult to pass and he likes to include a lot of word problems in the exam. I wouldn't recommend taking this course with him if you are looking for an easy grade.
1.0 : DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS! Everyone says that 106 is "suppose" to be the easiest math class. It was the exact opposite for his class, in my life i havent had a teacher purely read from the textbook AND STILL BE WRONG, then get mad that students use the textbook. No one goes to class and everyone drops and he's a BAD prof. ps my class avg is 61
1.0 : I've been patient, but this guy still gets on my nerves. Teaches right out of the textbook as others have said. He will act confused if you don't understand the material. He doesn't reply to emails often and isn't flexible with students who can't attend lectures, even with prior notice. Don't take this class if you aren't skilled at math.
3.0 : All these reviews are true, but I honestly doubt that these reviewers even studied for this class. The tests were extremely hard, but he gave us a lot of extra credit points for those who stayed after the break because everyone leaves after the exam and doesn't care about his class at all. Why would u even make a bad review if u don't even show up?
1.0 : 1st, this class should not be given online, it is a difficult subject matter that requires face to face interaction. 2nd, it is very test heavy percentage wise, if you don't pass the tests, good luck passing the class, even if you get 100 on everything else. 3rd, her quizzes are nothing like her tests, even though she claims they are the same...
1.0 : 7 projects, plus sketch book (drawing once a day) by the end of the semester at least 100 pages filled in sketch book. Mandatory attendance, even if you're sick. EX) classmate emailed prof- prof said okay and excused her- prof told student couldn't get an A because she missed class. There are more examples of why not to take but need more space.
1.0 : Was too strict with us for just being Painting 1. Attendance was mandatory which had a big effect on your final grade. If you were 15 minutes late twice it counted as a whole class absence.
2.0 : While I am sure Carlin is a sweet lady, as a professor she is not worth it. She does not appear to understand or care about how to present the material she is tasked with teaching us. Her class consists of group presentations and random online quizzes. Her class is a hoax, try another prof for what could be a wonderful and informative class.
2.0 : While I like Professor Barmada, she is a scattered teacher, always having to change the schedule on a whim. Classes are taught by us, the students, through presentations. She is not a bad teacher, just not well put-together.
1.0 : This professor seems like a nice lady. Her class, however, is an absolute disaster. She is not organized. She doesn't know how to use Blackboard. No clear directions for assignments whatsoever. Students teach the class through presentations. Assignments are not that hard but could be made easier if she explained what exactly she'd like us to do.
2.0 : She really means well but its just a headache. I was really looking forward to taking this class and I feel scammed. The lectures and group project lectures were usually boring and lot of us felt confused most of the course, and I feel like she was confused too. She is kind and I got a good grade but I didnt get a lot of out the material.
1.0 : Constantly changed homework deadlines. Was rude, disorganized, and spoke down to the class. Half the classes are research days which is cool. Some assignments were relevant but long, others were impossible to complete or irrelevant to the course. Dont take this class if you have a job, she expects you to go a lot of places outside of class.
3.0 : AVT 222 is very demanding for a beginners drawing course. Homework is time consuming, and waiting last minute to do those assignment is awful. She's pretty understanding, but my biggest complaint is that she doesn't show up to class a lot, but expects everyone to show up and check in on Blackboard. Don't show up 1 day? Grade will drop 5%.
1.0 : This professor is hands down the WORST thing to ever happen to GMU. His class is unstructured, he doesn't even teach. Our class met 3hr once a week and he taught on average 45min. Its been 12 weeks and we still don't have a syllabus, only one grade, no grading scale and have yet to learn anything. STAY AWAY!!!
1.0 : her lectures are extremely boring and difficult to follow. there are few papers and they are graded at a much higher level than a 100 level class should be. if you want an interesting but easy history class do not take her
2.0 : Shes one of those art profs thats passionate about art which isnt good if you dont share the same interest. Class is boring lectures, if you miss them good luck because she doesnt put any info into her PPs. Grade is based off 2 essays, 2 midterms, and a final and shes a tough grader an doesnt appreciate effort. Kinda rude, wouldnt retake.
1.0 : He barely speaks English, doesn't come to class and doesn't follow through with grading promises. Spoke to the dean about how awful he is. please don't waste your money like I did on him
