4.5 : Amazing lectures. Shoots straight with you. Salty language. Be ready to code your butt off. Do NOT procrastinate on the coding assignments, especially the ones where you code a game.
5.0 : I'm a grown ass man. I don't cry at all, and I haven't in years. Realizing I was done with Bill Leahy's class made me curl up into the fetal position and cry a river. 1010 one of if not the best teacher in the world.
5.0 : He is the BEST of the CS department. He is really fun if you sit up front. Pay attention. He is friendly. Don't be afraid to ask questions. I could listen to him talk all day. 3 time-labs(easy) and just one final. Start homework early!!! Seriously! Get as many A's in the beginning. Last few weeks will kill you. Final was decent. Demos are easy.
5.0 : Definitely one of the most hilarious professors at Georgia Tech along with Greco and Simpkins. Lecture was always entertaining since Leahy likes to add humor to them and the topics are actually really cool imo. Quizzes, timed labs, and the final are definitely fair if you understand the material. The only downside is that some of the homeworks were
1.5 : He is very popular among the student body because he is hip, relatable, and witty.Unfortunately, his lectures are very confusing and, in the case of 2110, assignments bare little resemblance to anything found in lecture. I taught myself wholly from the book. He is not a good teacher and the course is not a concise or good course.
5.0 : Really good explanations. Cares a lot about the students. Very open to additional help.
5.0 : Leahy is easily the best teacher I have ever taken, I learned more in his class than all my others combined! Take him if you have a choice, but be ready to put lots of time into his classes.
5.0 : Funny guy. Has great lectures and even better Facebook posts.
5.0 : I loved the way he expressed his knowledge and delivering way is so explanatory and provided the root knowledge. I had never seen that kind of interesting course.
4.0 : What made the class was the TAs. Professor Leahy taught the lecture and the main concepts on how to code in C (specifically for the Gameboy). TAs went over what Leahy taught and ran the labs. There were no tests, relatively easy quizzes (every other week), weekly graded labs, and weekly homework. Attending class  easy pass.
5.0 : Professor Leahy is a once in a lifetime experience at Georgia Tech! He is absolutely hilarious and a fantastic lecturer. There is a lot of homework and one exam which are a bit tricky but if you go to lecture and understand the material, they are very doable. Don't graduate Georgia Tech without taking a class from Professor Leahy.
4.0 : livens up computer science (which is hard to do). Grades are made up of quizzes (TA's review before) and homework
5.0 : AWESOME TEACHER!!!!
5.0 : Fantastic teacher that really cares about his students. The tests are easy if you go to his lectures, which are always interesting and fun. Three hours of studying and you'll ace every test
5.0 : Dr. Moore makes band a lot of fun, but be warned: college marching band isn't just football games. It's volleyball and basketball too. Football games will take almost your entire Saturday, and you will not go inside if it's raining. Marching band will take a lot of your time.
5.0 : He's a great teacher, really fun and friendly. Marching band is really relaxed, but be aware that it's a huge time commitment. Also, you might get called out by name (or at least by instrument) if you do something really weird in practice, but it's fine as long as you fix it. Band was my life last semester, I would really recommend it!
5.0 : Awesome guy. Very friendly. Like any other band director, will get mad during practice occasionally. More than willing to work out solutions with you if you can't make practice.  Bear in mind that marching band takes up a ton of time. Semiweekly football, plus basketball and volleyball. You're at Tech, so only do it if you really love it.
3.0 : For special topics Public Health. Very particular when it comes to presenting and grading. He wants things his way. He is not the most compassionate or gentle person, but he does provide help when asked and is good at lecturing. Very interesting class!
5.0 : Really funny guy, a warm, helpful professor who clearly loves what he does and wants nothing more than to make you understand the material. If you ever have the chance to take Uzer, you will not regret it.
5.0 : If you go to Georgia Tech, you HAVE to take a class with Uzer - you'd be missing out on so much otherwise!
5.0 : GOAT
4.5 : Professor made the subject material interesting and had awesome lectures.
5.0 : One of the best CS professors I've had. He's really enthusiastic about his lectures, and going to class is an enjoyable experience.
4.5 : He's a really clear lecturer. His tests aren't super easy, but they cover material that's expected and if you understand the homeworks you'll do fine. I used the textbook for the optional practice problems he sometimes assigned and it was really useful but by no means necessary.
5.0 : Literally best professor ever. Teaches so well and keeps students interested.
5.0 : Professor Stasko is a fantastic lecturer.  He explains things so they are easy to understand, and provides lots of examples.  He responds to questions very helpfully.  His lectures are interesting because he has quite the sense of humor.  The homeworks apply what is taught in class, and the tests are pretty straightforward. I would highly recommend
5.0 : Prof. Stasko knows how to engage the class and sometimes makes funny jokes. Only con I can think of is that it's sometimes very hard to see his handwriting especially in a terribly designed large lecture room and that HW isn't very challenging. He doesn't pull any tricks on tests, tests are very fair and matches the lecture contents very well.
5.0 : Tests can be challenging but very fair, covers exactly what he said he would. Attending lectures is essentially required because they are so good.
5.0 : Consume whatever stimulant you need to do so, but if you don't stay 100% focused during lecture you will feel the pain. If you can stay 100% focused, his amazing lectures guarantee your A in the class.
5.0 : Stasko was a true meme lord. His lectures were entertaining and you could really tell he cared about how his students were learning. He explained everything clearly and always made sure there were resources that students could look at if they had trouble. 10/10 professor!
5.0 : Stasko is very good at putting computer science concepts into understandable human language. Very clear at teaching and always hints at what will be on the test. His participation grade is from 4 ungraded pop quizzes so go to every lecture and you'll get an A. Textbook was helpful but unnecessary. Very straightforward class, very achievable A.
5.0 : Stasko is a great professor. He is super enthusiastic, and actually cares about his students. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Professor Stasko is amazing at explaining concepts and his lectures are really clear, informational and interesting. Tests are fair but slightly tricky and weekly homework is straightforward.
5.0 : I loved Professor Stasko's class. The lectures were really informative, and he did his best to make them fun. I just went to the lectures and did the homework to get an A in the class.  The book is not really necessary. It was helpful on occasion, but overall I didn't really use it that much.
3.0 : Lateness policy is ridiculous. He humiliates those that are even 5 min late for the rest of class and is completely unforgiving for any reason you may have for the tardiness. Grades tough without clearly telling you what he is looking for, there are no rubrics for the numerous case write-ups so you just have to hope that he'll like what you write
5.0 : NA
4.5 : Don't be tardy! He's smart, funny and oh-so-awkward. Definitely a great professor.
5.0 : Honestly the best professor I've had a Tufts. He made the class really interesting and showed examples in class that helped with the homework. He was very accessible by email to answer questions (even at 1am), and he would be willing to meet with us in his office whenever. love him!!!
5.0 : He's amazing. End of story. If you have the chance to take him, do. He truly cares about his students. My final project had several issues with it, but my partner &amp; I discussed them with him and showed him the issues we had already fixed &amp; ways we could possibly fix more if we had more time, and he gave us an A.
1.0 : Not very helpful, will not listen to any reason or bend any rules for you.
4.0 : Tests are tough, no way around that. You have to know your stuff. He doesn't give out sample/old tests. However, he does really care about his students, and his lectures are great. There are opportunities to earn almost a whole letter grade of extra credit, but he does not curve, even when most of the class failed a test.
5.0 : Very inspiring professor and he gives excellent lectures.. Tests can be tough but he is a fair grader
4.5 : Aweomse professor! Simply one of the best professors I have had at Tech. I took ME 2016 with him, and loved it. He is very clear in terms of material and in terms of what it takes to succeed. His lectures are a little long, but if you go to class and understand them, you will do fine. His HW can be a little long, but hey, its Tech.
4.5 : Professor Foster is really passionate about history and about appealing to the interests of his students. Lectures were extremely long and boring, but take detailed notes and do the readings (there are a lot). Also, do the extra credit assignments and he will be very generous with your grade. I got an 87 which he rounded to an A. Would take again.
4.5 : Best teacher in my last semester.
3.5 : This class is almost entirely based in the readings and the lectures. The only things that go towards your grade are the tests and the extra credit, so you HAVE to do the assigned reading if you want to pass. Foster offers 2 different versions of the test, a multiple choice version and a essay version, so pick whichever you're most comfortable with
4.5 : You can tell he really cares about the topics he teaches, which makes his class enjoyable even if the lectures are large. Attendance is mandatory (can miss 5 days), but that only serves to help you, and reading is a must if you want to pass the class, but if you put in a little effort, you should be very fine.
1.5 : Tons of reading, extremely boring lectures, recieved a 79.5 in the class and he wouldn't make it a B
5.0 : Professor Foster is a sweet and helpful guy. He assigns a lot of reading and makes his tests pretty hard, but he really works with you if you want extra help. When I took the class, he had a policy of dropping your lowest test as long as it was 10 points below your other tests. Also, take the essay format- much easier than the multiple choice.
5.0 : I'm in his summer class right now and am having an amazing time. In high school, I used to hate American History because I was bad at it and it wasn't interesting to me. Dr. Foster has completely changed that! I have always been excited to go to class and to listen to his lectures. He is so passionate for the subject and I admire that. Brilliant!
5.0 : Dr. Foster is a great professor! Lots of reading but very doable. If you read the material properly and understand it (DONT SKIM) then easy A. Tests are essay format and aren't bad at all. Attendance is mandatory with 5 absences being the max, but he is lenient if you have a valid excuse (sickness, etc.). 10/10 would recommend.
4.0 : Lots of reading. Also, lectures are pretty dry, but most of the material is covered in the reading anyway.
4.0 : His lectures are pretty boring but if you put in the effort to take notes, you'll have to study considerably less. He passes around an attendance sheet, so try to go to class. Also, if you keep up with the reading your life will be much easier. I took everyone's advice and opted for free response tests and did better than friends who took MC.
4.0 : Dr. Foster's class was an easy A if you do the readings. The readings, both the textbook and the other books he assigns, are very required in order to do well. Lecture is also crucial, and definitely take notes. If you read the books and go to class you're gonna get a high B or A on the tests. Final isn't cumulative. Would recommend.
5.0 : Absolutely loved his passion for the subject. It clearly permeated through to me, and hopefully other students as well. Workload is heavy; it includes lots of reading, but if you enjoy history it won't be a chore as the books he chooses are interesting on their own. His final project turned out to be my fav assignment in college so far!
4.5 : He's a great teacher. Interested in what he is teaching and getting students to understand. His lectures are wonderful. He focuses on the social and cultural aspects of history which I personally find more interesting. If you're taking the multiple choice tests, just read the textbooks really, really well. Even small, useless details.
5.0 : Very good teacher. Lectures are pertinent to the test. Take notes and do the readings and a light review is all thats needed before each test to get an A. He is very helpful and wants you to succeed. Didn't like history before his class
5.0 : Excellent professor! Has a passion for the subject and really cares about his students. Assigns a lot of reading so he may not be the best option for someone just looking to satisfy their history requirement. Definitely take the essay version rather than the multiple choice version of the test. It focuses on major ideas rather than minor details.
5.0 : I took his class since I'm in a studio-based major and didn't really want to take anything too rigorous. The class itself is pretty easy, and the professor genuinely wants you to succeed. Do the readings and go to class (though if you miss class you can email him for an audio recording of the lecture) and you'll do well.
5.0 : He's great at explaining things if you go to him. It's a tough class simply because the material is tough but if you stay on it, you can do it. His finals are the ACS, which has orgo I on it too. It's 6040 for orgo Iorgo II on the final. He curves the final too. But overall great teacher, wouldn't have wanted anyone else to teach me orgo II.
4.5 : Orgo is hard but Baron is very helpful. He comes an hour before class and stays an hour after to answer questions and help with the homework. The tests are very similar to his practice tests and homework. The textbook is fantastic and will help you greatly.
5.0 : Baron is a fantastic professor and he genuinely cares about you as a student so long as you show slight interest in the class. Orgo in general is difficult, but he does his VERY best to help you truly understand everything.
5.0 : He's sure to explain everything so that you can understand the material.  Does clickers every day, and there are five exams throughout the semester which are pretty easy assuming you've read the book.  Definitely would take again!
4.0 : No matter who you take orgo with, it's going to be a tough class.  That being said, Barron tries his best to make things understandable and I think he does a great job.   There's no homework, just suggested practice problems from the text which you WILL do if you want a good grade. Your grade is decided by your test scores and clicker questions.
5.0 : The best professor I've had yet at Georgia Tech. His teaching is perfect and his tests are reasonable. 10/10 would take again.
5.0 : Prof. Baron is outstanding. He is extremely clear, and genuinely cares about students' understanding of the material. He is incredibly helpful and by far one of the best professors I've ever had. Orgo II is not easy, but Baron makes it as pleasant as it can be. If you study hard, do lots of problems, and read the book, you should be fine.
5.0 : Bill Baron is a straight up legend! He's incredibly kind, caring, and available to his students. He hosts 2 weekly help sessions for students to ask homework questions. He's very clear and goes the extra mile to help his students. Would DEFINITELY recommend, I wish I could've taken him for both semesters of orgo.
1.5 : he can be a stubborn old man when he wants to, but he is funny, and he is a decent professor. he does not care much for his students, and trying to show up for office hours multiple times proved futile. I would not take another class with him, but i respect him, and his southafrican accent made things entertaining.
5.0 : As long as you pay attention in lecture and you do the homework, you'll do great. His lectures are very clear and easy to understand and he's funny which helped make it more interesting for an 8am. The only complaint is that he is hard to talk to outside of class, but he is a great lecturer.
5.0 : He was the best math teacher I've had. He was amazingly clear about the content, gave plenty of examples so that new topics were easily understood, provides practices tests that are 90% of the actual tests and he keeps you entertained throughout the class while still teaching effectively. If you have the opportunity to take his class, DO IT!!!
5.0 : His class was very enjoyable, because he taught the material in a very clear and concise manner, made it clear what was necessary to succeed in his class, and was funny throughout the lectures.
5.0 : Fantastic professor. Class was very enjoyable because of his lectures. Prepared us well for the tests with the combination of lecture and the homework.
5.0 : This man is a memelord. Be ready to hear "You're going to Georgia Tech" or "This isn't the Outer Okefenokee Swamp Community College for Wayward Boys and Girls." This class was an 8AM but he was funny and engaging enough to make that okay. I originally didnt watch any of the lectures, but when I did the class was substantially easier.
5.0 : Phenomenal professor! He delivers well-organized, coherent lectures with plenty of examples and just the right amount of theory, plus he's absolutely hysterical. His class is a lot of work, and his final exam is extremely difficult, but I feel like I know the material extremely well. He is a MUST HAVE for Calc II!!
5.0 : He taught the material well while managing to be funny at the same time. He was very clear about the material on the test, and the examples in class were representative of the types questions asked on the exams.
2.0 : Don't bother emailing him asking for help because his responses are not helpful and are often one word answers. Lectures can be disorganized and he speeds through the material so pay attention.
4.5 : This man is the bomb dot com. He is pretty clear and helpful. His reviews are nice. Go through Piazza if you have questions. His South African accent and stories kept the class pretty interesting. Expect to hear either "You're Georgia Tech students!" or "This isn't the Outer Okefenokee School for Wayward Boys and Girls" during every lecture.
5.0 : He was a great teacher and made the class very interesting with his sense of humor. The class material is very difficult and it is hard to catch up if you miss a class, though the pop quiz dates are usually pretty predictable. He gives a moderate amount of homework. He says he is making tests harder next year.
5.0 : Awesome professor that teaches the material very well. His tests are fair and if you do the homework you will be fine. However, his office hours are useless. He was more focused on the cricket match on the TV in his office than helping us (well he is from South Africa)
5.0 : This is a difficult class, but Professor Lubinsky manages to make it fun and engaging. Tests are straightforward if you do the homework and go over practice exams. Definitely try to take him if possible!
2.0 : He is an okay teacher, but his lectures were relatively confusing. The material is extremely hard to understand sometimes, and he isn't very helpful when questions are asked. Always compare your graded tests with friends because sometimes he takes off different point values for the same mistake.
5.0 : Amazing professor. His lectures are very informative and enjoyable - I only wish I had attended more of them.   Honestly, go to class, listen to this awesome professor. His analogies and stories are very high class, and if you do the assigned work too (yup, there's online homework), you will be fine.  After all, we are Georgia Tech students. :)
5.0 : Professor Lubinsky is one of the best professors I ever had. His lectures are very comprehensive and he is very thorough and helpful. I actually ended up learning a lot in his class and really enjoyed it as well. I would highly recommend him.
5.0 : Hilarious professor and great lecturer. Explains concepts clearly with sufficient practice problems. His typed notes are also a big help and very detailed.
5.0 : Took this as a distance class last semester. The guy is an amazing lecturer, and the class is fairly easy. Print out typed notes, follow along with lectures and study the night before tests and you'll get an A. He did say there would be a curve, but it ended up being something like a tenth of a point, so keep that in mind.
5.0 : Great professor, lectures are very helpful and interesting since Lubinsky is a pretty funny professor. Tests and homework are fair if you understand the material. The only downside is that every time I'd visit his office hours to ask him a question about an assignment it seemed like he was kind of annoyed that I was there.
3.0 : I found the course challenging.  He gets sidetracked often.
4.0 : Lubinksy is honestly pretty good. I definitely learned a lot in class. The tests were pretty difficult and long. When I was struggling to finish tests, I reached out to him for help, but found him to be very unhelpful. However class is kept engaging through his humor. Not a bad teacher, just really difficult.
5.0 : I took the class as a distance student, and Professor Lubinksy was really great! He jokes much about "Okeefenokee college" or something like that.. but he really teached the material well, and I felt well prepared for the tests! Just do the homework, and you will be fine..
5.0 : I took MATH 2552 online by watching Doron's lectures and he was great. His lectures are very helpful and he posts notes to each one on T-Square. Tests were not very hard. Just do the homework and you'll be fine.
4.5 : I took Dr. Marchenkov's adavanced physics lab II during the Spring 2006 and even as a theorist, I really appreciated experimental physics after this class.  Dr. Marchenkov is very helpful and very student friendly (especially compared to other profs in the same dept,).
4.5 : Really helpful and lectures are very clear.  Tests follow up on what was taught in homeworks, easy A
4.5 : Best professor I've had at Tech thus far. Definitely going to take another class of his if possible. Very straight-forward; 3 tests each worth 1/3 of grade (50% lecture material &amp; 50% textbook material). Textbook material is all from a study guide too. Lectures are actually interesting- he's pretty funny and actually cares about his students.
5.0 : Great guy - great professor. Makes class interesting and memorable. HIGHLY recommend. But don't skip out on class because he makes lectures worthwhile.
5.0 : Flamming is a great guy and terrific storyteller with history. Stays relatively on topic and you'll learn a lot. Tests are multiple choice, half on textbook half on lecture. Only hw is the textbook readings which are long but you can scan for the list of terms he gives you (and review them before test). Very easy test and then gave extra credit.
5.0 : Lectures are 50% of the tests while the textbook is the other. The lectures were amazing. I was never a fan of history but he made me actually want to go to lecture. He made everything clear cut and entertaining,  and you could see his enthusiasm for the class. The tests were very clear cut. I'd take this class again if I could.
4.5 : Extremely funny and actually made history enjoyable, which allowed me to learn a lot more. Tests were all multiple choice, with half on textbook terms on assigned reading, half on his lectures. Pretty easy, and definitely fun.
5.0 : Really passionate and caring professor. Tests are really easy.
5.0 : If you actually manage to slip into his class, you wont be dissapointed.
5.0 : Great Professor, fair exams,  interesting material.
5.0 : Dr. Flamming is a captivating and hilarious lecturer. I never really understood US history before taking his Post-Reconstruction American History overview, but now I feel like I have a comprehensive understanding of how America got to where it is today. The whole grade is based on 3 multiple choice, 50 question tests.
5.0 : Flamming is a passionate and funny professor. He makes lectures interesting and tells funny stories. If you show up to most lectures and pay some level of attention you will do fine. 3 tests, including 1 non cumulative final. 50 MC questions, half from book half from lecture. Study guide includes all terms from book so no need to read whole chapt
5.0 : Flamming is the best teacher I have ever had in my entire life. Enough Said
5.0 : Great Professor, gives great lectures and a lot of extra credit opportunities to help you do well. Only downside is that the class was only three tests, each a third of your grade, so you have to make sure you do well on them. Favorite professor at Tech so far though, you will do well in his class if you show up to lectures.
4.5 : Probably the best professor on campus.  Turned what many feel is a boring subject into something really interesting.  Only gives 3 exams so you do need to make sure you at least go through the book to get an A, but doing so should be easy.  You don't have to attend lectures to get an A, but you won't want to miss any of his lectures.
5.0 : He is an awesome professor who actually cares about his students, and he makes the class interesting and easy.  He's everything you would want in a professor
5.0 : Prof. Flamming is one of the best professors I've ever had. He is a fantastic storyteller and brings history to life in his lectures. I looked forward to going to his lectures every week. He is also very encouraging and believes in his students. His class is really easy, as your grade is just based on three easy MC tests, but you will learn alot.
5.0 : Prof. Flamming is a genuinely hilarious guy.  His lectures are long, but you can't learn anything from just looking at the posted slides. Tests are easy multiple choice, 50% lecture and 50% text. I just read the text and paid some attention in class and I got an A. The 1 project is mild research and 3 easy paragraphs.
5.0 : Easy A for American students who have always been studying this same history.  Otherwise, you'll still get an A because it's just memorize the terms.
4.5 : What a legend. The class is easy if you take textbook notes ahead of time. Be sure to attend lecture; the powerpoint slides are useless without his accompanying comments. 10/10 would smang
5.0 : Great teacher, really into the subject. Hilarious and an awesome guy. This class should be easy as long as you do it right. He gives a list of textbook study guide words and half of every test is only on those (so if you just read the textbook sections on these you should be fine). Other half of each test is on his lectures. 3 tests each 1/3 grade.
5.0 : Dr. Flamming is passionate about history, extremely knowledgeable, entertaining (you'll hear a few great stories), &amp; loves teaching us. He also believes in his students. Three exams are 50% lecture and 50% book (reading isn't that bad, and he gives a list of terms that are fair game). So if you missed APUSH credit, don't fret - this class is great!
5.0 : If you have to take history, definitely take it with Flamming! His lectures were always great and he told so many funny stories throughout the semester. There are only 3 tests but as long as you do the reading and go to each lecture, you'll be fine.
5.0 : 3 Tests, each 33% of your grade, each test is 50% lecture material and 50% textbook memorization. Textbook notes are easy, lecture notes are from his lectures obviously, and Prof. Flamming is hilarious and engaging so the lectures are worth going to. Amazing teacher for (likely) your last history class.
5.0 : After the series and sequences bit, the class was a cakewalk. all homework is on an online textbook thing, so that's why it is kinda important. never looked at the book itself unless I missed a class. Clear, easy, explains well.
5.0 : Awesome
5.0 : She seems to be the solid pick for Calc 2. If you are taking this class, then this is the teacher to take. All of her recitation worksheets are as difficult or harder than the tests/quizzes, so as long as you understand the material in class, then you're fine. She is also a nice person and has copious amounts of office hours.
4.5 : Took her for 1552. Really sweet lady and good prof. She cares about her students. I honestly got a C in her class (not a math person...) but I still enjoyed having her. She was pretty clear and a good lecturer. Also regarding textbook use: never used the textbook but used Math Lab all the time, considering all the hw is on there.
5.0 : The easiest A I've gotten at Tech (102%). If you took AP Calc BC or IB Math HL you are gonna have a really easy time with her. I never met someone that could explain math that well. Definitely take her. Her tests are similar to the practice exams. The final was really easy. I got over 100 with minimum studying. Take her over any professors.
5.0 : She gives tests and quizzes and curves at the end. Highly suggest her!
4.5 : Grodzinsky is one of the shimmering diamonds of Tech's math department. She's an amazing lecturer. She was more than willing to help me when I was struggling and brought to an A. She gives lots of great examples. Worksheets and quizzes really hit home concepts. If you can get a seat in her class, TAKE IT!!! Don't be tempted to skip LinAlg lecture..
5.0 : She's a great professor, probably the best you can get for integral calc here. Her lectures are great and she really does care about her students.
5.0 : She is probably the best professor I have had yet here at Tech. Lectures were super clear and she had great examples of everything. I never cracked open the book and got an A. It's not too difficult and that is nice.  If you don't get an A something is wrong.
5.0 : She truly is the best pick for a Calc 2 teacher at Georgia Tech. Everyone convinced me that I would fail Calc 2 at Tech because it's considered the hardest of the pre-req maths, but I ended with a high A in this class because of her. She really cares about her students and wants to help you. You have to put in the effort, but an A is possible.
4.5 : Grodzinsky was very enthusiastic professor. I did poorly on one test and that brought my average down, so make sure you dont screw up on one test cause there are only 3. She gave weekly quizzes on Fridays, which was very annoying, so I couldnt party on Thursday nights. Turn in HW on Fridays also so Thursday nights were busy.
5.0 : I got a 100.23 in the class. Her assignments are very similar to the tests, and she's very clear. She posts practice problems for the exams, and if you can do those, then you will be fine in the class.
4.0 : She is very nice and helpful. She wants you to learn... all it takes is going to class, taking notes, and doing the homework. Go to class and recitation because it counts towards your grade and helps you learn! There's quite a bit of homework, tests, and quizzes. She's one of the best math professors at tech, so definitely take her class!
5.0 : Professor Grodzinsky is really good at explaining concepts and working through problems in class. Far and away the best math teacher I've ever had. Weekly quizzes are difficult but if you can do well on those and on the worksheets, you'll be fine for the tests.
4.5 : She is seriously one of the nicest people ever. She's very lenient but most of the class is online and sometimes she doesn't explain topics very well. Other than that, everything was pretty easy.
5.0 : Klara is a solid calc teacher. She explains things well, but she requires your undivided attention. If you have taken Calc AB or BC and you didn't receive credit, then MATH 1551 will be a breeze. Go to her office hours if you don't understand and she will be glad to help.
5.0 : If you put the work in you will do well. Go to lecture and succeed
5.0 : Professor Grodzinsky is great. Her lectures are clear and are all accompanied by helpful powerpoints, which she then posts online. She provides comprehensive review sheets before all of her tests. I took her for Math 1552 and then again for 1553 - scheduling all of my other classes around hers!
2.0 : I took her in the late short summer session, and that was a mistake. I am not great at math, but I always make an A - except for this class. I was very fast paced. She is very vague about what is going to be on the tests/quizzes. There is a lot of homework to boost your grade. She does give partial credit. Her lectures are not helpful.
5.0 : Best math teacher ever. Explains math very clearly and with crazy good examples. Never had as good a math teacher. Tests very similar to in class exercises. She doesn't make her tests unrealistically harder than practise questions. Just amazing.
4.5 : She's always willing to help out and is very patient with you if you go to her with a problem. Attending lecture is mandatory and not going will cost you some points, but honestly with her explaining everything  you'll get a lot out of the lectures.
5.0 : great teacher, really cares about students, explains things well, doesn't leave anything out, many opportunities for good grade, easy quizzes and tests if you try or i you're just a huge nerd/really smart
5.0 : Provides additional recitations as well as office hours. Explanations are clear and, if not, she will take the time to continue explaining outside of class until you understand it.
5.0 : Klara is a gem. She's so enthusiastic about teaching math, and she really cares about her students. Her office hours are super helpful, and she'll really take the time to sit down and work on a problem 1 on 1. Always there to help. But don't miss class because there's a lot of material she has to cover so she moves fast.
5.0 : Klara is the embodiment of an ideal professor. She is unique at Tech in that she teaches by solving real hw and test problems rather than pointlessly outlining theory. She took her personal time to give me extra help when my grades started to slip. It's really hard to find a seat in her classes, so consider yourself extremely lucky if you nab one.
4.0 : Overall a great teacher. There are quizzes every single week which is pretty stressful and you have to really study for them because you only get 15 minutes and they are only 2 questions. Good teacher but content of the subject is difficult. Be ready to study and do lots of extra practice outside of class.
5.0 : Professor Grodzinsky is THE professor to take for Calc II. If you listen during lectures and go to recitation, you'll be more than ok. The worksheets in recitation are hard, but the tests are generally pretty easy. The only people I know who struggled in this class didn't show up to class. She has a lot of office hours, which are also helpful.
5.0 : By far the best teacher for 1552. She has extra review sessions before tests and extends/adjusts office hours where necessary. She also gives a lot of extra credit opportunities.
5.0 : Klara was a great professor. Her lectures were very engaging and she explained difficult concepts clearly. Participation in lectures and recitation counts toward your grade. It is a small percentage but it is definitely worth it to  show up and get the points. Office hours are very helpful as well and there is a bonus question on every test.
5.0 : She's a very sweet, caring professor. She's great at explaining concepts and makes sure to give a good number of practice examples. This class is a VERY manageable A if you do the review packets before each test (questions basically get pulled from this with the numbers changed). I highly recommend her!!
5.0 : Mrs. G is one of the best professors at this school. She is always so caring and able to contacted outside of class. Granted, she teaches one of the hardest lower level classes, Calc 2. However, she is truly a caring professor that is passionate about what she teaches.  It is inspiring to see a professor so passionate about their field. 10/10
5.0 : Grodzinsky is the type who would have baked all 200 of us cookies before the final if she had a big enough oven. She really wants her students to understand calculus and make a good grade- she's not trying to trick you. That being said, I still had to work to get an A. I studied like crazy, made average grades on the tests and an A on the final.
4.5 : Doc is great! He's really funny, and Glee was the best "class" I've ever had. Plus, you get graded on showing up and trying to sing. If you do that, you get an A.
5.0 : Hilarious, the best, especially when in Glee club because he acts like a college kid especially with his jokes.
5.0 : Amazing Professor. Though his classes are challenging, you will get a lot of things out of it
4.0 : Was a bit nervous at first, but he turned out to be a great teacher. Definitely try to understand the content, because the tests are very difficult.
5.0 : Awesomeness!
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. Always made sure everyone understood the material before moving on. Great at explaining very complex concepts. Just an overall nice guy.
4.5 : Dr. Lim is awesome, but challenging.  I'm sure 2020 is not the hardest class, but he made it pretty difficult.  His lectures are very clear, but his tests are hard.  He expects you to be able to expand on what you have learned to solve problems that you have definitely not been over.  Probably an effective challenge but a challenge nonetheless.
5.0 : Amazing professor.
4.0 : Make sure you understand EVERYTHING on his slides. He makes you work for your grade. It's that simple. You have to give it your best to pass this class. Getting a C will be harder than you think.
4.0 : Attendance doesnt count for much but the lectures are much more useful than just the slides. His lectures are entertaining and has the whole class laughing. I definitely enjoyed taking the class.
5.0 : The best 2020 professor available. Fantastic lecturer and knows every ounce of material. This is his only none graduate level class right now so if you have the opportunity take him.
5.0 : Fully explains every concept so that the subject matter becomes intuitive. The exams combine concepts or relate current material to old material.
3.5 : I really liked Dr. Lim. He is really good at explaining and he always had a positive attitude. That being said, do not expect an easy A or even B with him. The material for 2020 is not terribly challenging, but his exams are very difficult and they will not be what you will expect.  I understood the material but still made a C in his class.
4.5 : Lim is a good prof, who is easy to pass, but hard to get an A /B in. He curves down if grades are too high, but most tests will fall in the B/A range. You have to study a lot outside of class to keep up with other students, but Lim does a great job teaching. HW can be bad if you don't check with others, so form a study group. Better than Schimmell.
5.0 : Dr. Kingsley is one of the best professors I have had at Tech. He made me love political science through his super interactive lectures/simulations and he genuinely cares about his students. The tests are a little on the hard side but definitely doable with some studying. I wish he taught other classes because I would take all of them!
5.0 : Honestly, this class was more of a test of memorization than anything else. The course material is actually pretty interesting, and John Tone really cares about the subject matter and will try to make it interesting for you.
5.0 : tone can make any class interesting, class isn't mandatory, but tests are based off of lectures, I didn't read most of the books, but still managed to ace most test. tests were specific with dates and names memorization.
4.5 : Great teacher. Quizzes are based off of the readings, so obviously do them, but none were extremely difficult. Just a fun class in general with one of the best GaTech professors I've ever had.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've had at Tech! Makes history seem interesting, and really tries to emphasize what the people we learned about were like, as well as their achievements. Be sure to read, and show up to lecture, but if you pay attention (which you will, he's so engaging) you'll do just fine.
5.0 : I took his class in Oxford through the Oxford Program.  He is a really interesting guy and is a great professor.  The structure in Oxford may have been different than normal, but the quizzes were fair and the material was interesting and relevant to where we were in Europe.  He offered extra credit to go to science museums in London which was cool.
5.0 : Taught exactly what was on exams, clearly provided as many resources as were necessary to understand the material, if not much more than necessary, and always willing to help. He was very understanding when approached with difficulties and replied to emails very quickly. Generally a great professor. He expects attendance and not much else.
4.0 : I liked taking this course because the class is easy and the professor really cares about students. It was easy to contact the professor and TAs.
1.0 : He is not familiar with what he is talking about in the class. Trying to cancel the class as much as he can. The most stupid professor I have ever seen. i just can not understand how he came to Georgia tech
5.0 : he is awesome :).
5.0 : He is an unbelievable Professor.  Very kind and understanding.  He makes the materials really easy to understand.  His quizzes are very easy as long as you pay attention in class,  I found it easy to study the notes before the class (he uploads the lectures on the web).  He is extremely knowlegeable and a real gentleman.  I learned so much.
5.0 : I think the best aspect of this course were the clicker question quizzes. They gave us hints for what was going to be on the tests, as well as kept us engaged.  The labs were the best part and I learned so much during the labs. It was always exciting for me to go to the laboratory and apply what we were learning in class!
4.0 : Good Professor, test are based completely off of lecture slides. He gives small quizzes everyday so must attend lectures.
4.5 : if you want to get a good participation grade you should pay attention to his lectures which are fairly dry, mostly cause the material is boring. multiple choice test question. very clear on curving and grade schemes
4.5 : Fair professor whose class is one of the easier MSE2001. Clicker questions are mandatory and pretty much every class. Tests are very reasonable. As long as you attended class, you will do well on tests.
5.0 : The lectures are clear and I actually enjoyed going.  while there are 2-3 pop clicker quizzes per class, they're easy to ace if you were paying attention. The tests are mostly recycled questions from the quizzes and it's difficult to do well. When I took it during the summer, he said he wouldn't curve as the vast majority would receive As or Bs.
5.0 : Excellent professor.  Very clear lectures.  He only teaches what is needed to study for the quizzes and exams.  Nothing extra.  There are quizzes every class which makes you attend them all.  review before the exam very useful.  I did not like the fact that I was forced to attend all classes,..
4.0 : Dr. Garmestani is one of the best teachers I've had at Tech. His lectures are very interesting. He has a great presentation style for lecture. His homework problems and class clicker questions are great study material. Tests are fair. It's obvious he wants his students to excel. I highly recommend this professor.
4.5 : One of the best teachers I've had at Tech. His lecture slides are very clear and are great study material. And his organization makes it easy to know what to study prior to the exam. I did great on the tests, but badly in attendance. He has clicker questions every day so make sure you go to class regularly, attendance is worth a lot of points.
4.5 : The professor did a great job on explaining the material and relaying what's important. He would let us know beforehand the concepts that were going to be tested and he would always have review sessions and practice problems ready. The tests were usually fair and his study guides were very helpful. I definitely recommend taking this class with him!
2.0 : He's a lecturer, but definitely not a teacher. He didn't explain anything and half the things he said contradicted what was on the powerpoints. He never explained what it would take to succeed in the class. Everything was memorization. He did not test our understanding, only our ability to remember facts. Easiest class you'll ever get a B in.
3.0 : The tests were not too bad as they were mostly questions from previous exams. Lab reports were very annoying to write but the TA's were generous with grading. He is not very accessible outside class. He took attendance with clicker quizzes so you have to go to class
3.5 : I took him over the summer and LOVED HIM!!! He's adorably quirky and funny, and I really enjoyed his lectures. He is really passionate about history and gets into telling stories about stuff (sometimes related/unrelated to the curriculum). Over summer we just had 3 tests, all very simple and straight from either the book or lecture.
5.0 : Dr. Hild, while endearingly awkward, was an amazing lecturer with a real knowledge of history.  He truly loved what he taught and tried so hard to make students see the same way. While lecture isn't necessary b/c he posts them online, it's worth going if only b/c I felt guilty not to due to the effort he put into them.
5.0 : Hild is a great teacher. I enjoyed going to his class even though history can be boring. Pay attention in class, do the study guide, and extra credit papers and you will get an A. The textbook isn't bad, but I didn't use it after the first test.
5.0 : Hild is an incredible History professor who obviously knows his stuff. He gives a study guide before each test and the tests are pretty much identical to the study guides. You don't have to come to class, just come for the extra credit movie review, and the study guide and you'll do fine. DO NOT buy the biography book, use SparkNotes instead.
5.0 : Go to lectures so you don't have to read the textbook, and do the study guide and extra credit papers. Easy A if you take decent notes
5.0 : Professor Hild is one of the best professors I've had so far. He is passionate about what he is teaching, gives students all the material they need to be successful, and offers opportunities for extra credit. Take his class!
4.0 : Hild's a really nice guy and a great professor. He's not the intimidating professor that first year students might expect. If you read (time consuminng), pay attention in class, and do the study guides you should make a high A with no problems. He also shows a documentary and if you write a short essay you get 5 extra credit points on your test.
5.0 : Solid pick for a social science/GA History requirement. Test were easy. Did not use textbook. Showed up to a third of the classes. Half of the final exam was open book. Made a comfortable A in the class. Keep in mind that his short summer classes are easier than fall/spring since the summer exams are multiple choice.
5.0 : Dr. Hild is great! He can be monotone a lot, but he is extremely clear. You will always know what will be on the test if you pay attention and at least skim the textbook (just read what he doesn't cover) and you'll be set. Also, he makes jokes, but if you zone out you miss them (trust me, they're good)
3.0 : I had Hild during the summer semester as a summer freshman, and his lecture was overall boring. It's hard to focus when 1, it's content you've already known and 2, he tends to go off on a tangent. His spiels do relate to the content, but they tend to get boring very quickly. He does have easy extra credit opportunities though. It's not a hard class
4.0 : Had Hild over the summer and never really showed up for lectures. I would recommend going to the lectures before the tests. I would fill out the study guide he gives and memorize everything on it. If you do that, you'll get an A on the test. The final was the least stressful thing I have ever done at Tech. I loved Prof. Hild.
5.0 : Took him for a five-week New South class in the summer. There were two books but you only had to read one. If you read that one and come to class it is not a difficult A.
4.5 : This is an amazing teacher. I took him over the summer for my U.S. Perspective requirement and he used power points and videos to teach history. Lecture were extremely helpful but students who skipped class and read the book could still make As on his test. I got an 97, 103, and a 84 in the final and I left the class with a 94. Easy if you read.
4.0 : A fairly easy class. Just do your reading and that's pretty much how to get an A. Grade is based on 3 very straight forwards reading tests and one paper. Honestly, I could've tried less and still gotten an A, I suspect he's an easy grader. He gives a decent amount of reading but they're mostly somewhat interesting and you can skim and get the jist.
4.0 : When you first start the class and don't really pay attention, you think Leland is a really boring lecturer. If you start listening (and take notes - just for yourself), you will realize how unbelievably intelligent he is. I think I got a 100 in this class honestly. The work load was easy and the class was very interesting. Only open to LMC majors.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Explains things really well. I love algorithms because of her.
5.0 : I had Professor Mihail for both CS3510 and CS4540, and she was fantastic for both of them. Amazing at explaining algorithms material as well as explaining why they are significant. Slight accent, but it's easy to get used to. Truly cares about her students. The course material, especially CS 4540 can be difficult, but she presents it very well.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors so far at Tech.
5.0 : amazing class, you will learn how to prove things by taking this course.  10 homework assignments count as half of the points for you final grade and they are super tough. a lot of extra credits on the exam, but you probably wont have enough time to even have a look at them. good luck!
4.0 : Good teacher overall and pretty cute.
4.5 : Dr. Graham enjoys teaching the subject and has a lot of passion. He expects a lot from students, but it made me better prepared for this class than any others. Exam was *extremely* hard, but he curved liberally, putting the whole class back into the A-C range. If I have one complaint, it is that he tried to cover *way* too much material .
5.0 : 5/7 Best teacher taken at tech
5.0 : if you are a student of ga tech then don't see this comment, but if you are other student plan to get into ga tech then you may want to know who this person is.. go search him through wiki!
5.0 : The looks of Jon Hamm and the brains of Al Einstein
5.0 : He's the GOAT
5.0 : This man is so great that he is literally a Georgia Tech legend.
5.0 : Excellent professor. Literally so hot, he's a legend. Can't wait to take more classes with him! Teaches everything from GT1000 to Nuclear Radiology Master's thesis.
5.0 : Just an incredible professor. He has a great sense of humor and great personal stories. I don't think there's a better teacher anywhere. His class is a must-take before graduating!
5.0 : Truly a god amongst men, Mr. Burdell singlehandedly saved my semester.
5.0 : A legend among mere mortals.
5.0 : Honestly one of the best professors I have ever had the honor to take a class from. Every teacher at this school is top notch, but Burdell is truly leagues above the rest. I'm so lucky to have had the honor to take his class and I will never forget the lessons I learned from this inspirational man.
5.0 : This guy was great. Perfect  5/7 would take again
5.0 : Awesome prof
5.0 : There's no better professor out there than George P. Burdell. He made class engaging and usually had an interesting personal story to tell during lecture. How many professors can say they won Time's Person of the Year?
5.0 : Dr. Burdell is faultless. As if his classically handsome good looks aren't enough, he is a true scholar and so accomplished. His THWG101 class was inspired, and his research on the devastating effects of the red and black color combination on brain cells was fascinating. Highly recommend going to his office hours (inside the T of Tech Tower).
5.0 : A god among mortals, the most outstanding professor on the east coast. Almost seems impossible for him to be this great of a teacher.
5.0 : Honestly the best professor by far here at Tech - I wish he taught all my classes!
5.0 : Great guy. I mean, when your professor is almost TIME Magazine's person of the year, he's gotta be pretty legendary.
5.0 : What can you expect out of George Burdell except awe and inspiration? This man has given me so much to look for in life. Truly an exceptional human being. It's only a plus that he's fought in every war since WWII and still manages to teach and mold young minds.
5.0 : Yep yep.
5.0 : Amazing inspiration to me. What a lovely man. He will be responsible for keeping the GT spirit going.
5.0 : BEST EVER!!!
5.0 : It's unreal how good of professor he is. 11/10. I would take him for every class if I could.
5.0 : He is so real and down to earth :)
5.0 : DA BEST
5.0 : He was a great professor! He really knew a lot about everything, since he has a degree in all Tech has to offer!
5.0 : Now wonder he was a leading candidate for TIME Magazine's person of the year! Best professor I have ever had.
5.0 : He's amazing.
5.0 : Awesome
5.0 : Literally a God of a Professor. I've heard he's been here forever and I've never heard anything bad about him. He is the sole reason I passed THWG101.
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had by far. Was a student here so he knows what Tech kids go through. He's crazy smart (apparently he has at least a few degrees from Tech). Very spirited and has lots of stories to share that keep things interesting. 10/10. You can do no better.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had the pleasure of taking. Always captivating with his lectures. He's one of the most knowledgeable people I've ever known; apparently he has multiple degrees from Tech, which is pretty astounding.
5.0 : One word: unreal.
5.0 : He was by far the best professor I have ever had. He's taken so many classes and just knows so much. I wish he offered more classes.
5.0 : What else can I say - he's a legend 3
5.0 : My only regret is that I'm getting out, so I can't take him anymore.
5.0 : The model of brilliance at GT. By far the best professor I've ever taken.
5.0 : Burdell has had a bigger impact on my life than anybody else, and taking his classes have been the highlight of my college experience.  Run--don't walk--to register for anyone of his classes.
5.0 : I literally love him. He's such a great professor. 10/10 would take every semester for the rest of my life.
5.0 : Best class at Tech. 11/10 would recommend this professor.
5.0 : He was the most knowledgeable person I ever met. Maybe because he has a degree in every major at Tech. Also, he is really funny and caring.
5.0 : Love this funny guy! Online computer vision course on Udacity. Oh my gawd, camera girl is pretty cute too and so sweet. Already took a computer vision, so just a refresher so far. Could see how parts might be a bit fast for new people. Wonderfu free course. Thank you! Heard he's liberal. Thats a deal breaker... kidding! for the most part :P
5.0 : A really really great lecturer. Tells many anecdotes, some personal, in class, which was entertaining but also helpful. Anyone who is interested in 20th century British politics should take this class. There is a lot of reading and the tests are not easy.
4.0 : Chill.
4.5 : He has so much experience teaching this subject (multiple sections every semester for the past 10 or so years) that every lecture seems like a well oiled routine, for better or for worse. He has very clear requirements and is very consistent with grading. I have heard that the class can be tough if you get a bad group, but that's out of his hands.
5.0 : He's a great professor.  He constantly reminds you of the myriad things which are coming due so you know exactly what you need to be working on and when it needs to be finished.  He's very helpful if you have any questions, and is understanding of special circumstances.   He's also a very clear professor, and obviously cares about the students.
5.0 : The test are take home individual projects(they are pretty long however). but This guy is really cool. He will answer any questions that you have and he will make sure that you get a good grade. The labs are very time consuming but if you try you can get them done in time. overall easy and cool class
5.0 : Fast lectures, but very clear.
5.0 : Great guy, with a great way of teaching the course. Gives you extra points for answering correctly in class. Doing all your homework can get you up to 5% extra credit. Not an exceedingly strict grader either. Very approachable and all in all, a great teacher.
4.5 : Excellent professor, there to teach, to make sure material is understood, will expect you to do your part too
5.0 : Really helpful and gives great lectures. Made me get interested into the field of AI and cognition.
4.5 : Amazing lectures and awesome professor. One of the finest lecturers I'v seen so far.
5.0 : Awesome professor if you're interested in the field of AI and cognition!
3.0 : I have very mixed feelings. I really like this professor, but CS7637 is the worst class I have taken yet at Georgia Tech. I learned more reading about the topics on Wikipedia than I did in lecture. This professor loves busy work too, so expect a bunch of pointless writing assignments. He just isn't a computer scientist, he's a cog psych guy.
5.0 : I had one of the greatest courses ever with him. A great opportunity to learn a lot about the field. He is full of great projectresearch ideas  and provides helpful feedback on students work.
5.0 : Professor Chumney is at CSUN now and I just took him. Fun class with two tests and a big paper due at the end, copy the few powerpoints he has for the tests as he doesn't post them on moodle. Should be relatively easy if you do this.
5.0 : she's so nice and she gives all the help you need to succeed in her class.
5.0 : I loved Seora Pilkington! She's super sweet and really cares to get to know all of her students. English was her first language so she doesn't have an accent, and repeats important stuff and makes sure you understand. I definitely learned a lot in her class and did more speaking than previous classes, so I definitely recommend!
5.0 : The teacher is really great, probably one of my favorites so far at Tech. She'll work with you on anything you're struggling with and if you want an A you'll most likely get one.
4.5 : It was her first time teaching this class so it wasn't exactly clear what would be expected. She is an awesome professor. Extremely helpful and very patient. Class was completely in Spanish and I really improved my speaking ability. Overall a very nice person and very easy to talk to. Highly recommend!
5.0 : most sweet and nice proffessor ever
4.0 : Watching his lectures, he clearly cares about teaching. He is able to explain difficult concepts from the textbook in one or two sentences, and he does so in a way that not only makes sense, but it is illustrative and memorable as well. He usually cracks a joke per lecture or so, and they're mostly on topic as well, so overall, a solid professor.
5.0 : Great teacher , solid course.
2.5 : Foley is a really sweet guy.   However, 80% of his class's grades are made up of two tests and a final, and he never gives partial credit.  The other 20% of his class is made up of 6 or 7 impossible homeworks that very often include things he doesn't cover in the class. He gives you practice exams, but won't give you answer keys.
4.5 : Was my favorite course of my freshman year even though it was the only one I got a B in. The lectures are very interesting and very free flowing. They have a nice flow between him directing the lecture and taking student requests for better explanations. If you ever needed help he was there during office hours too.
5.0 : Dr. Foley is by far one of the best professors I've had so far. He genuinely cares about every student and is very clear and specific in his explanations. His tests are fair - they stem mainly from lecture notes and HW questions, but the HW can be quite difficult. However, he always sends emails to the entire class answering questions, which is a +
4.0 : One of the best professors I've had at Tech. The class wasn't easy and homework's are long and difficult, but he is very willing to help, responds to emails quickly, and the classwork and homework are very indicative of what tests will be like. Very nice guy. Would take one of his classes again
3.0 : He is one of the best professors I've had. It's not going to be an easy A. You have to work for it. The hw's are difficult and he assigns them every week, but the tests arent as hard as the hw. If you understand the hw, then you'll do fine in the test. No partial credit for the tests, which messed my grades up a bit. He curves at the end.
4.0 : Amazing professor, very helpful in and out of class, however, there's no structure for ISYE 2027, and classes from previous years do not reflect the content and speed of coverage for the current class. Homework is very tedious but tests are easier. He likes to keep the average GPA between 2.9 and 3.0, so that's how the curve will be determined.
4.0 : Spent a lot of time studying for this class, but often was disappointed by results on tests (short answer math, no partial credit). Homeworks take hours to complete, and it is difficult to prepare for tests because he doesn't give answers to practice tests. Great lecturer, answers questions; if you put in effort, expect a B.
2.0 : Her tests have been very easy in the past because she reuses the same material. This yr was different. The first test was like prior, but the last two tests I took were 60% multiple choice on concept questions, which are hard because all she does in class are computational examples. I would not recommend the teacher! choose a more laid back one!
5.0 : So sweet, so helpful. I would take her for every finance class if I could.
5.0 : Debbie is absolutely amazing. She cares so much about the students. While her class is tough, she works very hard to make sure students understand the course matter. She is very accessible outside of class. Go to class because she is a great lecturer and the knowledge she imparts in class is invaluable. She contributes a lot of life experience!
5.0 : She is amazing and actually cares about your understanding of the material. Take her accounting I class!
5.0 : Dr. Turner is one of the very best that I've ever had. I took her Advanced Accounting Seminar, and it was a real treat. Do the readings, do your assignments, show up, speak up. If you do those 4 things, you are guaranteed an A.
3.0 : Reading textbook is a must. Always a quiz after he goes over a chapter so have to alway. Read the textbook unless you know what his talking about in class. Test is fair but good news is he curve base the class average so if you ,re higher than the average than you are sure an A or B
2.0 : DO NOT take his class, he teaches off lecture powerpoints that are not available before the class. Expected students to memorize over 150 words for recall on a fill in the blank test that counts as 30% percent of your grade. Some of the words weren't available in the notes or the textbook. He seems like a nice guy but expectations were unreasonable
3.5 : Dr. Schumacher is a decent lecturer but comes across as though he is disinterested, possibly as a result of his personality rather than lecturing ability. Gives test questions ahead of time (in the graduate course) and material heavily based on the numerous articles read in class. Tests based on more rote memorization than critical thinking.
5.0 : Interesting lecture. Charismatic. Tests are not hard. Need to read the textbook a little bit sometimes for reference but not required.
5.0 : Great professor.  Makes lectures interesting with his stories and does a good job teaching the material.  He's very helpful if you need it.
4.0 : She is a great professor. Participation is very important because she will randomly call on students. Ateendence is also imprtant. I missed one class and I felt so behind. The textbook is used in every class besides test days. She is not the easiest professor but she is very helpful. I can definitely say my German has improved.
5.0 : Really cares about students' learning experience. Preparedness for class and class participation are crucial. lots of homework, but you will learn German. overall a great professor
5.0 : She is a very good teacher and cares about each student. This is one of the few classes I actually look forward to. Regular homework, essays, quizzes and tests are assigned, however this is necessary to learn the language.
5.0 : She has a "hard workreach your goals" mentality. Her life is very interesting, and she tells stories. I just wish we had more time to hear more. She's funny and intimidating. I really appreciated her class and would definitely take her again. She tells you exactly what will be on the tests and quizzes. She calls on everybody, so be ready
5.0 : Fun and intriguing topics were discussed and tests were more than fair.
5.0 : Dr. D'Unger is a fantastic prof. She is extremely nice, friendly, and a great lecturer. Class is also very interesting and lectures tie well with the book. Exams are fair but can be a little detailed / specific at times. As long as you carefully do the reading and pay attention in class, you should do fine.
5.0 : Lectures were engaging, and she made the class interesting. Tests were straightforward as long as you took notes/read the textbook.
5.0 : I honestly just took the class because I need some free elective credits but I'm so glad I took the class. Class was comprised of 2 tests, a paper and participation. Lectures were discussions about the short stories we read. She is very kind if you go to her office hours. The tests are tricky but if you really put in the work you should be fine.
4.5 : Dr. Yu was always very thorough in his lectures. In office hours he was very helpful too. I was never bored during thermo with him.
5.0 : Dr. Kubanek is such a fantastic professor. She timed her lectures perfectly, and she gave students a crystal clear understanding of the material. Tests were fair and covered course material. Plus and 85 was an A.
2.5 : Cedric is very personable, no doubt, however he is not very professional. He doesn't respond to emails and has no office hours, technically. It is up to you to personally track him down. He did not post 2 assignments over the course of 3 weeks. He's also a slow grader. Otherwise I like his enthusiasm. He makes complex concepts tolerable.
1.0 : Seriously the worst professor I've ever had. He's nice in class but a few weeks into the semester I had to go to the hospital because I was diagnosed with pretty serious and heavy stuff, I went to his office hours to try and ask to work with me, and he basically told me I need to withdraw from the whole school and he didn't care about me
5.0 : Never thought I could be so interested in sociology! Lectures can be long, but he makes them interesting and I don't mind going to class. A lot of readings but they're interesting. Quizzes were straightforward and as long as you paid attention to concepts you'll do well. Would 100% take him again if I get the chance.
4.5 : I took Sociology with Winders in a late short summer session. The information was fairly easy to understand and most was common sense. You'll do well on the tests if you take notes and listen during class. The reading homework is heavy, but you only need to understand a basic concept of each chapter for the tests. Pretty easy class overall. (:
4.0 : Professor Winders' class had several readings each night, but each was relatively interesting. His lectures were interesting, but would sometimes drag on, especially since he likes to teach until the very last minute of class. The quizzes were pretty easy and so was the final.
4.0 : Very easy class.  He makes the lectures interesting as well as the readings outside of class.  He is a good guy who cares about his students and his profession.  Would recommend.  Btw I had him for summer short session, and the class was well worth it.
4.0 : I had him for a summer short session so the amount of reading outside of class each day was unreal.  However towards the end of the semester I learned you could get away with not reading as long as you paid attention in class and took good notes.  He is a great professor who cares about students and Social movements.
5.0 : It is important to be in class because he doesn't post all the power points and 90% of what's on the quizzes comes from lecture or class discussion. He is very passionate about what he is teaching and an all around enjoyable professor to have!
5.0 : I took his class in the late short summer session, and it was a good choice. He really cares about if his students are learning, and he will go the extra mile to re-explain things that he thought he explained poorly before. He tends to be a tough grader so, word of advise- on the tests/quizzes, make your answers concise and to the point.
3.0 : All of his notes came straight from the slides. The only thing you really need for the reading is the very basic idea and what it demonstrates within the lesson you are learning. I don't recommend. T trying to read it all. Tests were pretty fair. The papers were easy and graded fairly as well. I took this in a short summer session.
4.5 : Very good professor that understands that his classes don't need to be stupidly hard. The tests are easy As as long as you go to lecture and at least know what the readings are talking about. I'd highly recommend.  Lectures could be condensed into half the time that they take, so it's very easy to understand and multitask during them if you want.
4.5 : Professor Winders is very engaging and knows how to connect with his students. There are many readings each night, but they are interesting and enjoyable, which makes it easy to remember the course material as discussed in class. If you do the assignments and readings, take notes, and pay attention in class, you will be successful.
5.0 : ??????, is an amazing person. She is willing to help out as long as you go to her. The class is easy but super intensive. She makes the class fun that the 50 minutes runs out before you realize it. There are a lot of tests and quizzes,so it is difficult to fail the class. If you're thinking about taking a class with her, i'll say go for it.
5.0 : Matsushima-sensei is so nice! She is super patient and cares a lot about her students. Most of the class will be spent practicing speaking Japanese, which helps a lot with learning the language. This isnt the easiest class, and there are tons of homeworks and quizzes, but if you do the work you should be fine.
4.0 : Matsushima-sensei is my favorite teacher in the japanese department so far. She's very helpful and relaxed although I wouldn't say she's easy. She expects a lot but doesn't make you feel awful if you need help.
5.0 : If you take this class, you better be prepared to spend around half of class every day practicing speaking Japanese out loud with other students. Participation is expected, and it greatly pays off.
4.5 : He's fantastic at giving lectures. You will not fall asleep when he teaches. Make sure you pay attention in class- a lot of the material he goes over will be on the quizzes. He gives a huge curve at the end of the semester- if you have and 80 or above you will get an A. There are 8 quizzes and 1 final-that's all the class is based on.
5.0 : 4 words: Best professor at Tech! Seriously. (OK fine, I did think the textbook was kinda average, but at least he kept it brief and inexpensive).
5.0 : Professor Taylor was honestly the best lecturer I've had so far at Tech. He kept it extremely upbeat and easy to pay attention to. The quizzes weren't hard at all as long as you did the study guide the night before. He ended up curving the class by ten points at the end. Really an awesome professor, easy on the eyes too.
5.0 : Easy A. Do the study guides for each quiz, and you'll be fine. At the end of the semester, he gave everyone a letter grade higher (A80-100, B70-80, C60-70, etc.) The lectures are interesting, but you can easily find/learn the material without going to lecture.
5.0 : Would definitely recommend Prof. Taylor. His lectures can get boring, but you don't really need to take notes to pass. His study guides are very, very similar to the quizzes. At the end, he ended up giving a generous curve. The book is helpful but definitely not required to get a good grade. He also posts all of his lecture slides on t2.
4.5 : Amazing teacher, really opened up my world view with his lectures and examples. Easy tests because he gives study guides before hand.
4.0 : He's a really great lecturer and always helpful with the course content. Gave a 5 point curve at the end, and thats why my score went up to an A. provides study guides for the quizes which are similar to the quizes, but need to study every material. I found the quizes very difficult, and there are easier classes for US Govt. perspective.
2.5 : I would avoid taking him if possible. Kind of rude and very unorganized. Does not post very much online. Class notes are not the best. Tests are hard and graded poorly. If he ever uploaded solutions, they were usually for a completely different assignment from a previous semester. Class gets curved.
5.0 : She presents everything in a very clear and easy to understand way.  She's simply an AMAZING teacher. Also if you have an A she lets you opt out of her final.
5.0 : Passionate about and talented at teaching her subject. Overall a GREAT professor
5.0 : Go to class, you learn everything there. Valle is super helpful. Probably the best teacher I've had.
5.0 : She is the best teacher for Statics. She teaches exactly what you need to know in order to succeed in that class. Her homework and practice exams are doable and they mirror right back on the exam. So as long as you go to class, do the stuff you need to, you will be good to go.
5.0 : Valle is the greatest. Statics with her was an absolute breeze, and I came out knowing the material just as well as my friends with more difficult professors. As long as you go to class it won't be difficult and she's the nicest person.
5.0 : Easy professor compared to others at this school, gave us answers to homework and taught all material well. Very clear on how to get an A in the course. Studying is still necessary in this course. Very fair grader as well
3.5 : Guy rating before me must be an idiot. Statics overall is not that hard of a class, and Valle has a clear cut way of teaching it. If you go to class and do the practice tests, you will make a great grade in the class. If you average an A before the final, you can skip the final. She is very particular about wording when you ask questions though.
3.0 : He is a great researcher but his teaching style is a bit off !!
5.0 : Very good professor.
4.5 : This was probably may most enjoyable non-major related class at Tech. The discussions would get heated at times, but were altogether enjoyable
5.0 : Interesting discussions, and he is very patient with students. Tests are tricky, great attention to detail is required.
5.0 : This is not a good course, too many topics and none can be taught properly. The professor made it as good as it can be.  I still do not like this course.  Too much reading and definitions. The professor knows the subject really well.  Attendance helps.
4.0 : Such a tipsy topsy class. Too much stuff from water to semi-conductors to plastics and everything in between. I had to study very hard.
5.0 : Not very good  course material
5.0 : I really learned a lot from this course. We didn't have time to go deeper in any subject, but it gave a good overview for each topic. Book, lecture slides, summary sheets, etc were very helpful. Professor taught the class well. As long as you read the book, notes and do end of book problems, exams are very fair. There was so much stuff to read.
5.0 : He is extremely good in explaining very complicated matters so that we can understand, he answers all the questions, the class was really enjoyable. We learned a lot of  stuff. I knows the subject so well, and he can explain it very well. I am so glad I took this class.  Yes, I will take his class again, certainly.
5.0 : I liked the class, although I heard so many critical comments about this course.
5.0 : I despise MSE 2001's curricular organization. The course is very poorly constructed no matter who you take. That said, Karl Jacob is a fantastic professor. We had several other MSE professors substitute for him for a week or so, and he's by far the best of the bunch. He also curved our final grades very generously. Take him if possible.
5.0 : As others stated below, I don't care much about the content of this course. It is a miserable course. But I have to say that the professor made it as tolerable as it can be made. Attend classes since overhead projections are not clear. I don't think the class is difficult, but so much of material enough to cause confusion.
5.0 : This is a tough class. Lots of theories and derivations to understand, but the class is really enjoyable. It gave me a good background in polymers. Great teaching and fantastic professor. Certainly take him again.
5.0 : Easy and entertaining class.
5.0 : He now is at Duke. Totally love this guy. He only lectures on the important stuff, he prefers you actually understand the concepts behind the material instead of giving a ton of random mathematical equations. Workload was by far the least of any engineering class I've taken. He's the head of the department so he has no concerns giving many A's 3
5.0 : I took the class couple of years back and here is what I felt. Prof Manos makes you well prepared for the exam, he is very gentle when approached and explains concepts behind every equation he writes. I started liking Electromagnetics because of an amazing professor like him. For me with no prior background, he made it interesting and practical.
4.0 : Even though the 10% Extra Credit is listed as optional, do it if you want an A, you won't get it otherwise. The tests are easy as they are very similar to the practice exams he gives out. The final is a lot tougher but he does give out a decent amount of partial credit. HW is long but the same every semester and there are only 5. Take for passing.
5.0 : Tests consist of a large part of final grade (each of the two midterms was 30%, and 13 homework was only 5%), but the problems are straightforward and not that hard as the homework. Get a textbook is a must.
1.0 : Tests are average but working book problems doesn't help. If you are unable to make it to office hours, he's not willing to find another time or meet with you 1-on-1. When you email him questions about the homework, he takes 3-4 days to respond just to tell you that it is too difficult to explain over email. Absolutely useless.
4.0 : Dr. Leamy is tough. He is super helpful in office hours, but don't expect to get answers from him during them. He will point you in the right direction. The homework is the hardest part and only 5% of grade. Test are mild, but no study guide is given for any of the three test.
5.0 : Leamy is honestly a great professor. His lectures are very clear, he knows the material very well and explains it in an understandable way. The material is just hard. Theres weekly hw (5% of grade), Class based on very few grades (2 tests and final essentially), but I would recommend him.
5.0 : He is very good at teaching and obvious cares about teaching his students. If you o homeworks and put sometime into studying His class would be alright. its dynamics class. it is suppose to be tough. He will assist you in anyway possible. he scales typically about 4 points at the end depending on how your class does. BUY THE TEXTBOOK. it saved me.
4.5 : Unconventional class (in a good way). You need to work hard for his grade but he is forgiving with past grades if you show initiative, growth and effort.  Don't miss his classes as... he doesn't use the text book. If you need clarification, just ask again. Also visit him or TA during office hours if you have trouble understanding the material.
5.0 : She was the best teacher I've ever had.  She was my 1300 group moderator.  She doesn't take bs and makes you work damn hard, but it's obvious how much she cares about all of her students. After 1300, she took me on as her mentie and helped me navigate the rest of Tech. I wouldn't be where I am today without her.
5.0 : Top notch professor! No grade replacement though, but enough extra credit for you to never worry about the tests. That depends on your TA, though.
4.5 : Very interesting class and he explains concepts well. But when it came for tests, the material was surprising to me (I did the readings, coded in my spare time, had very high grades on the homework and quizzes). It was very specific knowledge about things that even a good programmer could forget for a second. Fun class though, and an A is doable.
4.0 : Summet is a generally nice guy and very helpful. Go to the TA helpdesk for all of the homeworks and your time spent will be cut 10 fold. Do NOT take the group learning class. He doesn't lecture in class and instead gives very tricky quizzes. The tests are very doable and some questions on the old tests reappear often. Would recommend.
5.0 : He is really great, his lectures were really informative so you need to attend but he is really helpful. He is patient with questions, even if they've been asked three times already. The TA helpdesk is also a really great and helpful resource, and he is really helpful during office hours
3.0 : Hated CS1301 sooo much. His lectures are more like Q&amp;A sessions which might be okay if you understand the content... but not very helpful if you were completely lost for most of the course like I was. Attendance isn't necessary, and honestly wasn't helpful for me. Ended up getting loads of help from my CS major bf. Also tests were hard.
5.0 : Professor Summet is extremely helpful, from the recorded lecture videos he posts on his website to the questions he answers about homework during class. His homework assignments are all doable, even if you've never coded before. Recitation is as useless as the TA's for this course, but you should go so you don't miss the pop quizzes.
4.0 : This class inspired me to switch my major to CS. I love Jay. He does an excellent job explaining the material as well as making it entertaining. The homework assignments and tests aren't too difficult, and help is abundant if you need it.
1.5 : Summet basically just types in code for most of lecture, and spends too much time on highly specific student questions which may or may not be relevant to the rest of the class.
1.0 : I started out this class liking him and thinking he was a nice, approachable guy who was there to help you. WRONG. He is no help at all, he doesn't answer questions well, lectures suck. He is a horrible person imo. Does not give a damn about the students. He may seem nice, but he's out to get you. The only consolation is the amazing TAs/helpdesk.
4.0 : Good guy, good lecturer, knows a lot about what he teaches. Your grade really depends on your grading TA.
1.0 : The discrepancies between grading TAs are ridiculous. Some people will get 75s on codes that do the exact same thing as the code of somebody who got a 100. The lectures are pointless, as all he does is type code the entire time. If you email him, expect a blunt and rude response. He does not care for his students &amp; he is out to get you.
1.0 : Jay is a very picky and thorough academia-type. He took over this course from Leo Mark, and the students tend to agree he did a relatively poor job of it. Grading is harsh, tests are extremely difficult and usually a huge curveball from the lecture material. Group projects are unnecessarily massive- good luck appealing any grades. They don't budge.
1.0 : He's an awful teacher. He never lectured once in class, leaving all the learning from reading the dry terrible text book. He had 0 respect for any student and when ever he was asked a question, he'd give a roundabout answer that never tell you anything. Never ever ever ever take this awful man's class.
1.0 : Nightmare of a class. I think he lectured once the whole class after there was an uproar midway through the semester about him never teaching. Just clicker questions EVERY day. Since he doesn't lecture and the clickers are awful, you have to read like 400+ pages in the dry textbook. Worst class I've had at Tech.
5.0 : Fantastic professor. His explanations are crystal clear, so going to class is very helpful. Take him if you have the chance!
4.5 : Great professor. Helpful. Made lectures as easy and clear as possible.
4.0 : Lectures were very straightforward and kept my interest. The tests were tricky, but all you had to do was get a B average to get an A in the course. His class website was very organized and made getting assignments and practice tests easy.
5.0 : Jay is the best. Need say more? Always helpful and clear, tests are not too easy nor too hard.  Too much homework? Well, CS is all about practice and excel. You'll find it rewarding.
4.5 : Summet is a great guy and an even better teacher. He's extremely friendly and has a great sense of humor. He really knows his stuff and he teaches it very well. The class isn't terribly easy but if you work hard you can get that A. If you have to take a CS class, I highly recommend this guy.
5.0 : Professor Summet is a great teacher. Be sure to take notes on your computer on whatever he teaches in class, it will help a lot!! He is there to help whenever you don't understand, and he gives great final exam review webcasts.
4.0 : His tests initially frustrated me but really the only way to prepare is to just go HAM and do all the practice tests. They seem intentionally tricky, but honestly, I appreciate it now because I feel like I know Computer Science forward and backward. I had to work for my grade, but I feel like I am so much more appreciative of the material now.
5.0 : Jay is the coolest professor I've had. I'd never taken CS before, but he explained everything really well, and he and the TAs were great about answering my questions. Read the texts he puts online, study your homeworks, and take lots of practice tests, and the real tests will be easy. The robots were also a lot of fun to work with.
4.0 : So he posts years worth of practice exams for all of the exams except for the final but the final is fairly simple. If you get team based learning, RIP. Get out because if you would rather have lecture, do well on exams and walk out with the A it'll make it a lot harder to do that but even in it, getting the A isn't difficult. Fair guy.
4.5 : He is a very good professor. I loved the class. The only problem I had with his class was that he kept his room really warm. I had him early in the morning and his voice is very soothing, so I would find myself falling asleep
4.0 : This has been my favorite professor at Tech so far. Not very easy to talk to, but if you pay attention in class and do the homeworks, you'll do fine. It was an easy A for me, and it was clear he knew what he was doing and loved the material. Final exemption is a possibility if you do really well prior to.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Had taken CS 6210 under a different professor, therefore had referred Prof Umakishore's online lecture series on Udacity. A must take course for someone who wants to be a Systems Programmer.
5.0 : She's basically the Mary Poppins of chemistry. If you have the opportunity to take her as a professor - JUST DO IT. Seriously, she's there for her students and relates complex topics in easy-to-understand ways. Definitely my favorite professor for my first semester of college. I didn't get an A, but it's only because I didn't put the effort in.
5.0 : Lectures are really engaging and funny. She really tries hard to make sure you're learning optimally. The best professor for 1310 by a long shot. Really helpful, sends lots of emails explaining everything. Tests are exactly what you'd expect. Cribs sheets allowed. Homework relatively optional (though REALLY helpful.)
5.0 : She is THE 1310 teacher to take. Most students taking this class will never use Chemistry again and she makes it as easy as possible for us. Her lectures are great as she incorporates humor and is very lively, but it's chemistry so not everyone is interested. The homework always required more than one person to do, but the exams were forgiving.
4.5 : Awesome teacher. She will always make sure you understand and are prepared. Don't ever feel intimidated to speak to her. My favorite class, so far at Tech.
3.0 : Idk mixed feelings because everyone loves her, and maybe I'm just bad at chem but like her lectures didn't resonate well with me and I wasn't able to understand material from the slides well because she went through them so quickly, and the class itself requires so much outside work.
4.0 : Dr. Shepler was an amazing teacher and I really adore her as a person in general. She's very quick to email you if you don't do so hot on an exam and is always there to help you get back on track. Her exams are super tough, but if you print out lecture notes, get help for things you need, and thoroughly cover the practice exams you'll be fine.
5.0 : Shepler's lectures are entertaining and easy to follow; her analogies are hilarious and actually make you understand. Chem 1310 is a tough class (doesn't matter who your teacher is), but Shepler made is a little more simple and easy.
5.0 : Definitely the best CHEM professor at GT!
4.5 : Dr. Shepler is awesome. I had her for 1211, and I have her now for 1212. She is always willing to help you and is very supportive both academically and personally. If you go to office hours, she remembers you by name. She has comical ways of remembering tricky concepts. If you wanted to get an A in the class, you definitely could.
4.5 : Dr. Shepler  is great. She tries to make it as interesting as possible and that helped me understand better. Sometimes there will be group work during lecture. Basically you work with neighbors to answer questions. Didnt really care for that.
5.0 : She expects a lot but if you are willing to do the work, your grade will be fine. She is also excellent at teaching and explaining tough concepts.
5.0 : I love Dr. Shepler! Her lectures are easy to follow and she makes a lot of difficult concepts easy to understand. She will also go out of her way to provide office hours and extra help to those who need it. That being said, this class requires a lot of work, especially with the lab component added on. You have to put in a lot of effort to get an A.
5.0 : Great teacher! She knows her chemistry and can explain it clearly and with jokes! She doesn't get off topic that much which is good so you actually learn what will be on tests. Study and do practice problems before tests and you can make an A or B.
1.0 : A lot of my friends really liked Dr. Shepler and while I have to admit that she was a good and enthusiastic lecturer, she was very unsympathetic and rude when being dealt with one-on-one outside of class, a side of her that most people did't see, but myself and a few friends saw come out big-time
4.5 : Tests are tough, but always fair. Homework is helpful, but the system is annoying, so make sure to plan time for homework. Really cares about students, and tries to make sure that every student taking Chem 1212 (not necessarily her classes, just that class in general) can find an office hour to get help.
5.0 : Fantastic teacher!  Cares about her students (but no room in the syllabus really for smudging of grades, so you get what you get) and teaches the material really well.  Go to office hours, be vocal in class (ask questions!).  She wants to help.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers! Lectures are clear, helpful, and informative and tests are straightforward, not hard at all if you study. She lets you write up a cheat sheet for each test including the final. Really cares about her students and majorly sparked my interest in the subject and motivated me to do well in the class. Take her!!
5.0 : Shepler is one of the best teachers I've had at Tech. Class is challenging, but she is more than willing to help you inside and outside of class. Office hours are incredibly helpful.
5.0 : Amazing, amazing teacher. Way better than a lot of the other CHEM 1310 professors. Explains concepts very well and truly cares about you as a student. Highly recommend.
4.5 : Out of all the CHEM 1310 professors, Dr. Shepler is by far the most engaging. She goes at a slower pace than other professors but only because she wants everybody to learn. All classes have the same test, and I've gotten an A on every one just by reviewing the annotated lecture notes. That being said, attendance isn't mandatory but it's beneficial.
5.0 : Dr. Shepler is one of the most AMAZING professors I have ever had! I wish she taught all of my classes. She is so nice and super helpful and patient in office hours. Her office hours are everyday, and she is always willing to schedule meetings with you if her office hours don't work. Lectures are very interactive.  Get her if you can (SERIOUSLY!)
4.5 : Amazing professor. She teaches with a lot of enthusiasm. Many opportunities to get good grades. Go to class and to office hours if you need it. Bareable amount of homework.
4.0 : Shepler is an amazing and intellectual chemistry professor. The only thing is she goes at a high school pace, which is more preference than anything. She is very fair though -- if you don't reach a topic in lecture, you aren't responsible for it.
2.5 : I did not care for her teaching. She explains things well and is there for her students, but I honestly think she has a very limited understanding of chemistry. This could explain why her class is easier because when pushed for a deeper explanation she doesn't know it. I guess that is why she only teaches freshmen courses.
5.0 : Basically, you get an A if you want to. Do the practice exam questions and the A comes naturally
5.0 : DR. SHEPLER IS THE ONLY CHEM 1310 PROFESSOR YOU SHOULD CONSIDER. PLEASE. She is a goddess. One of the best teachers I've ever had.
5.0 : Not too bad.  Work and you'll get an A especially if you took chem recently in highschool.
5.0 : Definitely one of the best professors at tech. Very cheerful and funny during the 8 am lectures. Definitely go to office hours after each test and ask how to do all the questions you got wrong. I noticed she used very similar questions from the tests on her final.
5.0 : Dr. Shepler is an awesome professor! She's very approachable and wants us all to succeed. Make sure your do a bunch of work on your own for this class; it will help you get that A.
5.0 : Dr. Shepler genuinely cares for the students. Office hours are very accessible, and I recommend going (even to see what others ask) especially before exams. Most in the class aren't chem-related majors, but she makes it interesting and easy to succeed (but you have to try!). Practice exams are helpful to study, and use her PPT slides to take notes.
5.0 : Amazing lectures! But you can't learn everything in class, of course. You will have to study hard to get an A, but the grade improvement system makes that a whole lot easier. Lab takes up a lot of time, but don't blow it off, because it is 20% of your grade. Study really hard for the final, and you can definitely get an A. I failed every exam.
5.0 : Highly recommend for any chem class. Lectures were rich and I would actually feel like Im missing out if I didnt go. Made a B but could have easily made an A if I took advantage of her office hours. Her humor for the most part is actually kinda entertaining. Review old tests. Don't waste too much time on online hw as they weren't really helpful
5.0 : Lectures were pretty good and she really cares about her students. Her office hours were always really crowded so I ended up going to TA office hours a lot. If you review the old tests and do a thorough review of your notes you should be fine.
5.0 : His lectures can be tough to keep up with, the tests are challenging, but if you keep up with the homework and simulation/project assignments, you'll do fine.  I must stress, READ THE BOOKS, you will almost certainly not pass if you don't. Prof. Swami is very approachable and happy to answer questions. Great class, I loved it.
4.0 : Professor Swami is very inspirational. He teaches a very hard class, but is a great professor and truly cares about his students. 10/10!
5.0 : Great prof!
3.5 : Great professor with a wonderful sense of humor. He really opened my eyes on slavery in America by providing many different viewpoints and discussions. Make sure to keep up on the reading because its easy to fall behind, and you discuss the readings in class. One easy presentation, if you have a problem presenting, he allows you to make a video!
2.0 : Good teacher but remember only 3 tests that comprise the entire grade and tests are very arbitrary. Overall, nice guy and very enjoyable class; it's easy to pass but hard to make an A.
5.0 : I loved Professor Dhooge! He made lectures engaging and interesting. Although the tests are challenging, if you pay attention during class, you should be fine to get an A.
4.0 : He's a lawyer, so he definitely knows his stuff and is good at teaching. Tests comprise of 40 Multiple Choice, and there are only 3 tests total (including the final). Very hard to make an A. Can make a B easily if you study.
3.0 : He only gives 3 multiple choice tests for the entire course so each test is heavily weighted and there's not a lot of places you can mess up on. He's not flexible about changing grades, he goes by the syllabus strictly. He also recommends the textbook but from my experience, it was mostly useless and a waste of money. Hard to get an A.
5.0 : Great Professor!
5.0 : Really friendly guy who just wants you to enjoy some awesome music. Rehearsals are my favorite part of the week!
5.0 : Presented material in an interesting way, smooth lecturing, and helpful TAs.
5.0 : Just study past quizzes on quizlet for the 5 quizzes you will have. One quiz gets dropped which is really nice. Papers are kind of annoying but the TA's usually grade them fairly. Klein is a very enthusiastic lecturer and has some really interesting points.
4.0 : Lectures can get boring and tedious, but he does his best to make it enjoyable.  He is understanding and realizes the majority of students are not extremely passionate about philosophy.  Half of your grade is two papers which are graded by your TA, so the grade disparity between sections can be pretty drastic.
4.0 : Quizzes are easy, as they're from previous ones, which are on quizlet. Can only miss 2 lectures, or points are deducted. Participation and paper grades come from TA's, so they vary, but my TA, Meg, was one of the worst and most of us still got A's. Overall easy A.
5.0 : Brilliant professor! Would totally recommend.
1.0 : There are two weekly homework assignments and a weekly quiz, so lots of work in the class. You can't trust what he says though since he changed his syllabus and the weekly schedule four times. He's also "old timey" and says sexist and anti-autistic things "because they're true," and even advocated for guns in class. Lot to deal with for econ.
4.5 : Incredible professor! His genuine enthusiasm for the topic and clarity in presenting it make complicated material much easier to grasp. He makes himself readily available for questions, holds study sessions before exams, and is passionate about fostering not only an appreciation for nanotechnology but also for life and the people around us.
5.0 : This guy is amazing. His genuine interest in the subject combined with his knowledge of the field results in amazing lectures and an informative class. Read the text, do the HW, and study for the test and you'll learn lots. He is also very inspirational. He knows what he is doing and will try to foster an appreciation for the technology we have.
5.0 : Dr. Cressler is a great professor. He has the ability to really come down to the level of the students and connect with them. I loved taking this class with him. He encouraged open dialogue and really pushed us to challenge our perspectives. 10/10 would take from him again.
4.0 : Great recitation professor
4.5 : Dr. Stuber is a great teacher. He explains the material very well. He makes you want to learn the material. Class sometimes got bit boring ( almost every lecture :P) nevertheless you do not want to miss any lectures. Tests are the killer. They are very hard and on top of that Dr. Stuber grades them hardly.  But overall good teacher, good class.
5.0 : There could not be a more organized professor. 4310's material isn't easy, attend his office hours immediately if you get stuck. Falling behind in this class can hurt you, regardless or whoever teaches it. Start on the homework early, know it well. His tests are hard, but fair.  He's very approachable and kind - don't forget to ask him about NASA!
4.5 : She is great. The class is interesting, PHIL 3127, which I took at Oxford. She is helpful if you have questions, and is very clear.
5.0 : Interesting class about the philosophy behind different issues in healthcare; just do your readings for your specific papers, interact in class, take a few notes, and the class will be a breeze. Friends who werent in the class actually liked hearing about our in-class discussions. Definitely take the class with her if you can!
5.0 : Fantastic professor. Really wants you to learn and is very excited about the material. Tests mirror homework and you can exempt the final.
5.0 : Excellent. Very straightforward and fair tests. Not easy, but fair.
5.0 : You take 4 tests - if you average 88 or higher on them, you're exempt from the final. You get to drop your lowest exam grade otherwise. An A is an 85, but don't assume you'll get an A. Weekly turn-in homeworks can be tricky, and the nature of the class demands heavy memorization and a true understanding to ace the tests. Liotta himself is great.
4.0 : Grading scheme in his class makes it easy to get an A (final can be exempt, 1 test drop, 85 is an A, etc.). His lectures are based on powerpoint slides which are derived from the book, so attending lecture isn't particularly helpful since most of the class is memorization. He's often rude when answering questions, but sometimes tells funny jokes.
5.0 : Dr. Liotta is very straightforward about what it takes to succeed in his class. He is always open to questions and to helping students outside of class time even if it isn't during his office hours which is nice.
4.0 : Liotta is awesome- he makes it way easier to get an A than the other professors do. The tests are super straightforward because he emails out a list of the types of questions that will be tested. Also, the test questions are always very similar to the homework questions. This class obviously takes a lot of studying though.
4.5 : Only 1 homework assignment ever. Rarely gives tests, but they are very simple. Basically just read over the PowerPoints and you'll for sure get an A. He is super friendly and helpful. Would take another one of his classes again if I could.
5.0 : Awesome Teacher! There is mandatory most days but it is not bad. You can tell that he loves what he does and he is the Head of the IT department at Tech so why wouldn't you want to take IT from him. This was my favorite class of the year. It made me actually enjoy learning. This is a must take!!
5.0 : I like Niculescu more than I care to admit. He is a great guy and super helpful. I thought he was extremely clear.  You really can't do badly in this class unless you just don't try. He covers a lot of info and if you actually care about IT you really can learn a lot.
5.0 : The class itself is on the tougher-side as you learn a lot of information in such a short period of time. However, he really helps you understand the material and leave feeling like you have an IT minor. Overall Florin rocks and he really cares about his students and wants to see them succeed! His office hours are incredibly helpful! he rocks!
5.0 : Take him. He's a very, very good professor and lecturer. His class is so well structured to the point where it's not difficult to get an A, but you still learn the subject material easily. This is one of the best courses taught at Tech, trust me. You don't need the textbooks, just read the slides and you'll be fine. He's extremely helpful and nice.
5.0 : Go to class, pay attention, do the clicker questions..... You will pass if you do all of these things. Do not be afraid of a bad score on the first test. I scored a 60% on the first test and because of the grading scheme I was able to end the class with a 96% overall. Definitely  a great teacher to take if you're interested in the subject area.
5.0 : Pretty great professor. His test were pretty tough, but if you knew your material well, then you can succeed! Don't take all the extra credit and points you get from clicker questions for granted.
4.0 : A really knowledgable professor. I wasn't able to take advantage of his office hours but I still managed to get an A with low B's on both of my exam grades. Just do well on the homeworks, in-class clicker questions, and extra credit which is all manageable. He prints all the slides out and his exams are from the slides basically.
4.0 : He is a very vanilla professor, but do keep in mind he is a very fickle test grader. And in a class where the final is 40 percent of your grade. That can be a little alarming. But if you need to take AE 3030 and Yeung is one of your options, don't worry too much about signing up for him. It is a lot of work though. A lot.
3.0 : As someone else said, Yueng's grading is pretty fickle. To receive full credit, you must go to the moon and back because this man wants to see that you understand the content thoroughly. Merely providing the right answer is not enough. Go to class and take thorough notes because what he posts online can often be hard to understand.
5.0 : Very informal style class set up.  Lots of reading, but he is engaging and wants to see people do well.  If you go to him for help, he will help you do well.  This applies to all the classes he teaches.
4.5 : Very funny, very clear. Interesting subject matter.
4.5 : Rosenberger is the bomb! He's absolutely hilarious and a lot of fun. There were two tests, but he covered all the material in lecture (so make sure you go). There are weekly assignments given in recitation and as long as you put in some effort, you should have no problem getting an A. I'd highly recommend taking him for Ethics.
4.0 : Don't bother getting the textbook for 2340everything it has can be easily googled. 2340 is entirely group projects. Be sure to do the extra credit, our team pulled an 1+13 letter grade from extra credit alone (and it was fairly easy too). Be sure to set up a consistent group meeting, though. You do need to know how to code.
4.5 : One of the most enjoyable classes that I've had at Tech. Waters is very enthusiastic when he teaches, and he manages to teach object oriented design in a very fun way. Most of your grade is from a project, which isn't too difficult to develop, and most of the class is group work. LOADS of extra credit for extra implementation.
5.0 : Amazingly Waters was an army aviation colonel before going into academia. Super chill for a guy who used to fly UH-60s.
3.0 : Gives a lot of extra credit. Don't need to attend at lectures.
2.0 : Be ready for long and ridiculous hard home works.  He assume you know everything already and just taught theory in class. If you take him, be ready to study everything yourself.
5.0 : He was clear about what we needed to accomplish for the semester and was a nice grader.
5.0 : I had this guy for 1332, 2340, 3300... and another class, I forget which. He is a great teacher in lecture and very helpful one-on-one. He gets a sort of bad wrap sometimes because his courses are not obtusely and unneccesarily difficult like most other courses and GT and because CS1332 baffles some people.
5.0 : BAWB WATERS! Be ready to hear about helicopters and war stories whenever he's not teaching splay tree rotations. He's very concise in his explanations and a total sweetheart. He also wants you to succeed and offers a lot of extra credit on the form of projects
4.0 : The majority of the class is made up of group project that usually makes up over 60% of the total grade. There were three tests (including the final) that are over techniques used in good object oriented design. The professor teaches this material during lecture, and all the homework is made up of milestones towards the project.
4.0 : Class is very easy. There is a lot of extra credit opportunity and Professor Waters is very lenient. Lectures can be kind of boring and he does have pop quizzes which are just for attendance. (correctness doesn't matter). I recommend taking the class from him.
5.0 : Waters is the nicest professor I've ever had. The class is super easy given you have a group that wants to do well. His lectures are funny, interesting, and he is just a real gem. Emailed him and he bumped my participation grade. He's the greatest!!!
3.0 : Dr. Feigh was generally pretty helpful and understanding. That being said, her labs were usually pretty confusing and they often required a significant investment of time outside of class. Since most a lot of assignments are turned in at the end of class, attendance is absolutely 100% mandatory. Miss one class and you're down to a B.
4.0 : When teaching to the whole class she was a bit vague and left you in the dark, but if you talked to her individually Dr. Feigh was very helpful. That being said, she also assumed everyone knew more than we actually did and assigned homework without telling us how to do it then didn't go over it too in depth during class
5.0 : Great prof. Great at explaining material. Test takes most people the whole class to finish and abut challenging but overall learn a lot and also make funny comment as well
3.0 : The first test is easy and then they get increasingly difficult. You get cheat sheets on every test and on the final exam, which is optional. We had 3 tests and 6 quizzes (had an assessment every 2 weeks). He talks in run-on sentences and the textbook (that he wrote) has HORRIBLE grammar and run-ons to the point that you can't use it to learn.
4.0 : The textbook is the best way to prepare for tests even though you do not have to buy it. Some of the lectures can be boring unless you are in love with economics. Hunt has been through the business world and knows everything you could ever want to know about economics. Extra credit on all every test! If you pay attention in class and study easy A.
2.0 : In his lectures he overcomplicates things quite a lot. tests are relatively easy if you study a little.  book is terrible, not at all proofread.
3.5 : Easy class. His lectures can be complicated, but he is engaging and knowledgeable about economics. Can have 4 pages of notes on tests and the final is optional. He is very approachable and able to answer any questions you may have.
4.0 : Good and fair professor. Tough grader on exams,  small mistakes will cost you a letter grade, but he gives up to 12 pts of extra credit to your final grade. With recitation and in class questions making up a possible 8% of your grade attandence is recommended.
3.5 : Incredibly enthusiastic, loves his subject. Lectures are informative and entertaining. Stickler for doing homework and going to class, so be prepared to work. Learned a lot and learned it well.
4.5 : He told us in the first lecture that attendance and homework were essential to passing the class, and he was right. The resources are there if you're willing to use them. He's good about office hours-- the posted hours didn't work with my schedule, but he was always willing to make an alternate appointment. Overall, not easy, but enjoyable.
2.5 : Obviously knows what he's talking about, but most lectures are spent breaking down example problems with very little "lecturing". This teaching method works well for some but not all. Will help if you seek it.  Tests aren't too bad, and reading the textbook helps.  Lots of clicker questions as well, so attendance is required.
5.0 : Jarrio will definitely make you work for your grade, but he's a fantastic lecturer with a quirky personality and a passion for his work. Diligently keeping up with homework and practice exams is a must if you want to do well--if you put in effort, he will make physics your favorite class of the semester. I'm taking him again, looking forward to it!
4.5 : This guy is a great teacher and really cares.  He adds a little humor to the lecture that wears off as the term goes on but the effort is appreciated.  This is a hard class, but if you put in the work, there's no reason you can't do well.  Plan on attending lecture for "clicker points", the system is a little complicated but explained the first day
3.5 : Lectures are largely proofs which isn't super helpful on tests, but only if you've spent a lot of time doing homework to understand them. Honestly, had I not taken two years of AP physics, I'd be completely lost in his class. Also helps if you have taken Calc. II and III already because a strong knowledge of vectors and integrals is essential.
3.5 : Good professor. It is hard, but if you ask for help he is fantastic. Tests are difficult and there is constantly homework. Put aside some time every day for physics and everything is okay. Lectures are high-intensity and fast paced.
4.5 : Physics I classical is hard no matter who you take but Jarrio makes the tests so he is already the best option. His teaching is excellent, he drills the important concepts into your head so make sure to go to class. I wish more professors were as clear and straightforward as he was.
3.0 : Attend class and do the HW (even the supplemental). It's not an easy class, but if you do the aforementioned, the grading criteria is designed to give you a chance, even with a bad test grade. Lectures are generally good and sometimes entertaining (THWg!), though he is prone to tangents. Reading will help you in terms of class participation.
5.0 : Physics II is a very hard class in general, but Jarrio puts all the tough concepts into understandable English terms. He is very passionate about the subject and teaches you the problem solving process very well. Read the textbook before class, practice old multiple choice questions and FRQs, and pay attention in lecture and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Jarrio is a great professor and very passionate about the material. Phys2 at gatech is a challenging class, but there is almost a clear cut method for doing well(Atleast a C) and he gives you this guidelines like going to class, doing HW etc. Follow them and you should at least get a C. Beyond that you have to put in a little more effort.
3.5 : Dr. Jarrio is a good lecturer and makes class engaging. His tests are very hard and you have to put in a lot of work and effort to receive a decent grade in the class. But if you read the textbook and do the webassign  you will be fine.
4.5 : His lectures can be pretty confusing, so read the book and take notes!!! Make sure you're actually doing the homework and you understand how to do it. Also take all the extra credit opportunities and fill up your bucket. I loved going to his office hours because he worked with me through my questions and he is very approachable and wants to help!
4.0 : Pretty clear-cut from the very start. Do work, show up to class. Physics 1 is considered tough, and he is more or less par for the course.
4.0 : This course was very difficult for me, but Jarrio himself is good. His lectures give you the equations needed for hw. Office hours are a great resource, but come do prepared! He'll make you work yet entertain you while doing so. Exams are killer, but the old test bank is reeeally helpful. GET A STUDY GROUP.  Lecture doesn't focus on problem solving
3.0 : He is a very smart man and really knows his stuff but if it doesn't click with you he will make you feel stupid.  Tests are difficult but all straight from HW or recitation problems (doesn't make em easy though). Class is necessary (you need the clicker points) and you'll use the text book a lot but don't expect to get a whole lot out of it.
5.0 : Best physics professor at gatech in my opinion. It's not an easy class but if you keep with the HW, attend lecture, and practice the concepts there is no reason for you not to do well in this class. If you truly want to learn physics this is the professor to take.
3.5 : Like others have said, lecture is mostly proofs, which are hard to follow at times. The issue with Physics at Tech, at least for me, is not the professors, but the way the class is structured. I rarely felt much cohesiveness between what was being taught in lecture, recitation, and what was being asked on the homework and tests.
4.0 : He has really entertaining lectures. You should read before class to be able to follow him in class. He is very helpful during his office hours. The class is tough.
5.0 : he's literally the best professor for my whole year. the lectures are clear, he knows exactly what's tricky for students. those who thinks he's not a good professor should take a AE course just for compare.
5.0 : People hate him for being very smart and passionate because those people themselves are stupid and apathetic about things. Dr. Jarrio is a brilliant, passionate instructor that has 20+ years of experience teaching the class. He has some of the best lectures and hardest tests. Highly recommend if you're a passionate learner.
4.5 : Jarrio is a very good lecture-giver. He is a little tough, but you will really learn the material if you put in a good effort.
5.0 : The best professor/teacher i've had in all my years of schooling. He knows exactly what he's talking about and what is tricky. His office hours are the most helpful ones I've ever gone to, and his love for teaching and students is unparalleled to any other teacher I've met. May seem unapproachable, but the nicest professor ever in reality.
5.0 : Probably my favorite class at Tech. It's problem solving masked as e/mag. Just do the HW and go to class (he's honestly pretty entertaining dude). He definitely has high expectations for students which is refreshing.
5.0 : Jarrio is undoubtedly one of the most knowledgable and passionate professors you will take at Tech. Despite, the challenging material, you will enjoy every lecture because he explains material with clarity, even attempting a joke here and there and often does experiments to showcase the topics of the class. Really just a great person all around
5.0 : He's an excellent teacher, but makes you work to do well. Does a lot of very hard clicker questions, but really drills home the key ideas. Very nitpicky, so be careful on tests. Go to every class, pay attention, do as much HW as you can &amp; buck up on your symbolic algebra &amp; you should be OK. Prior physics experience will go a long way in this class.
5.0 : Dr. Jarrio is great. He clearly states what it takes to succeed in his class, and the tests are weighted so that your worst is 6% and best is 18%. I did the homework and bonus assignments and read the next section before going to that lecture, and it really helped. I finished with over a 100, making an 89 on the first test. Take him!
5.0 : Really, really awesome teacher. He's the head of the physics department and he only teaches the intro class, and I think that's cool. He certainly won't make it easy for you, but he cares about you and your grade, and he's very clear as to what it takes to get what you want.
3.0 : Be sure to read the book before you go to class or else his lectures will be tough to follow.  Do all the homework and make sure you really understand the bonus homework before the exams and you will get at least a B.
4.0 : Physics at Georgia Tech is hard regardless of who you take, but Jarrio is a good professor. Attendance is a MUST but makes lectures as fun as he can. Always willing to help &amp; answer questions, but he &amp; his TAs are tough/nitpicky with how he grades your tests and recitations. If you do all extra credit and homework he's known to round grades too.
4.0 : Jarrio is a great lecturer and he is extremely passionate about the subject and teaching. He is also genuinely interested in your success in the class. If you read the text, do all of the homework, and go to class there is no reason why you won't do well.
2.0 : I spent the most time and effort on practicing the concepts for this class for my grade not to reflect my efforts. Didn't understand his lectures as he would often go on tangents and write stuff on the board and explain too quickly/skip over explanation. Clicker questions are difficult but reading the book helps. A lot of time spent on homework
5.0 : Excellent professor; his lectures are always enjoyable and intriguing. Be ready to work, though. This is a difficult class that is made better by having a professor like Jarrio. He cares about his students and does his best to help everyone succeed. Attend class, read the book if you need it, do the homework. 10/10 would take again!
5.0 : Amazing professor, if you have to take physics take it with him. Entertaining lectures and really helps you learn the material. Also very fair with grading. He asks super hard clicker questions but that helps you make sure you don't make that mistake again and drills home important concepts.
3.0 : Dr. Jarrio taught everything in class as clearly as it gets in a large lecture hall. The homework and tests were nonstop and I was sustained mostly by in-depth readings of the textbook. Definitely do your homework early (extra 2%!) and read the textbook, preferably before class. Get ready for lots of clicker questions, too.
3.5 : Great teacher. Failing this class was completely my fault. I honestly learned a lot in his class, but you HAVE to go to lectures. He can be arrogant at times and if you haven't taken Physics before you will struggle, but there is PLENTY of help available. He is usually more approachable in his office hours, but let him know if you don't understand.
4.0 : Great Professor overall. I felt like he lectures well, and really devoted his time in office hours and making students feel like they are able to receive help. Tests were challenging across all PHYS2211 classes, and Jarrio could be picky about applying certain concepts and showing it in your work on tests. DO YOUR HOMEWORK EARLY for extra credit.
4.0 : I have taken IB Physics SL with a solid professor, and this class made me work to the bitter end. For Dr. Jarrio you need to sit up front for and take notes, go to him for help on HW and read. Tests ask for a lot in short time, get good at algebraic manipulations with letters only, and get extra time if you need. Jarrio is hard at first but fun.
5.0 : GT needs more professors like Prof. Burns. She is tough but very straightforward in lecture and fair in grading. It is clear that her primary goal is to make sure we learn the material, and she helps in any way she can. Engineering economy is tough but SO useful and her lectures make it clear, so don't skip class. Thank you, Prof. Burns!
5.0 : Professor Burns is definitely one of the best profs I've had at Tech so far. She's very knowledgeable, breaks concepts down well, tries her best to make lectures engaging, is invested in her students, and is somewhat harsh but fair in grading (but she also curves). If you have her for 3000 expect a lot of writing
4.5 : Makes the course more interesting. Great professor to talk to about grad school.
5.0 : Great professor. Very interested in student success and fair tests. Attendance recommended because you learn a lot in class but non mandatory. Homework comes from the textbook and she shows on her powerpoints which problems are relevant to what example so it can be solved
5.0 : He is a great professor, young and friendly. Never shows arrogance nor does torment you with abstract math. Although I sometimes couldn't understand his lectures due to his accent I go back and watched lectures again, which made so much sense. Prepares you well for the quizzes and exams. Expect 4 quizzes, a midterm and a final that aren't too hard.
5.0 : Good Professor, many exams but learnt a lot at the end of the course.
5.0 : By far my favorite professor I've had at Tech. His lectures are interesting, and he genuinely cares about students. I've taken several of his classes, and he consistently gives about 50 pages of reading HW per class for the first half of the semester and then only assigns movies for the second half. He's a hard grader, but he wants you to succeed.
5.0 : Incredibly engaging, very helpful, and very funny.  Probably my favorite professor at Tech.
4.0 : Santesso has a really fun lecture style. He's pretty current and is a funny guy. He's very clear about expectations and is really good with feedback. He is a pretty harsh grader. Forget everything you've ever learned about writing and get ready to learn how to write his way. He makes you work for your grade, but if you try you'll make an A.
5.0 : Santesso is by far the most amazing professor I have ever had. All of his lectures are entertaining and enlightening. I walk away from his classes feeling like I've learned something valuable, but I never feel like he tries to make things more difficult than they need to be. He's funny and incredibly knowledgeable!
5.0 : One of the best profs I've had. He's gotten rid of the pop quizzes and gone to announced quizzes, which are easy if you've done the reading. Really engaging lectures and discussions, and he's a hilarious guy. He's a tough grader on essays (doesn't give out A's easily) but that just makes you write better. Very fair grader on final project.
5.0 : Great professor- probably one of the best I've taken here. Makes the lectures interesting, unlike many of the LMC/humanities professors. Lots of reading, but usually skimming it is enough to do fine on the quizzes. If I needed another humanities credit, I'd take another course he taught.
4.0 : Seitzman is heavily involved administratively, academically, and and professionally (through research) with the AE department. Will guide students, but won't hold their hand. Be prepared to show you are working hard and creatively. Straightforeward, accessible, and a little intimidating.
5.0 : Seitzman is a great professor. He's excited about the material and genuinely wants his students to understand the material. Homeworks are time intensive (about 40 hours a week) but the class is great! If you put in the effort you'll know your stuff for sure. Exams are based on conceptual knowledge of coursework and hw.
5.0 : Dr. Sietzman is very enthusiastic. Be prepared to interact because he's big on participation. If you don't read this class will suck. You also NEED to have the pre-recs otherwise you won't be able to understand what's going on. His exams are heavily weighted on conceptual knowledge learned through homeworks. Be prepared to work 40hrs/wk.
5.0 : Great professor. Popcorns a bit in class and can come across as intimidating, but very helpful and accessible. Good lectures, fair homework, fun class.   Great hottiness.
4.5 : Good
5.0 : Great professor for dynamics, very clear and helpful, and very straightforward lectures. Tests were average difficulty.
5.0 : My best teacher in undergrad/grad, hands down.  Very helpful, knowledgeable, and clear in teaching.  Respects students, and students respect him.  However, homeworks take time, and it is not an easy class.  However, he gives you all of the tools you need (as is always helpful during office hrs) to succeed.
5.0 : Tough class, but Dr. Ferri made it really enjoyable to learn dynamics.  The guy knows the material like the back of his hand.  Top 3 professors I have had at Tech for sure.  Really awesome guy outside of class.  I've heard he's an important figure in the ME school, as well.
5.0 : Nasty course, bur Dr. Paty made it survivable, but you have got to be prepared to do the work, otherwise you will get chewed up if you fall behind. She is willing to help students, but there has to be a reason, she is not here to give you an A unless you put in the work.
4.5 : I agree with the other reviewers. He makes the class interactive and interesting. The large amount of work is good: doing all the homework is almost sufficient "study times" for the class. Tests and worksheets can be tricky but if you pay attention in class and review every so often, you'll do well.
4.0 : In Yamaguchi-sensei's class, you will definitely learn Japanese. A bit strict at times and kind of loud, he takes a bit of getting used to at the beginning of the semester, but you'll appreciate his sense of humor eventually.
2.5 : As of now, I can say that he is the worst professor I've had. I was incredibly interested in taking Japanese when I came here. Thanks solely to Y., I want to forget everything I learned. He completely ruined my interest. The only time he laughs is when people make mistakes. If you do take him, read the syllabus to see what counts for what
5.0 : The textbook is online and free. The professor is very enthusiastic about his job and you will learn japanese very well, but you will have to work hard for it. This includes lots of studying before the lecture since he does expect you to do so. This also means he moves fast. There is a quiz or test almost everyday but they are easy if you study
4.0 : He moves quickly in class, and participation is required. Attendance is for a grade.
4.0 : Great professor. Homeworks are harder than tests meaning they prepare you well for the exams. I had a easier time in 2051 with Randall than my peers in 2050. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : 2051 is harder than 2050, yet easier to get an A in (if that makes sense). She doesn't post weights on the syllabus because at the end she looks at everything and weighs it in your favor. Lectures and HW are great prep for tests, and tests are things you've seen before. Material is hard but if you're taking honors you should know it's going to be.
5.0 : Great Professor!
5.0 : Mr. Shook is the best! Take this class! Very funny and approachable professor!  He cooks well too!
3.0 : Dr. Shook is a good teacher that cares about his students, but his grading scale is skewed. On HW assignments, you could either receive a 50 or a 100. Notes are often times rushed and his explanations aren't always super clear, but he is willing to work with you if you need help.
4.5 : The best Systems professor at Tech. Gives harder tests than other professors but trains you better for them.
5.0 : This guy is awesome. Lectures are clear, and uploaded to tsquare. HW and exams are all from lectures, no surprises. Even has review sessions! He is enthusiastic when he is teaching. No brainer pick imo.
3.5 : Nader is a good professor. Take him, do the HW(they are really longggg), find someone's old test to prepare for tests. Main advice would be to invest in a ti-89 calculator for doing all those partial fractions, magnitudes and phase angles. You would be surprised at how much time you save especially in a test situation. In class quizzes are annoying
5.0 : Attendance and participation is mandatory. If you read all of the case studies you should be fine. The class if fun because it is a constant discussion about a case or a topic. Easy to understand. There is only 2 exams: A midterm and the final. and there is also a group project.
5.0 : Dr. Thio is my favorite professor in the chemical engineering department. Nice guy.
5.0 : Dr. Thio is an incredible professor. He is crystal clear with expectations in the course, gives good, pertinent examples and really wants you to succeed in the course. His grading is fair, and while he gives a fair bit of work, he makes him self extremely accessible and is always willing to help you in whatever way possible. TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Great Professor, knows subject really well and you will learn a lot in this class. Now this is a 3 credit hour class but the work load is equivalent to like 7 hours. 2 tests in class during test week, plus group take home test. you will read a TON in this class. must show up to class to pass and everything is done in groups, good experience
4.0 : I had him for the intro to nuclear class, and I hear his teaching is similar in other courses.  He is into a progressive style of teaching.  Big on groups (even tests are done in group).  The homeworks are tedious and different (diagrams and strict rubrics), but good for understanding.  There are quizzes over the reading.
4.5 : Dr. Deo is the man. He is a pretty clear lecturer, despite a small accent. You get participation points for attendance and there's lots of very relevant, yet still pretty easy homework to boost your grade. He is a simply fantastic professor.
4.5 : Teaches the material well and ensures you really understand it. Incredibly fair.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at Georgia Tech. I recommend him to all of my friends for statics. He teaches the material very well and throws in a few jokes as well. Class only had two tests and a final worth 40%, but they were fairly straight forward. Only complaint is he was very busy out of class, but he tried to make time if you did as well.
5.0 : Lots of HW, but most of it comes from the book like all the lectures so if you get it then you should do well on all HW's. Partial credit is extremely easy to get on exams and it almost seemed like he didn't check the final answers when grading the exams. I never paid attention in lecture and got a high A in the class easily. Show up and pass.
4.5 : Dr. Harkey was an easygoing, very engaging teacher that made my English class actually enjoyable to be in. The relaxed atmosphere he created allowed me to feel comfortable speaking my honest thoughts and opinions. He is obviously passionate about his profession and that showed in his teaching style.
4.0 : Dr. Harkey really cares about his students. He takes time to answer any question you may have, and lets the class lead itself for the most part so we got a lot out of every topic. You don't ever have huge chunks of reading at once, so it was manageable yet pushes you to dive deeper because you really cover things in detail. I strongly recommend!
4.0 : Dr. Harkey is one of the most genuine teachers here.He invests himself entirely into the class,&amp; sees us more as colleagues in exploring our world than charges for whom he is responsible.His eloquence with quotidian matters encourages dialogue of text material as well.Lucky are the students in his next class!
4.5 : Dr. Harkey is so helpful with any question you ever have. He assigns small chunks of reading rather than like 100 pages over a weekend, so you can discuss in further detail and guide the discussion to whatever the students feel like analyzing. He is really caring and taught me so much! With effort you'll make an A
4.0 : What an awesome professor! I learned so much, and everything was engaging and thought-provoking. I loved class discussions facilitated by him as well as the different ways he presented information and the different types of projects we worked on. I would highly recommend Dr. Harkey; you will see that his class is enjoyable and enlightening!
4.0 : I visited Dr. H's office hours, and I walked away seeing a teacher truly interested in his students and  wowed by the literature. Dr. H wanted to know what I was interested in and what I valued, and in return he suggested materials to help my growth. And on "vagueness", Dr.H did not give outlines, he gave choice and encouraged thoughtful products.
4.0 : Dr. Harkey's class really grew on me and he was very good at directing and contributing to directions. A wonderful literature professor.
4.0 : Dr. Harkey was a pretty awesome professor. His passion and enthusiasm for not only the material, but also his students, were evident every time he stepped in the classroom. The assignments were challenging and unlike anything I had ever done before. But I GREATLY enjoyed the projects and papers, and will truly miss his class.
4.5 : Dr. Harkey's choice of stories/poems/vids/etc is unlike what you'd be exposed to in other English classes and really allows for students to gain a new perspective and a better, more well-rounded understanding of the topic at hand. The discussions we had in class were engaging, informative, and eye-opening, by far one of my favorite classes at Tech.
4.5 : Professor Harkey is hands down my favorite professor to date. He is invested in his classes and genuinely cares about his students. He provided new insight and perspectives. I never enjoyed English until his class, and I enjoyed going to class every day.
2.5 : Cleger means well, and you can feel it... The classes he teaches though are absolute bullsh*t, and everyone knows it. As such, the assignments are quite convoluted. He is there to help, but really the whole affair of pretending to learn is exhausting. If he likes you though, easy A... take someone else, or take it at your own risk.
5.0 : I took Smart Cities in Latin America &amp; Spain with Cleger. It was difficult at first because he really expects you to participate and speak frequently. Once you warm up to the class, it becomes a lot of fun. He puts a lot of effort into lecture - we built apps, rode electric bikes, and tried virtual reality glasses. 10/10 would take the class again
4.0 : He's a good professor, and will like you if you participate in the daily discussions. This course covers a lot of really easy concepts/themes from high school english, just in Spanish, so it's not difficult content. There's readings for every class, and several essays. If you do well on the first exam, you don't have to take the second one.
5.0 : Dr. Uelzmann is easily the best german teacher I have had. I had been taking german for 6 years when I started 2001. I took that to get an easy A. However, Dr. Uelzmann challenged me and turned me into a better student. He also was very sympathetic to the fact that I had mono. He really cares for his students and his class content. Take Uelzmann!
5.0 : The class I took, about post war German literature, was really interesting. I'm not much of a literature or reading person, so believe me when I say that this class was really fun and very interesting. Take it if you can.
1.5 : Genuinely seems like he does not care about his students. Have a death in the family and need an excused absence? "see the syllabus. I do not accept excuses". Claims that his lectures pertain to the exams. They dont. Read the book cause his "teaching" is useless. You know the kind of teacher he is when attendance is mandatory...
5.0 : He's passionate about what he teaches. Really made me interested in what he had to say.
2.5 : I thought Rubinoff was alright. A lot of people say he is the best at Georgia Tech but there are a lot of teachers like him. He is a very intelligent lecturer, but he goes over the material too fast. He also doesn't use any sort of PowerPoint so it is difficult to know what concepts are going to be covered on the test.
5.0 : Professor Rubinoff is one of Georgia Tech's best!  Great lectures and he wants students to be successful.  Show up prepared for class and you'll have no problems.
5.0 : A great introduction to the art of algorithm. Although attendance is not required, Furst's lecture is very helpful, and teaches things that cannot be explained in a textbook. He makes sure to explain the process of inspirationally generate a new algorithm as well as the concrete proof of the algorithm. I will recommend this course to others.
5.0 : Absolutely wonderful professor. Always very helpful and did his best to make sure that everybody understood the points he made. Very open to feedback and willing to be lenient on the exams. If you show up to class, pay attention, and do the homework, you shouldn't have any problems.
5.0 : Koppe is an excellent teacher. She was one of my best German teachers at Georgia Tech. She speaks clearly so that you can understand her. I would love to have her for another class.
5.0 : Incredible lecturer! Always gives clear handouts that explain everything!
5.0 : I took him for CS 4001, which is an ethics class, so this might not apply to his engineering classes, but he was great. Lectures were fun and very engaging. He made his expectations for tests and assignments very clear. Great class.
4.5 : Great professor.  Quizzes and homework every week, but not too time consuming.  What is explained in proofs in lecture is covered better in recitation if needed.  Gives practice problems for tests that prepare you well.  Tests are difficult but very fair!  Highly recommended!
5.0 : Seriously one of the best math profs at Tech. Lecture is useful; he does a really good job of explaining. His tests are hard though, the first test had a class avg of like a 55 so watch out. If you pay attention and study, you can definitely get an A. He replaces one test with the grade you get on the final.
4.5 : Engaging, funny lecturer who explains the material well. The tests were hard but fair.
4.0 : His voice is that of Gru from Despicable Me. He is clear.
4.0 : Class is useful, learned everything there. Quizzes every week but those are basic and easy for the most part. Tests are fair, mainly solving and little theory. Homework is online but you get unlimited tries so easy 100 for that.
5.0 : He's a huge goofball. Tests were pretty tough but he provides a lot of exam prep material and only tests on material he's covered. Office hours are helpful and he's generous with your grade as long as you're showing effort. Don't skip class, and go to recitation/office hours for extra help. Overall really solid
4.5 : Dr. Blekherman is great - his lectures are more clear and understandable than most at Tech. Office hours are important, and he will explain concepts even more clearly. Tests can be rough, but if you study using materials he gives, you can do well.  He also added 12% onto one of my midterm grades because it was graded too harshly.  Would recommend!
4.5 : Overall, an amazing professor. The reviews that he provides before the exams are very similar to the test questions. If you do those by yourself and understand the method behind your work you will get an A hands down. He is very professional and seems like a nice dude. One of the best professors I've had at Tech.
3.0 : Tests were not too hard, basically covering what we learned in class.  However, the final exam was all new material, nothing we had covered.  Had A's on all tests and got a 63 on the final  (class average was about 50) to end with a B.  No curve.
5.0 : One of the best math professors I have taken. If you like proofs/theory, take his advanced classes. He is fair, but still presents challenging material and expects you to know it. His lectures are really great, and he is very helpful when responding to questions.
4.0 : Really funny and cool guy and very thorough in lectures. His reviews are almost the same as his tests. The biggest downfall is that he does not give you answers to his reviews, so I recommend starting early and trying to get help in office hours if you don't understand ANYTHING in the slightest and form a study group to help check your answers!
4.0 : Class attendance counts as 3% of grade. Class is useless though. Lectures are kind of boring. Easy teacher. Tests are easy if you do the labs and understand the basics of it. Grades pretty easy too but its hard to get a 100 but not hard to get an A.
5.0 : I am really enjoying Dr Decker's class so far. He has lots of student participation and everyone seems engaged. He is easy to listen to.
5.0 : I just finished my first semester in a graduate DPT program. Dr. Decker's human anatomy course saved me. I found myself teaching others in my class. I will never forget "skunkus in my uncus" highly recommend him for any class.
5.0 : I had Professor Decker for human anatomy. I can honestly say I walked away from the class with a greater understanding of human anatomy that I will certainly take with me to medical school. He was extremely knowledgeable, caring and went above and beyond most teachers at GT. Take Dr. Decker if you plan on going to  grad school.
4.5 : I did bad on my first quiz. However If u spend the whole afternoon before each test you will easily get an A. Just study from the power points and memorize them by hear. I aced the remaining tests easily. Don't even buy the book. Just buy the access code online which contains an online version of the book.
5.0 : Professor Decker was very knowledgeable in human anatomy. He took what could have been a very dry and boring subject  and brought it to life with many clinical examples. He made the course very relevant if you are going into a health professional field, like med school.  I will be taking him for APPH 1040 when he teaches it next.
4.5 : Very funny, very clear. Class in general is not the most exciting but he definitely makes it better.
5.0 : Dr. Decker is a great instructor. He teaches everything you need to know in a very clear &amp; precise manner. You'll need the book for the online quizzes. But his tests come directly from his ppts and lectures. He makes the lectures interesting with stories and facts from his past. Attend lectures because he'll give you answers for the tests.
5.0 : Dr. Decker is a great lecturer and a great guy. The tests were a little difficult, though, especially for APPH 1040. But I would take the class over again just for the lectures. You can really tell that he is passionate about the subject, and it rubs off on his students.
5.0 : Dr. Decker is an amazing anatomist. The class is so relevant if you are going to graduate school, medical, dental, PT, etc... His lectures are clear, to the point and engaging. You never want to miss class. He has been my favorite professor so far at GT. highly recommend!!
3.0 : I took this class in the summer and the lectures were really long. There were only 2 exams and contained a lot of information to memorize. I wished Dr. Decker would take his time to explain the material rather than skip some of the major topics that are on the exams.
1.0 : I took this over the summer. So much material crammed in to such little time. Was a total of 6 or 7 lectures at 3 hours each. If you can, just take it during a full semester.
4.5 : He's really helpful outside class. The class is pretty easy and he does problems similar to the exams in class so do attend all classes. He usually gives a lot of extra credit towards the end of the semester - really useful if you're on the border. I highly recommend taking him for this class. His explanations are clear.
5.0 : Brilliant Professor, the course material is so extensive that if taken seriously the student will be ready to take up any compiler related work in the industry.
5.0 : Great teacher. Definitely has a passion of English, and I really enjoyed her class. Not much textbook based, but more interested in expanding understanding of English and abstract thinking. Lots of projects and reading, but most of it is very interesting.
4.5 : One of the best professors I have had at GT. She is really easy and really nice.
3.0 : Take her. Best legal aspects professor at Tech hands down. Her tests aren't too hard if you know the material. One of the tests is a gimme. Attendance is mandatory.
5.0 : Profesor Butler is a bad ass. Make sure you ask her quesrions becasue she has a lot of experience and has made me want to go to law school. She is by far my favorite teacher. Make sure you go to class. All her tests are over her powerpoints which she puts online. She is the best.
5.0 : Dr. Butler is an amazing professor and this course is very relevant to her work and the business world. Her assignments are challenging but not overwhelming, there are lots of amazing guest speakers covering very interesting current topics, and her tests are very fair. Participation and attendance matter a lot, but I don't see why you wouldn't come
3.5 : Lectures are very boring. I counted one day and half the class was asleep. Even though the lectures are boring the test are not to bad. She gives you everything you need to make an A on 2 of the 3 test plus the final. Overall the class is not to bad. If you don't mind going to class this is a good option.
5.0 : Professor Butler is such a kind and caring woman. She has incredible life experience in the field of Law so she contributes a lot of great stories and real-life examples. Her tests are very straight forward and she is open to student feedback on assignments. She can tend to ramble and get off topic but overall a good lecturer.
4.5 : I truly enjoyed Professor Butler's class. The class is participation/show up to class based, so make sure you get those easy attendance points. Make sure you do the practice exams before the tests, usually the questions from those make it on to the actual test.
5.0 : Great Teacher, she gave the class the opportunity to retake an exam that had a low test avg and let us use the book.  Go to class and use the practice exams to study. Never really read the book.
4.5 : Boring material, but overall a good teacher.  Five homework assignments, all very straight forward.  Class is mandatory, but as long as you go and pay attention the tests are straight forward.  Good teacher, most material is common sense.
4.0 : Best professor you will ever have. Nice, smart, beautiful, inspirational. He makes you want to be a better person.
5.0 : By far the best teacher you will ever have at Georgia Tech.  He cares so much about his students, and does whatever it takes in class to keep you happy.  Very straight forward, and shows how much he cares for his student.  Ive been here 4 years and he is BY FAR the best teacher I've had. If you can take him for any class, you should.
5.0 : Wonderful Professor
4.0 : I'm pretty quiet, so at first this class was intimidating since he expects participation. However, I really love the way he teaches the literature we've studied and he's also pretty funny. He gives lots of good feedback.
4.5 : Ippolito is the most chill professor I've had yet here at Tech. He is very clear about what he expects in his class. The only homework is due roughly twice a month online and is not difficult. He is a big advocate for spoken French and getting you to use the skills you learn, but essays are not difficult, tests are straightforward, and he's funny.
5.0 : This course was broad and ranges from device limitations to system limitations. Dr Naeemi was amazing at getting concepts across to students of different backgrounds within electronics, and the transitions felt very smooth. This was the best course I took at Gatech until date- mainly cause of the teaching style. I strongly recommend this experience
5.0 : Wonderful professor, he made me revisit concepts I already knew in an original way.
4.0 : Prof. Magnus is an inspirational and a passionate lecturer. This course is an amazing opportunity to get a grasp of a an emerging control systems research area. Multi-agent network control.
4.0 : fun; appropriate homework (difficulty and quantity). Great lecture! Even I already knew almost all the materials before taking this course, I still find it fun. Plus, his insight give me a different view point on this subject.
4.0 : Great teacher, tons of enthusiasm! Very difficult. Did not seem quite as relevant in real life as ECE 6554 Optimal Control, but was a great class and I definitely learned a ton! Would recommend!
5.0 : Dr. Neitzel is a really great professor! He is passionate about the material, truly loves teaching, and is willing to put forth some extra effort to help students if they are struggling; however, they must be willing to first put in the effort themselves in order to learn the material and succeed. I wish that every professor taught like him.
5.0 : Best professor I've had at Tech so far.
5.0 : Dr. Neitzel is awesome. This is the only ME class that I need to take and I'm glad I took with him. He is really good at teaching and he made everything really clear. I will definitely recommend him. Weekly quizzes are kind of pain, but you can really learn things from studying every week. His office hours are really really helpful.
4.0 : He's very knowlegdable on the subject of International relations and does a great job teaching it! He's pretty funny too, in my opinion at least. The only caveat is that he had us read about 3 to 6 chapters a week and the matterial is not easy stuff.
5.0 : Jarrod Hayes is one of those professors that just gets you. He understands that you, as a student, just want a good grade and will work hard for one. He's a straight-shooter, who gives you all the tools required to pass right from the get-go. He'll make the lectures fun and interesting, and he's got a lot of funny jokes to tell. 1010
5.0 : In a school comprised predominantly of engineers, he really does a great job making you interested in a subject that, in all honestly, we are all forced to take. Great lecturer. Doesn't drone on. He's willing to help you if you show that you're putting in the effort
4.5 : Cool class! Play Name That Frequency!
5.0 : Very good teaching - also very hot professor!
3.0 : Tests and quizzes are extremely hard.
5.0 : Great professor absolutely no complaints about her. Very nice and good at explaining concepts. Thermodynamics isn't a walk in the park, but her tests are OKAY difficulty, and she grades VERY fairly giving plenty of partial credit if you don't get answer. Those homeworks are rough if you have no help.
4.0 : She was a good professor nothing great nothing awful. HW every week. She also goes out of town for meetings once a month. Tests are fair and nothing out of the ordinary for a Thermo class.
5.0 : Dr. Saleh is one of the best professors I've ever had. He goes above and beyond to help the student understand the material, and gives plenty of example in the lecture slides and office hours. If you put the work in, you will learn a lot. His lectures are amazing, but require a lot of attention to be paid.
4.0 : Professor Saleh is awesome. He does a great job of explaining and breaking down stuff much better than the textbook and most other professors I have taken. Buying a textbook is not required since he provides such detailed notes. He also makes himself available for office hours and is there for his students.
4.5 : Outstanding professor! Notes are very detailed and clear. Attendance is optional, but he will notice if you're gone and it's not good! Drops your lowest test grade, and does a few graded homeworks. Final was non-cumulative. He's very, very strict about assignments and integrity, so be careful. Otherwise a very good, passionate teacher!
5.0 : Great
5.0 : My advisor soon will be my phd advisor, best professor and mentor, greatest person never met before. He is a philosopher, thinker and educator. Care about his students like his own children. If you do you work and work hard, he will be the best partner to work with. So far coauthored 3 papers with him. He's the best without doubt!
4.5 : I love Dr. Spann! I don't like English in general but she made the class fun and interesting (it was about philosophy and mimicry, which may sound boring, but it's actually quite cool).  There's very little homework, and the work that you do get is usually to read an article or browse the internet.   Gives extensions often but grades slowly.
4.5 : Hated English in HS but Dr. Spann made it an interesting class and was a very understanding grader. Loved the class and thought she was hilarious!
5.0 : Nice professor with genuine interest in the class.  Easy to learn from.
4.0 : She has a heavy curve and gives extra credit. Make sure you write down the answers to the clicker questions; studying them is a good way to prepare for exams. Her class is boring, but she explains things well. Clicker questions are part of the grade. She explicitly states she doesn't test on anything she doesn't talk about in lecture.
3.0 : during lectures he would often skip steps leaving me clueless; weekly quizzes are very difficult and solutions for homeworks are never posted. This has been my hard class at Tech so far
4.0 : He is a good lecturer, I really enjoyed learning in his class. But his exams are so poorly created, the do not reflect the work you have done in the class. I have never taken a class that is graded so harshly.
5.0 : Best professor ever at Tech. So clear and confident of his topic and very inspiring. taking his integrated class next semester
5.0 : Lectures were off powerpoints, along with back and forth discussion between students and professor. No electronics allowed. Extremely knowledgeable of the topic and very inspirational. Projects were models of concepts taught in class, coded in C with skeleton code provided. Tests were fair and similar to old tests he had given out. Definitely take.
5.0 : The labs are 40% of the grade. 2 tests + final each at 20% each. The final was given as "do no harm". You should make an A on all of the labs. The results you should receive are given, and you can compare. The prof is a very accomplished researcher and engineer and gives great lectures.
4.5 : English is a crappy subject in general but she is a great teacher. She respects the fact that most of her students are just taking her class for credit. All you need to do is put a decent effort forward and you will get a good grade.
4.5 : Professor Orth-Veillon is a really helpful and sweet professor. It's also really easy to get an A in her class with next to no effort. She assigned a lot of reading, but that was balanced out by very few other assignments. Definitely ask her to look over your rough draft before turning it in. She also lets you resubmit essays for a higher grade.
4.5 : Prof Wills was great for 2035. Sometimes she can be a little scattered during lectures but she is very intelligent and knows what she is doing. If you don't understand something in class she is very approachable during office hours and will help you. The projects can be difficult, but some involve extra credit. Tests can be tricky. Study study.
4.0 : Very good lecturer. May get confusing at times bc she is very passionate about the content and knows it well. More than willing to help you after class. Content is difficult. Study hard. Start homework and projects early, and use Piazza. Never misses class. Attendance is mandatory to pass, bc online resources don't explain it all &amp; text is useless.
5.0 : A genuine teacher with a very kind heart. She actually increased class size pre-semester to accommodate me (an international student) who could not register early, took personal interest to ask why I did marginally in the beginning of the semester and gave extra credit just to emphasize the fact that I completed the projects by myself. A+ prof.
5.0 : Dr. Kakeu is so amazing  and willing to help his students understand the material. With his background in mathematics, he can so easily explain the economics and business concepts.  He will support you to achieve your outside goals if it matters to your career and success. He is so AWESOME
2.5 : Probably the most difficult class you will take. He is brutal when it comes to grading, but very friendly during class and group sessions. Many times, he asks questions without much structure, but expects answers with complete structure. I recommend skipping his notes altogether and reading the book for topics he covers in his notes.
5.0 : Dr. Ethier is a demanding prof, but also an amazing instructor who is deeply passionate about the course material. Biotransport is definitely a tough course, but Dr. Ethier makes the course worthwhile. Study hard, do lots of practice problems, ask for help, and you should be fine.
5.0 : *Fantastic* professor. Excellent at commanding attention in large lectures and is incredibly helpful during PSS sessions. If you take 3310, take it with him.
5.0 : Had him in Fall '12 in his first semester at Tech.  Definitely one of the best teachers I've had here.  His courses are very structured.  Definitely attend class and print out the notes beforehand.  He goes over the notes and adds additional content during lectures for you to jot down.  Study the class notes and build good cheat sheets for an A.
5.0 : Labs are pretty easy and don't require the full 3 hours. You can best prepare for the tests by reading the slides and previous tests. No textbook necessary. Some chapters are interesting, others aren't. I would definitely recommend this class overall.
3.0 : EAS2600 is MEMORIZATION.  If you have a photographic memory, you'll ace the class easily.  Otherwise, BRACE YOURSELF.  The labs are stupidly easy.  Memorizing lecture notes is important, as is knowing everything on his practice exams.  I wouldn't say the textbook is really important, unless if you don't understand basic geological concepts.
3.0 : He is very excited about the material and his lectures are semi-helpful. His PowerPoints are very poorly crafted and difficult to study from.  He provides practice tests and there is a lot of question reuse. However, the tests are meaningless and cover very odd and specific material. Be prepared to memorize a lot of little things if you want an A.
4.0 : All you have to do to study for his tests is take 2-3 practice tests. So many of the questions are re-used that if you just memorize the material from previous exams you're going to do fine. Labs are super easy, just show up and you'll make the grade. Relatively easy A if you're good at memorizing
4.5 : Professor Ingall is such a nice guy, and he is very passionate for what he teaches. His lectures are not the most exciting, but occasionally he will crack a few jokes. His tests are full of old test questions, so if you study the old exams, you will get As on his tests.
4.0 : This class is somewhere between a 3 and a 4 on easiness. I loved this class. He is a very kind man and loves his field of study. I learned a lot. He posts all his old test to study and the majority of each test are the same questions. Most people had an 88 average in the class. You can also drop one of your tests.
5.0 : He is one of the best professors at tech. His assignments are flexible and tests are based on the stuff covered in class. The class is fairly easy and very interesting. He is extremely helpful and shows a lot of concern for his students. Definitely take him if you can.
5.0 : Easily the best professor I've had at Tech. Extremely flexible. Will reschedule quizzes/tests if you're having a tough week. Late submissions on homework? No problem, he'll take care of that too. Would give hime 10 stars  if I had the option.
4.5 : Professor Gall teaches French in a way that is easy too learn and gives equal listening, speaking and writing skills. A lot is covered in the course but Gall makes sure that it is not at all overwhelming. He allows you to take tests and quizzes at alternative times that are more convenient, and accepts homework until the last day of the semester.
4.5 : 10/10 would recommend
5.0 : An all-around amazing professor. Very clear in his teaching and covers a lot of material, but makes it very easy to keep up with the material. Allows homework to be turned in until the last day of the semester and flexible on quiz/test days. Also gives study guides that are very similar to the actual tests. Would take again.
5.0 : He is super helpful, the class has a lot of material, but he gives study guides that are just like the tests so it's super easy. Easy A if you put in just a little effort. My favorite class this semester
4.5 : Easy A with lots of homework. Go to class for participation grades and to learn the material better. If you need help/extensions, just talk to him one-on-one and he'll accommodate. Super nice guy who wants you to succeed
4.0 : there is a lot of busy work in the class, but it is actually an enjoyable class because of him. He really cares about his students and understands that we are at GT and the toughness of the other classes we take
5.0 : This guy is amazing. I never thought I would learn so much from a french class and became really interested in the material and french culture. Good professor. Gives wiggle room for homework which really lets you do it on your own time and understand it. Highly recommend. Textbook for french class expensive and required
5.0 : Took his class for the eventual humanities credits and an inclination to studying in France in a couple years. Ended up, this was my favorite class first semester. Prof. Gall is understanding about missed homework and bombed quizzes; it seems like he actually wants you to learn and succeed!
4.5 : very professional and cool
5.0 : Interesting class; Great professor - learn to see through the mask.
5.0 : Class is project-based. The projects he chooses are both educational in order to develop technical writing, and rewarding as we worked with non profit organizations. He provides very useful and constructive criticism in a respectful manner to develop students into men and women ready to enter the workforce.
5.0 : Very down to Earth, understanding professor. As mentioned in other reviews, some of the assignments take time, but he always offers plenty of advice before and feedback after. Great guy!
3.5 : This class took up way too much of my time for a communications. The whole gist of the class is cool though working for a client. Ritter is a down to earth guy, but can come off arrogant and condescending.
5.0 : Really interesting topic, we listen to music every class and use different type of fonts to show how art effect on daily writing and how people perceive things. If you want to be more than just a technical writer, take with him. He will help you rather than stuff you with his wisdom that he has learned for so many years.
4.0 : Dr. Ritter is a very interesting and funny guy! His class is basically a big project and a lot of fun. Attendance is mandatory! You will have to do quite a bit of writing and researching but this is a technical communications course. I would def recommend him!  Its really hard to fail unless you do nothing or don't show up to class ever!
3.5 : Extremely eye-opening class with incredible life experiences and lessons. Working directly for clients was an experience that truly shaped my college career, and more classes should be as professional and career-focused as this one.
2.0 : I'm sure he is a good communications professor, but I had him for a senior design/tech. comm. class. He has low respect for the students, but is a nice guy one on one. He is very picky about details. He doesn't give an A easily.
4.5 : Dr. Ritter seems like a great guy who genuinely cares about what he's teaching. At times, assignments are difficult to understand, but he typically clarifies within a class or two. Class work can be very demanding, but is always in line with the requirements of the course.
5.0 : This class taught very applicable real-world skills. Not an easy A in the sit-back-and-do-nothing sense, but if you do what you are supposed to and show real effort you will do well. Dr, Ritter was one of the few teachers I had who genuinely cared about his students not only academically but personally. You'll work hard, but learn a lot!
4.5 : Dr. Ritter is a new breed of professor. The class model is Client-Based-Problem-Solving which encompasses two vital workplace activities i.e. working with real clients and solving problems. While Dr. Ritter is very demanding, it is very difficult to fail his class. Attendance is very important due to HW explanations and peer/instructor feedbacks
5.0 : Pretty easy class. Assigned four big projects, and for them to be fun you have to be legitimately interested in poetry. It wasn't a bad class, just kind of annoying. Wouldn't suggest taking it unless you actually like poetry!
5.0 : Dr. Fontaine really curated thought-provoking material for the class to read. While he is a lenient grader, he does expect you to read the material and engage with the ideas and concepts discussed. I am grateful to have taken this class with him because now I have a new genre that I love.
5.0 : I thought the lectures were good and tests fair. (PHYS 2212) Make sure to pay attention to clicker questions though. They're somewhat helpful in clearing up concepts.
5.0 : She's an amazing professor. She explains things very well and cares about her students.
3.0 : Clicker questions are mostly from the textbook. Read the textbook prior to class and clickers are easy. Didn't really pay attention during lecture but the tests are fair. Just study past tests and practice.
5.0 : Awesome teacher! Explains things really well; the class is really interesting and she really cares for your success.
5.0 : Caring professor. I lost my ebook because I bought it cheap on a scammy website, and she lent me an older edition. The class is hard, but studying the practice tests will lead to success.
4.0 : She is very approachable and kind. Physics 2 is a tough subject but she makes sure the class understands it
4.0 : She is really sweet and cares about her students. Physics 2 is just hard in general but she makes it as easy as she can. She is better than Murray.
5.0 : While lectures count for participation credit (which is not entirely mandatory due to an odd grading structure), they are a great opportunity to go over a number of examples that often turn up as quiz (Test) questions. Read AS OFTEN as you can; lecture is a review of reading, not a preliminary. Quizzes are brutal but fair; Bogdanovic was great!
4.5 : She really knows her material and explains really well. The lectures are basically concepts with clicker questions. The bonus WA can help you for tests. As for tests, there are a bank of old quizzes of phys 2212 on the class page, take them and you should be fine. Extra cred includes 2% bonus hw &amp; (up to) 1% concept test at the end of the semester.
5.0 : Professor Todd really cares about his students.  I would suggest taking this class even if you are not interested in healthcare.  Straight up grades, two essay tests, case assignments, and class participation.  Professor really wants students to succeed. LOTS of guest speakers
5.0 : This was a great class with a bunch of guest lectures from people in the health care industry. I really enjoyed this class
4.0 : Clint's a really mellow guy and that was translated into his teaching. He gave his students a lot of freedom and was receptive to the different approaches people took to their projects. He had a tendency to be vague at times, but he didn't mind answering lots of questions. It's obvious that he cares for his students.
5.0 : Awesome Teacher. Really smart on the topic. Would highly recommend.
3.0 : It was a pretty boring class, but it wasn't hard. Show up, do your homework, and pay attention on occasion. A complete BS class, but an easy A.
5.0 : I took accounting 2 with Dr. Kuang and really enjoyed the class. He is very friendly and approachable and definitely shows that he cares about the students in his classes and wants them to succeed. The class is mostly built around working through handouts that he provides in class that are mostly what make up the tests. Overall great professor!
5.0 : Engaging lectures, attendance isn't required but there are pop quizzes and you'll need to take good notes to get an A.  She's not the best at designing tests but they aren't too difficult and it's easy to do well if you put the time in.
2.0 : She thinks that everyone who takes her classes are INTA majors and caters her lectures only to them. The lectures are long and boring and directly read from ppt slides. Expect several readings before every class. Tests are very challenging and cover very nit picky details from the readings and movies. Don't takeif you are looking for an easy A/B/C
4.0 : She gives tough tests and can sometimes assign a lot of reading. However, Dr. Jordan is extremely knowledgeable (especially in terrorism!) and really makes sure you know the stuff. She's a fairly good lecturer. Also, she is SO cool outside of class. I would make sure to talk to her beforeafter class and go to office hours so she gets to know you.
5.0 : While I was unsure of my major heading into this class, her teaching and the subject as a whole convinced me to actually head into the subject. He teaching was incredibly helpful, and the class was interesting and easy enough if you complete the assigned readings and pay attention at all in class.
4.5 : After changing my major, I was skeptical about whether I chose correctly. Her intro class made me realize I made the right choice. She is so very helpful and her lectures are very informative. There is a handful of reading, but as long as you read and go to class, this class will be a lot of fun. Again, she's freaking awesome.
5.0 : Jordan ROCKS. Her lectures are so interesting and I am not even an inta major! Try to do the reading as much as possible, but she normally drops hints the class before she gives a "pop" quiz. Her tests are not very difficult as long as you pay attention in class. Also if you need to skip you definitely can because she posts the powerpoint online.
5.0 : She's amazing and you can tell that she knows what she's talking about. She's super nice and an expert in her field as well. A lot engineers at GT hate on her because they hate anything non-relating to STEM (and she assigns readings relating to International Affairs which obv. isn't STEM) so be sure to evaluate the criticism through that lens.
5.0 : She's truly is a great teacher. Sometimes there's really long readings assigned, but as long as you get the main idea you'll be fine. She is really passionate about what she teaches and has a great personality. Easy to talk to, too!
5.0 : There wasn't a day when I didn't look forward to her class. It was entertaining, enlightening, and just hard enough to ensure that you had to do some studying. Right  in the sweet spot between easy A and working for your A. Would definitely take her class again, and will be taking her higher level classes in the future.
5.0 : Dr. Jordan is very engaging lecturer. The class really isn't that hard. There are 2 tests and you get study guides for them. Study the study guides and you'll be fine. There is a lot of reading, but it's interesting reading, so its not so bad. Also, there are a few reading quizzes, so make sure you at least skim the reading  assignments.
4.0 : Loved this class! However, it is pretty tough for an introductory course. Read all readings thoroughly as she gives random reading quizzes. Tests and quizzes can be pretty detail-oriented. Dr. Jordan is probably one of the best teachers at Tech! She knows the material very well and her lectures are always interesting! Plus she has killer style.
5.0 : She's funny and her lectures are interesting. Tests are easy if you study the powerpoints and do the readings. Does pop quizzes on readings at the beginning of class so go to class. Super-easy grader on the paper.
4.5 : LOVE her. She's hilarious and has engaging lectures. I'm not at all interested in the topic but I thoroughly enjoyed the class due to her teaching. Tests are easy but studying for each can be overwhelming because there is A LOT of info for each (only 2 tests, each covering copious amounts of info). She's very understanding. I would take this again.
5.0 : The course material is fascinating, but Dr. Verhaeghen brings even more fun to the lecture with his quirky personality. Just show up to lecture and do your crib sheet, and you'll be set for the tests.
5.0 : Pay attention during class and take notes. Tests are very easy. Enjoy the class and you'll be fine. Don't forget to do your weekly journal entries (basically a guaranteed 100% in the gradebook).
5.0 : enjoyed lectures -- he's very funny (but a little quiet sometimes) basically only grades are weekly diary (free 100%), tests, and end of semester project study slides and go to class  tests will be very easy for you
5.0 : Really great funny guy I always forget to do my diary entry though because it's due saturday night.
3.5 : Dr. Verhaeghen is a very sweet man who wants to make sure his students learn. His lectures can be pretty boring. His powerpoints are slightly annoying, they don't have much "structure" so they can be hard to follow when reviewing. Tests can be detailed sometimes.  He allows crib sheets for every single test, and they could be front-and-back.
5.0 : Awesome professor who is extremely enthusiastic and understanding. The lectures were always fascinating. The class wasn't extremely demanding, you didn't have to write thousands of papers; although the tests did cover a lot of material. Really enjoyed this professor.
5.0 : One of the best i've had.
5.0 : She was an excellent professor. She's really passionate about the subject, and our class meetings mainly comprised of marveling over various pieces of literature in a group-style discussion. That said, you don't have to participate if you don't want to. Very easy class, not too much work, and a very fair grader. Would definitely recommend!
4.5 : She's really passionate about the class. I highly recommend taking her. She doesn't give you a lot of work and the class is pretty much an easy A if you show up and do projects and blog posts. She's pretty flexible with deadlines.
5.0 : The topics covered in this class were interesting and useful. We looked at the advancements of technology from the telegram to the introduction of the phone. Assignments were both challenging and fun, and the material could be related to Engineering.
5.0 : Dr. Golden is funny and entertaining. Assignments are interesting as well. She tries to make the class fun to be in.
5.0 : makes a lot of hilarious jokes that keeps the class interesting. really nice and relaxed class. the topic wasn't very interesting but she did all she could do with it
4.5 : She's very humorous and even though my class didn't participate much, she filled the time we had with insightful observations and corny but relevant jokes. I loved the books we read, they spanned a lot subjects and countries. She tells a lot of anecdotes that are really funny to hear. She's quirky and also brings a lot of enthusiasm forward.
5.0 : Great professor! Super sweet, passionate about her subject, helpful, and understanding.
5.0 : She assigns a good amount of work but she's super funny and quirky and she is really nice with grading as long as you do your assignments! Love her best English teacher ever
5.0 : Really funny and easy. Her material may not be the most nail-biting, but she's a genuinely sweet lady who loves what she does. Get her for 1102, I'm really glad I chose her over some other teachers with more interesting topics.
4.5 : Professor Golden is really passionate about literature, and that really shows in her lectures. Taking this class (even at 8 am trust me) is your best 4-credit course decision. In terms of assignments, the class consists of a weekly blog posting and three major projects that range from video production to a traditional essay. DONT BUY THE TEXTBOOK
4.0 : As long as you write the blog posts, put a moderate amount of efforts into the assignments, and say something in class every once in awhile, it isn't hard to get an A. Golden is really enthusiastic about her subject and will lead long, lively class discussions.
5.0 : She is literally the funniest teacher ever, I had her as an 8 am but she always brightened up my morning. Really passionate about her stuff and really willing to listen to what each student has to say.
4.5 : I enjoyed this class, and all information was directly useful to understand and create models for my real employment. Thanks to Professor
5.0 : Excellent , great interest .. Helps a lot .. Tough tests but  you would learn a lot
5.0 : Tough tests but  you would learn a lot
5.0 : He explains things really well and also shows a lot of care for students. Class was curved quite a lot and he would constantly let the class know where the cutoffs were after each test. Although all his material is posted online, still highly recommend both going to class and reading his online notes, as they supplement each other quite well.
5.0 : Amazing teacher. He has taught some of the most difficult topics with such ease and coherence! I learnt so much in the class, yet never felt overburdened. He wants the students to succeed.
4.0 : Even though attendance is not mandatory, you should go. His tests are pretty much his lectures and he does say things that aren't on the notes he posts online. What I did was alternate with two different friends. Overall, the class is pretty easy. You need to be careful on the T/F questions as they do get trickier.
5.0 : Easily the best class I've taken at Tech. All you have to do is go to lecture and try to take notes and you'll get an A on all the five tests (There wasn't a cumulative final just another test). If you want an easy A or need to take a history take this one!!!
5.0 : Her classes are very well structured and she gives awesome notes which is practically a reference for everything she teaches in class. Has a lot of subject matter expertise and teaches everythig important and thats practical
5.0 : Very straight forward lectures, teaches you exactly what you need to know. The tests are not too difficult, you know what to expect going into the tests. She lets you make a 2 page cheat sheet going into the tests which makes the tests pretty easy. The tests are very similar to the homeworks
3.0 : It's pretty clear that she is here for research (she does not like teaching), but overall she is very kind and clear.
3.0 : Has an accent but it isnt bad, lectures were pretty helpful, curves the class at the end, would say very good teacher compared to other calc 2 professors, one of the easier math classes I have taken at Tech
4.5 : Had him for Calc 2 and he made a difficult subject much more manageable. 3 tests, 4 quizzes, online MML hw. 2 bonus points possible for recitation attendance. Antonio was an amazing professor and really wanted to help students succeed. Very approachable and clear with an awesome Italian accent. If you get the chance, TAKE ANTONIO!!!!
5.0 : Antonio is a great guy and a great professor. He wants his students to do well and he's very approachable and friendly. His lectures are very thorough and comprehensive and he tries to make math interesting. You definitely have to work hard, but the assignments are fair (although in comparison, the tests were much harder than the quizzes and hw).
5.0 : Great clarity in teaching. Pretty evident that he has strong expertise in the subject.
5.0 : Awesome class, very knowledgeable professor, definately time consuming but worth it. He is very knowledgeable in the field and will help if needed. He is a great guy.
5.0 : She was an absolutely fantastic teacher.  She was not the easiest always due to the volume of material, but she was always willing to take the time to help you out.  I feel that I learned a lot in the class and I have even applied some of the knowledge, despite not being a psych major.
5.0 : Really good professor, seems to genuinely care about students.  Tests are all multiple choice.  Gives clear and interesting lectures, but you still need to read the book to make an A.
5.0 : Professor Fulton was one of the best professors I've had here at tech.  She really knows effective ways to teach, and seems to really care about how her students do.  She's also pretty funny.  10% of the grade is pop quizzes, so you have to go to class, and the tests are usually always hard even though i study a lot.  Overall a great class though.
3.0 : Gives 5 pop quizzes throughout the semester, but there isn't really a need to attend class aside from that.  Just look at the power points and in the book.  There are 5 individual homeworks and 5 group homeworks so there is some outside work.  Plus you have to get the research credits or you fail the class, but that's for every psyc 1101 class.
5.0 : absolute best
5.0 : I would absolutely recommend Dr. Stivers for anyone looking to take English 2. He is so fun, and such a great guy, but he also cares about our success. He will do everything he can to help you and make class fun, and he gets to know each of his students. My only regret is that I probably won't get to take him again.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers at Georgia Tech. He said his Mom loves it when she sees good ratings on this site so hopefully this will make her day!
5.0 : Dr. Stivers is an amazing professor! He is super passionate about teaching and films. He is approachable anytime and will reply to emails within the hour most of the time. Be careful with the first test because it is extremely challenging but the material will prepare you for all of the other assignments, which are generally very interesting.
5.0 : He's a great teacher with a great personality. Possibly the most friendly guy on campus. He likes drawings on his quizzes. Study like he tells you and you will receive what you should. Easy class if you are interested in film analysis. Even if you aren't interested at first, discussing films with him will change you. He dislikes Chris Tucker though
5.0 : Dr. Stivers is a hard grader, but he's a fantastic teacher.
5.0 : He's fun, class was fun, and I learned that Hollywood movies are much more than entertainment. We all loved him.
5.0 : Great professor + great topic  Best English class in my life. 1010 would recommend. Basically if you have common sense and you do the assignments (WHICH IS WATCHING MOVIES) you will get As on all the quizzes. Other projects besides the portfolio &amp; essay are super interesting. Only disappointment is that he didn't fall and trip this semester.
5.0 : Prof. Stivers is super cool and awesome! The nicest and most enthusiastic professor you can find. His classes are incredibly interestingfunfunny and a joy to show up to.  Loves Terrence Mallick.
5.0 : Dr. Stivers is the best.  He knows everything about movies and his love for them is infectious.
4.5 : He's incredible! So fun, perfect balance of teacher and friend. His passion for what he does is incredible.
4.0 : Man what a good guy. Not only had interesting lessons and lectures, but got the rest of the class to become more comfortable with each other. He expects participation, and that you watch the films he assigns (which are usually pretty good), but that makes the class a ton more interesting. I really learned a lot in this class.
5.0 : Prof. Stivers is such a good guy. His lectures are interesting, relatable, and easy to understand. As long as you watch the films he assigns (which are usually pretty good), pay attention in class, and participate, you'll learn a lot and get a good grade. I'm really glad to have met him this semester.
4.0 : Great professor! explains things well, but make you keep up with some of the harder topics. Moves kind of fast through topics. willing to help you when need and actually cares about the class. His test can get tricky, but overall good teacher
5.0 : Sal is a hilarious guy and makes his class very interesting. He cares about his students and wants them to succeed. However, his tests are extremely difficult. If you really try and show up to his office hours etc, you will definitely get a B, but an A is hard. Definitely recommend for 1553
4.0 : Love the guy. Hate the tests. He expects you to always know what you are talking about, and half of the time most people in the lecture have no idea. He's honestly caring, funny, and has some weird cool talents, but the fact that his tests are way harder than his quizzes (which should prepare us for the test) sucks. (I flunked the final).
3.0 : He loves his subject and is very enthusiastic and helpful, but his examples in class can get confusing, contradicts himself. The TA carried us through the class.
4.0 : Good lecturer, though prone to long tangents. Prompt responses, great one-on-one during office hours. Come to lecture even if it isn't required because it's the best way to determine what will be on the test, even if MyMathLab is sometimes the better teacher. Genuinely likes teaching his subject.
5.0 : Easily one of my favorite professors ever. He's incredibly kind and interesting in lecture, and one of the few professors who I can always understand the value of our assigned homework. The tests were not formula heavy, but thought based; however, studying meant I could pass the test easily. T/F are always difficult though. Would take again!
3.0 : The class was unnecessarilly hard. I like sal a lot,  but his lectures were all over the place and made little sense. He taught more to those who understood math at a very advanced level.
4.0 : Great teacher, really easy class if you know statistics.
5.0 : Very good professor - helps you learn the course material and provides practice tests. He usually tosses in a few tricky ones so be sure to study enough unlike me.
2.0 : Honestly an awful professor who makes his tests far more challenging than any other calc I professor at this school. I took AB and BC AP calc in high school, got a 5 on the exam, and decided to not take the credit so I could make sure I really understood calc I before moving on to calc II. Progressively throughout the semester Barone got worse.
3.5 : Lectures are kind of tough to keep up with and sometimes he just talks about random stuff. Otherwise he is very approachable and respects the students and their opinions. Tests are pretty straightforward and similar to the study guides.
4.0 : Lots of homework but Sal is the best and most fun professor for Linear Algebra. I was with him all the way until the end of the course. Go to lectures, do homework, and attend office hours and you'll be fine.
3.0 : Sal is really enthusiastic about math and learning but sometimes that prevents him from being a clear teacher. He is really sweet, though, and wants to see everyone succeed.
5.0 : He truly cares about the students. He wants every single student to fully understand linear algebra, and you can tell by the way he teaches. He tries to simplify the concepts so that you know WHY theorems work, not just what they are. TAKE HIM IF YOU HAVE THE CHANCE!
3.5 : Dr. Barone is really nice and tries to explain the topics clearly but as others have mentioned, he can get a bit tricky in his tests. Pay attention and get a really good TA and it won't be too bad.
4.0 : Sal (thats what he lets his students call him) is a super chill professor who actually cares about making his students do well. His tests are straight forward but they always have a T/F section that can be tricky. Don't worry you can still get an A and not do so well on the T/F.  However, Beware of the final exam: it's much harder than the tests.
4.0 : Super nice and has really interesting hobbies. Writes out some of the steps, which really helps me follow the math
3.0 : If you have not taken a calculus class before him, I do not suggest taking his class. He assumes that you've already had a strong base with calculus so he skips over fundamental concepts, but if you are struggling he is more than willing to spend extra time with you going over whatever you're struggling with in detail
4.0 : Very passionate and approachable. Always available to help outside of class. Hilarious. Respects his students.
5.0 : Outstanding professor. Hip and relatable. Gives amazing feedback and always answers questions in lecture in a very clear manner. Very very funny guy that clearly knows the subject he is teaching extensively. His superiority as a professor shows in his higher class avgs than the rest of the 1553 classes. Haven't met a student in my lecture unhappy
5.0 : Sal really enjoys the topic and is more than willing to explain any part of it to anyone who is confused.  He's very accessible and is always ready to help.  His lectures are really good; I never even opened my book because he did such a good job.
5.0 : He is very funny and nice. Great professor, makes the material easy. Is passionate about the subject. Take him if you can.
4.5 : Really funny and easy to understand. His lectures are pretty helpful. Not that much homework. His tests aren't that hard, as long as you study! Easy to approach after class if you have some questions. Would love to take another class with him!
4.0 : Funny, and overall understands the course conceptually to the point where he should be writing textbooks. But that being said, he enjoys making the tests challenging.
4.0 : Sal is a teacher that really cares about his students. He is a reasonable, direct, and easy-to-understand professor that you will learn a lot from. He is not afraid to admit that he is wrong and he takes a lot of what the students have to say into consideration. He is very good at explaining concepts in easy ways.
4.0 : Very clear in his lectures though he can sometimes get a bit distracted. Obviously interested in his subject in a way and talented at teaching it. Very helpful if you go to his office hours. His quizzes are to test basic comprehension so their pretty easy but exams are harder. Have to work for an A but definitely possible if you put in the effort.
5.0 : Sal was an AWESOME teacher. He really cared about your learning experience, and doesn't hesitate to go in-depth to answer a question. Definitely take advantage of Piazza, where you can ask him questions any time. He does make sure you actually know the material, though, instead of memorizing it. He's a fair grader, and really invests time into you.
5.0 : Sal is a super interesting person and a really excellent professor. He has a good sense of humor and doesn't mind being corrected, plus he paces the class based on what students need to work on. Tests are difficult but doable if you put in the work. Great class for Calc II.
4.0 : Sal really cares about students, but he's so smart that sometimes his lectures get pretty scattered. He also likes making his tests really difficult so study up a lot. A good TA with Sal will help make his slightly scattered lecture more concise.
5.0 : Sal is easily one of the best math teachers I've ever had. He's big on making sure his students not only understand the mechanical parts of math, but also the conceptual ideas of linear algebra, which can make the class a bit more difficult if you've always memorized formulas and "plugged and chugged" numbers. Sal is a funny, charismatic nerd.
4.0 : Sal is funny and enjoyable as a professor.  Problem is that he assumes you know somethings ahead of time so you'd better read in your book on whats coming up in lecture.  Have to work hard to get an A but you won't get anything less than a B
5.0 : Great guy. Tests are harder than the other classes but he's a better teacher, so our grades were actually better than theirs. Go to class, but don't worry about recitation if you don't need the extra practice. Homeworks are due every Monday or Wednesday
5.0 : MOTIVATIONAL
5.0 : Great professor,  but very tough
5.0 : He's stern, but he's an amazing professor. I enjoyed his class and actually felt like taking it seriously. He sincerely is very interested in the subject and in the student's learning.
3.0 : The General is a natural communicator and he seems like a good dude. He does like his tough-guy reputation and relishes being inflexible, so check your syllabus before you email him. He tends to jam though the technical terms too fast for you to sort through it in lecture, but the homework is usually pretty helpful.
5.0 : General Johnson is very enthusiastic about the subject matter even though it can seem dry at times. He does grade tough, but is reasonable since he tells you what he wants you to know. Overall, one of the best professors at Tech and he allows you to exempt the final if you have an A going into it.
2.0 : The general runs his class almost like a stats boot camp. He expects a lot from you while not always making these guidelines clear so he will take off many points for minor mistakes. Pretty much teaches from PPTs. Not friendly to students and sometimes outright demeaning. He does care a lot about the subject but I think he grew to dislike us.
3.0 : Johnson is quite the character. He's a great guy but makes this class unnecessarily hard. Takes points off for technique despite getting the correct answer. His lectures are good, but it's very easy to get off task or doze off in the class. Uploaded slides don't have answers to the examples discussed. TA only met once a week for this class.
5.0 : Fantastic professor and a very interesting course topic. I wish I was an English major just so I could take another class with him! Really phenomenal professor. Just go to class and participate. And it's not too hard to stay engaged in the discussions because on top of being extremely knowledgeable and engaging, he's one fine looking guy.
5.0 : Professor Kunwar is a fantastic lecturer. Very clearly explains topics. Gives a lot of homework in my opinion, and there wasn't much of a pattern as to what day of the week the HW is due, so that was the only difficult part. Tests were exactly what he told us they would be. Highly recommend.
4.0 : Very clear lecturer but he can be boring sometimes, which makes it hard to focus. His class has a good mix of conceptual understanding and doing exercises.
5.0 : Excellent professor. Does a very thorough job at explaining the material that it's very clear he knows extremely well. He's super passionate about the subject, and it shows in his lectures. Weekly quizzes in recitation over the material being presented in lecture, so you really need to go. I highly, highly recommend you take him.
5.0 : Kunwar is a great lecturer and does a good balance between teaching and working examples. He is very caring and values his students' thoughts and feelings. He is very open to questions and tries his best to help. The class is a lot of work and the homework can be time consuming and have odd deadlines. Would definitely recommend him, though!
5.0 : He's super clear during lectures. There are weekly quizzes during recitation, but he'll tell you what sections it is on, and as long as you do the homework (and actually try a little) you'll find that his class is easy. He honestly wants his students to do well. Take him if you can!
5.0 : He has weekly quizzes, but they tend to be the easiest questions from the homework assignments, which are optional. As long as you do most of the homework assignments, and do the practice tests, you will get an A in his class.
5.0 : Kunwar is a great professor. There are weekly quizzes but they are usually the easiest problems from the homework. He always makes himself available for extra office hours before quizzes and really wants his students to excel. As long as you do the homework and attend lectures, you can get an A in his class.
5.0 : TAKE HIM. Honestly the nicest professor at Tech. He really, really cares how well you're learning and is always willing to help. He also REALLY cares about your success, so you don't really have an excuse to not get an A in his class. He grades easily, has a GREAT course structure so you actually learn well and easily, and just cares.
5.0 : Joe was an outstanding professor. Literally awesome and the best proffesor I've had thus far. If you are an IE major, try to get him. He's the best. Not only does he take a lot of time to help students understand, he also spends a great deal of time coming up with examples that everyone can understand. He's awesome.
5.0 : Joe was an outstanding professor. Literally awesome and the best professor I've had thus far. He take a lot of time to get to know students and help them understand. Before the class, I wasn't very interested in the subject, but I definitely became more interested in discrete mathematics after going through his class.
4.0 : Pay attention in class and read the textbook. The tests are challenging but definitely fair. Rabinoff is brilliant and lectures very conceptually. He can be hard to follow sometimes especially if you lose focus for even a second. The homework doesn't take too long but make sure you do it because it helps a lot.
3.0 : Prof. Rabinoff has high clarity in instruction, but may be lacking somewhat in techniques that necessarily deliver the information to students effectively. Lectures can be a little dry, especially for those with prior knowledge in linear algebra. It is his first semester teaching this course, so it may not reflect his teaching in other courses.
5.0 : Huge amount of homework (find solutions manual ahead of time) but really awesome lecture. Really cares about your success, really useful to go to office hours. Tests are challenging, but fair. Know the review sheets he makes very well. Highly recommended.
4.0 : He is a great guy but the tests were not easy. You barely had time to finish. He is very accessible and really willing to help you though.
5.0 : A great professor who genuinely cared about students doing well (as long as they cared, too). Took suggestions and explicitly revised his teaching to help the class learn as well as developed a study guide for the material.
5.0 : All around a great teacher. The lectures really were designed to help you understand the theory behind it all. The examples were great, but the book is really helpful. Quizzes every week in recitation are easy and the tests are pretty straightforward. He wants all of his students to do well in the class and is there to help
1.0 : All he does is lecture and assumes everyone understands. When asked questions he completely avoids the topic. Everything in this class is overly consemptualized compared to other professors teaching the same course.
3.0 : He is very lecture heavy and does everything very conceptually. He doesn't do many examples in class, so, going to office hours is very important if you want to make a good grade. He's a brilliant guy, but sometimes doesn't explain things at the level his students need. The tests are tough and with the 50 minutes, you barely have time to finish it.
3.0 : Rabinoff really knows what he's talking about. But because of his vast knowledge, his ability to communicate the material to those of us isn't as clear as one would hope. He cares about his students, and has office hours available. The tests are tough, and the 50 minutes they give you to do them makes them even more stressful.
2.0 : Extremely difficult tests. Great guy, but made the class extremely difficult compared to other professors. Super conceptual. Lectures did not help; the book did a better job.
2.0 : Compared to other professors, Prof. Rabinoff made the class extremely conceptual and difficult. Tests were nothing like homework or practice. He was a nice guy, but I wouldnt recommend him for such a conceptual class.
4.0 : Linear Algebra is very conceptual class. He doesnt make it easy to visualize, but if you look over the textbook it should be clear. He really enjoys teaching and is a very nice person.
5.0 : Best professor I have had at tech. Cares about students so much. Really good office hours, and makes an effort to get to know you. Very approachable and great professor and person all around. Tests are appropriate and not meant to trick you.
3.5 : Pro: Homework can help you master the material. Exam difficulty is appropriate.  Con: Don't know about the others, but I was completely lost in the lecture, have to go through the book after class.
5.0 : Joe really and truly cares about his students. Although the lectures were somewhat confusing, reading the book before class helps and he is always willing to help in office hours. Go to his office hours. You won't regret it. Even if you don't have any questions, he's just a really fun guy to be around.
4.0 : Great teacher. Class can be difficult at times but its doable! Also the textbook is really helpful :)
5.0 : Rabinoff is by far the most passionate 1553 proff. He is amazing in office hours and really cares about his students. His tests may be slightly harder than everyone else's, but I think it balances out.
3.0 : Rabinoff is a really good professor and you can tell he knows what he's talking about and enjoys teaching. The tests were very conceptual, though, so my test grades never seemed to reflect what I thought I knew going into the tests. Overall, good class but the tests are difficult.
5.0 : Rabinoff is a great math professor, and he's definitely very passionate about what he teaches. His tests are slightly harder than other professors, but he also teaches just as well to make up for it. Read the textbook when you don't understand the lectures. Do the practice tests before the exams, and go to the TA review sessions - very helpful.
5.0 : Has great pictures for those who learn math visually. Exams are super easy if you go over the practice exam and do the homework He taught us a math concept by making it a song. Very approachable and has 5 hours for office hours on exam week. He went to Harvard but doesn't act at all like a smart ass and explains everything. Answers all questions
5.0 : I am absolutely terrible at math, but Joe Rabinoff allowed me to truly appreciate it. His lectures are a bit fast-paced and hard to keep up with, but he is very accessible and helpful during office hours. He genuinely cares about all his students and wants everyone to love math as much as he does.
5.0 : Very excited/passionate about the topic, and really cares about student understanding. Made 8am class bearable. Reasonable tests and very helpful office hours
3.0 : Rabinoff obviously loves what he teaches, and tries to pass that enthusiasm to the class. The notes he creates are well done, the lectures well structured and he can create some good examples. However, I could never get the hang of the class. I could never make myself get interested in the material. And as a result his enthusiasm became grating.
5.0 : MATH1553 is a very conceptual math class and some other professors do a poor job of explaining the concepts. However, Rabinoff is hands down the best linear algebra professor at Tech. His creative demos and lecture notes are very well done, and his approach to the subject is clear. Pay good attention in lectures and really understand your homework.
3.5 : With 2211, the tests don't depend on your prof, so who you take doesn't make a huge difference. I would say Otte is pretty entertaining, but not the greatest at explaining. The book is helpful, the practice tests are essential. The time you need to invest for an A depends on who you are, but I studied a lot less than the other reviewer and got an A
5.0 : He's a good professor and has a good sense of humor. He brought in his daughter one day for the lecture concerning the conservation of angular momentum. It was great
4.5 : Otte is a superb lecturer with subtle humor, and he's flexible not only about attendance but also scheduling--he'll push an exam back if you ask him and nobody objects. He expects you to know the math for the homework (straight from book), but exams are basically conceptual in nature. Expect to write paragraphs, not proofs.
4.5 : Otte is a great CLASSICAL Physics professor. He knows what he's doing, keeps the style of the class from getting to the condescending lectures that make you just want to skip, and is open to help students if they try to ask questions. Also, tests are matched between classes, so he gives the same tests as any other Physics 1 prof.
5.0 : Very entertaining, but very informational lectures. You learn about extra, practical applications for concepts and you won't even mind -- you might even ENJOY it. Highly recommend. He doesn't emphasize the 'algebra' of chemistry, which WILL be emphasized on the exam, so make sure to review the problems that he sometimes skips.
2.0 : a LOT of homework. tests and grading is mostly fair. he likes to call on people at random and opening criticize wrong answers during lectures. if you don't show up for class he's likely to call you out.
5.0 : Excellent Professor, he really cares about his students.
4.0 : Easy class but had to read.
3.0 : A lot of work for an English class at Tech. Tons of reading each week and be ready for reading quizzes. She is a tough, but fair grader.  She lays her expectations out clearly for work turned in, but assignment instructions are often unclear. Some assignments are fun, but overall it's not worth the amount of effort necessary to do well.
4.5 : Amazing professor, was very clear and really just wanted to make sure his students understood the material. I wouldn't recommend anyone above him. Do the work, and his tests are very fair and you can get an A just fine :)
5.0 : Prof Shin turned out to be very nice and approachable and laid back. He is willing to take the time to talk to you and help you. He makes linear algebra concepts very clear. Tests were copies of practice exams and homework. I wouldn't say I was particularly challenged. Average test scores were usually A's.
4.0 : Awesome professor! At first I was doubting him, but he turned out to be a very nice and cool professor! His lectures are clear, concise, and straightforward. Do the optional homeworks and past exams, and you can get that easy A.  Go to his office hours when you can; he's very helpful!
4.5 : Natasha is beautiful, sweet, and one of the best professors I've had at Tech. the class is super small so you will personally get to know her. she's very interesting and divulges you in Russian culture. The class is not difficult at all, but you will have to work for an A.
3.0 : The only thing is that Natasha is a non-native English speaker so sometimes it is hard to understand what she wants from an assignment. Otherwise she's great!
5.0 : This was my favorite class I've taken at Tech. She is super sweet, helpful and really funny as well. She gives extra credit opportunities and is always willing to help. There's homework, but it isn't bad and really helps you learn the material. She's a pretty easy grader, but if you don't try, you won't do well. I would absolutely take her again.
4.0 : Natasha is funny, kind, and she's been teaching Russian for 20 years, so she really knows what she's doing. Since Russian is a difficult language, there's lots of work to do, but Natasha makes it fun. The class is an easy A if you study.
5.0 : I love Natasha! She is very interested in ensuring her students are learning Russian, but she is not a very strict grader because this is an elementary course. She goes over exactly what will be on each test and gives you examples for your oral quiz monologues. Also, she is very approachable, funny, and sweet.
5.0 : Natasha (first name basis oh yeah) is just amazing, she's so kind &amp; understanding &amp; has been teaching for like 20 years so she's very good at getting points across. If you don't come to class, it's okay because she will ask if you were sick. With assignments &amp; oral quizzes, you can ask to do them for next lecture if you didn't have time to do it.
5.0 : Don't let the idea of taking Russian scare you because Natasha is one of the best profs at Tech. She cares so much about her students and it's very easy to learn and do well in her class with little effort. If you don't do well on an assignment, she will let you turn it in or redo it the next day. The tests are fair and not at all difficult. 10/10
5.0 : Best professor I have had at GT. Period. Classes are interesting, she's cute as a button, and always more than willing to work with you after class. Not too much homework per unit, and I actually come out of it for the better having learnt something. If you're taking Chinese at GT DEFINITELY choose Liu Laoshi.
5.0 : Take Chunhua over any teacher anyday. He's straightforward, moves class at a decent pace, and so helpful. He sends out a list of suggested questions as well as a Sample Exam, which I would highly recommend doing. Class isn't mandatory, but there are points for attending lecture and he uses some examples in class on the exam. The Nicest/Best Prof.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have ever had. He cares about his students and does what he can to help you succeed. Tests are fair and he gives you plenty of extra problems to prepare for every exam which are extremely helpful. Lecture is not mandatory but he will give out extra points for attending. Overall a great professor.
4.5 : A very knowledgeable TA and he cares about our success. He gave too many problems in class and it can be a little overwhelming sometimes.
5.0 : He's just beyond the average human in every way.
5.0 : Haiyu explained things very clearly. He was always very prepared and made going to the recitation worthwhile. He was also very funny, which kept the students awake. Hands down the best TA I have ever had so far. Good luck to you, Haiyu!
5.0 : This man's consistent clear explanations and niceness is the reason I am doing well in discrete math. He will sit with you and do problems even after recitation is over until you understand everything
5.0 : Best TA at Tech. Very patient.  He is the reason I survived the course.
3.0 : All of his assessments were much harder than the material use to prepare. He moves very fast so it's hard to catch up if you don't understand a concept. He was very approachable and would make time to talk with you outside of class if you asked him. Very hard class in terms of a core math requirement.
5.0 : One of the best math teachers I've had at GT. Really accessible, friendly, and helpful (even when people take advantage of office hours to have him walk them through the homework, right before it's due).
4.0 : Gave a lot of extra credit (20-10-10 points on the tests and final). Homeworks were pretty difficult, but the test questions were much easier. Took several test/quiz questions from homework or in-class examples. Not always the clearest lecturer, and made mistakes, but had a lot of office hours.
5.0 : Learned about double barreled questions by though Maury Povich. Awesome!!!  Easy on eyes too. She made learning fun.  #coffeetables
5.0 : Great professor!
5.0 : Love that the textbook was optional. Attendance is not taken but shes knows if you at there. Loved her.
4.5 : A really nice guy that explains well and that is clear on what you need to know. Makes class fun through incorporating little clips from the office or 30 rock for example to illustrate his points.
5.0 : Great teacher, solid class
5.0 : A great course
5.0 : POSITIVE: She is a great teacher! Prior to taking her class, I had no idea who Tolkien was but now I am a complete expert! I also learned a ton of useful things like how to make a wiki page. None of what we did went to waste and we were always doing something. NEGATIVE: There was alot of work most of the time and she was not an "easy" grader.
5.0 : It takes a little while to warm up to Dr. Haught, but she really is a very nice person! I enjoyed her class and she provided carefully differentiated assignments. The reading was a little much at times, but if you're an English major it's nothing to worry about. I would take her again if I had the chance. She's an easy grader.
5.0 : Read the book and know the material and you'll be golden.
4.0 : He is really there to help you and even though he comes off blunt he cares. There is one large group project that the work over most of the semester for and the test aren't that bad.
1.0 : Michael Buchanan is smarmy and smug. From his class examples that have a a ring of inherent misogyny to his ill nature towards any student that doesn't fit his ideal mold, his classroom is not a safe space for learning. Although he is a smart man, his delivery and teaching styles made going to his class an absolute torture.
5.0 : Professor Buchanan is one of the most passionate, knowledgeable, and helpful professors I've ever had! I was in his MGT 4311 class and the student rating him on 5/23/17 was assuredly either a student on their phone being disrespectful, absent too many times, or a complete moron. Act like an ass he calls it out. Otherwise, he's fantastic!
2.0 : He's a good lecturer but very smug. He doesn't seem very interested in helping students. Marketing professors are usually like this, so take Buchanan or any others with a caution.
5.0 : Professor Buchanan uses an experiential approach by using real-world examples instead of just repeating the material in the book. He uses humor to make the class interesting, but also challenges students to think deeper. Students that can't take being challenged might not like his approach, but he is very helpful outside of class as well.
4.5 : He is really casual and cusses in class, not a lot but to get the point across. He gives a lot of real world examples and really knows his stuff. The class is interesting and he loves to help students, especially with making connections for jobsinternships. Test are pretty decent. Just pay attention in class. He loves participation.
5.0 : The class is social media marketing. If you go to class and do what you are supposed to you will get an A. Professor Buchanan is really good about helping his students throughout the project. I have taken a couple of his classes and they have all been very good classes.
4.0 : He's an interesting character. I had no problem with him, in fact he made the most out of the 3 hour summer lectures as best he could. However, he made some people in our class very uncomfortable. If you're someone who has a serious case of RBF, or just shy, try to avoid Buchanan. He pushes participation and gets upset if you're not involved.
5.0 : If you want to learn a ton about marketing in a mixture of lecture and applied work (group project) you'll love this course. Buchanan will challenge your thinking, but does so to make it better. He's the most realistic, passionate, and honest professor I've had. We need more professors like this to better prepare us for our careers.
5.0 : Interesting, enthusiastic, and brilliant!
3.0 : The material is dense, advanced, and complicated. The projects are extremely difficult, among the most difficult I've ever done, and there's a strict no collaboration policy. Notes and lectures aren't helpful. The tests are average in difficulty. Do yourself a favor: take this class with another professor.
5.0 : Great professor Did an excellent job of explaining topics to students. Everything learned in one class tied in really well with the next class. Skipping class will really mess you up though...
5.0 : As he will tell you within the first week or so, Conte is "tough, but fair". My experience has mirrored that exactly. He is an insanely good lecturer, and also goes out of his way to make himself available for consultation to clear anything up. His projects are very time consuming, and difficult. His class is tough, but doable.
4.5 : Dan is really cool. He gives great examples and really grounds stuff in real world examples. #lovesflannel
4.5 : Professor Lee is amazing. I took her for investments. She goes pretty fast through the lecture slides. But ask her questions, she loves questions. She also calls on random people during the lecture to answer questions. One of my favorite professors here at Tech.
5.0 : Ximin (Natalie) is so sweet. She's a PHD student. She made 2251 super easy. I aced every test. You get a crib sheet, which you probably won't use because the information is pretty intuitive. She gives classroom assignments almost every class (not graded) which also helps facilitate learning. Def one of the best teachers at TECH! TAKE HER IF YOU CAN
4.5 : Easy class. She takes attendance, but I think that's a front and she just gives full attendance to everyone. Gives you crib sheets for exams which are really similar to practice ones she provides. Super nice and helpful. Not the greatest lecturer, but the material itself is quite boring, so it's not her fault.
4.5 : My favorite teacher at Tech (it's only my 4th semester)!! She gets excited by her lectures and makes them super interesting and conversational.
4.5 : Loooooved her lectures. She made everything so interesting and I always caught myself wanting to learn more. The tests are a bit tough. Not super bad, though. She was definitely my favorite teacher of the semester!!
5.0 : She's the best prof I've taken at tech so far. Full of energy, very clear about what she's talking about. The class is very motivated and the lecture is engaging.
5.0 : Deep understanding of material that she passes on so well to students. Gives easy to remember examples and repeats the same examples so they stick with you, as do the concepts. Reading the book really helps with breadth of knowledge, class helps with depth. Very engaging, never get bored in class. Lots of essays, but they're short.
5.0 : This professor made me like law! Am I considering it as a career path? No, but after her class, I'm fascinated! Tests were fair (she literally WILL NOT test outside her study guide topics). Homework was pretty minimal and prepared you for exams. The book is crucial, and she references most of the cases mentioned in it. GREAT professor.
5.0 : amazing.
4.0 : Very good lecturer, fair grader, and helpful. Not difficult to get an A with a bit of work. Make sure essays are substantial.  Attendance counts as much as a test. Textbook is not necessary, but helpful. Copy her lecture notes, they help for the tests. Tests can be difficult, just know material thoroughly and read questions very carefully.
5.0 : One of the best professors at tech. She makes class so interesting that you forget you have to be there to get a grade. The book is a good recourse, but she teaches so well you will only need the book if you miss class for some reason, but why would you do that. Do yourself a favor and TAKE HER CLASS!!!
4.5 : She's very interesting, but tough. Definitely have to show up and pay attention to get the grade, and essays are very important to learning and the grade. The details matter a ton, not just general concepts. The book is extremely helpful, though not imperative (which she admits). If you're interested and willing to work, take her. If not, avoid her
4.0 : Two pieces of advice: go to class and read the textbook. You won't have a problem with the tests if you keep up with this.
5.0 : This class is great. If you show up to class and pay attention, you will do well on the exams. She genuinely cares about her students and her lectures are very interesting. She gives vivid examples and clearly knows the material and can convey it in a manner that is easy to understand.
5.0 : Great professor! Always willing to help outside of class. Crystal clear on what was going to be on the tests and made the subject material very interesting.
5.0 : Really interesting and passionate professor. As long as you do your wiki postings, write okay essays, and nail character matching on tests, you're guaranteed an A. He really tries to give you a high essay grade if your matching isn't too hot.
5.0 : This man. Just take him literally best decision ever. He cares about his students and tries to get everyone interested in the material he's teaching. He's also hot (lol).
5.0 : I've always hated learning about history, but his enthusiasm made history bearable! You can hear excitement in his voice when he lectures (even though it was a morning class) and he's very willing to help you if you're struggling!
4.5 : Dr Smith has been my favorite professor so far at Tech, even though I'm not a huge fan of history.  It is clear that he loves his job and the material he is teaching.  He and the TA's will be explicitly clear about what you need to do for an A, you just may need to ask them out side of class time.  Test are non cumulative and easy.
5.0 : Definitely the best professor I have had at Tech, and definitely my favorite. He is a really great guy and easy to get along with and have conversations with. In fact, I still keep in touch with him and will be taking another class with him. I hated History in high school but I loved this class and really enjoyed his lectures and teaching style.
5.0 : Loved his lectures. You can tell he really loves what he is teaching. Although he spoke really quickly, he would slow down if you asked him. He was very funny and friendly. As long as you attend class and pay attention, you can easily get an A.
4.5 : No Homework, Short Quizzes on previous lecture (was to my detriment), you will know exactly what to expect. His TA's can be tough graders on the Essay portion of the Tests which are on Historial Novels you NEED to read. Final is not Cumulative!!!
5.0 : Reading is not from a textbook, but from other books (based on this year) which are on tests. Lectures are great and tests are not too hard if you study.
4.0 : John Smith is a great guy and great professor. He really knows his stuff and truly cares about his students. Also, his tests are pretty easy which is a plus and no papers!!!
5.0 : Dr Johnny Smith is one of the best professors at GT. Do what he says, which is read your books, and take good lecture notes, and voila! You will probably be on your way to an enjoyable history class and a comfortable grade. Lectures are very entertaining and informative. Paper notes only, but this is no biggie. He loves to talk after class as well.
5.0 : He's an awesome guy. His lectures are actually entertaining to listen to, and his quizzes are 2 questions long and only cover info from the previous lecture. His tests are 25 MC and 1 essay on a historical novel he assigns. The readings are actually really interesting, and you MUST read the books to do well on the essays. Final is not cumulative.
5.0 : Dr. Smith is a great guy and a great lecturer. You can tell he really loves teaching the material and his lectures are always interesting and engaging. Always available outside of class to review the concepts, ask questions, or just talk. Go to class and read the books and you'll be fine.
5.0 : The only class I truly looked forward to this semester. His lectures are amazing. I leave each time feeling like I just gained a new prospective to life. Take good notes in class, and study them right before the exam and you'll do fine. There are books you will have to read. This class is graded by 6 things, so each one counts. Don't slack off.
3.0 : He was a good teacher and made class interesting, but his expectations of the students were incredibly high.  Homework assignments regularly took as long as 30+ hours to complete.
5.0 : Awesome professor, chill, and very helpful! Hard class by nature, but definitely a great teacher! He makes his tests as hard as they should be for this class and nothing more. Curves and is very fair.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had at Tech! Enthusiastic lectures, explains difficult concepts very well, but very quickly. Homeworks take about 10-12 hours to finish, but his exams are straightforward.
5.0 : Her lectures were very clear.
4.5 : Dr. Wang is a really good professor and you can see that she cares about the students' success. She is really good at math, but her explanations are clear without getting into so much detail that it is confusing. Her tests are definitely not bad if you know the material. I would definitely take her again!
5.0 : Amazing teacher, the best I've ever had at Tech- made an 8AM class almost captivating. He really knows his stuff, and is always kind and accessible. Pop quizzes are annoying but easy (also easy to make mistakes on though). Tests are long, so work quickly. You probably won't get an amazing grade, but you'll learn a ton.
3.5 : Covers material very fast. Gives tons of practice tests. Do the homework and the practice tests and you should have no problem getting an A or B.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had. She does an amazing job teaching the practical application of Machine Design. Lectures are crystal clear and filled with anecdotes about how she used the skills from this course in her impressive industry experience designing military satellites. If you go to office hours, you'll leave with robust understanding.
5.0 : Probably the best professor I have had at Tech.
5.0 : I did an online course of Machine Design. The concept conveyed by the professor is crystal clear. I would like to gain more knowledge from her.
3.0 : Hard class. Decent professor. Somewhat confusing and lectures fast. ALWAYS go to recitation and do all the homework. First two tests are exactly like her practice tests.
4.0 : Dr. Pollet is awesome! The class can be tough but she is always willing to help. She has a French accent but is fairly easy to understand after the 1st lecture or 2. She makes her lectures interesting, but she goes through the material pretty fast. Definitely work the practice problems. Her grading policy is generous.
5.0 : Great professor - I loved this class!  I found her lectures very interesting, and she is very helpful.
4.0 : Cares about her students and tries to make class fun. She does move very quickly but she suggests reading the textbook before class (which I never did). Exams are easy since they are identical to practice tests which are posted online, along with worksheet solutions. She's ready to answer your questions after class. She's a bit disorganized.
3.5 : her lectures are the key to success, especially the problems she does in class. study carefully, and be sure to ask her for help during office hours. sometimes it may be hard to understand her during lecture, but it gets easier with time.
4.0 : She is awesome. Very understanding. Moves really fast and her tests can be difficult, but I give her a thumbs up.
3.0 : Dr. Pollet is charming but ruthless. She moves through an insane amount of material. She's an engaging lecturer but routinely goes so fast that I get lost and take away nothing from the time in class. She's very accessible outside of class, and pretty helpful. You'll like her, but you'll end up hating life because the scope of the class is absurd.
4.0 : Dr. Pollet is a solid choice for organic chemistry.  Definitely an above average teacher.  At least for survey the class moves very quickly but the tests are fair and the grading policy is clear.  I would highly suggest going to lecture because she often has useful tips for exams in there.  Highly recommend her classes.
5.0 : Very good professor; definitely recommend. Clear expectations for the course; genuinely cares about your learning. Hilarious while teaching and definitely passionate about the subject. Get to drop lowest test and final exemption policy so always a plus.
5.0 : Pamela Pollet is AWESOME! I loved taking her class. I was a biochem major at the time I took her Orgo 1 class. I since decided to change my major, but I'm getting a minor in Chemistry, just because I get to have her for Orgo 1. She offers several help sessions, a recitationwk, and there is a way to exempt the final by getting 90 on all tests!!
4.5 : Pollet is seriously one of the best teachers I've had. She engages the class and is really easy to talk to.
4.0 : Pollet is the nicest professor I've ever had. She really cares about her students, and makes class fun. Work on the homeworks with other people and review the recommended readings before the test. If you're struggling, go to recitation or her review times. It's not hard to do well
5.0 : She is a great professor and a nice, sweet human being who cares about her students. Her lectures are good but can be fast-paced and overwhelming if you don't read ahead. I suggest printing her pre-lecture notes out and taking notes on there. Tests gradually get harder, so try to do well on the first two. Take advantage of recitations and reviews.
5.0 : Anyone interested in taking a challenging and rewarding literary course should take a class with Professor Lobnik. She is organized, easily accessible and makes guidelines very clear. Because of her class I have truly become a stronger critical reader, writer and thinker. Would strongly recommend!
5.0 : Dr. Lobnik is a really great teacher! The class discussions are always engaging and pushes you to think about things in new ways. You should definitely take her!
4.0 : Very very sweet teacher. If you participate and attend class, you'll do well. She really wants you to learn and succeed. Going to her before assignments are due and using her feedback will definitely help your grade. If you don't participate in class or attend, you will not do as well.
5.0 : Dr. Lobnik is a great professor, she's excited about what she teaches and she really cares about her students' success. Sometimes assignments instructions were confusing, but she was happy to clarify. This class was challenging and a lot of work, but Dr. Lobnik grades fairly and is always willing to help.
4.0 : Professor Lobnik ensured that each of the students were equally well informed of the themese that were covered and focused intensively on making sure that everything in class felt relevant.
5.0 : The class material is thought-provoking, as Dr. Lobnik is very passionate and knowledgeable about her field of expertise, and is subsequently an engaging orator. Participation is key in this class, and going to office hoursworking with Dr. Lobnik's suggestions is incredibly advantageous. The syllabus is straightforward and informative.
5.0 : Professor Lobnik taught an ENG101 course at Emory in the spring, and was hands down one of the best English teachers I've ever had. She was incredibly approachable, helpful, and constructive. Class discussions were sometimes a little boring, but given the subject material it can be difficult to make reading discussions engaging if not interested.
4.0 : This class isn't difficult if you put forth the effort and participate. If you don't like to talk just try because she is really good about helping you form your ideas while you participate. The syllabus is clear about expectations and she's a fair grader. No tests or quizzes and she's willing to help on projects if you need it.
4.5 : Dr. Lobnik is a great English professor. She is extremely helpful when myself and other students have questions regarding assignments and her expectations are clear-cut and realistic. The time commitment to this class is normal and her grading is very fair. Her classroom discussions are also very interesting. Definitely would recommend!
4.5 : Great professor! Always ready to help students during office hours. Very fair in terms of grading, but clear work ethic needs to be shown. I'm taking her again next semester!
2.0 : She was extremely rude, condescending, and unapproachable. When she talked about exam averages, she would blame students for 80% of the class getting a question wrong rather than re-evaluating herself. Straight out of textbook lectures but abstract exams. If you haven't taken AP Chemistry before, good luck.
5.0 : Great Chem1310 professor. I never had to read the textbook because her lectures were thorough and reflected everything on the exams. She writes the exams, I believe, so she's good about enunciating certain topics that appear on the tests. She has a personality that made lectures more interesting!
4.0 : Provides an amazing amount of resources to help you succeed but if you don't work you don't pass.
2.5 : She has an attitude that bothers a lot of people, but she's nice to people who go to office hours. She curses and is very hyperactive which makes it very distracting. READ THE BOOK.  The tests are often very tricky.
5.0 : Tests are fairly difficult due to short length and time frame but she is a really great lecturer. If you go to class and pay attention you'll be fine.
5.0 : Great lecturer, very interesting to listen to. Offers a lot of help if you seek it out. Provides plenty of study material.
1.0 : Rude! Didn't like her at all. Blamed the class for doing poorly on tests instead of reevaluating her teaching methods. Tests were abstract and often times on different material than taught in the lectures.
4.0 : Wasn't a bad teacher at all. Chem test are fairly straight forwards, and in my opinion test questions were very close to things that she would mention in lecture. I did not open my book once until I had to study for the final, so as long as you watch all the lectures you should be more than fine.
4.5 : Great professor. If you put in the effort and study, it is a very easy class. If you don't put in the effort and study, it is a very easy class to fail. I jumped from failing the class to getting an A in the class by going to office hours and studying more. If you go and ask for help, she will help you.
4.5 : Professor Schurmeier is amazing. She gets how college students think, and makes her class super user-friendly. She provides all of the necessary resources to succeed, and makes the grade requirements clear from day one. She gives great lectures because she explains things really well, but if you miss one the notes are online.
4.0 : Dr. Schurmeier was an overall good professor- her office hours are very helpful, and she always opens up extra office hours during midterm weeks. However, she can sometimes be condescending during office hours. She writes all the tests, and so her lectures are very helpful. Overall good experience with her!
4.0 : Loved Dr. Schurmeier for 1212. She's pretty young but really knows her stuff and is really engaging in lecture. Super super nice and really wants all of her students to succeed.
4.0 : Dr. Schurmeier is definitely not for everyone, but she does attempt to help the class pass or do better as a whole. She records her lectures, writes extra problems and the recitation worksheets, and posts the clicker questions. She can be rude at times, but overall she tries her best and is a great teacher if you're willing to put in effort.
4.5 : She's a pretty good professor, the lectures are REALLY helpful, well worth the 9AM class. I found the tests easy-ish, but some others did not.
5.0 : Dr. Schurmeier can come off as condescending and kinda mean, but if you get to know her she's really a nice person, and wants to help you succeed. She makes you work very hard, but provides lots of additional resources/help. Her lectures are ok, and she breaks down concepts pretty well for you to understand. Go to class; it will really help you.
5.0 : Had her for CHEM 1211 as well. Overall, a very organized professor. Her lectures are truly helpful, and she provides an enormous amount of preparatory resources for the exams. Very accessible outside of class and always willing to take the time to explain a concept.
5.0 : She  goes above and beyond in ensuring all of her students have everything they need to be successful. She is super helpful and truly wants everyone to be successful. Go to lectures, review your notes daily, and go to her office hours and you've got yourself at least a B. If she is teaching the course than take her class. You won't regret it!
4.0 : She gives very good lectures, but they come from the book material so if you read and understand the chapters you'll be be fine if you don't show up to class. But she will know if you come or not. She is very strict when it comes to rules and is not the most forgiving when it comes to special circumstances. It is not easy to get an A in her class.
5.0 : She is absolutely amazing. She really cares and puts in so much more effort on her part to make the class as do-able as possible. On the other hand the material itself is hard, but hey its GT. I thought she was one of the best professors I had all year and would taker her again.  Hope she sees this, YOUR AMAZING.
4.0 : Very well organized clear lectures. She's annoying, but if you do the work you'll learn the material and your grade turn out well. Crib sheets on every test.
5.0 : Schurmeier really provides all the resources necessary and more to be successful in her class. I took her class for CHEM 1211 and 1212. She provides practice exams which mirror tests. She comes off as scary at first, but go to her office hours and she will remember your name. If you put in the work you can at least get a B. It is not easy.
4.5 : She is a great teacher for freshman. She understands that chemistry can be tough, and does a great job breaking it down.
3.5 : I don't like chemistry so this class was a struggle for me, but I liked the way she taught the material and she is very honest about what to expect from her and the class.
5.0 : She is very passionate about the subject, and is good at explaining tough concepts.  The only issue I had was that the tests were only 20 questions so it was easy to feel like you aced it and end up with a B.  I would definitely recommend her, especially for students who aren't that great at chemistry.
4.0 : She explains the material super well. I took ap chem in high school and only had to half pay attention in class. Her notes are super organized and clear.
5.0 : Amazing teacher but make sure you do your part as the student as well. Definitely choose her over the British guy because she makes the exams and teaches based off it. She posts additional practice problems if you email her. She really cares.
4.0 : Great teacher, but a bit of an attitude. Really goes in depth. Her test averages were higher than the other sections  Chem1211
5.0 : She puts a lot of effort into giving you the tools to succeed and genuinely cares about her students. Lectures progress at a very comfortable pace, but the tests can be difficult if you don't prepare outside of class.
4.0 : She moves quickly, so it is a lot of work on your own time. Class requires a ton of time to stay on top of the material. She doesn't seem to like when questions are asked during class, but she is extremely friendly during office hours- so ask your questions then.
4.0 : I was satisfied with this course.
5.0 : Brilliant professor. It's evident that she genuinely cares about your success, and goes out of her way to make it happen. She posts practice problems on demand, and tons of other resources. Lectures are decent, and she breaks down concepts well. She's a bit snippy when she's busy, but usually if you go into office hours she is very sweet &amp; helpful.
5.0 : Great professor for general freshman chemistry. She wants you to succeed. Her exams are very straightforward and as long as you review the completed powerpoint slides and practice exams you should do well. She posts a lot of resources on T-Square to help you out. Don't bother buying the textbook you won't use it. Do the homework; it helps a lot.
5.0 : Professor Schurmeier is one of the best professors I have taken. She is down to earth and really takes the time to help you understand. Her lectures are very clear and during office hours she is always willing to help. Would take again. Also she's a babe!
4.5 : There are 3 ways to learn in this class: read the powerpoints that she posts after they are done going over them in class, go to class and learn there, or just read the textbook. Either way is fine, the only thing is that to get bucket points you have to go to lecture. She's passionate, clear and good at explaining things, overall good.
5.0 : I LOVED HER. She was a great teacher. She posts complete notes online (so you could just sit back and absorb info during lecture), old exam questions and extra problems if you need it. She is very helpful during office hours, and she really cares about her students' understanding of the material. Go to class &amp; do the work and you should be fine.
5.0 : Dr. Schurmeier has very clear lectures and is very clear on what you need and don't need to know on tests. Her tests are very fair.
5.0 : She is a really awesome professor, and she really cares about the students learning the material.  She makes it very possible to get an A, but I think she makes it a little more difficult than it has to be.  Showing up to class is important because she has clicker questions that you get points if you answer correctly or incorrectly.
5.0 : She was an excellent Professor that explained everything very well. I rarely had to read the textbook as she covered everything we needed to know in detail in lecture. Very accessible and helpful office hours. Clear course requirements and grading criteria.  At the end of the course I had a grade of 89.3 but she did round me up to an A. Great prof!
2.5 : Honestly the most condescending person I've ever met. The first few lectures were filled with people muttering about how much they hate her. Fairly good at teaching though relative to the other Gen Chem professors. Tests are really hard.
4.5 : Honestly there's no real need to attend lecture, since she posts powerpoint slides before each test. Get a good TA and go to recitation and you'll be fine. She's a little kooky but she knows a lot and if you talk to her one-on-one you'll probably get the help you need
5.0 : As someone who took AP Chem last year and struggled with/hated it, i found Dr. Schurmeier's lectures to be surprisingly easy to understand and helpful. Dr. Schurmeier is very good at explaining chemistry concepts in a straightforward way and the pacing of the class is very intuitive. Tests are fair and she is also pretty funny.
5.0 : Great professor. Very passionate and friendly. Plus on the week of the tests she will give most of her time for you during office hours. No need for book. Just study ppt slides and you should be fine. Homework is a lot, but once you get your bucket points its good. Plus its good practice. Can't go wrong taking her.
3.0 : She puts the lectures online, but I highly suggest going to class. I had Chem 1211 at 8am, and I skipped it a lot. I regret that decision. If you go to class and are attentive, you will be successful.
5.0 : The class was very straightforward. He seemed to be very personable. He always completed his own copy of the projects and presented them to the class so I knew what to expect. It wasn't extremely difficult, but the projects are worth a lot. A lot of the topics he chooses are really interesting as well.
5.0 : He's generous with grading and actually really nice. Our class only had homework every other week, and you don't have to participate during class discussion, meaning the weekly readings are optional. I never did any of the readings and got an A. Would've taken him again for 1102 if I could
5.0 : He gives a lot of feedback on projects if you go to office hours. He is very approachable and willing to work with students. His class is not very hard. There are only 3 main projects/assignments plus the portfolio. I got Bs on all of my projects but I was still able to get an A overall because of participation and other miscellaneous assignments.
3.0 : So. Much. Work. He scheduled two projects in the same week, and there is constantly something to do or read. If you want to take an easy English class, look somewhere else.
4.0 : She seems caring, but her voice is very monotone, so it is tiresome to sit through an 80 minute lecture. However, her tests are easy. Most of the questions on them come from example problems or suggested textbook problems. So, as long as you read the book the class is fairly easy.
4.0 : Very friendly and helpful, but tests are tough, so expect a lot of studying. Quizzes are taken directly from suggested homework problems.
5.0 : I am the instructor.  Thought I would start by giving myself a good review :-)
5.0 : I am just taking his CS 6446 ML4T class. He is a great professor. He is not condescending at all. He is very humble, which I think is a great attribute. So you do not feel intimidated. I wish he offered more classes!
5.0 : He's funny. Knows his stuff
5.0 : Really great professor, who does very interesting research as well. His class is not at all easy but sets you up for success in future CHBE classes. He assigns 2 homework problems due every lecture, which keeps you practicing every day, and does 2-hour evening test blocks to reduce time pressure on exams. Has good lectures and provides screencasts.
5.0 : Had Dr. Lively for 2100 and then Thermo II. Homework was optional, but highly recommended, with very heavily weighted tests (a partial grade replacement policy, though) and weekly quizzes. As with 2100, the tests were very hard (but fair). He is an outstanding lecturer too and is very approachable. If you have the chance, take Dr. Lively's class!
5.0 : Amazing teacher. Difficult tests. Favorite class I have taken so far.
5.0 : Tough
4.5 : He's good
4.0 : If you have the opportunity to take Professor Jones, take him! Not only is it an Easy A, but you learn A LOT in his class. He randomly calls on students everyday. So, if you aren't good at public speaking, you will be after this class. There is no textbook, so save your coins.
5.0 : Marty is by far the best professor I've had at Tech so far! They are not there to make you fail. It is a class built around participation and interest, and I changed my perspective on a lot of things after taking their class. They are challenging the structure and values of academics at Tech, and I hope Tech continues hiring such rad professors!
5.0 : I would take anything she teaches!11
4.5 : Marty is awesome. If your not into exploring issues of gender and sexuality do not take their class, but if you don't mind, get ready for some awesome discussion and readings about transgender and other non-conforming bodies in media. Marty is really about you exploring how approach assignments and is therefore a really forgiving marker.I recommend
5.0 : Professor Fink truly cares about their students and wants to help everyone succeed. Unlike a lot of classes at Georgia Tech, it is possible to get an A in their class. Just turn in your assignments and come to class and you will be fine.
5.0 : I loved being in Marty's class. The topic is very specific, but honestly incredibly important. If nothing else, you'll learn how to approach and think critically about queer issues.
5.0 : He is an amazing English professor. He genuinely tries to help his students and he is there when you need him: whether it is in person or via email. I would highly recommend taking him.
4.0 : Pro: great materials; fun projects and not that difficult; no exam  Con: well, I kind of expecting a more challenging final project  To sum up, great experience!
4.5 : This (Fall2014) was Prof. Gignac's 1st semester at Tech. His lectures were extremely clear and thorough and he made the subject interesting. Would definitely recommend him as one of the the most enjoyable and impressive instructors I've had thus far at Tech.
5.0 : People complain about how difficult Dr. Gignac's class is but in reality his tests are pretty easy and straight forward if you just do his practice tests. Gignac is an amazing lecturer, the best I've had in my three semesters at Tech. If you just take the time to actually understand the material getting an A is very doable.
4.5 : He really cares about his students and is by far the best math professor I've ever had. You have the know and understand the material if you wanna do well on his tests and quizzes. They aren't easy but if you study, there's no reason why you can't make an A. He gives really good lectures so make sure you come to class!!
4.5 : Dr. Gignac is really great at teaching and emphasizes understanding the material, not just memorizing formulas. I learned a lot in his class, more so than in other math classes I've taken at Tech. He gives lots of practice problems and practice tests, but his tests are still very difficult. He gives lots of MyMathLab assignments.
5.0 : Great professor and was extremely clear and thorough. please do all the homework and extra homework! would take again.
2.5 : He is very passionate about his teaching and wants you to learn. However, it is a difficult course and his lectures can be confusing at times. There's homework, just like any other math class. His tests are difficult, so study lots. Also, there is a quiz every week, which in some ways is good because you don't forget the material.
3.0 : He does speak English which is rare and definitely a plus for math teachers at tech. His lectures are pretty good, but his haughty comments get annoying. Tests are unfairly difficult in the fact that he gives practice tests which are worlds of a difference easier than the real ones and then gets  mad that students didn't do well.
5.0 : Most thoroughly engaging teacher I have had. Truly cares about student success.
4.5 : Dr. Gignac is an excellent lecturer. He gives a great basis for topics and brings really good examples to class. He is also very engaging. However, the level of difficulty and student expectations he has are very inconsistent. He definitely made the class a touch more difficult than I imagined. Would recommend if you're willing to put in some work.
3.5 : Gignac is a really nice guy and gives good lectures for an 8 AM time slot. That being said, when most of the class made an A on his first test he got upset because he didn't have a good distribution and made all of the following tests about 5 times harder. He did curve the class at the end though, which I guess sort of made up for it.
5.0 : Really great teacher. If you have any questions about readings or essays, go to office hours with a thesis or something and you'll leave with an exact plan for your essay. Lectures are engaging and different each day. Does require participation and presentations but kind of expected from a spanish class.
5.0 : I absolutely loved her class - she is engaging, kind, and interesting. The class is not difficult. Show up, participate, and do your work to earn an easy A!
4.5 : Nice guy. The class is pretty easy if you go to lecture and look at the practice problems.
4.5 : Dr. Dario's tests are easy. You will be fine if you attend his classes and do the homework. You do not need to study a lot for him.
5.0 : Great professor.  Attend class, do the homework, and study a little bit and it's very do-able.
3.0 : Dario was a good professor who explained the topics clearly and provided good examples. However, his tests and quizzes are ridiculously difficult, and he gives little to no partial credit. Also he doesn't curve whatsoever. Only take him if you have prior knowledge of multi, otherwise it's a struggle.
3.0 : He was good at explaining the concepts and the quizzes were manageable but the tests were way too hard. He gave 3 extra points on your overall grade if you attended every class and there was also a slight curve. I know other people who took this class with other profs and there tests/quizzes were much easier. I wouldn't recommend taking him.
4.5 : Professor Sponberg is a very clear, very energetic teacher that clearly enjoys teaching. Although he can get a bit ahead of himself and makes a few occasional mistakes, he is quick to correct himself, clear, and will reach out after class if he feels  something needs more explanation. An all around great guy.
5.0 : Sponberg is passionate about Physics and provides plenty of real-world applications in lectures. Compared to the other 2 instructors this semester, he is the best. I find physics challenging so spent time on WebAssign hw, did old practice tests, + went to PLUS. Classical labs, recitations, and bucket points are easy As so don't neglect those!
4.5 : I really enjoyed his class. His lectures used demonstrations to get theories to stick. Fantastic professor who knew his stuff well.
4.0 : Simon is a quirky and intelligent dude who is obviously passionate about physics! Although I never learned much in lecture, he does a fair job of explaining the concepts. Class participation/attendance is very important because of clicker questions. Tests are hard but there is a huge curve with the weighting. Definitely the best classical professor
4.0 : Sponberg is really passionate and always makes lectures interesting. To be completely honest, the material is too dense to be covered completely in lecture so you'll have to do some reading on your own. Tests are pretty tough but it's the same regardless of the professor. Do. The. Practice. Exams.
5.0 : Dr. Sponberg was a fantastic professor! His lectures were very clear and helpful, and he incorporates a lot of examples from his bio-mechanics research which makes it more interesting. He is also very energetic and cares about his students.
5.0 : He delivered clear lectures that mainly consisted of working through example problems. He was very helpful in office hours and worked with students to help them succeed.
5.0 : Most people would say the material for this class is pretty hard, but Dr. Moore makes sure you know exactly what you need to do in order to succeed in the class. He emphasizes the important topics and explains them very clearly in a funny way. 10/10 professor and would take again.
5.0 : Somehow makes boring material a little more interesting. Succeeds at showing which topics are more important.
5.0 : Always an entertaining professor even when the material is a bit dry. The class as a whole is very difficult, but it's made bearable by the professors who teach it. Dr. Moore knows what he is talking about and is more than ready to share it with students who have questions. Enthusiastic, funny, knowledgeable. 10/10 would take again!
5.0 : Fantastic teacher. He worked in movie/television production so he has some cool stories. Fair grader. Tests are reasonable. You don't need a physical textbook, but you do need the platform for homework and quizzes. There's a group project where you make a master budget, which is difficult, but he can help during office hours.
5.0 : Best professor for accounting. Took Lady Turner for Acct. 1, but this guy is so much better. Explanations are clear. Good lecturer. Won't put you to sleep. There's a lot to learn, but he's willing to help his students. Like any class, just put in the work, and you'll be fine. Homeworks help A LOT. Make the most of it.
5.0 : Vitalis cares a lot about his students and can motivate them to learn. This isn't a class you'll go to and check out on most days. Sit close and you can engage in conversations with him, he's super accessible. Gives amazing examples that don't feel fabricated.
1.0 : This professor has personal ethical issues. He claims he believes in fair grading for the sake of the students, but fails to apply his moral compass appropriately. He was directly given an opportunity to display that he genuinely cared about his student's success and well being, and scoffed at the chance. Not a professor worth respect/admiration.
4.0 : Go to class. Sign the attendance sheet. Leave. Read the book. He goes over all the relevant material you'll need to know the class before the exam. This is the only time you'll need to take notes. And bring in articles if you need to solidify that A.
5.0 : If you like speaking in class and do it a lot you can get 6% added to your grade. The tests and fairly easy as long as you read the questions now. Sometimes the lectures can be boring but the subject doesn't help that.
5.0 : I absolutely Loved Dr. Holmes! She teaches very clearly and her tests are very easy if you study what you've done in class. Quizzes aren't hard either. Made Calc 3 an awesome class for me !
5.0 : She has a great team of TAs and very helpful notes in her website. Her notes are like gem and will help you a lot for her tests. She also has papers from last semester you can practice in her website. Her lecture notes are very detailed and she covers the syllabus well enough so that you are well prepared. She also has worksheets for recitation.
4.5 : Phenomenal professor, my favorite so far. Presents things in a very clear, very easy-to-understand manner, and she's funny. Wish she could teach all my classes.
5.0 : Dr. Holmes is without a doubt the best Calc 3 professor here at Tech. She is hilarious, relatable, and she KNOWS how to teach and she does it extremely well. Her notes are very neat and color-coded and they're online, along with previous quizzestests. Everyone does extremely well in her class. You will not regret taking her.
5.0 : Easy grader, doesn't take attendance. Assessments aren't difficult and she often reuses questions from old exams. Drops lowest test and a few quizzes and homeworks. Generally great professor.
5.0 : Dr. Holmes is the best professor I've had yet -- she is incredibly approachable, has clear and easy to follow lectures, and is willing to joke with the class a little bit. Even though attendance isn't mandatory, lectures are so fantastic that you feel like you HAVE to go. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Unfortunately no longer teaches at tech. She was amazing, and I am very sad.
5.0 : DR. Holmes is the best math teacher or professor I have ever had. Her lectures, assignments, reviews, and assessments are all very clear and completely doable. I would HIGHLY recommend taking her for any class! I had her for Differential Equations, but I have no doubt she is just as amazing for every other class. TAKE HER. You will thank me later.
5.0 : Dr Holmes is without a doubt the best professor I've ever had! She is extremely knowledgeable, generous, clear, funny, helpful, and any other positive adjective you can think of. She is also very caring for her students: willing to sit down with me for 2 hours to discuss what I should take in the future and career prospects. I highly recommend her!
5.0 : By far the best teacher I've had here at Tech. She made topics easy to learn and was always willing to help if you have a question.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've had hands down. Taught the material clearly and was incredibly focused on making this a delightful learning experience rather than a just another stressful class.. If you do the homework religiously you should get an A easily
4.5 : Holmes was one of the best professors I've had so far. Incredibly straightforward and funny, she's very clear about what she expects of you on her tests. She gets grades up within a few days and clearly cares deeply about her students. She puts in more work than most professors at Tech, and she does it for her students.
4.0 : Honestly the nicest and most relatable professor I have ever had. Exams are straight off the handouts and homework. Gives back points on exams if 50% class gets it wrong. Prints lecture handouts for you. Goes a little bit fast and skims over some concepts, but is happy to go back if you just ask. Though attendance not mandatory, its def helpful.
5.0 : Young was a good professor. He was entertaining and made class fun to go to.  Everything was straight up. HW was easy, quizzes were easy and the tests were pretty much taken from the quizzes.  He also gave us extra credit. Would definitely take him again.
4.0 : Dr. Yu is a very cool cat. Her homework is not easy, and her tests were pretty hard for a mortal like me. However, she has a clear passion for mathematics, and that clearly shows in her teaching. Sometimes her explanations are a little murky, but she's always happy to try to clarify. She also grades on the easy side. Good professor.
3.5 : She's a pretty reasonable professor overall, she explains things pretty well, her tests and quizzes are not easy, but if you know the material, you should be okay, going to class isn't mandatory, but it can help
5.0 : I had an excellent experience in this class. The lectures were very good in my opinion, but the homework is very difficult. Expect to put a lot of time into the homework. Generally, I found her to be a very reasonable and caring professor. It's hard, but I'd recommend her. I learned a ton.
5.0 : Great professor and the class is really interesting, would definitely recommend. Class was comprised of 10 quizzes, 6 homeworks, and a final - each having equal weight.
4.5 : Necati is amazing! Literally the best prof. I've ever had at GT. The material is tough and you will have to work, but practice makes perfect in this class. You will use a lot of Excel. He doesn't take attendance but it will hurt you if you don't go. I always needed help and he never got frustrated with me for asking him to go over it again.
5.0 : Professor Tao is a blessing.  He cares about his students and their learning so much that he will often over explain things to make sure you get it. Class consists of  4 quizes and 3 tests,  the syllabus says you need a 93 for an A, but the average for everything is around a 90 and you also get a cheat sheet for everything. He is Awesome. Take him
5.0 : This is a great prof, He cares about the students a lot. Even though his cutoff point for A is 93, but the test and quizes are not hard at all and the class average is around 90. Definitely recommend this prof, choose him if you can.
5.0 : The class is easy as long as you don't expect to show up and pass. The exams and quizzes are fair, straightforward and even easy if you do your work. He explains the concepts well and is very respectful towards students.
4.5 : Very nice and respectful to students, cares about his teaching.  Class consisted of 6 HW's and a final, none of which were too difficult.  Test and HW's were representative of what we learned in class.   Would definitely recommend.
4.0 : This class has the most forgiving grading criteria and easiest tests I've had at tech. You get a full page for a crib sheet and the tests are right from the HW, which is 55% of your grade. Lectures are fairly boring and right out of the book, but not attending can mean you miss some important stuff.
4.0 : Great professor. Tests are similar to homework and lectures are insightful. Very nice attitude toward teaching as well.
5.0 : Dr. Oliver is great! Econ has always been hard for me, but Dr. Oliver does a great job of explaining everything. He's also a funny guy and inserts jokes in between his lectures to make the hour and half class not so brutal. Makes it clear what it takes to get a good grade in his class and even says he gives out a lot of As. Attendance is mandatory.
4.5 : Took him for environmental econ (small class) and it was the best experience. Minus the research paper, his class was easy and he's super passionate about it. He's always available to help even outside office hours. He also gives you the questions for the midterm and final, so it's nearly impossible to fail. Also has some solid stories
3.5 : I loved Professor Oliver! He used to be in a band and has a ton of tattoos and an overall awesome personality. He really knows his stuff with Econ, and teaches with powerpoint slides that he posts online. If you go to class (occasional attendance checks) and study the power points, you will do just fine. Also gives weekly quizzes, but no big deal.
3.5 : Took this class for the chili pepper. Update: he doesn't deserve the chili.  But seriously, if you go to class and pay attention, you'll be fine and won't need the book. He's a cool guy, definitely loves Econ, but didn't make me love the subject or anything.
5.0 : Super easy class. Attendance checks are random, easy quizzes every friday, and he is super clear about what you need to know to do well on the tests. Not much homework. He is super passionate about economics and will answer any questions you have. Easy A if you study. Would highly recommend
4.0 : He is a very good professor, and really knows the material. Even of you can't make his set office hours, he is usually able to make time for you.
5.0 : Super clear about how to get an A. His lectures are pretty good. I was able to fully concentrate  around 85-90% of time. He gave my class 2 pts &amp; 4 pts for the midterm &amp; final respectively. He drops the lowest quiz grade &amp; several homework grades. As long as you study &amp; do the online practice problems, you good. (Don't buy book, it's all online.)
5.0 : Professor Oliver is engaging during lectures and passionate about his field and wants his students to feel the same. He was available to talk to and ask questions even during non-office hours. He was a fair grader and all grading assessments were fair as well. You generally knew what to expect. Don't buy the textbook, just the online access.
4.0 : The only reason you need the textbook is for the online access code for the homework. The best part is attendance is not mandatory - especially if you took AP Microeconomics before this class. I didn't attend a single class and still made an A. Just make sure you do the homework to review, and read his PowerPoints that are online and you'll do fine
3.0 : Your grade is just homework, weekly quizzes, the midterm, and the final, so make sure to do the homework because it boosts your grade up. Overall, the class wasn't hard, but the midterm was a good bit tougher than the final. His lectures were interesting at the beginning when the material was easy. As the material got harder, the book was necessary
4.0 : The way Oliver's course worked, at least for ECON2106 in the summer, attendance wasn't mandatory, but there were benefits that came with attending lecture every day. He isn't as strict as he will seem from the syllabus, and in class he is actually very fun. He likes to talk about his family, but he doesn't get so off track that he forgets to teach.
1.0 : Lectures are useless but the class is very easy.  He preaches about politics a lot, so steer clear if you find that annoying.
4.0 : Funny guy, fair grader. Drops a lot of quizzes and homeworks and stuff. Super liberal and goes on a lot of rants.
4.0 : Very enjoyable professor. He teaches what he loves and he does it well. It's possible to skip lectures and pass but don't do it. He gives extra credit to those who show up regularly. Left-leaning but respectful to all views (I am conservative and I was fine). Does not curve. 9.5/10 would take again.
5.0 : Dr. Oliver was a great teacher! Although the lectures aren't mandatory, definitely go to them. He'll sometimes give out easy extra credit during class and tell you what to memorize for the test. He does go off on rants sometimes (mainly about politics) but I found them pretty interesting.
5.0 : Salomone is a GREAT lecturer, and has really fascinating insights. We had lots of reading in the class but I did about 50% of them and got an A+ in the class, because he does such thorough test review (lol he showed us the final and went over it before it happened). Had him for Great Power relations. I highly recommend it.
4.5 : Dr. Ulgado sets very high standards for his class and treats us like we are professionals. His lectures are a bit dry, but there is lots of material to cover and he tries to make it interesting by providing examples. Tests are easy if you read the book. Do the extra credit, even if you don't need it
4.5 : i hate english but this i loved this class. interesting topic and great professor. workload is completely manageable
5.0 : It is a very open class. I took the class with about 19 other people. Although participation in class does not really matter too much, after a couple days, you just naturally want to participate more. Dr. Browning makes it interesting and grades leniently. Awesome prof.
5.0 : I took Dr. Browning's Engl 1101 class about monstrosity, so I decided to take his Engl 1102 class about vampires and zombies. He is awesome. He is a lenient grader and understands circumstances. I accidentally forgot to send him the link to my video project, but he simply told me to send it to him. He didn't take off any points for lateness.
5.0 : I hate English, but this class was so chill and so was he. Assignments are easy and he is easily approachable and loves to help. Definitely recommend!
3.0 : His Monsters in film class was easy. No books, a lot of film analysis. That's the one thing he's good at, getting students to understand horror in film and recognize it and bias in media. We had essentially no meaningful discussions in class and I learned little about English. Lots of in or out of class workdays were nice though.
5.0 : He's a good teacher. Tries to be fair with students and essays aren't hard. Group projects are easy if you cooperate. BE AWARE his classes fill up quickly, usually has class around 1.
4.0 : I took his class on Slasher films. It was super interesting, as he is very passionate about them, and we mainly just watched slasher movies in class and had light reading for homework occasionally. The projects, on which the grade was mainly based, could be time consuming and he grades them pretty tough. Overall a good class, would take again.
5.0 : Browning is a pretty solid english prof. For the Slasher course, the readings are few, relatively short, and honestly interesting. I don't remember doing any work in the course that I didnt enjoy. In class, either you will participate in a discussion or watch a movie.
5.0 : He's a fantastic professor, but if you're looking to breeze through an English class, don't take him. His projects require a lot of time and he grades them pretty tough. You do leave the class with a great insight of slasher films though, and he makes lectures/classes really interesting and fun.
4.0 : As a mechanical engineer, this is the only English class I've ever liked attending in my life.  His 1102 class is about vampires and zombies, and Dr. Browning never fails to make class interesting.  There's very little homework, but he does assign 4 essays.  He's not a harsh grader so if you put in the effort you shouldn't have any trouble.
5.0 : The course is very interesting, and Dr. Browning is very helpful.
4.0 : My English class was about horror movies, which I hate, but I still loved the class! Dr. Browning can be very entertaining at times and the workload of the course is very manageable, just a few major essay-type projects and assignments. He is a lenient and fair grader and gives very helpful feedback if you ask him questions in class.
4.5 : He's an entertaining professor with the most unique views. This is the only English class I'be ever looked forward to. Homeworks are pretty standard and are surprisingly more fun than you think.
4.0 : An entertaining and knowledgeable English class. Nearly no homework besides readings that are only mentioned in discussion and can be cited in a project later. He's super chill and is not really hesitant when it comes to extensions (One kid mentioned the due date in class and he gave us an extra three days). He's a fair grader and responds to email
5.0 : Awesome guy. Only 4 projects a semester and only 1 was a paper (3 pages double spaced). He is super nice and to get an A in his class all you really have to do is put a little effort in it, he is not a hard grader at all. Plus the class is super interesting itself.
4.0 : Browning is a chill, interesting professor, and even for a person grossed out by horror and gore like myself, the Slasher film class was a good experience. There's few readings and they are quite fascinating, and essays are basically non-existent. We typically watch movies or have informal discussions in class. Should be an easy A if you put effort
5.0 : AMAZING! Best English class ever!! Dr. Browning is passionate about the alter subgenre and an expert on it. Made the class really interesting. A few short readings and zero essays. The projects and class discussions were enjoyable. Just put in the work and show up, should be an easy A.
5.0 : Loved Dr. Browning's ENGL 1102 class.
3.0 : Very easy class, you can expect a solid A if you just go to class and do the work. Class gets a little boring after the first month, but he's a nice professor.
4.5 : good professor, but the video presentations that he makes you do instead of the normal in person presentations that other sections do take a lot of time to make.
4.0 : Kurfess is just the overall ME 2110 professor which is one of the most time consuming, difficult, and stressful classes you'll ever take in your life (40+ hrs a week). His lectures teach you some things, but also consist alot of him talking about what he does in life which is sorta interesting. Your grade depends on your TA and lab instructor.
5.0 : best TA I've ever had. Really cool guy. Willing to think through problems with you and offer good solutions. knows what he's doing
5.0 : Li is a great instructor, I really enjoy his class.
3.0 : Hard to understand him with his accent, lectures are pretty boring too.
5.0 : good
4.5 : Energetic professor who makes a boring class interesting. 80% of your grade is tests, but the tests are extremely straightforward. I would highly recommend.
5.0 : Really awesome professor who cares about his students. He has a lot of really unique experiences that play a huge role in the classroom and you can tell that he knows his stuff. Thoroughly enjoyed this class and wish that I could take it again!
4.5 : Daily attendance (you can skip 3) (10 pts) and requires you to participate at least 20 times a semester (he keeps track)(10 pts). Read the book before each lecture, and if you read the book  as you go, you don't need to study for the tests. The tests are multiple choice, STRAIGHT from the book and class discussion. Final is like tests.
5.0 : Prof. Mourigal is a great lecturer, he clearly is very interested in the subject matter and engages his students. That being said, classical Physics 2 is one of the most difficult classes I've ever taken. Expect to work in this class.
5.0 : He is excellent at explaining what is one of the hardest subjects at Tech. Had the best lecture notes I've ever gotten from a teacher and he was pretty good about posting them after each class. Those notes were a life saver during homework and while studying. Keeps class interesting and is pretty funny
5.0 : Dr. Mourigal is a great professor, he was excellent at teaching, fun, and he really cares about the success of his students. The difficulty of the class is due to the physics department, not to him personally, and he really tries to help you learn the material. Overall, he's a great professor and my favorite I've had after a year at Tech.
5.0 : He's super helpful and approachable. If you show an interest in the subject manner he'll definitely be there to help you out and have a discussion with you. Even if you don't understand what's going on he's willing to give extra help if you seek it.
5.0 : Professor Mourigal is a great professor and I would definitely take this class with him again. He's got some great french/france related humor and teaches the class in a very fun way. Regardless, This is a HARD class and you will have to work hard and read the book if you hope to do well. This is no fault of his but rather of the material itself.
5.0 : Dropped lowest quiz and test (only had 3 of each). Tests on the material he teaches so no surprises. 87% is an A. Nuff said.
4.0 : Very casual and unrigid manner of teaching made for an environment that let me learn far more effectively. Dro pping the lowest exam and lowest quiz made it so that I could relax and do my best to learn at my own leisure, not at the proverbial gunpoint past classes have had me at.
4.5 : Professor Tong was great! I took Microeconomics with her during a short-summer semester. This was her first time teaching so I was a little worried going into it, but I ended up loving her class. Instead of giving homework, she did problems in class  so that any questions we had could be answered then and there. Tests weren't too bad either.
4.5 : TAKE TINGTING!! She's the cutest little Asian woman who is so sweet and will go out of her way to help you if you have a problem. She gives 10 pop quizzes throughout the semester that are graded on attendance (not if your answers are right). Most test questions resemble old tests and quizzes.
4.0 : TT is ADORABLE. She's easy to understand, and if you go to class and pay attention, you'll likely get the grade you want. She's super nice and really really wants her students to understand the material. I LOVED THIS CLASS AND PROF.
4.0 : Grad student professor who won't be available for long so take her while you can. If you show up to class, write your name on the pop quizzes it's an easy 100. I never payed attention in class and got a A on every test by googling the quiz questions (you can find test problems online often). She will ask questions and be awkward if no one responds.
4.0 : Awesome professor! Answers all your questions whether through e-mail, or during lectureoffice hours. Truly cares that you learn the material and is passionate about teaching it! You can succeed in this course as long as you stay on top of homework and make sure to ask questions when they come up! I would definitely recommend Professor Lim!
4.5 : Professor Lim really cares about his students. He takes time to learn names and to stop and ask the class if everything is clear. Very open to helping students, especially in office hours.  He really tries to make the class applicable by using many examples and relating it to student's lives. Really recommend him!
4.0 : - You will be participating every day of lecture. - The classes are really small (10-15 students). - He gives a syllabus that tells you when certain assignments are due, but it's hard to tell what exactly he wants done. - He's pretty down to earth and clearly has fun teaching the class, definitely my favorite class I've taken so far.
5.0 : I took Stuart over the summer for a study abroad program. He is  a very passionate professor who is willing to take the time to explain any and everything to you. He is certainly not a monotone professor,  he is energetic and quirky and keeps the mood alive in the room. If you do not learn anything from him, clearly you are not trying.
4.0 : Excellent teacher. He is consistently professional and exceptionally knowledgable, but is more than willing to give one on one help and explain things in the simplest terms of needed. Keeps students engaged and can be very energetic. Would take again (and actually am).
4.0 : Very engaging, be prepared for class every day, doesn't always collect homework but do it so you are prepared, grading scale and syllabus aren't too clear.
4.0 : Had her for ENG1102 (19th century women's literature when I took).  She is very clear in her teaching and what it takes to succeed in class .  There is a LOT of reading, but if you participate the class is an easy A with a nice teacher who is there to help you.  Would recommend, and if I was passionate about women's studies I would take again.
4.5 : I took her 19th Century American Women's Lit class, and while there was a lot (a lot!!) of reading, the work wasn't hard at all-- mostly analysis and a final presentation about a topic of your choice. The project seems like a challenge, but if you pick a good topic, it's actually fun. If you follow the instructions, you'll probably get full credit.
5.0 : Dr. Allukian's ENGL 1102 Feminism in the Age of Social Media was my favorite class! She is very passionate on the topic, and it's contagious. This class is heavily based off of readings and class participation. Dr. Allukian is a very fair grader, and just wants to see that everyone puts in effort. She wants her students to learn and succeed.
5.0 : I took Dr. Allukian for English 1102: Feminism in the Age of Social Media. The class was heavily focused on participation and discussion on readings we did the night before, which was very engaging and a lot of fun most of the time. Everything was graded very fairly and easily, mostly based on the effort you put in. Would highly recommend!!!
4.5 : There is a ton of assigned reading and required participation, but I got pass the class barely reading anything and participating. Very passionate about her topic and sometimes ends up discussing a lot herself. Homework wasn't too hard, with the only essay being the mandatory semester project every class has. Attendance is mandatory though.
5.0 : Had a great experience in the class. I went in expecting the worst and ended up looking forward to class everyday. We did research together as well - very knowledgable in her field and awesome to work with. Have recommended her class to students before and would do it again in a heartbeat.
4.0 : I took Dr. Allukian for 19th century women's literature. Be prepared to read A LOT. We read about 5 chapter books and the final paper is difficult! Be on time and don't miss class because she is VERY serious about being punctual. Also, if you are not an outspoken person... do not take this class because we sit in a circle and have discussions!
3.5 : She is witty, caring and passionate about her field (Women's 19th century literature). Be prepared to read A LOT during the first half of the semester. Every class is discussion based on reading. She assigns homework that correlates to the reading and they take a long time. But if you do them well, she will definitely reward you for them.
5.0 : Dr. Greg Mayer is a hilarious, well-respected, and incredibly kind guy. He teaches very well and at an appropriate pace, and though the course content may be difficult, he makes it reasonably easy to follow. He is highly accessible during office hours AND VERY HELPFUL IN THEM, and the tests are EXACTLY like the lecture and homework. He's very nice!
4.5 : Great! The homeworks and the practice quizzes help sometimes. Most ppl exempt the final ( 92). He is EXTREMELY nice w/ homework extensions and lame excuses for why you missed pop quizzes (the thurs. before quizzes). Lot of hw on my math lab. Super slow, so use tegrity &amp; watch at 2x speed
4.0 : I love Greg. His lectures weren't always the best, but he was super helpful and nice if you ever asked him for any assistance. He is also rather hilarious. The tests were very easy. There were 4 regular tests, and a noncumulative final. I would highly recommend taking a class with Greg if you can.
5.0 : I took his linear algebra class online, and I definitely recommend him! Dr. Mayer is a fun and extremely nice person. If his lectures aren't clear enough, he's always willing to help students outside of class, and will stay up late answering Piazza questions. If you understand the homework and practice test, you should be fine.
5.0 : Very nice, caring professor. He was often available for extra help and to regrade tests if you requested and was generous about giving points back. Homework wasn't too overwhelming and he would give extensions if you asked. Lectures weren't super dry; he makes some offhand comments that are entertaining but he mostly stays on task
4.0 : Took, fall of 2015. His lectures were being recorded, and seemed that medium wasn't quite inline with his teaching style, but by the middle of the semester he was more comfortable. He is very helpful and typically grants extensions on homework if you need it. Test problems are harder than the homework, so ensure you do extra practice. Go to class.
1.0 : Very disorganized bad teacher in general
5.0 : Dr. Mayer is pretty awesome, easily the nicest professors I've had thus far. The test difficulties varied greatly (90 on one test and 50ish on another- even though I studied hard for both and felt I was prepared). He does some participation stuff throughout the semester. The quizzes are pretty short and straight forward.
5.0 : Really helpful if you ask for help.
3.0 : He reminds me of Dale from Horrible Bosses. Anyways he talks really slowly, so it's best to watch lectures online at 2x speed. There's A LOT of MML homework, but he's super chill on deadlines. Some of his tests are straightforward, but some have questions that are nothing like the ones gone over in class or on the practice quizzes.
4.0 : He is a pretty easy grader and usually gives partial credit on tests. He's also pretty nice and if you ever forgot to do homework on time, you can email him and he'll probably reopen the assignment for a day or two. His lectures are pretty dry and not super interesting, but worth going to if you don't want to learn the material on your own.
4.0 : Dr. Mayer is a good professor who makes it easy to succeed. The lecture slides are easy to follow, especially if you print them out beforehand. There's a decent amount of online homework, but he understands if you submit something late. The only downside perhaps is that there are only four quizzes before the final, though they aren't terribly hard.
4.0 : I freaking love Dr. Mayer; he is the funniest prof I've had in a while and is so caring! :)
4.0 : He is a light hearted professor who is dedicated to his students. He explains topics fairly well and he is very available to his students. He even does extra study sessions. However, he does make a lot of mistakes in class. The class has homework but its not unbearable. The tests are fairly easy. If you can take the distance learning section.
4.5 : Got sick and he graciously extended homeworks for me.
4.0 : Dr. Mayer definitely care and felt accessible. The homework is very reasonable, usually didn't take longer than half an hour per assignment. Tests did get harder towards the end of the course. But he is more than willing to give partial credit. He gives a "sample midterm" before each test, which is very similar to what the test will be like. 8AM.
4.0 : Dr. Sun's course (Economic Dec. Analysis) isn't difficult; follow the book and don't stop asking questions and he won't let you fail.  Dr. Sun is engaged and will help you succeed.  The final course project (group work) was extremely interesting and served as a great application of coursework.
5.0 : Excellent course by an excellent professor. Final project adds a nice touch.
4.0 : At the Masters-level, Prof. Drev is a no-nonsense, strait-to-the-point professor. His classes are challenging but they are worth it. He's a great person overall and really wants you to do well.
5.0 : Lectures were extremely clear: discuss new concept, then go through examples. All notes were written on the projector and uploaded online, and there were quizzes most days, but they didn't count for a lot and helped make sure I didn't get behind. Homework was helpful, and helped immensely for tests.
5.0 : Dr. Zhang is a really good professor; if you're taking ECE 2040, please consider her!!
5.0 : he's a good professor who tries to make class fun by making a lot of jokes. He knows his material well and has good stories. The tests weren't too hard, but the lab portion will be hard
5.0 : Legendary.
5.0 : He really cares about his students individually and wants them to succeed. Even though he travels a lot and does a lot of research he always will help students outside of class. His lectures are extremely enthusiastic; sometimes he goes off topic, but the tangents are usually hilarious.
4.0 : Need to read and participate. Hard grader but if you work for it you should come out with a good grade. Much more helpful during office hours and looks favorably on anyone who comes to office hours. Plenty of opportunities to help your grade and a fair grader for the most part.
5.0 : I took her Obsession topic in Spring. We read multiple novels but only one artifact that dealt with those. The books are used to discuss your topic, but she occasionally does small reading quizzes (ex cred on those). The key is to choose topics that interest you and communicate w/partners on your two group assignments. I really enjoyed this class
2.5 : Dr. Lobdell has a fun and engaging class that focuses on discussion. Assignments often focus on forms of communication other than the traditional essay, but feedback comes several weeks after the original submission. Points are taken for no apparent reason, and what little feedback is given offers no explanation. Seems annoyed when approached...
4.0 : She cares about the course material. If you care about English and like reading/writing to some extent, the class is no problem. If you aren't really interested in English, the class is a grind.
4.5 : Dr. Lobdell is a fantastic professor. I had her 1101 class in the summer, and I was extremely impressed by her teaching, to the point that I took her 1102 class in the fall. Her assignments are anything but boring. Her class strays from the traditional English class, and it vastly implements the use of technology.
5.0 : Very good lecturer, tough but does a good job of teaching the information. Fair grader.
4.5 : Very helpful, clear lectures. She really wants the class to be engaged in what she's teaching  and will nag you until you participate, which is good because you really have to be paying attention in lecture. Would recommend her for any IE class. Tests and homeworks are difficult but fair
5.0 : Brilliant professor. One of the most caring professors, who could actually teach well, and gave really good feedback on homework. The class was structured really well, and definitely involved a lot of problem-solving.
5.0 : He's the best! Definitely take him if you can! He was sassy, but the fun kind of sassy. Super relatable and easy to approach. You have pop quizzes almost every week, but you get 100 as long as you're in class and do it. You also have weekly book quizzes to take, so don't skip out on those. He definitely got me interested in the field of psychology!
4.5 : Very enthusiastic about his classes. Lectures are well organized and easy to follow, although you don't really have to go to class too often since his power points come straight from the online textbook that you have to read from anyways.
5.0 : Professor Stanzione is really passionate about what he teaches. He makes his classes interesting by including videos of Psychology experiments and class examples to help us understand the content better. You can tell he really wants his students to succeed and is willing to help at any time. His tests aren't difficult if you put in the effort.
5.0 : So lucky for being in his class. He uses vivid examples in class thus the lectures are really interesting and you will never fall sleep! Tests are easy if you work hard. He offers extra credits and getting an A is easy. I looooooove his class! Definitely take his class if you have a chance!
4.5 : He is an amazing professor who is very passionate about psychology.  His lectures are extremely informative and he makes the material very engaging.  He happens to be incredibly sassy (in a good way).  In order to get an A in PSYC110 , one must do all the online readings and attend all the lectures.  This professor ultimately wants you to succeed.
5.0 : Great teacher. Interesting class!
5.0 : Stanzione is one of my favorite professors I've taken. He's hilarious and relatable and makes class interesting. Tests are pretty easy, I only study about two hours the night before and get A's. There are some pop quizzes but their group-work and everyone gets a 100. The reaction papers seem extra in the beginning, but they get easy with practice.
4.0 : Stanzione was a very entertaining lecturer who was clearly passionate about the subject. He was very student-friendly and easy to get along with. Just watch out for a lot of reading each week for homework. However, his tests were extremely easy considering how much he prepared us for them!
5.0 : Dr. Stanzione is the man! I wish he taught all my classes. His lectures are engaging and easy to follow, and the tests are straight out of what he talks about in class. An important thing to note is that he does give out pop quizzes periodically, so go to class often. I highly recommend Dr. Stanzione, take him if you can!
5.0 : Take him. Tests are straight forward. His lectures are actually entertaining even if you absolutely hate psyc. He makes me laugh at least once every lecture. Make sure you are on top of the online home and online labs. They're easy and that can really take a hit on your grade if you forget to do it. Take him if you need social science/ethic credit
5.0 : I had Stanzione for Personality Theory (2240) and it was one of the funnest and easiest classes I've ever taken. There was quite a bit of reading and a lot of papers, but the papers are graded easily and the readings are all covered in lecture. Stanzione is a chill, funny dude and makes it easy to succeed. Would recommend.
4.5 : Great instructor, the lectures are always engaging. If you keep up with reading the tests are easy. Reading is usually interesting. Pop quizzes are easy 100's you just have to go to class.  Great guy, he is always funny and entertaining.
5.0 : Lots of reading. Tests are non-cumulative. Weekly homeworks. Decent amounts of work, though the work itself isn't particularly hard. Easy A if all the reading and homework is done as per schedule.
3.0 : Stanzione is a great, respected psychology professor, but in 2240 (personality theory), he makes the class more of a psych elective. You still learn, but not as much as you could. Easy exams if you study the slides. Seems like there are a lot of writing assignments, but they aren't bad at all.
5.0 : Best professor I think I'll ever have at Tech. He was a little sassy at times but overall great lecturer and really cares about his students. Have to go to class because he has pop quizzes, but the pop quizzes are extremely easy and you'll get a 100 if you show up. Weekly homework. Never read the textbook, just skimmed and went to lectures.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Super funny and class is interesting so I didn't mind going. He gives pop quizzes about once a week, but they are simple and you can use your notes. Tests are straightforward if you read the textbook and review lecture notes. Would definitely recommend.
5.0 : Great great professor and person (uh... professors are still people). Please please follow what he says. Doing it his way is the minimal effort way. Find a friend in that class, study together. Stanzione really does want you to succeed. He REALLY cares about his students. Take him if you can, take the class later if you can't.
3.0 : Not worth the hype. Sure he's a nice guy I guess but just an average professor.
5.0 : Jin really wants his students to get good grades, tests are based directly off example problems done in lecture (the final exam literally used the exact questions given in the practice exam). Should be able to get an A if you study for tests (and quizzes!!!!). Quizzes every thursday in recitation.
3.0 : He genuinely cares about his students and wants you to succeed - not to mention he is a riot in lecture! However, he doesn't explain concepts very well and can be confusing. I found myself relying on patrickJMT's math lessons on YouTube for the concepts I didn't learn in high school. Review the problems he works in class - you'll see them reappear!
5.0 : Great professor overall. Really good at explaining, does not move too fast, takes the time to explain thoroughly, and spends most of his time on relevant application rather than proofs. Tests are very fair and are similar to in-class problems, though they do require studying (obviously). The textbook helps, as he often draws examples from there.
3.5 : *thumbs up*
5.0 : Jin is not only hilarious but he also understands the stuff he teaches really well. The only quirk about him is that English isn't his first language and he has a thick accent, so sometimes he struggles to find the words for things, but when he does find the words he explains things really well. Go to class because he puts class examples on tests.
5.0 : jin is amazing. he is hilarious, and a great professor. his tests are EXACTLY what he says they will be. he is a super nice guy and really cares about his students.
5.0 : Dr. Jin's lectures were amazingly hilarious. Absolutely made my day every time. He's not the best communicator with concepts, but he is very reasonable with what he asks on his tests/quizzes. He also has a lot of office hours, so he is very accessible outside class. He doesn't show it a lot, but he really cares about your success. Great prof.
5.0 : Jin, even though doesnt have the best teaching style, is an amazing professor. He really cares about his students and his lectures are very entertaining. He is extremely clear about what is going to be on tests and quizzes, and doing well on tests is completely attainable
4.0 : He was a pretty chill guy, we joked around a lot in class with him which was fun.  His English is a little spotty but he gives into peer pressure pretty easily.  So basically sit in the front row and be friends with him, ask for extra credit worksheets, etc. and you might be surprised.
5.0 : Had this professor for both 1551 and 1552, really enjoyed both classes. Jin made it worth showing up to lecture every day and gave lots of test questions during lecture.
5.0 : So we told Jin he had a 4.4 on this website, he asked "well why is it not a five?"
5.0 : Hope there will be more professors like Dr. Jin at Gatech! I really think he is super smart enough to communicate with students with math language directly instead of tedious illustration of concepts! What is amazing is he can use the simplest words to illustrate a very complex concept clearly! I am now taking his diffeq 2552! Highly recommend!
5.0 : Jin is pretty Awesome. His english isn't the best but he 's a great lecturer and his sense of humor is epic. If you've only taken the ab AP calculus class, you might have a little difficulty when it comes to the ap course matter.
5.0 : Had Jin for both 1551 and 1552 last year. Managed an A with an 89 in both classes. Jin is a really great guy who grades fairly and truly cares about his students. Does an impressive job making calculus enjoyable and easy. Tests are very fair and he makes attending lecture worth it by basing test questions on in-class examples.
3.0 : I had a hard time learning from him, he even admitted that he wasn't sure how to teach some things. Recitation is crucial go to every one. The test and quiz problems at the middle and end of the semester were very difficult and no one in my section felt prepared. He loves Game of Thrones and dry humor. tldr: cool guy, bad at lecturing.
3.0 : Jin is an alright professor. His reviews on here are too over hyped. He focused too much on theory in lecture that was either unnecessary or confusing. However, he was clear on what we needed to know for tests. Tests were not difficult as long as you studied what he told you too. HW was not graded but helpful to do before tests.
4.0 : He could be hard to understand at times, but he made class interesting. He is hilarious and very easy to meet with outside of class. He explained material well, and tests were very fair. I would highly recommend.
5.0 : He genuinely cares about students and wants to interact with them.
4.5 : Although it can get boring at times, Dr. Reinhard is a great lecturer. He engages the students and speaks passionately. Super nice guy and very accommodating if you have questions. Powerpoint slides that are used in lecture and posted on T-square reflect the tests. There aren't any curveballs-pretty straightforward! Best professor for EAS1601!
5.0 : Your grade is based on 2 midterms, final exam, and labs. All the exams were very straightforward that tested to see if you understood various scientific concepts. I only attended 2/3s of his lectures and found the tests very easy by reviewing his lecture slides the day before. You could probably skip most of the lectures and still manage an A.
5.0 : Dr. Reinhard is one of the best professors I've ever had. He's passionate, extremely intelligent, and knows his stuff. Lectures are super fascinating. He even gives extra credit. It's great. His exams are not difficult if you attend lectures and read the lecture PowerPoint slides. Labs are easy too. Loved his course.
5.0 : Dr. Reinhard's class was easily my all time favorite class that I've taken. His lectures are extremely interesting and as long as you go to lectures, pay attention, and review the slides before an exam I guarantee you'll get an A, and that's not asking for much considering it's tech. Seriously, best professor ever.
5.0 : Literally the easiest lab on campus. Also, Chris isn't hard to look at.
5.0 : Tests were very straightforward, lectures were very entertaining and I highly recommend!
5.0 : Super easy and accessible lab course if that's what you're looking for! Chris is engaging, he puts things in very clear terms, and his enthusiasm for the subject shows. Also, he's hot af, doesn't hurt.
4.0 : probably taught the easiest lab science on campus
4.5 : Teaches with clarity and enthusiasm with a obvious passion for his field. His tests are fairly easy with the right amount of studying and effort, of course. The tests are derived directly from his lectures so be sure to attend and pay careful attention! He never includes nit-picky, purely factual questions rather, the exams are more concept based.
5.0 : Easiest lab science at GT. It's a huge lecture hall class, but he gives great lectures. He is very passionate about his subject, which makes his teaching more interesting. Labs are on the computer and usually only take 1-2 hours. Only 3 tests (including final) and are concept heavy.
5.0 : This guy is the greatest professor of all time. He's a really genuine and cool guy who is extremely passionate about what he does. He gives phenomenal lectures and is very explicit with what he wants. If you study the slides, you'll do well on the tests. The only homework we got was two writing assignments, which were pretty fun and interesting.
5.0 : Professor Reinhard is an unbelievable professor. He cares a lot about his subject but also wants his student's to succeed. Tests are straight from the power point. Show up and listen, and you will pass. Show up and put some effort and I guarantee you will get an a.
5.0 : Chris is a great lecturer, and I could always tell that he cared about the material was presenting. I really liked how he structured the course, and the tests reflected his lectures very closely. I always went to his lectures, paid attention, and got an A without much more effort.
4.0 : Chris was a great Professor, and even though the subject he taught was pretty boring, he did a great job keeping me entertained and focused. I went to 75% of the lectures and just read the slides and studied practice tests and was fine
5.0 : A hard Georgia Tech STEM course is when you work tirelessly &amp; sleeplessly, only to still feel like you failed miserably. An easy course is when you can guarantee an A by putting in a lot of effort.   Reinhard's class is even easier than a Georgia Tech STEM easy. Listen during lectures and review the slides right before the test. &amp; boom. An A.
4.0 : Passionate about the subject he's teaching and makes the material very easy to understand. Show up to labs (which are very tedious), pay attention in class, and review his powerpoints for a good grade in the course
5.0 : Professor Reinhard lays out the material in a clear way; lectures are very straightforward and well-organized. Overall, the class is very easy; just going to lectures will likely get you an A.
4.0 : His lectures are interesting and based heavily on discussions. You really need to remember specific terms and diagrams for the tests though. If you don't study, you won't pass. Basically, I loved his lectures, but his tests were brutal.
5.0 : 40% off 2 tests, 20% for basically showing up and doing the research requirement, 20% for in-class workshops and 20% for a group project. Final optional. Brilliant professor, really cared about the students, and was prompt to respond to any questions. Thoroughly enjoyed his lectures too. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Dr. Muhlstein's lectures are incredibly clear and thorough, and he is very knowledgeable about the material when students ask questions. He runs the course very professionally, giving the class past exams and curving the course according to the difficulty of the tests. I highly recommend him as a professor!
5.0 : Dr. Muhlstein made a difficult class fascinating. He is the most approachable professor I've had yet, and his knowledge of the material makes the lectures interesting every day. He never makes you feel stupid for asking questions, and it's always great to hear his stories when he decides to tell them. If you need to take 2001, take his class!
5.0 : Dr. Muhlstein is the best!  His lectures are very interesting and he's very good at explaining topics in MSE.  Sometimes he has to hold back what he knows about a topic because it's too advanced for 2001.  His tests and quizzes are very fair and provides you with a lot of old tests and quizzes to practice.  Take any class with him if you can.
5.0 : Dr Webster is an amazing professor. He is always available for answers despite the fact that he is a chair and is fairly busy all the time. Class format also helps you study and understand the material better. Lectures, homework, solution, past exams.. etc are on t-square.  Tests are straightforward. He grades fairly with plenty of partial credits.
4.5 : My best professor this semester. Very helpful and always willing to answer questions about ANY assignments. Just go to his office anytime. Fair grader. All lectures are recorded and posted online so you can review material as much as you need. Provides plenty of study and review material for exams. Explains problems well and sticks to the textbook.
5.0 : Fun class. Professor is always excited to teach students Korean. Lots of vocab quizzes, but they're straight forward and easy. Tests are not difficult and if you're ever struggling, she is more than happy to help. Easy A. Homework is given often as well, but graded very generously.
5.0 : Professor Oh made me love Korean! She's amazing! She is super helpful and really does everything to help you learn the language!
5.0 : The nicest person I have met at Georgia Tech, maybe ever. Korean is a tough language, but Oh SSN really goes above and beyond to not only make it easy, but fun too. Lectures are interactive &amp; enjoyable, and tests mirror HW. There's a ton of vocab quizzes, but only worth 10% of the grade. She cares deeply about her students &amp; wants you to succeed.
5.0 : Obviously, with this being a language class you'll have homework but the textbook and workbook are cheap.  Professor Oh is great!  Vocab quizzes are often but easy.  Tests are more about application of the language.  There's also a recitation session.  There are a couple of simple projects. Overall, a great GPA boosting class.
5.0 : Professor Oh might be my favorite person ever. She is extremely helpful and makes learning Korean really fun. I can't wait until next semester with her.
5.0 : His lectures usually take up the whole class period, but they're very informational. He encourages questions and always thanks you for the question. His accent isn't very strong, it's very understandable. He explains concepts thoroughly and tries to ensure that all of his students understand the material perfectly.
5.0 : He was very clear (besides the mild accent) and always paused during lecture to ask for questions. Exams were not very difficult, and study guides give a good gist of what to expect. Do the homework because it'll go into more depth. Don't skip recitation days, but he'll probably exempt you if you email him.  He makes jokes in class to keep u awake
4.0 : He's very approachable and asks for questions after he finishes explaining a new concept though there aren't many since he's pretty clear and thorough. He makes random(funny) jokes during lecture. Do all the hw, easy 100. Plus the quizzes are effort grades so show up when they're assigned. He places all solutions online. His accent isnt very strong
5.0 : Excellent professor, explains things clearly and is very funny. Always tries to help you in every way possible.
5.0 : Tests are fair, homework is easy, recitation worksheets and pop quizzes are graded by attendance, AKA go to class. He's funny (sort of).
4.5 : Jerry is a fantastic professor and Hall Director. He lights up the class and brings joy to everyone in it!
5.0 : Really caring professor, loved his lectures, he learned my name and was passionate about what he taught.
5.0 : He taught an interesting history class over the summer that I was fairly interested in where he was obviously very interested in, and would take entire class periods to watch movies from the time (modern American history) and the other class periods to fully and interestingly explain the material. You have to be good in history to get an A, though.
4.0 : I took this class during the late short summer session as a freshmen. Professor Moon has a good way of connecting a series of events and highlighting its significance to the present. It is important to attend class, pay attention, take notes, and understand readings as you will use them for assignments and tests.
4.5 : Recitation is more helpful than lecture, and recitation attendance is taken. Writes notes on the board as she goes, so it's very easy to keep up. Tests and quizzes are fair. Accent is a little thick, but still definitely understandable.
5.0 : I felt like her lecture had no vagueness. Material presented was extremely clear and lecture was so helpful. She always encouraged us to ask questions and really grasp the material. Linear algebra, conceptually, was difficult, but the tests were very very fair. With practice, there was no reason to fail. She was my favorite instructor all time!!!!
4.5 : She is extremely knowledgeable and very helpful.  Actually took mid-term CIOS complaints seriously and altered the class to meet student's needs.  Tests aren't easy, but she covers everything in lecture you need to know and the recitation worksheets are of similar difficulty as the tests.  Overall a very good professor.  Would definitely take again
5.0 : I want to take 3215 from Sneha too. She is a great professor!!!!! Open more slots please.
5.0 : Professor Subramanian was a great Calc 3 professor! There are definitely easier professors you can find, but I learned so much in her class, and she was always available to help out. If you work hard in that class, you'll learn a lot and should get a good grade. She's one of my favorite professors! Also, the recitation worksheets are super helpful!
5.0 : This was my second time with her, and again, she's amazing. She encourages us to really understand the material, go to office hours, ask questions, etc. Tests were not difficult if you had practiced enough. She's going to teach MATH 3215, and even though I don't need this class for my major, I still signed up to take her for the third time.
5.0 : She really cares about the students and is a very fair grader. Do the homework and make sure that you understand it, because the test questions mirror those from the homework. Excellent professor!
5.0 : WONDERFUL teacher! She made Linear Algebra quite fun and even reached out to me after class was over (ie, after I took my finals) to see how my summer was going! Easily the best math teacher I've ever had at Georgia Tech!
5.0 : Amazing teacher. She is very clear in her lectures and on what to expect for the class. Quizzes and tests look like the homework from MyMathLab, so do the homework. She cares about the students and will not hesitate to reexplain a concept.
4.0 : Pros: Excellent lecturer, can be heard well across the entire hall. Answers questions during lecture and writes work out completely on the board. Really feeds off of class input, several surveys to make sure everything is going well. The final is pretty easy.  Cons: Understandably, is a stickler about electronics &amp; talking in the lecture hall
5.0 : Prof Subramanian really cared about her students and the material. Lectures were clear, and her notes were easy to follow. She held office hours and could always answer questions clearly.  I always knew what was expected of me. To study, you should practice problems and read the book to get the depth of understanding needed for tests/quizzes.
5.0 : Explains the material very clearly and genuinely cares about her students. Tests are straightforward and pretty easy, as long as you actually know the material. Gives very thorough help during office hours. Lectures are boring and kind of slow, but to be fair it's not easy to make math lectures entertaining and going slowly helps some students.
5.0 : Great professor, wonderful and clear lectures. You really can't ask for anything more from a professor at tech. Her exams and quizzes were very fair, and not hard if you did and understood the homework.
5.0 : Cares about her students and wants them to learn the material and not just pass. Tests are fair except the true/false section can be hard. Quizzes are very straightforward most of the time. Lectures and long and boring but she writes everything on the board so its easy to keep along with. Skipping class can make it hard but attendance not taken.
5.0 : Joshua King was an excellent professor. He was caring, dedicated and smart. This class is not an easy A: there's lots of artifacts, reading, and participation quizzes. King put a lot of effort into making lecture fun and engaging. I would definitely take his class again.
3.0 : Dr. King was very nice, and very helpful when you asked for help, but this is not an easy A english class. You have to do the readings because there might be pop quizzes, and the way he grades, if you get an A on every project but one, you'll have a B in the class. He expects the students to have a love for video games as much as him, which is not.
4.5 : King assigns non-traditional assignments, but requires that you submit multiple drafts (which he gives very detailed feedback on). If you do what he suggests, your grade will be fine.  Very approachable and ready to help. Don't expect to be able to sit in the back and not participate. Weekly writing assignments graded only for completion.
4.5 : Overall, a very good teacher, however, he does make you work for the grades you get. The assignments are larger time sinks than other ENGL1102 classes, but are graded fairly and with good feedback.
5.0 : I love Dr. King so much. He is super knowledgable and ridiculously good at what he does. His teaching style is very unconventional, which makes for interesting (in a good way) classes that I genuinely look forward to. He is super helpful and genuine and really cares about your success as a student.
5.0 : An amazing professor overall. Funny, relatable, and interesting.
3.5 : Dr. King is approachable and eager to help if you ask for feedback. However, he does not realize that students take English because they have to, not because they enjoy it. The homework assigned was demanding and REALLY time consuming.  So if you are looking for an easy A, look elsewhere.
5.0 : Dr. King is a really nice person and an excellent professor. You can tell he puts a lot of effort into making his lectures interesting and enjoyable, and it certainly pays off. He is very approachable and willing to help every student. Make sure you read his feedback on every assignment!
5.0 : An awesome human being, such an inspiration, bless his existence. Really an amazing class, learned a lot and made hella friends &lt;3 go to class. seriously. don't know why you'd miss it for the death of you. fair grader, will tell you how to improve.
5.0 : Dr. King is a fantastic professor. He obviously puts a lot of effort into his class, and always makes the class fun and interactive. Even so, I've learned a lot in his class about writing, research, and even presentations. He's pretty chill and assigns cool projects and assignments. 11/10? Nah. 22/10.
5.0 : Dr. Yow is a very sweet person. She genuinely loves the topic that she teaches, it was student activism for me. Some of the projects seem to not do with anything that you are learning but do the work and pay attention in class and you will do well. Make sure to participate in discussions! Not a lot of writing.
5.0 : Yow is one of the best teachers I've ever had.  She really cares about what she's teaching and challenges students to really think about what they're arguing for or against.  She provided around 10 extra credit opportunities and gave tons of feedback on assignments.  She goes out of her way to make sure that you do well in the class.
5.0 : She is very thorough but very good. I highly enjoyed my time with her. She's also quite good-looking!
5.0 : She is definitely a really good teacher.  Her class about student activism really makes you think and a lot of the readings she assigns can be quite interesting.  She assigns a lot of and difficult homework but is always there to help.  I would not take the course again, just because of the amount of work but looking back I'm happy that i took it.
5.0 : Pretty straightforward course. Show up and pay attention to the material and you will be fine. Also, exams are open book/notes, so if you bring everything that was covered in the class you are good to go.
5.0 : Klein is one of the best ECE professors at GT. Wrote a book for the class online that is very understandable and used as a basis for lectures. Encourages questions and loves answering them no matter how hard they are. If you get stuck on HW problems he will show the solution in class. Tests are easy if you get previous exams but doesn't curve much.
5.0 : Dr. Pettit is one of the best teachers at this school. She really cares if you learn the material and speaks and lectures in a way that is understandable and relates back to the material.  No assignment is busy work and everything builds on the core concepts. I'll take whatever she teaches. She's great! Come to class, pay attention you'll do great!
5.0 : She is a WONDERFUL professor! Definitely takes the time to explain concepts and teaches to her tests! She made Thermo 1 really easy to understand. I wish she taught more classes in the department.
5.0 : Best I ever had.
4.5 : Dr. Dorozhkin is very good at teaching and is generally a very easy grader. I definitely recommend him for anyone looking to take ME 1770. He is very approachable and is always willing to help as well.
5.0 : Dr. Dorozhkin made class fun with witty remarks and was very helpful with CAD... If you have experience with CAD, the lectures can be a little bit boring (I didn't really pay attention and still got an A). Most HW grades are based on your ability to follow the directions for sketching and CAD; for the individual/final project he doesn't grade harsh
4.0 : No tests, just an individual project and a group project.  He assigns intermediate deadlines so you don't get too far behind on either.  Frequent homeworks but not that hard.  I've heard he's a lot easier than the other ME 1770 professors.  As long as you do your work and don't fall behind the class is easy.
4.0 : Hilarious Russian guy that cracks semi-lame jokes in class (which I still found funny), but also teaches the material very thoroughly and is very likely to give points back on homework assignments if you ask him about it. Awesome teacher that made a overwhelming (work load) class easier. Also did not hesitate to push due dates back if necessary.
5.0 : He is a very caring teacher that presents everything in a very accurate manner. He uses a presentation format and gives plenty of chances for extra credit. He has a very dry sense of humor that many people seem to enjoy, he even roasts his students in class sometimes.
5.0 : Love him. Super easy going and cares about students. Very accessible, has lots of office hours. Only complaint would be sometimes he treats you like you're dumb when asking for help. But his feedback is very helpful. Overall cool guy, and would definitely recommend.
4.0 : Dr. Dorozhkin is super laid back and always kept class very lively with his folksy Russian jokes. Deadlines in his class are usually very flexible and he's regularly available for extra help if you need any. He's also a really lenient grader, although a lot of the grading is done by TAs who may or may not be as lenient as he is .
4.0 : Dr. Dorozhkin is probably the easiest ME1770 professor. He is very chill and a very lenient grader (although the TAs grade your homework). He is also fairly humorous and incorporates some Russian humor into his lectures, but the material is still quite dry. Also, Dorozhkin may not give as much work, but the class is still fairly time consuming.
5.0 : Dr. Dorozhkin's class is extremely straight forward. Simply participate and do the assignments and the A is yours. Very approachable and just an all-around nice guy. Definitely recommend.
5.0 : Great professor for 1770. No extremely difficult assignments, willing to offer help when needed. Very nice guy who leads the class well. Overall no qualms. He literally said to our class, "You're really going to have to work hard to NOT get an A in this class." Go to class and do the weekly sketching/CAD homework and the A is yours.
4.0 : Easy class if you put in the time and effort. He's very chill, but sometimes he seems a bit apathetic about the class. He doesn't do very much to make the material interesting, so I found the lectures boring most of the time, despite having mandatory attendance . Instructions and grading are clear, and his expectations are not too high. Easy A tbh.
5.0 : Dorozhkin is AWESOME! Super funny guy, very approachable, easy class. GO TO OFFICE HOURS! He is super helpful with homework and assignments. Funny guy, yet lectures are pretty pointless but that is mostly due to the course material, not Dorozhkin. DONT BUY THE TEXTBOOK. You wont even touch it.
5.0 : Take. Him. Do. It. He is awesome! The most chill Russian prof at Tech by far ;). He is super nice, super hilarious, super helpful, etc., etc. You do have a good bit of homework outside this class, but it is not difficult, just time consuming, but the CAD homework I really enjoyed. If you are taking ME 1770, everyone knows you gotta take Dorozhkin.
4.5 : No tests, 2 easy pop quizzes.  Attendance is 100% mandatory.  I took him his first semester here for 1770.  He has a thick Russian accent but I never have trouble understanding him.  Lots of work, but that's the nature of the course.  Pick simpler topics for projects and pray to God that your group isn't bad.  Would take again.
5.0 : Dr. D is really the best ME1770 professor. The assignments are easy to get full credit if you just meet the bare minimum he requires. The group project does have some stress but you will probably get a 100 on it. As long as you put in some effort, you will get an A. There are no tests or finals, just the group project presentation as a final.
5.0 : Super helpful on Piazza, and you can tell from his lecturing that he's passionate about the subject. The projects are reasonable and you have a couple weeks for each. The tests are hard if you don't go to class, but really easy if you do.
4.0 : Dr. Qin is very enthusiastic about MSE and explained the material in a very understandable way. Her PowerPoint slides used lots of pictures and diagrams, which was helpful. She is always willing to help and cares about her students. If you attend class regularly and read over her notes you can make an A. She gives quizzes to encourage attendance.
3.0 : Nice teacher, very accesible. Her lectures are extremely fast paced. Her tests went from very hard to exactly like the practice ones.. from what Ive heard though her tests are hard compared to the usual multiple choice for this class. Shes also quite picky with grading.
5.0 : Really nice and accessible professor. Her quizzes and test are not hard --- if you go to class and pay attention. Be very detailed in your answers tho.
5.0 : Qin is great, nice, &amp; helpful. KEY TO AN A: During her lectures and office hours, if you listen to her, you'll hear tons of hints as to what will be on the test and by the time it shows up, you'll basically know what exactly is on it. The tests and quizes are also basically the exact same every semester so just study them &amp; you'll do great.
4.0 : Dr. Qin puts in a lot of effort to be accessible and helpful for students. She cares that students learn the material and tries to keep interest high in the content. Tests are relatively straightforward if you read the textbook and lecture notes, but grading is very strict which can make getting high grades difficult.
5.0 : Best there is in MSE2001. Her lectures are sometimes hard to follow, but she posts all notes and practice quizzes/exams. There are weekly quizzes (drop 2 out of 11) but they are a blessing in disguise. She is the best balance of easy A or B and actually learning something. She is down to earth and understands students may not prioritize her class.
4.0 : Her lectures aren't super helpful, but its a fair class. All exams are very similar to past exams. If you put in the grade an A is very very doable. Weekly quizzes to keep you on top of material.
3.5 : Tests are basically past quizzes and homework. She answers emails extremely fast and is very helpful in office hours. Easy A if you put in a tiny bit of effort. Lecture notes are enough to get an A easily.
4.0 : Dr. Hanson is great! He hands out worksheets every class but he always gives 10/10 (quite like an attendance thing). There are almost no quizzes. The tests are straightforward and are all based on his classes. Test averages are usually 10+ higher than most of the other 1551 classes. Strongly recommended!!!
5.0 : I love Dr. Sherrill. He knows this stuff so well, and his enthusiasm is apparent. His notes are excellent, clear, and concise. One of the best professors I've ever had!
4.5 : Dr. Margalit is a great linear algebra teacher.  He may not always be clear, but the concepts are pretty abstract anyways.  Go to class to get at least listen to the notes, but he still posts an overview of his notes online.  Tests are manageable so they aren't curved.  He is really passionate about linear algebra and can be pretty  funny sometimes
3.5 : Great man who cares a lot about his students, enough to know all 100+ of their names. He is one the easier graders I've had and he is willing to work with students. His quizzes (every Friday) are very helpful and are based off of homework that is due every Thursday night. Office hours are key and reading the book is helpful.
3.0 : Nice guy, but not all that clear during lectures. He writes on a tablet, so the notes are often very messy and hard to follow. This can be especially frustrating when he teaches some of the more abstract concepts of linear algebra. From my estimation, office hours are the key to an A in this class.
4.5 : I really enjoyed his lectures. Dr. Margalit knew all 100 of our names and is the best Linear prof. He is nice, hilarious, has cute kids, and is very fair with tests/the final. Weekly quizzes help you keep up with the material. WebWork was also better than mymathlab imo. I wish I could take him again, but his style might not be for everyone.
4.0 : I wasn't a huge fan of his teaching style, so I mostly just taught myself from the textbook. He's the funniest and most caring professor that I've had. My class was large (200+) kids, and he learned literally everyone's name. I never went to office hours but it seemed a lot of other people benefited a lot from them. Just a truly caring, funny guy.
5.0 : Professor Margalit is an awesome guy. He knows linear algebra exceedingly well, and he could always tell when the class really wasn't getting something. Always tried his hardest to explain the material in ways that we would understand. Seriously knew everyone's names in a 100+ person class. Weekly quizzes and homework, but it was manageable.
5.0 : Dr. M really made my linear algebra experience so much better than it could have been. He expands on the key concepts without going into too much theory, which make his lectures fairly easy to understand. He really cares about your success, and wants to help. HW was annoying, but Tests &amp; Quizzes were straightforward. A good TA will go a long way.
5.0 : Prof. Margalit is such a kind and caring guy. He literally knew all his students (in his 200 person class) by name and showed genuine care for all of us. I found his lectures to be a bit confusing and hard to follow, but that may have just been because linear is confusing and hard to follow.
4.0 : He gives alright lectures. Make sure to take notes in class because his slides that he uploads don't give much information. He's an amazing person though and he really does care about his students. Seeing him during office hours really does help. He answers questions in office hours a lot better than he does in class.
4.0 : The only thing you get graded on is attendance and one research paper. Prof is very smart, knows what he's talking about, and inspires you to become more interested in Econ, especially the potential careers that economics can give you. The class is very interesting with a guest speaker approximately every week. Every absence is -5% of your grade.
4.0 : Half of your grade comes from attendance and the other half is an end of semester paper.  As long as you show up to class you will get an A.
4.0 : Good professor overall, but really tough grader. Got a 5 on both AP Lit and Lang in high school and barely made a 92 in the class. You have to read to be able to contribute to class discussion, since participation is graded. I wouldn't buy WOVENtext (waste of money!) but do buy the novels. She usually doesn't lecture; class is discussion based.
5.0 : Stimulated my interest in the topic. Class isn't a lecture, it's discussion based. Some of the projects require a lot of outside work but she's very helpful.
4.0 : He is a really fun teacher, and I really enjoying going to class. He is from China, so some of his English isn't very clear (grammar and pronunciation wise). Sometimes he wouldn't understand exactly what we were asking and would answer what he thought we asked. There wasn't a lot of homework. Definitely recommend!
4.0 : Really wants his students to succeed. He understands Chinese is hard, and even struggles with English himself. Chinese is hard, but he is a fairly lenient grader. If you do the homework and study, you will easily make a B with a solid chance to get an A.
4.0 : Dr. Wu is one of the best professors I've had at Georgia Tech. He has high expectations of his students (as he will tell you frequently), but he gives a lot of respect. Be sure to know your basic chemistry before taking Quantitative Analysis. Has thick accent, but makes up for it with PowerPoints. Tests are straight forward.
3.5 : He's a very nice professor and truly wants all of his students to succeed.  But he does expect close to perfect work on exams, and does not give much partial credit.  Fortunately, there is usually one exam question from homework, and one from his lecture slides so be sure to review them beforehand!  Occasionally gives pop-quizzes.
5.0 : A really excellent professor. The material can be difficult, but paying attention in lecture and reading the book help a lot. The best thing about Dr. Wu as a teacher is how much he cares about each student's individual understanding of the material. He wants you to do well, and if you put in the proper effort, he will definitely help you out.
4.5 : Dr. Wood's lectures can be easy to get lost in if you're not paying attention. For a smaller setting and personalized help, his office hours are phenomenal! He has a long (2 or 3 hour) session once a week for group work and help with the homework assignments. His traditional office hours are great too. He wants you to learn and is willing to help.
5.0 : Dr. Wood is without a doubt the best professor I've had at Tech. He's really nice, extremely smart, and cares more than anything that you understand the material. The lectures are helpful and in-class examples are also very good. He is always willing to set up a time to meet in his office. I cannot recommend Dr. Wood enough!
2.0 : Dr. Wood is a nice guy, but his lectures are almost useless. He spends way too much time doing derivation and does not go over enough examples, so you end up spending most of the HW time trying to understand the material. Do not take this professor, you will regret it.
4.0 : Dr. Wood is really kind and caring. He always has office hours the day before homework is due, which is where I learned the most. It's easy to get lost in lecture, but he always thoroughly answers any questions. Also, he gives credit for stuff that's crossed out on tests. You can try a bunch of things and if anything is right you get full credit.
4.0 : Dr. Wood is one of the most caring professors at Tech. He is always willing to alter due dates based on how your semester is going. One negative to his class is that his lectures are COMPLETELY useless. He does wayyyy to many derivations and not enough examples. Watch the Coursera videos and ALWAYS attend office hours and youll do fine!
5.0 : Hands down one of the best teachers I've ever had. He has a genuine interest in making sure every student understands and learns the material; as long as you are active in the class (easy since he's so good-natured), it's a guaranteed A and you'll probably meet one of your newest favorite professors in the process. Highly recommend for any class!
4.5 : Really good and reasonable prof. Talks with the class about due dates. Explains things clearly and has lots of time for questions. The only thing I didn't really like was all the online hw on Quia.
5.0 : Prof. Wiedorn encourages participation and his goal is to help students achieve fluency. He's also very knowledgeable of other languages and culture, which makes his lectures interesting and his explanations more insightful than many other professors'. Genuinely nice/funny person. Flexible deadlines. One of the best professors.
5.0 : He is a great prof and also super nice. Great feedback on writing and always gives a midway through course feedback survey so he can adjust the class to better fit the students' needs. Flexible with deadlines and really doesn't want to overburden his students. This is my second class with him and I definitely want to take more!
5.0 : Dr. Wiedorn is the best professor I've had in my freshman year at Tech. He really cares about his students, and tailors the class to help us succeed. Lectures are interactive, and tests are fair. Only issues were the very tedious HW (tbh not really his fault) and  that he takes a long time to grade. Take his class if you can!! You won't regret it.
4.0 : Section: Ecocinema. Class largely is discussion-based and participation matters. Article readings (pop quizzes based on these) and movie (class discussion) most weeks. Very manageable assignments in terms of frequency and length. Laidback and approachable professor. Assignment points didn't always match the syllabus.
5.0 : It's encouraging to take a class in which the professor is so passionate about the topic. Professor Arriaga does research in HCI so she lives and breathes the material from this class. She knows what she's talking about and truly cares about students learning. She lays out her expectations and assignments and makes the material easy to understand.
4.5 : Easy A and hilarious prof. I really enjoyed Mesbah's class and personality. Class is also great because it is generally very small (10 students). Easy, but beware: she's not good with technology so you will want to go to class for content and assignments, however attendance is not mandatory for your grade.
4.0 : I came into Tech having taken five years of Spanish. Professor Mesbah was extremely helpful and a wonderful teacher. She explained things you didn't understand. There were plenty of opportunities to practice pronunciation. I was terrified to talk in class in a language I didn't know, but no longer am I afraid! Loved this course and this professor.
4.5 : Take her class if you can!  Great professor and great class.  Attendance is required with the entry level French classes.
4.5 : Dr. Brown is a fantastic professor. She gives a workshop day, sometimes with peer review, for every assignment. She makes time to give guidance on bigger projects, and is super helpful. There is a lot of work outside of class, but is definitely manageable.
4.5 : Dr. Brown is smart and passionate about what she teaches. She is a tough grader, but willing to help.
4.0 : Dr. Brown is a tough grader but is REALLY helpful. She's always willing to spend time giving you feedback. However, I felt like she was a bit unclear about what she expected for each assignment the from time to time. She gives plenty of time for each assignment, including classes for peer reviewing. Overall, it was a tough class but enjoyable.
5.0 : One of the best classes I had so far at Georgia Tech. I would highly recommend this to anyone who wants to learn more algorithmic computer science. Professor is very helpful in explaining different algorithms and the homework and tests properly test your knowledge on the subject. Lectures make you think and the course teaches you many great ideas.
4.0 : Professor McCollough is very clear about what she expects, and if you put in the effort, you learn what you need to, not only for the test, but also applicable German. For tests and quizzes, she always sends out a checklist of exactly what you need to study, and reminds you of projects well in advance.
4.5 : Dr. Torres' H. Genetics class has been my favorite class at GT so far. He is extremely passionate about the subject, which I loved. A few times we worked through primary literature in depth, which was really beneficial for me. Tests are long, and you have to put in the time to study, but they are completely taken from lectures, so no big surprises.
5.0 : Pay attention in class and take good notes. Review notes and email any questions you may have. Allows you to ask questions during class, but doesn't always answer them clearly, or rushes through the answer. Sometimes has "pop" quizzes, but he usually drops a hint a class or two before.
4.5 : Professor Morrison was a good professor for an intro class. You get grades for participation (basically a free 100 for showing up), online quizzes (could retake until we were happy with the grade), and tests (MC taken directly from lecture slides and free response questions that she released as study material.) Easy A, fun lectures with activities.
4.5 : Professor Morrison is a bit sassy, but her sass is much appreciated. She makes an effort to remember everyone's name. She's very clear as to what her expectations are. There are online quizzes, which are easy, and writing assignments periodically, but it is a very doable class. She does give random in-class assignments, so don't miss lecture.
5.0 : Very clear grading criteria, several chances for extra credit, and extremely straight forward with what information will be tested. I enjoyed her both as a teacher and as a professor. Do what is necessary and you will get an A in this course taking Morrison. Attendance is important, there are occasional in class assignments that are given.
5.0 : Dr. Morrison understands that most students take it to get an easy A. She made it super easy for students to get an A in the class. She has a sassy and witty personality, and is always willing to help students. She's also a great lecturer and provides great examples. I got Cs on the midterms and final and some how still ended up with an A in there.
5.0 : Hardest class i've taken at Tech. Roman has high expectations as, he is Russian. I have taken 2 classes with him now and not once has anyone caught a single mistake with anything he has done in class (unbelievable really). He will help you as much as he can but, he has no patience for questions that were not thought out first.
5.0 : Dr. Sexton is perhaps the best English teacher I've ever had. Based on class topic alone (Unnatural Disasters) I probably wouldn't have chosen this course but she is so passionate about what she teaches that every class discussion was interesting and I quickly became engrossed. Very nice person. If you put in effort, you'll get an easy A.
5.0 : Dr. Sexton is by far the best English teacher/professor I have ever had. She teaches you specific writing/woven skills and always provides DETAILED (like literally paragraphs) responses when giving back grades or feedback. She is exceptionally clear with instructions, and she is such a caring, kind, and amazing professor and person.
5.0 : I took Dr. Sexton's class based off of her fabulous reviews and they turned out to all be accurate! She makes Georgia Tech's English requirements very bearable. Additionally, she is extremely passionate about what she is teaching and is genuine and caring. I would highly suggest her course!
4.5 : Very friendly, very nice. Easy to understand, passionate about what she teaches. Good English class.
4.5 : She sets the class up in such a way that most group projects can be completed in class. You need to work hard in the class, but there really isn't much homework. She is absolutely fabulous, and has a specific reason for teaching each thing. She's very willing to give feedback during office hours, and her assignments are FUN! Especially the video 1.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had at Tech. She is very passionate about her class and is really approachable. Workload is very fair and gives you plenty of time to do everything. Office hours are really helpful and she always responds to email. Put effort into your work and you will come out of this class with an A.
5.0 : Dr. Sexton was funny, nice, and very helpful! I hate English/books but this class was great. A few group projects, blog posts, and one big paper all of which required medium effort but were never too much. She is incredibly helpful through e-mail and office hours. Participation matters, but I don't think you *have* to talk. would take again!!
5.0 : Professor Sexton was a great teacher overall. Fair grader and cares about her students. She made the class fun with movies and video projects, only downside was there were a few group projects that rely on full group participation, which could hurt you if you get stuck with a bad group. Probably the best English teacher at Tech though.
5.0 : Slightly tough grader, but tells you exactly where you need to improve. Super nice and very understanding. She was great when I accidentally submitted the wrong version of an assignment and didn't realize until weeks later. (!!) She has a lot of group projects, but they were some of the best I've had, and the scarcity of papers made up for it.
4.0 : I learned a lot in this class, but the exams were hard to study for. So much stuff covered in lecture wasn't on the exam. Hard to pinpoint where to put your energy. Get ready for curve-balls on the exams (engineering, think outside the box questions). The hw is very helpful in helping you learn. Do well on hw and it bolsters grade at the end.
5.0 : Overall, he's a really solid guy and is very helpful. His lectures are great and he has enough homework/participation points for you to do well in his class. His homework can be hard but his tests are straightforward and easy to prepare for.
5.0 : Dr. Losego is one of  the most organized profs I've had. The homework is tough, and you NEED to go to class everyday. You need it for the lecture notes and the clicker points. He posts the slides, but you will not be able to get the material if you don't go to class. He gives you study guides for the tests, and the tests are fair and clear.
5.0 : Brilliant professor. Take her class if you can.
4.5 : Professor Kim has been one of my favorite professors at GT. He treats the students with respect, doesn't take himself too seriously, and has a great sense of humor. He is very smart, but still very approachable. He made students think more about the topic, but different kinds of problems could facilitate this further. Super nice guy
5.0 : This guy is the toughest teaching assistant there is in GaTech I would not take him again unless I had too. The test were crazy hard and the homework makes you really think. He is a good guy and will be a great professor someday.
5.0 : The bomb.
5.0 : Really nice guy- he wants you to do well. He appreciates students that go to office hours and it helps a ridiculous amount if you go to office hours if confused. His tests do seem to be harder than other teachers but he is a generous grader and curves when necessary. Go to class because his examples in class correlate with his quizzes.
4.0 : He does care about his students and is there if you need help. I took it under a flipped class, so it was a bit unusual, but the point still stands, he's usually pretty good at explaining concepts. His tests are on the tough side, but he does curve the tests to meet the historical average.
3.0 : I chose this prof due to all the great reviews people gave him, but my experience has been bad so far. His tests are understandable, but his weekly homeworks are A LOT of work. Also, his teaching pace is very fast. Be prepared to write non-stop for the 3 hours of lecture per week. He's definitely a nice guy though, I'll give him that much.
5.0 : Great guy. He was a TA all throughout his time getting degrees so he totally understands how to teach so students understand. He is able to bring difficult math concepts down to a student's level very well. He is also very accessible outside of class and cares that you understand. Only thing is that his tests are tough but maybe that is just Tech.
5.0 : Would recommend
5.0 : Super goofy and friendly dude. His teaching pace is fairly quick, but he explains the concepts thoroughly. Problems on tests/quizzes are tricky but never unfair. That being said, he's probably one of the tougher professors for 1552.
2.0 : He's really nice, but his lectures are very technical and sometimes difficult to follow. Exams were harder than expected, homeworks were a nightmare.
3.0 : Prof. Greenwood is an incredibly caring person, but there is no way I'll ever take him again. His weekly homework is so difficult and takes a lot of time, and his tests are quite hard. Also, lectures are super intense: you'll spend all your time taking notes, and barely any time even following what he's saying.
5.0 : Dr. Guillot is the best professor I've had at Georgia Tech thus far. His lectures are incredibly organized and clear, as long as you pay attention. He is very approachable if you have any questions. I had him for Computing Techniques (Numerical Methods), and he made what would probably be a very boring class into my favorite this semester.
5.0 : Great lectures! Makes an otherwise dull class very interesting. Tests were very fair. Projects were a bit difficult, but with some teamwork and time management all of his assignments were manageable.
5.0 : Hes a great teacher, funny, super organized and very helpful. Go to lecture as hell give you all the material you need in class. Its a challenging course but hes teaching is very straight forward which helps a lot.
5.0 : Loved Dr. Guillot.  Make sure you go to lecture because he tells you exactly what you need to know to complete homeworks and computer projects.  Really not a tough class if you go to lectures and spend some amount of time on it.  You get hella crib sheets for tests.
5.0 : Professor Guillot is a great professor who teaches a rather difficult course. Homework assignments are hard and are graded rather harshly, so the computer projects need to be done well to keep your grade. He's very fair and extremely helpful if you go to his office hours. Do note that he won't bump borderline grades.
5.0 : Really helpful in office hours or over email. Good lecturer. Writes lecture notes on the board that are easy to follow (could copy verbatim). Tests and homework  solving problems by hand; projects  coding numerical methods in MATLAB and sometimes a report (not picky on formatting). Surprisingly 1 of my favorite classes so far (even tho I got a B)
5.0 : Write everything down in class and start the coding projects early. Tests are similar to practice tests and homeworks, usually evenly split between derivation/conceptual understanding and plugging in numbers. You are allowed cribsheets. Responsive to emails. Probably the best professor for this class.
4.0 : Spencer is fun and makes sure the class understands the material by using engaging activities.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I had.  Attendance is not mandatory for this class, but Professor Flowers' lectures are definitely worth to attend. Your grade for this class consisted of 3 quiz, 2 test, a digital journal assignment and a final. He drops 1 lowest quiz grade and students are allow to exempt out of the final.
5.0 : Best best best professor ever!  Although attendance isn't mandatory, I'd definitely recommend attending lectures just because the way he delivers the course materials is very interesting &amp; enjoyable, u'll learn more than just architecture.  He's an easy grader, so long as you memorize what he tells you to study, you'll pass with an A.
4.0 : Entertaining, funny, informative lectures (PPT's only). Be ready to memorize the names, dates, locations, styles, etc. of literally hundreds of buildings/paintings. Essay portions of tests are surprisingly difficult. Beware this class takes up a ton of time. He posts online what to study for the final, but will test you partly on other material.
5.0 : Benjy is a truly fantastic prof. His lectures are informative, relevant, and interesting. He does not have an attendance policy, but everyone still comes to class because his lectures are so amazing. The projects do not require a lot of time, but they do require a substantial amount of thought.
5.0 : Benji is the best! His lectures are so informative and are super interesting. He will make you think about doors and windows and everyday objects in completely new ways. The class content is always enjoyable and the readings aren't bad at all. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : He is the best professor I've ever had. Incredibly passionate and candid about architecture and also just hilarious. He's one of the main reasons I haven't dropped my major yet.
5.0 : Benji Flowers is without a doubt one of the best. He has an ability to make the concepts very easy to understand; he has a great passion for architecture. He wont let you fail
4.0 : Benjy is awesome! His lectures and assignments are a bit "off the wall", but are really interesting and designed to make you think. He really cares about what you learn, not grades, so he tries to do everything he can to make the class not about grades. There was only 3 easy assignments including the final, so make sure to do your best on each one.
4.5 : Sometimes hard to hear, but great professor and lecturer. He will go out of his way to help students that ask for it. Tests were not easy, but were pretty fair
4.0 : Dr. Lipkin is a really nice guy who is really willing to help. Dynamics is a tough class but Dr. Lipkin tries to relate what you're learning in class to real life examples. Weekly quizzes vary massively in difficulty and tests are tough but straight forward. Dr. Lipkin wants his students to do well so he gives out lots of extra credit on his tests.
3.0 : Don't take this class unless you're ready for a bunch of proofs. You have to really like  abstract math stuff to do well. The first test was super easy and then everyone bombed the second one, but he curves the final averages and gives A's to about 20% of the class and doesn't want anyone to fail. GO TO RECITATION!
5.0 : Only take this class if you are truly passionate about math; this is perhaps the most knowledgeable, passionate, and inspiring professor I've met at Tech. If you put in the work, the class is very rewarding.
5.0 : Super passionate guy. He can inspire anyone to enjoy higher level mathematics, makes it enjoyable and always ready to help. He often curves to make up for the difficulty of the class. I took both 1564 and 2561 with him.
5.0 : If you get a spot in Prof. Ioanes' class, consider yourself lucky. She is super interesting and creates memorable discussions. Her assignments are group based which are time-consuming/difficult to meet up, but fun. Brings really cool guest speakers. Her grading is fair. There are daily blogs, but took 20 mins to do.  I wish I could take her again!
5.0 : Anna is super friendly and as long as she sees that your are putting in at least some effort you will get an A. She is very approachable and loves it when students reach out to her in office hours/email her etc. Nightly reading and blog posts but never took me more than 20 mins. She gives you free creative roam on group assignments.
5.0 : Anna is the nicest professor I have had here! She is so understanding and doesn't give too much work. Even though attendance is mandatory, you can usually talk to her if you miss more than the 3 free absences. Definitely would take her class again.
5.0 : She is an AMAZING teacher! The course material was very interesting and I genuinely enjoyed this class. She is very available whenever you need to meet and encourages students to meet with her. Very approachable and overall kind person :) 10/10 recommend!!
5.0 : Take Nisbett!! He's the best statics professor I know of, and most of the other ones are super hard. He uses a flipped classroom style, where you watch videos of the material yourself and do practice problems in class. The videos are short and clear. The weekly homework can be hard but the tests are straightforward and easy.
5.0 : 6 problems for homework a week. The problems were tricky but not impossible. If you didn't get it, he would explain what to do and why very clearly. Very flexible with office hours. Tests were easy, and I usually knew which concepts to expect. Gives pop quizzes but for extra credit and usually tells you what will be on it the class prior.
5.0 : Awesome Recitation Professor that works hard to get to know his students. Really makes a tough class a lot easier.
5.0 : Ben is the absolute best. My lecture professor was not great so I never went but Ben made everything so clear and easy. By far, he's the most getting prof I have ever had
5.0 : Not only a good teacher but also a good person. Works hard to teach and knows the perspective of the students
5.0 : Words can't describe how great she is. Super understanding and she wants you to get an A, so just do the necessary work- its not bad and she makes Shakespeare kinda enjoyable. If you have the chance, take her.
5.0 : In general, Tech's English classes are over the top and obnoxious, but she made it so much more bearable. She's extremely enthusiastic about her subject matter (we read Paradise Lost) and is willing to work with any student. I would definitely recommend her. Easy A if you put in the work and participate in class.
5.0 : This was one of the first college classes I ever took so going into it, I was pretty scared. However, Sshe cares about the understanding of her students and relates everything in a way that is clear. Not to mention, she is a genius in her field and can truly get you interested in whatever she is teaching.
5.0 : Dr. Higinbotham is very intelligent, caring, and eager to help students. She is a fair grader and will provide feedback on your strengths as well as suggestions for improvement. Also, she can quote lots of Shakespeare lines, which I think is pretty impressive.
5.0 : So awesome. She's so incredibly passionate about Shakespeare (a scholar in her field) and she really tries to forward her love onto the class. However, she does get a bit distracted, but it's usually a very interesting lecture. Be prepared to read Shakespeare, though. She gives great feedback and she's very approachable in and out of the classroom
5.0 : Dr. Higinbotham's class  has been one of the best English classes that I've had the pleasure of taking my first semester here at Tech. She's caring and passionate about what she teaches as well as her students. You really won't regret taking her class.
5.0 : Dr. Higinbotham is an amazing professor! She is so passionate about English and really makes you excited about the material. As a person who has never really loved English, she made it so enjoyable, and I plan to take another one of her classes in the future.
5.0 : Sarah Higinbotham is an amazing professor. She expects quality work, but if you put in the effort you will definitely make an A. The class is made up into three artifacts (projects) and one final portfolio, which is standard Georgia Tech curriculum. She has reading quizzes most lectures, but grades liberally.
5.0 : Dr. Heflin is a really nice professor who cares about the students learning rather than giving a lot of work. I even overslept a test, showed up halfway through the exam period, and she told me to take as much time as I needed to complete it. Overall, very easy tests if you read and no homework.
3.0 : Way too many projects and too much busy work. Feedback on grades is vague or non-existent. Language barrier. With all of that said, anyone with a pulse should make an A in the class -- that vague grading system is super lenient, as virtually all grades on group projects are between 90 and 95.
5.0 : Dr. Kim keeps Org Behavior interesting and does a great job of teaching the class in different ways from movie clips, to articles, to class discussion. The class is completely group based and the only formal test is the final (where you can use 5 pages front and back of crib notes). The class isn't too difficult and you will learn a lot as well.
5.0 : Easy A.  About 40% of your grade is from group projects, but he's a VERY light grader, so, as long as you don't completely BOTCH it (i.e. present on donuts and elephants or something), you'll do fine.  Oh, also, 10 PAGE FINAL EXAM CRIB SHEET.  He has weekly memos and journals, which can be a little tedious, but it's a small price to pay.  Take him.
5.0 : Nice guy who genuinely wants his students to succeed. Once gave tips in class on how to deal with stress. Good teacher. Tests were fair. Quizzes were quite easy. Homework and pre-lecture hw assigned regularly online but didn't take too long. Provides a helpful amount of optional examples to work in the book to help study.
3.0 : Was a good professor. Nothing too exciting.
4.0 : Great professor. Talks slowly and clearly in class. 10/10 would take again.
5.0 : He is very caring and his lectures are extremely helpful. The homeworks are easy and are useful practice for quizzes and tests. The quizzes are over basic concepts so if you can do the homeworks, you'll ace them. He gives out optional practice exams that if you can do, you'll do well on the exams. Overall, a great professor and a great class.
5.0 : Caille is really passionate about philosophical research and looks to give students an idea of what contemporary academic work in the field is. He was extremely available for consulting outside of class and held the most discussion-friendly class I've had at Tech. You must attend class to do well, but maybe that's what I liked about the experience.
4.0 : Caille makes class really fun, and is kind of goofy but chooses a lot of interesting things to study. He makes the homework enjoyable by giving you multiple options to choose from so you choose what you like best. He is accessible and flexible and cares for his students.
5.0 : M. Caille is a great teacher both inside the class and out.  He adapts well to the students and puts his own twist on exercises when he can tell they are getting dull/dreary.  He also gives those students that are truly interested the ability to practice communicating outside of the classroom with "French Table" meetings.   Excellent. 10/10
5.0 : M. Caille always emphasized the importance of actually speaking the language and not just reading from a textbook. During class, he would commonly give us a sentence that you would actually say in a conversation and then tell us to translate it. He strives to make you feel comfortable and that's so important when learning a new language.
5.0 : I enjoyed the flexibility of the course and the freedom we had to express our own opinions through oral presentations and written work. Caille invests a lot into his students and is always eager to provide assistance after class. He can go from joking to being very animated about a topic of discussion, which keeps the class interesting.
5.0 : Here is a professor that inspires: one of those rare breed that gives cause for one to do their utmost, to immerse themselves in the course material. If you're looking to be empassioned for a semester, do allot the proper time for such an endeavor.
5.0 : Dr. Sy is a great professor who really cares about his students. I had him for both FREN 2001 and FREN 2002 and he was extremely nice, always tries to give you credit for whatever you did right. If you speak in class, study the night before for tests, and do super easy online hw it's not hard to get an A.
4.0 : Professor Sy is really caring and really engages the class by making sure everyone understands the material. He is flexible and makes sure that everyone understands what's going on. He is an easy grader.
2.0 : This class was a giant mess (taught jointly by Sy and Caille). Caille was great, but Sy was absolutely terrible. He was very unclear about deadlines and assignments and what he expected. He seemed to cater to the native speakers (why they were in this class, I have no clue) and was very condescending to others.
5.0 : Monsieur Sy is a fabulous dude. Very charismatic and cares so much about students. He curves the exams/quizzes a ton, and offers lots of extra credit. He teaches straight from the textbook. You're guaranteed an A if you show up to class, speak a few times, and study for exams/quizzes the night before. Easiest class I've taken thus far.
5.0 : Suzuki sensei was a very caring professor who really did her best to teach Japanese online. Even though the course wasn't in person, I still learned almost as much as someone would have in a physical class because she explained everything very well.
5.0 : This professor usually starts the lesson by giving a simplified proof of the concept we are about to learn, followed by the provided slides. This allows you to get an idea of why things work the way they do, but you can still just memorize equations if you need to. He is funny and definitely cares about teaching, so I enjoyed the class.
5.0 : Total legend. Basically the Bob Ross of Integral Calculus. He genuinely cares about the well-being of every student he teaches, and he's really easy to talk to one-on-one.  Lectures were intensive but explicit and informative. He doesn't move too fast. Wants you to pass but his goal is for you to understand the math not just memorize why it works.
5.0 : Scott Spencer is an enthusiastic teacher. He is very approachable and willing to help his students grasp difficult concepts after class and during office hours. He utilizes the department-provided slides but does not teach by them; he provides lots of his own examples, insights, etc. This prevents lecture from just being a PowerPoint presentation.
5.0 : Probably one of the best professors I've had at Tech so far. He really wants to make sure you understand the topics before moving on. He also answers almost any questions on piazza within a few minutes and will show guided solutions to make sure you understand. He's also super chill, funny, and easily approachable.
5.0 : A really good professor who knows his stuff.  He actual wants you to understand the material. He prepares you well for all the tests and is available during office hours and answers questions quickly on piazza.
5.0 : An excellent professor who is extremely knowledgeable in everything he discusses. Makes its clear what he expects and doesn't insist on tedious repetition. Extremely responsive and approachable.
3.0 : Scott's a solid professor but that's about it. He cares about the students and has a cool personality, but beyond that lectures are pretty meh. He doesn't really make the material that engaging but tests are pretty ok; once you do the practice exams you'll get an A.
4.0 : Dr. Spencer was a very good calc professor. His lectures weren't the most exciting, but they were clear and understandable, and how exciting is integral calc going to get? His tests are very manageable, and he definitely cares about his students, so if you do the work and get help if necessary you should succeed in this class.
2.0 : Scott was my teacher for Math 1551 and I have to say I have never been more bored with a class.  Math is a tough subject to give a lecture on, so it requires a little something extra from the professor to keep the class' focus.  Scott was incapable of doing this because of his naturally monotonous voice.  I would suggest finding another professor.
5.0 : Dr. Forsthoefel is the best. If you go in for help, she tells you exactly what you need to do. There is a decent amount of work involved but if you do it then it is not a hard A. She is very passionate about what she teaches but I can honestly say I learned a lot in this class and she made me a better writer!
4.0 : She was a great teacher and I'm glad to have had her for English.
5.0 : Dr. Forsthoefel can be very challenging but the way she leads the class and the time she gives you to do the projects and papers really give you a great advantage in organizing yourself and use your time effectively. She is very innovative and creative with the material chosen for the course. I would definitely take her again as my professor.
5.0 : Dr. Forsthoefel is the greatest. She is so passionate about what she does, she is ALWAYS willing to help, and her class/grading is not too hard. It is a lot of reading and quizzes but it's nothing too bad. She is a prime example of showing that things do not have to be difficult to learn.
3.0 : I love her as a person but she gave out sooooo much work for this class it was unnecessary. She always gives you a quiz everyday for the first 10 minutes over what you read. Sometimes I read and still didn't know the answer. The project are very long and irritating how much work it is. This class is a lot of work. a lot. more than some of my stem.
5.0 : Dr. Forsthoefel is awesome. I learned a lot in her class. Shes pretty hot too.
4.0 : She was a great professor. We studied virtual communities and there weren't too many difficult assignments. Blog posts were easy. We did lots of group work. She held class online sometimes. Grading wasn't very specific on essays. She wasn't always the clearest with directions, but she was always willing to answer questions. Fun class overall
5.0 : Easy grader and not much writing. Passionate about his class.
5.0 : Very passionate professor, really loves what he is doing. Highly recommend his class if you just want an easy, enjoyable ENGL 1102.
5.0 : Really great professor who cares about everyone's opinions. Classes are based off of reading assigned out of class. There were some essays, but he is a pretty lenient grader.
4.0 : I really learned a lot from his class. There wasn't too many hard assignments, and the ones that he did assign were actually pretty interesting. A good amount of reading, but the books were fun. This class was a lot of discussion and group work. Also, participation is very important, so make sure to participate in class discussions. Fun class.
3.0 : Matt is a good guy and an okay professor. However, he does not grade quickly AT ALL. 11 weeks into the school year and he has yet to grade our first assignment.
3.0 : Really nice guy, just lots of reading. He really cares about English and formal literary criticism if that's your thing
3.0 : There are a lot of reading to do and things to write. There are pop quizzes and classes are generally pretty boring and drawn out. Hes a nice guy and really cares about English but maybe pick a different class if you don't take english too seriously.
5.0 : Dr. Dischinger really cares about whatever topic he teaches and it really shows. For my course which focused on "postcolonialism" he focused on how these ideas were shown in the books. His ideas were usually pretty interesting and he does not grade hard. Participate and turn your work in on time and you will do well.
5.0 : Matt was really enthusiastic about this class, which was different from anything I've taken in the past. I honestly liked it a lot. Very interesting theme and classes were entertaining.
5.0 : There's lots of work but Matt's not a too tough a grader in the end. Class is required but entertaining. Our conversations in and out of class helped a lot.
5.0 : Pop quizzes are very easy if you read. He's one of the few teachers that sees how pointless WOVEN is and does not require students actively read it. He is SUPER passionate, but also can be verbose. He's not a difficult grader. Show up, do the work, guaranteed A or B. You'll probably even learn something actually useful in life. Would take again.
5.0 : Usually has quizzes after every reading assignment so beware of that. Do not get the WOVEN text for his class because we never used it. He is amazing when it comes to grading and probably one of the best professors to take for this class. Take him even if you think the topic he's teaching is going to be boring.
4.0 : He really cares about what he is teaching. You have to know what the assigned reading was on because there are occasional pop quizzes.  He was teaching critical literary theory and even though that's not a great topic he was really enthusiastic about it and a lot of class was discussion based.
5.0 : Loves what she does and does it with enthusiasm.
5.0 : Great professor. Went to office hours once before the final and had a one-on-one Q&amp;A over the last unit with him for an hour, incredibly helpful. He is a solid lecturer and a down-to-earth guy, seemed to genuinely care about students and adapted the final to exclude material we couldn't cover in lecture due to a tornado the week or so before. 88+A
5.0 : He was pretty great linear algebra professor. His office hours were great and his lectures were super useful. The content was difficult but he made it easy. I would recommend to do really well on the first two units (a lot of  high test averages) because unit 3 &amp; unit 4 (on the final) was difficult for most of us. Take him if you can!!
5.0 : The class can be very confusing at first but Northington makes you develop the right thought process for solving all kinds of problems. Very clear and understandable lectures, never had to check the textbook once because he taught it so well in class. quizzes and tests never threw any curveball questions at you. Very nice guy, would recommend.
4.0 : He presents the material clearly during lecture, but the material can be difficult and if you fall behind it easy to get lost because he moves quickly.  There is a quiz every week, but the majority of your grade is three tests and the final.  He teaches to the test, but make sure you go to recitation.
4.0 : Solid professor. Knows lots about the subject and is always willing to help outside of class.
5.0 : Professor Northington is highly passionate about the subject and his students. He is always available for office hours. His tests can be easy, but there is a huge margin of error that can cause you to easily fail. There are no grade replacements, dropped tests/quizzes, or extra credit. He drops a homework, which is kinda pointless bc they're easy.
5.0 : First time teacher this year and was ehh at first but definitely improved by a large margin towards the end. Provides great notes and resources, is especially good outside of class.  Would recommend going to office hours when possible. Professor is not necessarily hard but the subject can be.
5.0 : This is Northington's first time teaching but he's done a great job for his class - he's very friendly and forthright with students, grades fairly, and his tests/HW are fair and not a huge amount of work. It's not an easy A for the class, but he assigns an amount of work that is more than reasonable. Great prof.
5.0 : He is very interested in his students' success. Class is not necessary since he uploads all of his materials online. The homeworks are very useful for practice and the quizzes are easy. He gives practice problems and a review for each exam, so if you can do them, you'll do well on the exams. All in all, a great professor and a great class.
5.0 : Lectures are clear and well paced, tests were straightforward.
4.0 : You'll do fine as long as you show up to class. Lectures consist of example problems with questions. The quizzes are easy, so you need to go to recitation. The tests are not bad at all. The professor is a cool guy and knows what he's talking about.
4.0 : I liked Dr. Northington's style of notes. The weekly recitation quizzes were really easy, so make sure to always go! He explains the concepts clearly and goes over examples in class that were helpful. The tests weren't that hard either.
5.0 : All around great professor. Lectures got progressively better throughout the semester, and tests got progressively harder. Recitation quizzes were easy, especially if you did the homework beforehand. Make sure you study hard for the first and second tests because they will turn out to be the easiest in hindsight. Very achievable A if you work hard.
3.0 : Dr. Smith was definitely a caring and kind professor. However, you had to work for your grade tremendously. Tests were extremely difficult. She does not and will not curve any grades. If you tend to slack, I would not recommend taking her.
5.0 : I really thought that she was a fantastic professor to have. She seemed to really understand how to get students to learn. Attendance is taken every lecture (which I'm not a fan of), but I learned a lot every day that I went to lecture. Given the chance, I would definitely take Professor Smith again.
5.0 : Dr. Smith was an amazing professor. If you go to class and do the homework you'll learn the concepts (but, like all courses, you have to do some learning on your own). You can tell she cares about her students and is willing to meet outside of class anytime if you need it. She is genuinely happy and personable and she made us cookies for the final.
5.0 : You MUST attend class which is okay since she is one of the best lecturers I have ever listened to. Also just be aware that she may decide to grade on a mastery system which is quite interesting if you have never been exposed to it. Finally, feel free to ask questions even if they feel dumb since she loves to help clear things up.
5.0 : Dr. Smith is an extremely caring professor. She really desires for her students to learn. She is patient and quick to explain a topic. She is easily approachable with questions and is extremely nice, even making us cookies for the final. Her tests and quizzes are rather difficult though, expect to work for your grade.
4.0 : If you've taken Spanish in high school, this course is mostly review. She moves through the material at a moderate pace. Not too slow but not rushed either. I love that she requires students to have regular conversations in Spanish outside of class (and write about them). This requirement has helped my understanding of the language the most.
5.0 : Mikels a great guy and his class was very interesting. Not very hard as long as you go to the lectures.
2.0 : Grade distribution based entirely off of 2 midterms and a final exam. Class average for first midterm was a 60. I'm typically an A student for math courses, but the first test was unfairly harsh and did not focus on exercising the concepts taught in lectures. Instead chose most difficult problems possible from HW. Had to drop to save GPA...
5.0 : I love Professor Viana and his classes. He's one of the best professors I've had this year, and he's not even a PhD! (Grad student). His lectures are a good mix of theoretical and practical knowledge, and he's overall a funny guy and not boring. He is super accessible outside of class and will really help you if you shoot him an email or ask.
5.0 : This is literally the best math professor I have ever had. He is not only so personable and fun, he genuinely wants everyone to succeed in his class and will do anything to make it happen. He allows you to have the option of exempting the final, will push back homework deadlines if necessary, and gives bonus points on tests. All around amazing!!
5.0 : I took him by chance when I registered for multivariable with no professor. He is super cool and cares about his students. I didn't get much out of his lecture, but the conceptual stuff he showed us was super cool. I easily got an A by just doing the homework each week. Also, crib sheets for tests and quizzes
5.0 : Awesome professor. Wonderful personality 10/10 would take again.
4.0 : I took Applied Combinatorics with him, and I genuinely learned a lot. He seemed genuinely concerned with our success, and as long as you followed along in the course, you would get a good grade.
4.0 : Chen was an awesome and caring professor who told small awkward jokes. He is very specific on what he will test you on, so do his practice problems and you are set. His lectures can be a little too quick and some times not clear, so talk to him after class, go to office hours, or go to tutoring and you'll get a decent grade.
5.0 : He's a great, humble guy with a passion for teaching. Unlike most Tech profs, hes incredibly smart, but wants nothing more than to see his students succeed; he will do everything he can to make that happenl. He's very clear about what is expected in the class; just do what he says and you will get an A. Best math class I have ever taken.
4.0 : Very good professor, clearly explains things and will answer questions you have. He is also very funny. Occasionally the homework is way too long, but that is more an attribute of the course across all professors, rather than just him.
2.0 : He's indeed a nice guy. But the first thing he said to us was: I want this section to have the highest amount of A's of all 1552 classes. And he accomplished that by making the class a joke. Be aware you'll learn the very basics of calc2 with him and that's dangerous given its huge importance in many classes. Don't let the lazy people here fool you
5.0 : I'm telling you right now. If you ever find yourself needing to take a math option, take MATH 3530 and sign up for Jiangning Chen. He is glorious.
4.0 : He's an ok professor.  Your grades are dependent on homeworks, 2 tests, and a final project (or optional final exam).  His first test can be devastated, but his second test is much better because he gives out practice exam before hand.  Homeworks are lengthy and much unrelated.  Final project can be hard but also interesting.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Take him if you want the statistics choice for the math option in your degree. But be careful. The class starts out real easy with him and you'll get the impression that statistics will be an easy A just based on his demeanor and actions, but his tests are quite difficult and if you're not on top of your game, you'll get a B.
5.0 : A great professor, he tells wonderful stories and cares about students. The class is pretty standard in terms of test difficulty, but he prepares students well for what they need to know.
2.0 : Dr. Chen is a really cool guy. He tells funny stories and plenty of jokes. If this is the first time you're seeing integral calc material then the class is pretty difficult. He skips steps a lot and it is hard for him to easily explain things due to the language barrier. If you get a good TA that can explain things better then you should be fine.
5.0 : Chen is in my opinion the easiest professor. Show up the class before a test and he goes over the material very nicely. He makes awkward little jokes too which is a plus. The best thing is he doesn't make anything harder than it needs to be. He just tells you what you need to know.
5.0 : Dopest guy I know. Very funny lectures, still gets through all the information you'd ever be tested on. If you show up and give a decent effort it's an easy A.
5.0 : Jiangning is the most caring professor I have had at Georgia Tech.  His class can be hard if you don't like math, but he really wants to see his students succeed. I like that he clearly teahes you what you need to know to do well.
5.0 : Chen is an awesome professor and cares very much for his students. Just do the homework and go over the practice problems that he gives in class and on t-square, and you'll at the very least get a B.
5.0 : Chen is a great professor. Yes, he is Chinese but his English is very easy to understand. He has a true passion for his students and is easily the most caring professor I have met at Tech. This is not an easy class, you will have to put in effort to succeed but Chen gives you the tools to do just that. He has a great sense of humor.
5.0 : A great guy who really cares about this students and wants everyone to succeed. Is really clear about what will tests will be like and homework is straightforward. Tells funny jokes/stories in class. The class is hard but he takes the time to explain concepts the best he can and is always willing to answer questions outside of class/in office hours
5.0 : Professor Chen is easily my favorite professor. He is so likable and truly wants his students to do well in his class. He gives practice problems over every concept and makes it clear what he expects. He also gives small extra credit questions on quizzes based on jokes or stories he tells in lecture. Take his class over any other professor's.
5.0 : Kantwon is amazing! His in class examples made MATLAB not only understandable but enjoyable. He was such a chill guy in and out of class, and he wants to get to know students - he really invests, and the results showed because his section consistently received the highest scores in the course. TAKE KANTWON IF YOU LOVE YOURSELF.
5.0 : Very dedicated to his students and wants them to succeed. Explains concepts very well, and in a way that a first-time coder understands. If you want to have a good CS1371 experience, take Kantwon!
5.0 : Amazing lecturer. Really makes the concepts of CS a lot easier to understand. With that said do not skip all of the recitations and make sure you understand all of the homework. Kantwon really is the best professor for this class, try to get him regardless of times.
5.0 : Truly the best in his class, take this guy if you don't want to be screwed by Matlab.
5.0 : Incredible teacher. I looked forward to class every day. He really cares about every student and if you need help he is readily accessible.
5.0 : wonderful lecturer, if you get a spot in his class don't let it go
5.0 : Kantwon was the best professor I've had at Tech thus far. Maybe it was his young age that made him easy to approach and talk to, but he truly knew how to connect with the students. MATLAB is still hard to learn, but go to his class everyday and ACTIVELY listen, and you'll never need to open the textbook. Do the homework, and you'll do fine on tests
5.0 : He is absolutely amazing and hilarious! Check him out on kantwon. com! Also you can watch some of his intro videos on that website to learn some Matlab from him before you even start the course!
5.0 : The god of CS. I've never coded in my life and he made me consider a minor in CS.
5.0 : Kantwon is extremely good at what he does. His lectures are very highly attended and his sections always get better grades. He makes class extremely exciting in several ways (including providing very creative examples). He's also just an overall good person and you can talk to him about anything.
5.0 : you know Kantwon is a good prof. when his rating on RMP is higher than the average GPA at tech
5.0 : I love Kantwon. I never thought I would be getting an A in CS 1371 but with Kantwon's and the TA's help, I am on track in securing an A. His lectures are always packed especially for it being so late in the day (this says something about him). Some of the homeworks were challenging but help desk made it manageable for me. Highly recommend Kantwon.
5.0 : He is the absolute best professor at Georgia Tech. Hands down, the most interesting, funny, inspirational, and relatable professor at the entire Institute. Take him if you want MATLAB to make you smile (and if you want to actually learn it!)
5.0 : He is one of THE best professors at Tech. He is caring and hilarious and makes his lectures fun to listen to.  He doesn't waste time in his lectures and makes sure the students learn everything they need to know to succeed in the class!
5.0 : Really really great teacher. His lectures were always clear and all code that was written in class was easily accessible. If you have to take CS 1371, take Kantwon, you will learn a lot and you might not even hate MATLAB at the end of the class. He is always available for help and really cares how his students perform in the class.
5.0 : GOAT
5.0 : A god among men.
5.0 : amazing at explaining new concepts, does lots of examples so you know what to expect on tests. super caring and always willing to help. if you befriend him hide all your embarrassing pictures/posts otherwise he will expose you in class :)
5.0 : Kantwon is the reason why I actually like MATLAB
5.0 : Kantwon keeps the class entertained and uses fun strategies to teach the class. For example, he let me pie him in the face to demonstrate a concept. He is the reason why I have decided to pursue a CS minor. Try to take his lecture, but be prepared because his class fills up very quick.
5.0 : Kantwon is a really good professor. He really tries to make MATLAB enjoyable, and I find he succeeds, and it helps me understand what's going on. He really seems to care about how we do, and he's very approachable. While you don't need to go to lecture, you should. It helps, and I usually enjoy it.
5.0 : Kantwon is an amazing lecturer.  He really cares about both the course and the students, and his lectures are always entertaining.  He is extremely approachable, and even tells his students to follow him on Snapchat and Instagram.  He is a really chill guy that will prepare you well for tests and make you love MATLAB!
5.0 : beautiful lecturer
5.0 : best cs lecturer at Georgia tech
5.0 : One of the few professors I've had who's class won't put me too sleep. Super entertaining, and a FANTASTIC lecturer. I love you Can'tJuan. I want you to have my babiez
5.0 : Kantwon is the best CS lecturer at GT.  He actually cares about the class and his students.
5.0 : Kantwon is the coolest professor at GT. He's incredibly approachable and absolutely hilarious. Sometimes he has surprises or interesting demonstrations for lectures and he posts all lecture notes and has very useful videos on his website. He will make you love the class and matlab.
5.0 : While I can't comment on the entirety of Kantown's course, his instruction of the topic of recursion was thoroughly impressive. An interactive class example, coding and tracing all helped to deliver this complex topic in a straightforward, informative and engaging way. Would recommend his lecture to anyone looking to learn recursion.
5.0 : Kantwon is the absolute coolest lecturer imaginable. He keeps lectures interesting and has no problem communicating with his students both in and outside the classroom. Kantwon teaches the material well, and if you show up to lecture and at least one recitation per week, the class will be perfectly doable and enjoyable. Take Kantwon!
5.0 : Absolute best! I love Kantwon!! He helped me with a TA interview and he cares so much about how much we learn!! He is so relatable and enjoyable to interact with. My only regret is that I won't be able to take his class again! A lot of people say 1371 is a real piece of work, but Kantwon makes at least some of it totally fun and enjoyable!
5.0 : Amazing lecturer. Never had an interest in CS (hated it, in fact), but Kantwon made it much more accessible and easy to understand. Made me consider a CS minor (but the homework in this class made me not make that decision). Overall, the class is tough, but Kantwon makes it pretty easy with his amazing, hilarious, and clear lectures.
5.0 : Kantwon is an incredible teacher. As someone who had 0 experience with coding he made the material very understandable. He's hilarious and caring, and really seems to consider student feedback. Would definitely recommend.
5.0 : He's the best
5.0 : 100% recommend if you were able to get the class. Do not skip any of the lectures, because it is a GREAT way to start your day off. Kantwon is funny, smart, and the kind of teacher you want for this course. His test averages are the highest among all sections, and he will give you plenty of hints about the material on the midterms!
5.0 : Couldn't have asked for a better professor for 1371. Kantwon just has a way with teaching CS that makes easy and bearable. He is EXTREMELY accessible outside of class and cares deeply for every one of his students. He is a really funny guy and always keeps lectures interesting. Not worth skipping his lectures!!
5.0 : I came into this class scared of coding, but this was the best first programming experience ever. I never expected to have this much fun learning how to code. Everything was explained in a simple and memorable way, from getting pied to explain masking to a game to explain recursion. I would be so happy if all of my professors were like Kantwon!
5.0 : Kantwon's love for MATLAB shines in each of his lectures. He genuinely cares about not only what he teaches, but also all of the students. He made an effort to include everyone in a lecture attended by 150+ students, and was entertaining yet clear about what he was teaching.
5.0 : Deserves all the hype he gets. Cares about his students and MATLAB and tries to make the course as bearable as he can. Homeworks will still be time-consuming, though. If you show up to class, set aside a day of the weekend for the homeworks, and study the provided practice tests, you'll do well. If you don't get him, attend his lectures anyway.
5.0 : Believe the hype. Kantwon is genuinely the best. His passion for teaching radiates from every lecture, which you should always attend. The homework in 1371 is obnoxious/time-consuming, but Kantwon does his absolute best to help make it reasonable. His lectures are some of the best I've ever seen: he's incredibly innovative in the ways he teaches.
5.0 : The best English professor I have ever had. Excellent, engaging and relevant lectures. Written communication actually has a place in my life now. If you plan to present or argue anything to anyone, ever, in a way that they can understand and will actually want to engage with, she can teach you. Welcome to actual communication. Its freaking awesome.
5.0 : Dr Colvin is an amazing teacher that really knows how to make the class exciting and enjoyable. She gives amazing feedback to students and makes sure everyone is on track. Theres lots of exciting group projects. Shes a fair grader as long as you show that you put a lot of work into the project. She really cares about all of the students. Take her!
5.0 : She was one of the best professors I've taken thus far! She's very interesting and a very fair grader. If you have issues, she will be sure to make sure you're set. Lots of group projects. Overall, fun teacher- just show up to class and turn in work, and you're guaranteed a good grade.
5.0 : Makes class fun. The readings she assigns are really interesting and fun. I took her for 1101 &amp;1102. Group projects are creative compared to other profs that assign boring research papers. Is willing to answer questions and knows her students well. You have 3 projects per semester and a portfolio. Class doesn't require too much work and is FUN!
5.0 : Would recommend
5.0 : Such an amazing class! She requires students to make a blog. Very little reading was done and the reading that was required was short stories. There were a few group projects throughout the semester and no tests! Great lectures. Never got bored. Really interesting material and fun assignments. Would take again!
3.0 : English at Tech in general is a little weird with the WOVEN curriculum, which is pervasive in every aspect of class. I took the Technocritters section, which is a lot more about the ethical implications of humanity controlling animals than English. If you think it's fine for humans to eat and experiment on animals, you'll be uncomfortable.
5.0 : Dr. Colvin wants you to succeed in her class. Projects and readings are interesting and designed to help students become better at analysis and communication. Professional and responsive to student needs and interests. If you actually want to be challenged to think creatively and write better, take Dr. Colvin.
5.0 : Dr. Colvin is a great professor and always has a way to make the class very interesting. The readings and assignments are unique and they really challenge you think creatively. The class has clear objectives and Dr. Colvin always wants the best for you. The projects are fun and getting an A is easy if you meet all here criteria.
5.0 : She really teaches you. The final project was a breeze because she prepared us so well. Taking her for 1102!
5.0 : Osama is a great teacher. Definitely recommended.
5.0 : Great guy &amp; lecturer. Really enjoyed this class.
5.0 : Very well planned for each of his lectures and gets through the material that he needs to get through. When grading he does not take off a lot as long as you demonstrate you understand the concept which is a great if you make a dumb mistake. He is very caring for his students and tries to ensure that everyone understands the material
5.0 : Hoyer was a solid, straightforward instructor who clearly provided and explained the definitions/concepts and examples needed to understand Calculus 1. Doing the homework and listening in lecture should guarantee an A if you understand the majority of the material.
5.0 : Alex was my Differential Calc professor while he was a grad student. He did a good job getting us through material each class. Quizzes were every Friday, but they were straight from the homework (do the homework). Math is what it is. It can be easy for some people or difficult, but Alex helped in the class. He did not make it harder by any means.
5.0 : Alex did a great job making linear algebra learnable and interesting. His lectures are very well prepared. He does a good job of explaining why concepts are important and how they're derived through well thought out examples and proofs.  Taking linear algebra with Alex will make multi (calc 3) a breeze.
5.0 : Overall, I would say Hoyer is a good lecturer. He also makes sure that you can reach him outside of class. Good at explaining again if you don;t get it the first way/time. Cares about students. Would take again
5.0 : Good professor, made funny jokes during class. Very caring and always stops to make sure during lecture that we understood what was happening.
4.0 : Dr. Cantrell is a good professor. His projects are challenging because they aren't typical English assignments, but they are fun. Classes are not super exciting, mostly small group discussion. However, Dr. Cantrell is really funny and likes to keep things interesting. Not an easy A, but not a harsh grader either.
4.0 : Dr. Cantrell is a good teacher. He understands that this is a Tech school and no one is here to be an English scholar. He makes the class interesting with good readings and lots of technological projects. Not too many essays. Had him for 2 semesters. Not difficult as long as you participate and read occasionally. Lots of reading though.
4.0 : Dr. Cantrell is a solid choice for 1101. You'll do a lot of reading (100 pages a night) but a quick skim will get you through. He's a fairly easy grader, so if you can deal with a boring class topic, you can get an A.
5.0 : Dr. Cantrell is one of the better ENGL 1102 Profs out there. His readings are long and sometimes dull, but he directs discussions well, and creates an engaging class environment. Projects can be tricky, but if you go into office hours he will help you out really well. Pretty easy grader; put in decent effort and you'll get an A.
4.0 : Very enthusiastic about the class topic. Be prepared to participate in discussions. Gives weekly reading quizzes that are very easy. Majority of the grade comes from assignments which will be completed outside of class, mostly in groupwork. Fair grader
3.0 : More had an issue with the man-splainy-ness of the books we read. Hated nearly every book. BUT, teacher did a good job of putting content we learned in context of modern politics and news events.
4.0 : The class is more time-consuming that a lot of other classes because of the readings and assignments, but the material fits in well with the course topic.  Professor Cantrell is generally nice but the class requires a lot of work to be put in.
3.0 : Cantrell assigns a LOT of reading (200 - 300 pages / week) and expects you to have it finished. However, you can skim through the reading and finish around 100 pages in 2 hours and still actually learn the content.  However, this is still significantly more work than any other English teacher. On the plus side, he does give out good grades.
4.0 : Great, engaging professor. Gives feedback on assignments and you have the option to improve two out of four major assignments.
4.0 : I came into the class with a weak foundation in English. I spoke to him about it and that was the best talk ever. Not only have I matured in English, I have also gained some critical thinking skills. You read a lot, yes. But this is an English class. I suggest picking a class in which you would read, and learn useful skills applicable outside class
5.0 : There's a lot of reading, but it's actually quite interesting, and he's not nitpicky and only cares about (and quizzes on) the main points. His projects are a bit long, he allows you to revise if you do bad. REALLY helpful during office hours. Very caring overall, very interesting topics, and a great prof overall. Would recommend anyday.
5.0 : Dr. Afflerbach is great. Interesting/engaging lectures. While he can be a little bit of a tough grader on some things the main thing he's looking for is effort. If he sees you're trying, you will be rewarded. Any time I needed help or had any questions his feedback was always EXTREMELY helpful. I would recommend his class.
5.0 : HONESTLY A HERO
5.0 : He is very passionate and knowledgeable on the topics.  He is a tough grader on essays, but he gives enough opportunities with projects and participation to make up for it.
5.0 : If I had another English class to take, I would 100% take another class Afflerbach taught. If you need help, stop by office hours. They make a huge difference. He is very responsive to emails as well!
5.0 : Dr. A is hands down one of the best teachers I've had. His class is structured as a discussion that he facilitates incredibly well. He's knowledgeable,  fair and engaging. He sincerely wants to help you succeed as long as he sees your efforts.
5.0 : Dr. Afflerbach is the kindest and coolest professor I have had so far. His classes are very interesting, and the projects assigned are very manageable. Though there is a lot of outside reading, be sure to do it so you can participate in class. 20% of the grade is participation. Afflerbach is very responsive to your comments in class and is  helpful
5.0 : Dr. Afflerbach was an amazing English teacher! You can really tell he is passionate about teaching. Although there was a lot of reading, it was interesting and the discussions we had in class were always great. And go to office hours! He always gives very helpful feedback and seems to genuinely care about his students.
5.0 : Test and homework grades sometimes seem arbitrary but he will often give you partial credit back if you don't understand his grading. Final paper grade is heavily based on aesthetic, and tests are mostly memorization of formulas. Observatory nights are great and he really goes out of his way to make himself accessible to students.
5.0 : Fantastic as a professor; lectures are usually worth going to. he also posts his notes online for you to catch up if you miss a class. Specific for CS 3600, projects are given with an autograder, so you know what you'll get before you submit. Overall, a really solid choice.
4.0 : He is a good lecturer and explains the topics very well. The homeworks are easy and all come with autograders. It is also possible to get enough extra credit to take a 0 on the Final and still get an A. His tests are reasonably difficult but nothing exceptional.
5.0 : His lectures were wonderful. Lots of opportunities for extra credit, which really helps to offset the difficulty of the midterm and final. The autograders used for the projects allow one to know what they'll get on the project before they turn it in. Start your projects early! Overall, I would recommend anyone take this class with Professor Riedl.
5.0 : Awesome professor who genuinely cares about the student's understanding of the material. Lectures are on the dry side, but they are often still worth attending. He is a tough professor, but it is also a very rewarding experience. He's also very accessible outside of class through office hours and email. One of the best I've ever had.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE! I took this class last semester and it was really hard. There's lots a bus work and hard activities. I used to cry because of the number of assignments every week.
5.0 : Dr. Hales is one of the best professors I've had in Scheller. He's clear, helpful, and makes the class interesting. The exams are incredibly fair and reasonable. He's always willing to help students and explain concepts. Really great guy!
5.0 : Dr. Hales is awesome. He's really cares about teaching and making sure students learn and think accounting is fun. You have to try, obviously, there's about one online homework every week that helps you stay on track. You only need the book to do the hw, tests are 100% lecture material. I would definitely take him again, he's the coolest.
5.0 : Professor Hales is one of the best professors I have ever had. I am never afraid to ask questions, and he explains material extremely well. Tests are very fair. Overall, all I can say is take his class. He is an awesome professor, and I learned a lot.
5.0 : Dr. Hales is extremely friendly and definitely approachable outside of class! He is a great professor and tries to relate accounting concepts to everyday life. He reviews test material before each test. However, you have to study on your own. He replies to emails quickly though!
4.0 : Really cool guy and keeps what could be pretty boring lectures interesting. He really cares about students, and all he wants is for you to learn more accounting which he loves. The tests are extremely fair and a crib sheet is allowed. The only bad thing was the homework (online, nothing like what we did in class BUT unlimited attempts)
5.0 : Dr. Sun is a great person and an even better lecturer. AE 2010 is a hard class, so you will struggle quite a bit to get all the material down. But Dr. Sun is really good about breaking down complex concepts and moving through a lot of material really efficiently. Besides class, he is a cool person, and has a pretty rare but genuine sense of humor.
5.0 : Dr. Weigel taught the latter half of general ecology which honestly saved my grade from the first professor. Her lectures and expectations are incredibly clear and comprehensible. She is an overall friendly and approachable, as well as knowledgeable, professor who cares a lot about student progress and feedback. 10/10 would recommend.
4.0 : Weigel is the clearest professor about her exam criteria and make up. If you go by her given learning objectives, go to recitation, and do her IKE and TICAs, you've got an A.
5.0 : Dr. Weigel is an incredibly witty professor and makes for a very good lecturer. Her tests are reasonable. Go to recitation. Attendance not mandatory, but keep up with the Learning Catalytics.
5.0 : Dr. Weigel made the best out of an otherwise annoying class. Criteria for the tests was always very clear, and she was responsive to the concerns of the class. Take her if you can; she's very laid back.
4.0 : Out of the 3 biology professors that taught BIOL1510 for fall 2016 (Choi, Kerr &amp; Weigel), her test was the most straight forward. Like her test was my first A, my first decent test score. Her lectures are pretty cool too. I feel like they probably planned this on purpose to give us hope that we might have a chance in the class or something.
5.0 : You have to go to lecture because there are random pop quizzes that you get 100 on if you are there. As long as you know the material on her power points, it is an easy A. She gives the essay questions before the test which is nice. No homework.
5.0 : Crane is a short lecturer; very rarely did the class actually last the entire allotted time. We used a textbook this semester, but she says she is abandoning it for future classes. You have to do 4 hours of research credit through SONA, but that's literally the only work you have to do outside of class all semester.
5.0 : Dr. Crane is a fantastic choice for Psych 1101. She rarely teaches to the end of the allotted class time, and she provides the PowerPoints she teaches from. If you read over the slides before tests you can make an easy A. She does random attendance checks, as long as you're in class you get a 100 though.
5.0 : Really makes you understand the basics. An excellent Professor. Really hard extra credit problem to improve test grades.  Writes everything on a board organized like a textbook. If you copy his notes than you will have your own a Deff Bods textbook in the end. No textbook needed, but can be useful for a reference and examples.
5.0 : Only a few assigned projects that you'll most likely get an A on if you at least try a little bit. Cares about you and will definitely be able to meet you outside of class. Very reasonable. The class was as fun as a lit class can be. Highly recommend.
4.0 : pretty good professor, topic of class was a little dry but she taught it well
5.0 : Being an engineering major, I was not looking forward to taking an English class, but her class ended up being my favorite.. The class was discussion based, and she did a great job and facilitating the discussion. The projects were actually kind of fun, and I LOVED the readings. I'm so glad I took my last English class ever with Dr Holterhoff
5.0 : Great professor - many of the lectures were based around introducing us to resources here at tech. Reading assignments were never tested or quizzed, but you got credit for participation by discussing them in class. I usually found that sparknotes was enough for in class discussion. You can miss up to 4 days in class before losing credit.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Very enthusiastic and nice. Genuinely cares about her students.
4.0 : Dr. Holterhoff was a great professor in a small english class. The topic was engaging and interesting and she kept the class involved with projects and reading (neither of which were hard). She was readily available outside of class and will answer any question, clarify any assignment, and help you however she can.
4.0 : Overall a very qualified and nice professor, I would take her again hands down. The class wasn't hard per se, just a fair amount of work. My one complaint would be unclear feedback/grading rubrics for the projects, and a large portion of your grade relies on group projects(50% for mine), but she's proactive about fixing group issues if you tell her
5.0 : Dr. Holterhoff is an amazing English professor. She's really fun to talk to inside and outside of class, and the class discussions are really interesting. Her section this semester incorporated a video game project which was really fun. But, she expects quality work, so you can't BS your way through the class. She's always willing to help though.
3.0 : Grind from the beginning. Always make sure you know what you need on the next project to keep your grade. Go to her office hours, get things done way ahead of schedule, and make records of everything (makes the final easier). Solid choice. Just a bit more "real" than HS English.
5.0 : Mrs. Holterhoff is an extremely good teacher who actually engages students and creates an environment where the class can informally discuss the topics in class. The class is graded by 5 assignments (+ attendance), and while it is a good portion of work, Prof. H. outlines EXACTLY what she wants from the assignments, and you can meet w/ her for help
4.0 : Class discussions were always interesting and based on the readings. Make sure to start early on the projects and go to her office hours frequently to understand exactly what she wants. If you put in the work and do what she tells you, you'll be fine.
3.0 : Projects were different and engaging. He was not an incredibly strict grader, but it did feel like his deductions were sort of random.
4.0 : Professor Fallis's ENGL 1102 topic (Dystopias/Utopias) was interesting and he led lectures in an engaging manner. There was required reading but it was manageable, especially for book lovers. Projects seemed to occur in bursts and allowed room for creativity. Grading seemed rather lenient. All around a nice guy too.
5.0 : I liked Professor Fallis teaching. However, the course had a lot of lit books. I am not a big reader so it was difficult overcoming the reading aspect of the course. He gave out 5 pop quizzes, but they were always given after end of the book. He gave extra credit for 2 bad quizzes. He is easy in grading. Solid pick for that annoying 1102 req
3.0 : Dr. Fallis is a very nice person. He is very understanding and his class discussions are very enjoyable.
5.0 : His classes are fun and engaging. Class participation matters. He gives very good feedback on assignments, and by taking this class, I improved my written communication skills.
5.0 : Class discussions were good, graded fairly, gives interesting projects.
5.0 : Dr. Fallis is probably one of the better ENGL profs. He gives relatively helpful feedback, but can be slow to return assignments. Topic (sound) was interesting. His office hours were a bit odd, but he is glad to work things out if you have questions. Decent amount of reading was initially required, and class participation/discussion is important.
4.0 : Professor Ng was hard but very good. I thought her lectures were very clear and learned pretty much everything from her lectures, rather than having to read the textbook to get what I need. She expects a LOT from her students. Exams were hard but fair.
4.0 : Dr. Sarioglu is a good guy who wants you to succeed in his class. I never read the book as tests come from lecture slides and HW questions. If you study these you'll do fine. He can be very wordy in his lectures but he repeats the material from the previous class so you can understand it. Encourages questions and will hint tests so come to class.
4.0 : She is very passionate about the material and shows enthusiasm in class. She is very helpful and patient with her students. The material is hard but she understands that and curves the class at the end of the semester. Homework is long but representative of the materials. Actually take the time to do it.
4.0 : Dr. Arson is a tough professor. HW will take a while, but if you are able to find the textbook solutions online, it's not too bad. Test averages were low, but she curves fairly generously at the end of the semester so it's not a big deal. Lectures are cut and dry but do help derive shortcuts for tests and HW. Very organized and nice as well.
4.0 : 3001 is pretty gross, but Arson is probably one of the better profs teaching it. Find HW solutions online to help you out, but make sure to really understand how problems are solved. Her test averages were in the 60-70 range but she curved pretty well. Even though she's French her accent isn't too hard to understand
5.0 : Explains the subject matter well, and is good at responding to any questions. He even gave us the exact 8 types of problems that would be on the final, making studying easy.
5.0 : Teaches the topics very well. If you pay attention, you'll learn a lot.  Even though the exams are not that easy, he makes sure students are prepared before each one. Shows a passion for physics.
5.0 : My favorite professor at Tech thus far. He's amazingly patient, kind, and cares a lot about his students. His lectures are easy to follow, and tests are exactly as he said they would be. I highly recommend taking him, one of the best decisions I made to take physics I with him!
5.0 : Hands down my favorite professor at Tech. He teaches the material extremely well, his lectures aren't boring and are very clear and concise, but beyond his lecturing skills he makes physics fun and genuinely cares about all his students, whether it be their understanding of physics or their mental wellbeing.
5.0 : He is a very good professor. Watches out for students, good at explaining. Mumbles a little and gets so excited by physics that he gets distracted by other physics, but makes sure students understand information. Very willing to answer questions and help out. Also gives useful hints about what will be on the tests.
3.0 : Better do all the WebAssign homework if you want to do well. 40ish problems a week. Physics at Tech is hard. Take it elsewhere if you can.
4.0 : Tests are fairly straightforward, shouldn't have to study too much; weekly quizzes which help a lot; lectures are easy to follow; Amalia is easy to reach outside of class and gives good feedback; class curved at the end.
5.0 : Her lectures are great, her tests and quizzes are topical, she's funny, and she makes an effort to get to know the students.
5.0 : She's great! explains things really well and is very reasonable
5.0 : I absolutely loved this class. Her lecture style is extremely clear, and she breaks down difficult math concepts into step-by-step processes that make the material very easy to remember. She's also just very nice and sociable to be around. I hope to take her for my diff eqs class next semester cause my first experience was so great.
5.0 : By far the best math teacher I have had at Tech. She explains things very clearly and moves at a pace so that you don't feel like the class is a week ahead of what you are understanding. The lectures are very interactive and she strives to get students involved during lecture. As long as you do the homework and go to lecture, the tests are doable.
5.0 : Math at Tech is HAAARD, but Amalia is both fair, supportive, humorous funny. The way she approaches lectures is very effective: she lays out the basic maths concept, explains it again in layman's words, then does a few examples. Practice your homework until you understand it WELL or you'll suffer. She curves, so don't freak out. Also: OFFICE HOURS.
5.0 : I had a lot of problems with this class, thankfully Amalia did her best to make my time easier. Gives very good feedback and is very responsive and helpful whenever you have concerns. She is very clear about the topics you should know for each exam and is more than willing to give a bit of a curve for the sake of fairness.
4.0 : Young grad student who understands the undergrad struggle and is very passionate about her field. She lays out the expectations day 1 which makes keeping track of work easy. Overall easy class, although the tests can be a little tricky.
5.0 : She's a nice person and the class is easy if you are willing to put some effort into it. Her lectures are typically interesting and she uses a good mix of videos and powerpoint slides. Tests are fair and straightforward but you'd need to study a bit.
5.0 : I have had him for two classes so far, and he is one of my favorite professors. He is excited about the material and makes sure his students understand everything. This class was completely project and participation based. He frequently lets class out 30-45 minutes early.
5.0 : Professor Harrison is fantastic! Intro to psychology was my most interesting course this semester because of him. Very knowledgeable and will stop lecture to answer any question you could possibly have in detail. The textbook is necessary! Quizzes and tests are straightforward - pay attention in class, read the textbook, and you have an easy A.
5.0 : Dr. Harrison is a wonderful professor. You can tell he likes what he does and genuinely cares about his students. He answers questions in thoroughness and in great detail and offers study sessions outside of class for each test and final. He makes his expectations on assignments clear and makes the class enjoyable. I would take him again if I could
4.0 : The tests were fair and accurately tested the material we had learned. Also we could opt out of the final (regardless of current grade) and take a bonus quiz.   Only downside is the homework. It's a lot. Definitely at least 4 hrs a week (often more) and some weeks it was simply impossible. Much harder than the exams, so it prepares you pretty well.
4.0 : Took Zhou for COE 2001 as well. He likes to give a lot of homework with tough problems, however the test are much easier. He is very helpful and open during his office hours and he usually has really good Das as well.  As long as you stay on top of the homework it's an easy class.
5.0 : I think the best way I can sum up Dr. Zhou is with a sentence he said a few weeks before the end of classes:  "I'm going to be curving pretty heavily...I don't care if everyone in the class gets an A, I want you all to learn the material and succeed."  There's a lot of homework and lecture material, but take this guy.
4.0 : Min Zhou is an overall good professor. I found 2 problems: 1) If you go to him to ask for help on a problem, he will tell you how to basically do it and then just walk away and assume you understand completely now. 2) Half of the classes didn't seem like we were ever learning anything new. Other than that, he's pretty good, easy A not much work.
4.0 : Overall nice guy and good speaker. Records lecture. Tells basic formulas and shows problem setup instead of working it out completely - enough for tests with formula sheet, but some (40%) homework is much harder. Book has similar Q&amp;A's, not worked out solutions. Work hard early in case by chance he makes the final optional (he doesn't always)
4.0 : He gives very fair tests that are not too difficult. Lectures are not mandatory but a sign in sheet was passed around every class. There was a lot of homework for this class that was fairly time consuming. Overall nice guy and a decent professor.
4.0 : ME2110 is a very hard class. It's brutal, but Dr. Arvanitis does a great job at making it more bearable. He gives great advice and is genuinely interested in your team's success. As long as you listen to and incorporate his feedback, you'll do fine.
5.0 : Dr. Ventresca was very passionate about the subject and made it interesting. The class had no test but had a lot of writing/oral presentation type projects. He graded fairly and sometimes pretty leniently. Would definitely take him for the social science credit.
5.0 : One of my favorite classes at Tech!  He takes time in lecture to explain proofs and then works examples, so whether you're trying to understand or just learn the methods his lectures have what you need.  He is also enthusiastic and entertaining! Tests were of expected difficulty and graded fairly.
5.0 : Bolding is the man. He doesn't try to mess with you, he is very clear and very focused on making sure you learn the most important and practical aspects of the course. He understands the subject super well and is able to translate it to make sense in layman's terms. Dude loves math and is a really funny lighthearted lecturer. Test's were very fair
4.0 : Not a hard professor at all as far a ChBE goes. Had him for thermo II and I have to say he could have made the class way harder than he did.  Of course it's not going to be an easy A but of all the ChBE classes I've had, this is by far the easiest.
5.0 : Great guy, great professor
5.0 : Literally my favorite professor in Scheller. Super funny, helpful, and intelligent. Plus, there are no exams, and he makes his syllabus really flexible. The biggest part of the class is a group project, which is doable. Just an overall great experience and great professor!!
5.0 : GREAT lecturer, very engaging and funny. Lowe is very knowledgable and brought in several outstanding guest speakers. No tests, but group project instead. Weekly quizzes ensure he is getting the info across well, but isn't too heavily weighted-- show up and pay attention and you'll be just fine. Highly recommended!
5.0 : I found this class very effective. He put A LOT of effort (and a bit of money too) into the powerpoints and lectures, and was always considerate of student concerns/deadline issues, although not a pushover, so don't get too carried away. Easy A, but the charisma/pride he took in his work goes beyond the grade.
5.0 : Took history of jazz with Prof. Crotts over the summer. Class was taught either by him or his coworker friend. Tests are not hard if you memorize the slides. Content is really interesting and a nice break from these rigorous STEM classes at Tech. Highly recommended for that Humanities credit.
3.0 : He's a good teacher but definitely not easy. Also, he's a bit snooty sometimes. He teaches difficult concepts fairly clearly but it'll take lots of practice to do well on his tests. Doing all the homework (even the optional ones every other week) is highly recommended but not a guarantee that the tests look like the homeworks.
5.0 : This Professor will make you work your butt off. One of the most challenging courses I've taken. However, I feel as though I know this material better than any peers that did not have to pleasure of taking Dr. Breedveld. This man is extremely smart, but more importantly, he is just an all around fantastic Professor.
5.0 : Great professor, some people had trouble understanding him, but he is available after class to clear up anything you did not understand. Class only had 2 exams, and a group project. The final was optional, and it replaced your lowest test grade.
4.0 : He doesn't try to bog you down with assignments and tedious memorization of nitty-gritty things like formulas. Class was very conceptual and directed at teaching you to have good intuition with MSE. Kind of hard to understand but somehow he managed to cover more material than other classes and taught it better even though class always got out early
5.0 : David's lectures were always funny, and he incorporated a lot of interesting material/activities into them. His tests demand a fair bit of reading the book, but if you keep up they're really not that tough. Papers were pretty interesting to write, and graded generously. Taught really well, great professor.
3.0 : Overall the class wasn't too hard because tests only made up half of the final grade, but I did not love the content of the class (which may or may not have been Professor Martinez's fault). It seemed to cover a lot of outdated psychology that has largely been proven to be false, which was kind of disappointing to me. Study the vocab for tests!
5.0 : Nicest professor I've ever had.  She really cares about the topic (arctic cinema) and will make you develop an interest in it.  She's very fair with grading and her lectures are super interesting.  They're slightly discussion based so you'll want to do the assigned readings to get the most out of the class.  Project based grades primarily.
5.0 : Definitely fave prof I've had at Tech. She is SO smart and a great lecturer. Also not too bad of a grader - she tells you exactly what she wants, so if you give her that you can get an A. Attendance isn't mandatory technically but it pretty much is if you want to pass.
2.0 : The class itself is very difficult but he doesn't make it any easier. He is still learning english so it would be very hard to understand what he was saying or meant to say. I would be afraid to ask him questions because he can be very defensive (since you didn't understand him to begin with) and doesn't explain it very well.
5.0 : Dr. Nezafati truly cares about the success of his students. Yes, BME 2210 is a difficult class, but Nezafati encourages you to set up appointments outside of office hours and email him with questions. His English is okay but you will do well in this class by practicing problems, not by simply listening to Nezafati talk.
5.0 : Lectures of 2210 will be divided between several prof. Dr. Nezafati was happily in charge of teaching the energy balance section. Go to office hours of prof and TAs. Create study groups. Go through problems over and over since many concepts may be merged into a few exam problems. TAs for this class was Cassidy and Brandon who were really helpful!
5.0 : Dr. Nezafati was an excellent professor. He is incredibly passionate about the subject as well as his students and wants to see you do well. He has a clear outline of what he is looking for on tests/quizzes/hw and grades according to that. Make sure you do all the hw, it takes forever, but it is the best practice for tests/quizzes.
5.0 : Really nice, really caring, and really clear. Wants you to do well, you just have to meet him halfway.
5.0 : Awesome math teacher. Gives amazing lectures that are better and more succinct than the textbook (although you can still read it if you want). Tests are fair and cover what he said they would.
5.0 : Jankowski is a god. All of his lectures are mind opening as he calls upon the math deities to bestow us with knowledge. His tests are fair and cover exactly what he says they will. 10/10 would take a class from him again.
5.0 : The most AMAZING Math professor. Super organized and clear lecture.
4.0 : Really good lectures, really enthusiastic that makes you enthusiastic about math (which is a feat in itself). Pretty tough exams, but usually the averages were right in the middle of the curve of the other classes, so they were fair. Very helpful in office hours, etc. Highly recommend.
4.0 : Prof. Jankowski is a hilarious professor who knows a lot about linear algebra. His quizzes are fairly easy, tests are slightly harder, but if you study the quizzes and homework ahead of time, you should do well. MATH 1553 also has a hearty curve, so it is very easy to get an A in the class.
4.0 : He cares about his students and really tries to help everyone understand. He is really accessible  outside of class. He goes around during the problem solving studio and offers helpful hints and tips to everyone.  would recommend him.
4.0 : This class was annoying, but Dr. Leisen tried his best to make it fun during the weekly problem solving studios. Your choice of professor doesn't really matter (you learn most of the material on your own or in groups during PSS), so take the section that best fits your schedule.
5.0 : Prof. Kamada is a gem of a professor. He is a very talented teacher; he ensures that his students are able to learn the material well. His tests are open note; attendance is not mandatory; there are a lot of homework assignments. Overall, I think he is a nice professor, relatively easy to get an A if you put a little bit of effort. Would Recommend.
4.0 : He is difficult to understand because he has a thick accent. Once you get past that, you should be good for the rest of the semester. His tests are very similar to the homeworks. His lecture are helpful towards the homeworks. Participation was by clicking "Yes, I was here today" on t-square, so pretty much you didn't need to be there.
5.0 : Gives a lot of extra credit. Very good lecturer, clearly communicates what it will take to get an A.
5.0 : She gives a HUGE amount of extra credit that it's almost impossible not to make an A. She is a great lecturer and explains concepts clearly, and she's very good at explaining what you're expected to know for exams/quizzes. She gives 20 pts extra credit on quizzes and 100 pts (yes, 100 pts) extra credit on tests. You can exempt the final (95+ avg)
5.0 : Dr. Stockton is one of the best professors I have had! She is hardworking, cares about her students, and wants you to succeed. She is so passionate about the material that it makes you excited to learn. Although she is busy, she tries to make time to help her students and even does online office hours. Her lecture notes are fantastic! Recommend!!!!
4.0 : Buck literally wrote the (national) book for the class so he knows what he's talking about and his lectures show it. Retired and now only comes in just to teach so he's always available for questions and discussions. Test averages weren't great but if you read the book and understand the formulas you'll do fine. He wants you to learn the material.
5.0 : One of my favorite profs at Tech. Only graded by 3 easy 100% HW's and the highest two test grades. The Group Project is 50% of the grade and is pretty time consuming, but not worse than what you've already done in the curriculum already. Class always ended 30min early and we still learned a lot of interesting material. More of a grad student class.
5.0 : ECE 4781 is tougher than 4782 but it is still a great class. I got an A by averaging 99 on exams, 100 on HW and an 80 on the project. He grades the projects harder and lowers your score if you pick the easier review project, but if you want to pass the class you don't need to put much work in. Still drops a test and HW, so don't worry about them.
4.0 : Dr. Beck was a very clear teacher. He gave relevant class examples and his notes were very thorough. His tests were similar to a combination of notes and homework. He was a really interesting guy who was always willing to talk. I would absolutely recommend him for ECE2020
5.0 : I am a graduate student at Georgia Tech. I took ECE6320 in fall 2017. Dr. Grijalva is an excellent teacher. Though the course load is too much, he makes sure that content is well understood.
5.0 : Baradel was a great professor. She's quick to respond to emails and is very helpful if you need help. Her tests are fairly easy and come straight from her power points. She gives out food during class which was very nice. She also offers extra credit. Would take again!
5.0 : Leslie is a professor who genuinely wants you to get pumped about being healthy. She brings healthy breakfast foods to class and hands them out as rewards for answering questions correctly. She's extremely fun, energetic and enthusiastic and I really looked forward to my health lectures.
5.0 : Her lectures are clear and simple. The class itself is fair and reasonably easy if you study a little. No reason why you shouldn't take it.
5.0 : David is one of the best professors I have ever had. He's extremely involved with his students, going above and beyond to get in touch with them. The class I took him for (CS 6400) was extremely freeform and he did a fantastic job allowing students to pursue something that interested them while still accomplishing all of the learning goals.
5.0 : I've taken online classes before and had terrible experiences, but both the layout of the course and the professor itself are excellent. It takes self-discipline like any online class, but the professor is very qualified, passionate, and answers emails, slack, and Piazza questions promptly.
5.0 : First time taking online class and it was great. You watch short videos and you do exercises throughout. Take good notes and do the problem sets and you should be golden for the test. I never had to go to office hours. Plus, some of the tests he would give you the questions beforehand. If you have to take CS1301, DO IT ONLINE. You won't regret it.
5.0 : Best class I've ever taken, online or not. His Piazza responses are very detailed and helpful. If he's not available, Piazza falls apart, even though we had many students answering questions, too. Bc it's a large class, there are a lot of questions. If you can't reach him by Piazza, he is very good about Slack responses. Tests taken online
5.0 : Prof Etnyre makes lectures really interesting and is extremely accessible outside of class. His lecture notes are very clear and colourful, the questions on homework are actually used as prior knowledge on the next lecture, and the term paper he assigned was a great project. He grades extremely fairly and a large part of the tests is from homework.
5.0 : Gives very informative lectures. will learn a lot. prints slides and stuff -- take notes on them -- keep em neat good study resources
5.0 : This man is a blessing to Georgia Tech's ECE department. Not only is he really nice, but he is also a great lecturer. You can't go wrong if you take his class.
5.0 : Nice Professor, and really interesting lectures
5.0 : I loved Professor Garner. She was extremely caring, and was always there to help her students. She was very clear as to what her expectations were and was't trying to trick you. If you do the homework and go to class then you should be fine. Also, she is extremely funny which I think made me actually enjoy the class.
5.0 : Dr. Garner is one of the best professors that I've taken at Tech. I didn't think that I would really enjoy finance, but she does a great job of explaining concepts in class and is very willing to take extra time and explain concepts outside of class. Overall I felt like I learned a lot and highly recommend Dr. Garner's class!
5.0 : By far my favorite professor in the ISyE department. Really makes you earn your grade, but he also makes you want to do well. There are tons of pop quizzes, but if you review before class you should be fine.
4.0 : Sigrun is probably the best professor I've had at Tech thus far. She explains the material very well, and provides good examples. Homeworks are long and difficult but are identical to homeworks from previous years. Exams are basically your entire grade, but stem directly from homework problems and the practice exams. Lectures are a bit boring.
4.0 : The class has a very set amount of content, and she'll get through it, no matter what. The textbook isn't super useful but the HW is pretty much essential for studying and a lot of it is out of the book. Lectures can be boring but they're concise and have good examples.
4.0 : No complaints. Easy class. Show up, do your work, make an A.
5.0 : Dr. Greene is incredible. I took her class over the summer, and it is one of my favorite classes I have taken at Tech. I actually enjoyed getting up for my 9:30 am because I loved the class and the environment she created so much. Not only is she a great and hilarious teacher, but she also makes it clear that she cares about all of her students.
5.0 : Great man, good teacher. Class isn't too hard. 9/10 p solid
3.0 : Nothing special about Prof Kordek. He grades pretty tough and his lectures are pretty dull. Random attendance checks but go to class before exams for a good review. I got more out of my recitation/TA. Upside is that he is there to answer any of your questions/concerns and offers a bonus on each exam. Mediocre teacher, but he's young and new to Tech
4.0 : Lecture slides are easy to understand and have fill-in-the-blank style to keep you engaged without giving you a hand cramp. Prof. Lin is knowledgeable and respectful and responds quickly to emails. His tests were pretty doable if you did the homework and studied a little. He gives you lots of opportunities to make good grades.
4.0 : Doby was an excellent S&amp;P professor. He's caring, passionate, and very knowledgeable about the subject. He has high expectations and this will definitely not be your easy-A psych class, but if you go to lecture and read the textbook chapters you should do fine. I learned a lot, and it was the one class this semester that I never wanted to skip.
5.0 : Really cares about the students. Good guy
5.0 : He is a great teacher who cares about his students. Will take him again gladly, even if he's only teaching an 8 am.
1.0 : Professor Cuba-Torres does not care about his students. If you don't know exactly what is going on in class he will not respect you. He made the hardest exam questions on each test that expected you to calculate things you could not possibly calculate unless you had more information. In all, this man made me hate chemical engineering
5.0 : Highly recommend taking his small 1600 class, and not the big one! His lectures were fascinating and he clearly cared about how the students were doing. He's funny, and makes the topics seem easy! The tests can be hard and tricky, but he posts previous exams which help a ton.
4.0 : Most of the class time is spent in group discussion over articles/ book sections read for homework. Homework is simple and there was one group project. Show up to class, join in on discussion, complete the simple homework and you will be set! She grades pretty easy, just follow instructions and you're set.
4.0 : This professor is so cute with his jokes and asking the class how to pronounce words. But basically the class is just lecture and the whole grade is only three tests. The tests are SO SPECIFIC. He will put something on there that a random guy asked a random question about a month ago. You go in feeling prepared and are torn apart, but made a B.
4.0 : Her digital authorship class was engaging and the stuff taught is applicable in many fields. There was a fair amount of reading, but it wasn't an overwhelming amount. She's more interested that you create good work and develop skills in the primary outcomes of the curriculum rather than hitting every little bullet point on a rubric. Great ENGL pick
5.0 : I really enjoyed Dr. Rose's class. At first I thought the class would be boring based on the topic alone, but it didn't turn out to be bad. Set up just like a typical english class. She is super willing to help, and will often set up days in class just to review/edit an assignment with peers and herself. Definitely take advantage of emailing her
5.0 : Dr. Rose's class is definitely one that i did not expect. There are weekly readings every now and then but she keeps the class interesting and really cares and respects her students. A very interesting topic as well.
5.0 : Dr. Rose was so chill. Her lectures and blog make the class easy to follow along to. She has occasional quizzes but you are fine as long as you pay attention in class. She really cares about her students and I really enjoyed the theme of the class.
5.0 : One of the most caring English Teachers I've ever had. Really cares about how well you understand and is willing to work around your schedule. Very easy grader because she cares more about learning.
5.0 : Great teacher.
5.0 : She cares a lot about her students and is always ready to help. She is very understanding and an excellent teacher overall. She gives feedback on each assignment which is really helpful.
5.0 : Professor Zaidi is an incredible professor. I went to his lectures not because it was mandatory but because it was worth the time. His explanation added to the textbook in a very helpful manner. That said, keep up with the readings. Homework is hard but he is available to help and the tests are easier than the homework so just put in the time.
4.0 : First two units are pretty easy and test questions are pulled from old tests or homework. Lectures are pretty good and available online. Last unit is harder but test wasn't too bad. Build a buffer with the first two. Put in the effort and you'll be fine. He's a very understanding prof who gets student priorities.
5.0 : Professor Eichel's class is a really fun and casual class where he works hard to give you creative projects to do that you would enjoy doing. He doesn't grade that harshly either. There is a lot of reading but it's divided up into small amounts every day and the reading is usually enjoyable and not to long for each reading.
5.0 : Dr. Eichel is easily the best professor I've had. Everything about the class is engaging and interesting it's hard for me to give him lower than a 5.0.
5.0 : He makes sure to assign works that are both educational and interesting, so the readings are very entertaining and the projects are fun to do. His lectures are very fun and he is very caring and respectful. As long as you do all of the assignments given, you'll get an A in the class.
5.0 : Rick is great! Lectures are very interesting, and all exam material comes from lecture notes. He provides study guides that are very helpful. Exams are a little tricky but do-able if you study the terms. Online homework/CAP papers are very easy. Drops your lowest exam grade. Very helpful during office hours. Great professor and awesome dude!
4.0 : Overall a good professor, lectures can get boring, but as long as you do the homework, cap papers, and study, you don't really need to go to class. he posts all powerpoints and study guides online. Tests are a little tricky, but the lowest one is dropped. Also if you are okay with your grade in the class before the final, you don't have to take it
4.0 : Very good lectures. You learn a ton of psychological concepts without being totally stressed. The exams are easy if you study at all for the exams with his slides. Group project wasn't bad -- didn't take a ton of time.
4.0 : Dr. Sturm is relatively young and can clearly relate to the struggles of undergraduate students a lot better than the 50 year old who is more invested in research, and that shows. In his class, we have discussed memes and analyzed tweets. Attendance is required and there is work, but nothing extreme and all is interesting if you buy in.
4.0 : This class was extremely easy to pass. In order to pass the tests, all you really have to do is review the posted lecture slides (mostly the test review one). Professor Schmid is big into group discussion in class, which makes it more interesting, but the only reason attendance is needed is because he'll occasionally do in-class assignments.
5.0 : Probably the best 1101 teacher. Not a tough grader, but will tell you what you should fix. Allows a good amount of class time to work on future assignments so you won't have to do much outside of class. Very caring, will do a lot to help you succeed. You're only allowed 3 absences a semester.
